Zinc performs a number of important roles in the body. Harvard Health explains: "It is a major player in the creation of DNA, growth of cells, building proteins, healing damaged tissue, and supporting a healthy immune system." It's little wonder, then, that zinc deficiency has an adverse impact on the body. According to the American Optometric Association (AOA), "impaired vision", such as poor night vision and cloudy cataracts, has been linked to zinc deficiency. AOA explains: "Zinc plays a vital role in bringing vitamin A from the liver to the retina in order to produce melanin, a protective pigment in the eyes." Other signs include: "In more severe cases, zinc deficiency causes hair loss, diarrhoea, delayed sexual maturation, impotence, hypogonadism in males, and eye and skin lesions," warns the National Institutes of Health (NIH). READ MORE: Low zinc symptoms: The eight peculiar signs on the body indicating you’re lacking According to the NIH, weight loss, delayed healing of wounds, taste abnormalities, and mental lethargy can also occur. "Many of these symptoms are non-specific and often associated with other health conditions; therefore, a medical examination is necessary to ascertain whether a zinc deficiency is present." Good sources of zinc include: You should be able to get all the zinc you need by eating a varied and balanced diet. DON'T MISSGary Busey health: Star opens up about horror brain injury [INSIGHT]B12 deficiency: Three signs in your feet of low B12 levels [ADVICE]Cancer warning: Pain in four areas of the body is a sign [INSIGHT] If you take zinc supplements, do not take too much as this could be harmful. The Department of Health and Social Care says: "Do not take more than 25mg of zinc supplements a day unless advised to by a doctor." According to Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, excess zinc can interfere with the absorption of iron and copper. "High doses can also cause nausea and even vomiting," warns the health body. It continues: "Therefore it is important not to take supplemental zinc unless it is known that the diet is low in foods containing zinc or a zinc deficiency is confirmed. "A registered dietitian can help to evaluate one’s diet and determine if zinc intake is low." People with gastrointestinal and other diseases are at risk of falling short of zinc. The NIH explains: "Gastrointestinal surgery and digestive disorders (such as ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease, and short bowel syndrome) can decrease zinc absorption and increase endogenous zinc losses primarily from the gastrointestinal tract and, to a lesser extent, from the kidney." According to the health body, other diseases associated with zinc deficiency include malabsorption syndrome, chronic liver disease, chronic renal disease, sickle cell disease, diabetes, malignancy, and other chronic illnesses. "Chronic diarrhoea also leads to excessive loss of zinc," it warns. Other risk factors include: