Jack Wilshere admits he would love Arsenal to raid another of his former clubs to sign Declan Rice. Wilshere claims Rice is similar to Sergio Busquets in his prime and better than Liverpool star Fabinho. The West Ham midfielder is strongly linked with a move away from the club. His current contract expires in 2024 but there is an option to extend it by a further year. Manchester United and Chelsea have been strongly linked with signing Rice. But Wilshere hopes Arsenal are his old team-mate's next club. During the first half of West Ham's Europa League quarter-final first leg against Lyon on Thursday, Wilshere asked his Twitter followers if there was anyone better in Rice's position. He wrote: "Tell me a better DMF than Declan Rice right now? Can't think of anyone [who] can do what Dec can.." READ MORE: Moussa Dembele mimics Ronaldo with wink after controversial West Ham red card  One fan replied, suggesting Rice was not on the level of Fabinho. They wrote: "So you haven't seen Fabinho who has been doing it for a good couple of years now? Ok." But Wilshere said the Brazilian cannot do what Rice does. He wrote about Fabinho: "Doesn't have the presence Dec has. Dec can do everything he can and more." Wilshere then compared Rice to Barcelona star Busquets and claimed the 23-year-old would get into any side in Europe. But he rather cheekily hoped Arsenal will be in the running for him. DON'T MISSBenzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick [QUOTES]Joe Cole singles out two Chelsea stars for criticism after Real Madrid defeat [REACTION]Liverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signing [GOSSIP] Wilshere wrote: "Busquets is the only one 3 or 4 years ago. And remember he played in a team that dominated possession in every game. "Dec's job is harder in this team. He could play in any team in Europe. Fact. Let's hope it's Arsenal." West Ham boss David Moyes said earlier this month that Rice was not for sale. But the Scot said it would be over £150million if he were to leave the London Stadium - more than double's Arsenal's record transfer fee of £72m.  Moyes said: "The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. But if you are interested, well, it will be north of that, because £100m was cheap last summer, and £150m just now would be minimum – but he is not for sale. "I look at what Tottenham did with Harry Kane, albeit in a different way. They said, ‘no, there is a price and if someone wants to pay the price, then we’d probably do it. "If they don’t then he’s not going anywhere’. That’s it, they have kept him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here