Anatomy of a Scandal is on the way to Netflix, making its debut on April 15. The hard-hitting TV series features some poignant themes including consent and rape. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the thought-provoking series. James Whitehouse is a minister in Parliament who is loved and respected by his constituents and colleagues. He seemingly has everything in life including a loving wife and children, and staff who work tirelessly for him. Yet when he is accused of rape by one of his colleagues, his life is turned upside down. He and his family are thrown into the spotlight as his past is unravelled. James is played by Rupert Friend, a 40-year-old British actor and writer. The star, who is married to Aimee Mullins, is known for his roles in The Libertine and Pride and Prejudice. The young James Whitehouse seen in flashbacks is played by Ben Radcliffe. READ  MORE: What happened to the real Ann Walker? Sophie is James' wife in the series and the pair met during their university days. She gave up her job to look after their children, with the help of nanny Krystyna (Violet Verigo). Sophie has been devoted to her husband since they met, and she is left heartbroken when she discovers his real personality. She is played by Sienna Miller, a 40-year-old American-British actress and model. Her credits include The Girl and Layer Cake. Kate is the prosecutor trying to prove James guilty of raping his colleague in the series. She is determined to get the government minister behind bars and keep other women away from harm. With none of her family close by, she is reliant on her best friend for emotional support. She is played by Michelle Dockery, a 40-year-old English actress known for playing Lady Mary Crawley in Downton Abbey. The actress is engaged to Jasper Waller-Bridge, the brother of Fleabag creator Phoebe Waller-Bridge. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [INSIGHT] Sienna Miller claims there's 'no way' a 'man could've directed' series [INTERVIEW] Anatomy of a Scandal release date, cast, trailer, plot: All we know [INSIGHT] Olivia is James' colleague who makes a statement to the police about a harrowing incident at the Houses of Parliament. She claims James, with whom she had been having an affair, raped her in a lift. Viewers will hear both sides of the case as evidence from Olivia is put forward. She is played by Naomi Scott, a 28-year-old English actress and singer. The actress featured in the 2019 adaptation of Aladdin, as well as Terra Nova. Angela Regan is James' defence lawyer who has the tricky task of proving him innocent. She has a close relationship with her colleague Kate, which sometimes makes her job even more challenging. Angela is played by Josette Simon, a British actress who was awarded an OBE (Order of the British Empire) for services to drama in 2000. Her notable credits include Milk and Honey and Golden Girls. She has a daughter called Maisie with her ex-husband Mark Padmore. Anatomy of a Scandal airs on Netflix on April 15.