Many state pensioners will also be responsible for caring for another person whether this be a family member, friend, or otherwise. Traditionally, Carer’s Allowance would be on hand to provide support to carers. However, there are rules about who can get Carer’s Allowance, which especially apply to those over state pension age. The Government has confirmed people cannot get the full amount of Carer’s Allowance and the state pension at the same time. This is because the two payments are viewed as “overlapping benefits”, according to the DWP. Payments will differ according to a person’s circumstances. READ MORE: Pension: Britons missing out on £200 of ‘free money’ per year If someone has a pension of £69.70 a week or more, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. Those with a pension of less than £69.70 a week will get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. The same goes for Pension Credit recipients who receive more than £69.70 per week. While they do not get a Carer’s Allowance payment, their Pension Credit payment should increase instead. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis unpacks what your tax code means - check now [INSIGHT]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]Nationwide offers 2.5% interest rate account but for a ‘limited time' [UPDATE] However, the organisation Carers UK has said it may still be worth state pensioners submitting a claim, as they could get an “underlying entitlement”. This phrase acknowledges a person meets the Carer’s Allowance conditions, but cannot receive the sum due to an overlapping payment or benefit. Having this underlying entitlement could mean an amount called the Carer Addition will be included when working out if a person is entitled to means-tested benefits. For some, it could mean increasing benefits they already have, while others could get support for the first time. Of course, this is all dependent on someone’s income and capital. To be eligible for Carer’s Allowance, a person does not have to be related to, or live with, the individual they care for. They must be caring for someone for at least 35 hours a week who is in receipt of certain benefits. Some, however, are dissatisfied with the policy as it currently stands and have called for a change. A petition has been posted on the Parliament website calling upon the Government to “pay Carer’s Allowance in addition to any other benefits or the taste pension”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The author of the petition, Mark Griffin, stated he was keen for carers to be recognised. He explained: “Unpaid carers save the country a lot of money by providing care at home. “I believe that anyone provides care that makes them eligible for Carer's Allowance should receive the full rate of Carer's Allowance, in addition to any other benefit or state pension they receive, without those other benefits being affected. “The person receiving care should also not see their benefits reduced because someone claims Carer's Allowance for caring for them.” Thus far, the petition has only gained 91 signatures, meaning it falls short of the 10,000 needed to trigger a formal Government response. All petitions on the Parliament website run for six months, and this one expires on October 12, 2022.