Female members of the Royal Family continue to channel Princess Diana, implying that her influence and timeless sense of style still has effect today. Meghan Markle has been seen wearing Diana’s Cartier watch in The Hague, but she paid tribute to her in another way too – by wearing a garment very similar to one her late mother-in-law owned. Last night, April 16, Meghan opted to wear an off-the-shoulder top with a pair of classic black trousers to the Invictus Games’ opening ceremony. The top was ivory or off-white in colour and sat off the shoulders with a ruched knot in the middle of the bust. It was a bodysuit by designer Khaite and is new this season. Called the ‘Cerise Off-Shoulder Knotted Stretch-Cotton Jersey Bodysuit’, it is described on Khaite’s website as “cut from stretch-cotton jersey for a close fit and has a smooth base that will layer neatly under fitted skirts and pants”. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family It also “has an artfully twisted front that beautifully drapes off-the-shoulder and creates an elegant fold-over back”. Meghan paired this top with a pair of slightly flared black trousers with a high waist. She finished the look with a pair of black stiletto heels and simple gold necklace from Cartier. Royal fans were quick to comment on Meghan’s look on social media, and some pointed out the similarities between her top and a dress Princess Diana last wore in 1997.  For her last ever photo shoot, shot by iconic photographer Mario Testino for Vanity Fair, Diana wore a series of outfits – one of which was a white dress with a ruched, off-shoulder bodice. In Mario Testino’s photograph, Diana is lying against a white cushion and wearing a Catherine Walker dress, but only the bodice is visible. The bodice’s material is twisted at the centre, in the exact same way as Meghan’s top. It seems, therefore, that the Duchess is honouring her late mother-in-law by wearing a garment so similar to one she owned. Mario Testino’s photographs for Vanity Fair came with captions, and the one referring to Diana’s Catherine Walker dress said: “Ordered for a 1993 state banquet honouring the King and Queen of Malaysia, Princess Diana’s classic formal dinner dress of white silk crepe was designed by Catherine Walker. “It features a draped panel which forms a tied cross in front and falls over the cap sleeves, ending below the hips at the back.” However, Princess Diana did not end up wearing the white dress to the banquet – opting instead for another Catherine Walker number. Although this gown too was slightly off the shoulder, it was a bright emerald green. It seems, therefore, that Diana only wore the white Catherine Walker dress once – for the Mario Testino shoot. Meanwhile, Harry donned a grey suit and a white shirt for the Games’ opening ceremony last night. The Prince’s shirt was open at the collar in a relaxed manner.