Julia Garner has portrayed petty criminal turned ruthless casino manager Ruth Langmore since the popular Netflix drama launched in 2017. Joined by series leads Jason Bateman and Laura Linney, Julia’s part in Ozark is about to come to an end with the release of the second half of its final season, but the actress has admitted it has been hard letting go of her breakout role. The Ozark star revealed she is still saying goodbye to her fellow cast members when she opened up about her life-changing experience on the series. Ruth was first introduced as a small-time yet sharply intelligent young member of the criminal Langmore family in the first season. After being taken under the wing of Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman), she has since become the powerhouse of the series and will form some of the biggest conflicts of the final season. A recent trailer has revealed Ruth on a tirade of revenge following the murder of her cousin, Wyatt (Charlie Tahan), but fans will have to tune in this Friday to find out if she’s successful. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Although the series has reached its expiry date after four seasons, Julia admitted: “I could shoot Ozark for the rest of my life, selfishly.” Her role in the series has launched Julia’s career to dizzying heights, and it didn’t take long for her to start landing prominent leading roles elsewhere. The 28-year-old star was acclaimed for her lead role in the 2019 indie drama The Assistant, and she recently portrayed scam artist Anna Sorokin in the Netflix miniseries Inventing Anna. However, Ozark remains her most celebrated role to date, having picked up two Emmy awards, and several other prestigious nominations, for her performance as Ruth. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, Julia revealed how hard it was to leave the series which has been a home away from home for the better part of the last five years. Julia told EW the final shoot was “really, really hard” and “one of the saddest weeks” as the cast and crew said goodbye to each other. Most of Ozark’s production staff had remained with the series since the first season, making the last scenes especially difficult to film. “I feel like Ozark changed all of our lives for different reasons. So when you have a life-changing experience, you're always going to be connected to those people." DON'T MISS:The Flight Attendant’s young Cassie on antagonistic role in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE]The Walking Dead fans convinced of Rick return after Carol exit [THEORY]Reacher season 2: Showrunner teases character returns [INTERVIEW] Julia’s co-star Laura also admitted it was tough to leave her friends behind after sharing the screen for half a decade. “I'm still saying goodbye to people. I'm still picking up the phone and saying, 'How are you doing?'” she recalled. “I hope I never fully say goodbye to it. I hope I'm always connected to these people in a way so that I don't feel like it ever dies within me. I don't think it ever will.” Thankfully, the cast will have plenty of amazing memories from their years on the series to look back on now it’s over. Laura added: “The experience got better and better. That does not happen very often. “I mean, it's so rare that anything comes together as well as this did in the first place. I think it's changed us all for the better.” As fans prepare for another explosive set of episodes from the Ozark team, Julia is already preparing for her next projects, which includes re-teaming with The Assistant director Kitty Green for her next feature, The Royal Hotel. Ozark, season 4, part 2 will be released on Friday, April 29 on Netflix.