Manchester City back-up goalkeeper Scott Carson appears to signal for Atletico Madrid defender Sime Vrsaljko to meet him further down the tunnel in the midst of the post-match free-for-all at the Wanda Metropolitano. The 36-year-old can be spotted wagging and pointing his finger up the stairs while staring at the animated Croatian, who totally lost his rag as the two teams clashed on their way back to the dressing rooms. It wasn't long before footage emerged on TV of the carnage following reports of a rumble after journalists spotted up to eight policemen piling down the tunnel. The tunnel cam video clearly shows Atletico Madrid as the aggressors - namely Stefan Savic and Vrsaljko, who were both out to get Jack Grealish at the end of the first leg at the Etihad Stadium. Grealish had rattled Savic's cage once again, appearing to call the Montenegrin a "c***" following his attack on team-mate Phil Foden in the final minutes of the match. And as the £100million man made his way down the tunnel after City had secured their place in the semi-finals, Savic went after him. Ruben Dias was among those to protect and lead away Grealish, who remained calm before all hell broke loose. It was Vrsaljko who was trying to get to City's players after throwing an object that struck an innocent Aymeric Laporte. But buried in the chaos, fans on Twitter spotted Carson signalling for Vrsaljko to meet him further up the stairs for a sort out. That's when Vrsaljko lost his temper and the right-back would have to be restrained by Atletico players and staff as he attempted to attack both Carson and Kyle Walker. He even appeared to swing his head violently at one point during the footage, although thankfully he was still a considerable distance from the City players. Diego Simeone's side were handed a taste of their own medicine with City's alleged gamesmanship as Pep Guardiola's men ran down the clock to get over the line. But in City's defence, they took some considerable whacks, namely Foden, who saw Felipe handed his marching orders. Raheem Sterling was also seemingly head-butted by Roberto Mancini's former signing Savic. UEFA are now expected to analyse the incidents before deciding whether any action will need to be taken. After the game, Guardiola refused to comment on the mass brawl, stating he had "nothing to say.” The Spaniard also denied allegations from journalists that he'd be disrespectful towards his opposite number Simeone and Atletico. “I have only ever had good words to say about him,” Guardiola said, as City prepare to meet Real Madrid in the last four. “He can play however he wants, of course. I would never say otherwise. All I said was that it is very hard. And they know how to do that better than anyone in the world.”