Prince William and Prince Harry were once inseparable brothers but in recent years, tensions have grown between the two princes. This rift has been particularly prominent since Harry and his wife Meghan Markle decided to step down as senior working royals two years ago. Speaking on CBS Sunday Morning, journalist Tina Brown, whose book titled The Palace Papers is due for release this week, discussed the two brother's rift and the "sadness" felt by Prince William at the loss of his younger brother. Speaking to correspondent Mo Rocca, Ms Brown said: "Harry, for William, was the person who kept him grounded, who could have fun with him, who could make fun of him, you know. "When you are future King, no matter how normal you try to make your life, everybody's talking to you as the future King". She added: "Only your younger brother can really tease you. "Only your younger brother can take you down when you are pompous." The journalist and author said: "I am told that William is grievously sad to have lost that". READ MORE: Kate dazzles as she joins Prince William at Anzac Day Westminster Abbey service - PICTURES Mr Rocca added that out of all multiple estrangements, this one between the brothers "seems like the saddest one". Ms Brown concluded: "It's a very sad thing". Royal experts have claimed Prince Harry and Meghan's decision to exit created tensions within a previously close brotherly bond. In Channel 5's recent documentary 'Harry and Meghan Vs The Monarchy', Dylan Howard, author of Royals At War, said: "William, as a staunch advocate for everything the Royal Family means, is obviously going to be dragged into this.” READ MORE: 'You live in splendour & wealth attained by crime' Blistering Antigua letter to Wessexes The two brothers have not spent much time together in recent years. The last known meeting was in July 2021, when the two joined forces at the unveiling of a statue of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Prince Harry did also join the Royal Family in April 2021, at the funeral of the late Duke of Edinburgh. Previously speaking, Ms Brown has described how Prince Harry and Prince William were "extremely close" until Harry left the Army. She recently told the Telegraph that the relationship between the two brothers is “very bad”. DON'T MISS: Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL] She added: “I’m told there’s absolutely nothing going on between them at the moment". She continued to say that after Harry made the decision to leave the army and lost the military structure that came with it, he was left “rattling around and not really knowing who he was”. During a recently aired interview with NBC Today, Harry was asked by host Hoda Kotb whether he misses his brother [William] and his father [Prince Charles]. The Duke replied: "For me, at the moment, I'm here [at the Invictus Games] focussed on these guys and their families and giving everything that I can, 120 percent to them, to ensure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here, and then when I leave here, I get back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively."