Romi Chase, 29, was living in a four-bedroom home in Miami, Florida, USA for nearly a year when her landlord paid a surprise visit. Under the guise of it being a routine home inspection, Romi says the only thing the man inspected was her body and he confronted her about her work in the adult industry. Former primary school teacher Romi left her home in Poland in 2017 in pursuit of starting a life in America, starting in New Orleans but then moving to Alabama and eventually Florida the following year. She said: "I didn't really have a plan. My degree wasn't worth much so at some point I was broke. "I didn't have my social security number, I didn't have my green card or work permit so I had to hustle. "I started doing side gigs for fetish sites and glamour photoshoots and boudoir. I never considered that to be something I'd be doing full time." Her plus-size modelling career, selling glamor and fetish photos and making adult videos for OnlyFans, skyrocketed, so by January 2020 she wanted to move to a larger home in Miami. In November 2021, her landlord phoned her to tell her he needed to come by to do a home inspection. Romi said: "He actually didn't inspect anything, he walked in and paced around and I'm like 'ok what's happening?', he wasn't actually looking at anything. "All of a sudden he's like 'I found you on Instagram', I'm like 'oh, OK'. I didn't think much of it because, whatever, my Instagram is public, if you find me you find me. "Allegedly he found my OnlyFans, you can clearly see it is an adult site so he probably got a pretty good idea of what I was doing. He gave me a sort of attitude, you could see he didn't like this. "At first I was like maybe he's an older guy and doesn't understand it, but I really didn't think much of it. It's a legal job, I'm paying taxes, I have registered as a small business. "I wasn't going to waste my time trying to explain myself, I didn't have anything to explain. He announced it and kind of stormed out, he wasn't too pushy or aggressive he just was kind of cold." READ MORE: 'We must ban boilers to force public to switch to £10,000 heat pumps' After 15 minutes, the landlord, who Romi estimates was in his late 50s, left, leaving Romi feeling very confused and hurt. She said: "I was just weirded out, I didn't even know what that was about - why are you confronting me about my job? Would you confront a lawyer or a job? "When I moved in he knew my finances, he was aware of the money I was bringing in and he didn't ask me about anything." A few weeks later, the influencer received a letter from the landlord informing her that her monthly rent had been increased from $2,300 to $4,800. She said: “It’s an 120 percent increase during a time when people are just barely surviving, leaving me in a bad spot to say the least.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: More red tape causes pet chaos as EU slaps UK owners 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed Michael Portillo rages at Archbishop over Rwanda comments The notice required her to pay up or move out within 60 days, and since her lease had a 60-day notice period, this forced Romi to make a decision on that day or lose her deposit. She said: “I thought this was insane, none of this was in the initial lease that I signed. When I contacted a few lawyers I was told he was within his rights, in the state of Florida there is no regulation on rent hikes. “My landlord knew I was an immigrant, he knew my finances and quite frankly I felt targeted. I was upset, this was just very chaotic and hectic time." She immediately contacted her landlord, but she said he was “dismissive and cold” when she asked him why he didn’t mention her imminent rent increase when he visited her for the inspection. Romi has since moved to Las Vegas, Nevada as she had heard other performers in her industry lived there, and is paying reasonable rent. It comes after a police office was found guilty of gross misconduct after posting paywalled pornographic images of himself online to raise money for a hair transplant. Harry Edwards, 25, based in Watford, failed to declare to his chief constable that he was making money on the side from his OnlyFans account, where he offered pay-per-view pictures and videos of a sexual nature. The officer, who was employed by Hertfordshire Constabulary before resigning last September, told a misconduct panel he had planned to use the money he earned from his side hustle for a hair transplant to remedy his receding hairline. Mr Edwards said he had tried to preserve his anonymity by using a face-modifying application to alter the photos. However, Mr Edwards was recognised by an acquaintance who viewed the pornographic content and reported it to the officer's superiors.