Some may see it as football heritage, some may see it as medieval. Diego Simeone's tactics in the Champions League against Manchester City really did divide opinion. One thing is for sure; his Atletico Madrid team is hard to beat. Manchester City only scored once against them in 180 minutes of football, which pays testament as to how well drilled Simeone likes his team to be. And after being touted for a move to Chelsea on Thursday morning by Jason Cundy following their exit from the competition, fans have been salivating over who he would play if he was to make the switch to London. Express Sport takes a look at an ultra-defensive XI if Simeone was to join the Blues in place of Thomas Tuchel. Goalkeeper: Mendy This is a relatively easy decision to make. Mendy has been in superb form for the Blues recently, despite his mistakes against Brentford and Real Madrid earlier this month. Kepa Arrizabalaga has featured sporadically this season, although he has not had a prolonged spell in the side due to Mendy's brilliance. And with Mendy posing a similar profile to Jan Oblak, Simeone would likely opt for the Senegal international between the sticks. Defence: James, Azpilicueta, Chalobah, Silva, Chilwell Simeone used a 5-5-0 tactic against the Premier League champions, so Tuchel's current five-back defence would fall well into his favour. Reece James and Ben Chilwell would be the preferred choices at wing-back as they are more than capable of supplying an out-ball to Chelsea's players further up the pitch. Elsewhere in defence, Thiago Silva and Cesar Azpilicueta would marshall the back line, barking out Simeone's orders from deep. And Trevoh Chalobah would act as the physicality and pace of the defence should any recovery tackles need to be made.  Midfield: Mount, Jorginho, Kovacic, Kante, Werner This is where Simeone's tactic becomes interesting. Despite having Joao Felix, Antoine Griezmann, Luis Suarez and Matheus Cunha at his disposal, the Argentine opted to use them as wingers in the hope of keeping their shape to nullify City. The players in that role would be Mason Mount and Timo Werner; two brilliant attacking players who are also noted for their work-rate and ability on the ball should they find a gap to counter attack. In the middle, Simeone loves sturdy players who offer teams no way of breaking between the lines to break his team down. N'Golo Kante and Jorginho would act in that role, defensively minded with the ability to break forward if needed. And Mateo Kovacic would act as the link between defence and midfield in terms of keeping the ball. 