The Bolton-based former world champion boxer has scrapped plans to move to London after the terrifying ordeal in front of his family. Masked thieves shoved a gun in his face and snatched his £72,000 watch on Monday night (April 18) while he was staying in the city for a charity event and business meetings. Mr Khan has since criticised the London Mayor for failing to tackle violent crime which he claims has made the city "unliveable". The 35-year-old boxer said he had planned a move to London with his family before the attack happened. But he said there is "no chance" of that happening now. In an interview with MailOnline, he said: "My plan was to move to London later this year with Faryal and the kids but after what happened there’s no chance that we’ll be doing that.  "London is not a place I want to live in anymore. Our plan to move there is not happening. We’re going to stick with living in our home in Bolton and spending time in Dubai." Speaking about the capital, Mr Khan said he's not sure he even wants to return for the "foreseeable future" because of "increasing crime, terrible traffic and it's not safe". He said: "This is no place for me and my family". Turning his attention to Sadiq Khan, he said: "Mayor Khan needs to pull his finger out and tackle the increasing levels of gun and knife crime. READ MORE: Suspect arrested after one man dead and one hurt in double stabbing "He’s making the city unliveable. You can’t drive anywhere, traffic is horrendous and there’s no quality of life. He added: "It’s disgusting what is happening in London and what happened to me. Sadiq Khan is doing a terrible job and this huge increase in gun and knife crime is happening under his watch. It's absolutely disgraceful." Recalling the distressing incident, Mr Khan said he thought he was going to die. He said: "You don’t expect to be robbed at gunpoint, not in London. It breaks my heart to see what is happening in the city. DON'T MISS:Driver told 'it happens all the time' as car stolen at shopping centre [INSIGHT]What happened to John and Anne Darwin's boys? Son 'showed up on set' [COMMENT]Five men arrested after 'rival gang' shooting in broad daylight [ANALYSIS] "People have been contacting me from all over the world to tell me that they don’t feel safe visiting London anymore. Mayor Khan and the authorities really need to do something about this." In a video shared on the boxer's Instagram page, two hooded men can be seen leaping out of a Mercedes before targeting the family. His wife Faryal, who witnessed the incident, said she was "left screaming" as she recalled it was "so, so scary". She added: "To the selfish guys who pointed a gun at my husband’s head and risked everything, risked our lives all for a fricking watch, I say to you: 'Shame on you. How dare you pull that stunt on two parents all for a watch."