In light of the UN Security Council meeting held in response to the tragic events in Bucha, former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott warned that the "big global challenge" that the West is now facing is the “march of dictatorship” across Russia and China. Mr Abbott insisted both powers are threatening everybody’s freedom, not only Ukrainians, as they eye potential chances to expand their influence and territory. Speaking to Sky News Australia, Mr Abbott said: "The big global challenge right now is not the pandemic and climate change. "It is the Moscow-Beijing axis, which we have seen at work on our screen in Ukraine. "Russia and China are transforming the eastern world into a colder, darker, poorer world for everyone”. He added: "The biggest challenge is the march of dictatorship."  According to the former PM, what is currently happening in Ukraine is a threat to everyone’s freedom. Mr Abbott added: “Ukrainians are not only fighting for their own freedom but also for everybody. "Putin wants to recreate the greater Russia”. "Putin wants to subjugate Ukraine, and Poland and the Baltic States are next". READ MORE: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter The warning comes after the UN Security Council meeting held in response to the tragic happenings in Bucha and Putin’s accusation of war crimes. During the UN meeting, President Zelensky joined the meeting online from Ukraine and played images from Bucha. These are reported to be showing images of hundreds of dead bodies lying on the streets of the city with hands tightened behind their back. DON'T MISS: Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [WATCH]'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin [LISTEN]Fury as almost 3,000 council fat cats rake in more than £100,000 [INSIGHT] During the meeting, President Zelensky stated that Russian soldiers are acting just for their pleasure. He referred to the happenings in Bucha, as well as other cities of Ukraine, as acts of genocide. Mr Zelensky reiterated the importance for the West to stand up for everyone’s freedom and to condemn Putin’s war crimes.