Many Brits will see temperatures struggle to enter double digits on Monday after witnessing an Easter weekend heatwave just days before. Some areas could see temperatures between just 6C and 8C.  BBC weather forecaster Stav Danaos noted that Brits will experience a “cooler air mass that will be noticeable” on Monday and added that this will bring “a much cooler start to Easter Monday”. It is possible for some regions to experience one or two light showers and stronger wind gusts than have been seen in recent days. According to WXCHARTS, some regions in the southeast will possibly reach highs of 12C or 13C in the afternoon before dropping away for a chilly night. Mr Danaos said that “temperatures will take a bit of a tumble; in fact we could even see a touch of frost across some sheltered parts of the north and the west".  The Met Office stated that the temperatures will be returning to the usual seasonal average for this time of year with temperatures around 12C. Senior Met Office meteorologist Marco Petagna said: “Tuesday and Wednesday could see a few showers, particularly across the south of the UK. “And then the second half of the week is when we get an easterly wind developing, more in the way of cloud pushing in from the east with some patchy rain but still a lot of relatively dry weather too.” The UK could see highs of between 8C and 10C on Tuesday, with the possibility of patches of rain in some areas. READ MORE: Hero general feared by Putin says Russia will be driven out of Ukraine Mr Danaos said that on Wednesday “high pressure is trying to build in keeping low pressure at bay” and some areas will see temperatures between 11C and 13C. The BBC weather forecaster added: “The best of the temperatures will tend to be throughout central, southern and western areas for the foreseeable future.” However, once again the temperatures could drop off for the evening when temperatures will struggle to get above 5C. DON'T MISS:Was Archbishop Justin Welby right to interfere in Rwanda row? RESULTS (POLL)High cholesterol: Symptoms of high levels may include tendon xanthomas (INSIGHT)Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay (REVEAL)  This cooler weather front is set to continue into next weekend and could possibly last for a fortnight. Mr Danaos added that there will be “fairly benign weather as we move into the weekend." The good news is that with the cooler weather, the pollen levels, which have been high in most areas of the country, will decrease in many areas and will bring some relief to hay fever sufferers. 