Barcelona are reportedly ‘fearful’ Manchester United will launch a big offer for Frenkie de Jong this summer. The Red Devils will be managed by the midfielder’s old boss Erik ten Hag next season as they look to reel in Liverpool and Manchester City. And that’s made bigwigs at the Nou Camp start to panic. Manchester United announced on Thursday that Ten Hag will be taking over as manager at the end of the campaign. And it’s since emerged that the 52-year-old would love a reunion with Barcelona’s De Jong, who he previously managed at Ajax. Now, Sport say Barcelona are ‘fearful’ that United will make a gigantic offer for the Netherlands international when the transfer window reopens this summer. The La Liga giants would, in an ideal world, keep the player at the Nou Camp. But, given their financial situation, Barcelona are ready to head to the negotiating table if United make them an offer they can’t refuse. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The publication says the Red Devils have made De Jong ‘one of their priority targets’ as they plan for the Ten Hag era. The 24-year-old is apparently fully trusted and appreciated by the incoming United boss, who will officially begin working with the club in June. United have decided they’ll make an offer for De Jong to test Barcelona’s resolve. And while the midfielder has a good relationship with Xavi, his close alliance with Ten Hag ‘could change everything’. Barcelona have learned of United’s intentions and know they need to offload a big-name star before June 30 to balance the books. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players And it will take an offer in the region of £63million for them to consider selling De Jong at the end of the season. United have signed five players from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson walked away in 2013. Ander Herrera moved from Athletic Bilbao back in 2014, after Louis van Gaal took charge, and became a cult hero during his stint in England. Angel Di Maria transferred from Real Madrid that same summer but, ultimately, failed to live up to expectations before moving to Paris Saint-Germain. Victor Valdes was also recruited under Van Gaal, though fell out with his former Barcelona boss before being allowed to leave for free. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And United have since snapped up Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively. Meanwhile, Ten Hag has been asked how he’ll manage the big egos at Old Trafford. And he’s insisted he will do everything his own way, saying: “I think so, but I will remain myself in that too. “I will not change my view on coaching. “The material always determines how you play, but I indicate the requirements that come with it and the standards. “I tell who has what task and who does not meet it, will be told that, regardless of who it is. I make no concessions in that regard. “I set requirements in advance about how I want to work. If they aren’t granted, I won’t. “I am ultimately responsible and accounted for the results. I don’t want to be the sole ruler, I stand for cooperation, but control in transfers is a condition for me.”