Vladimir Putin sent a very public message to the rest of the world on Monday as he honoured the brigade accused of committing horrific war crimes in the Ukrainian town of Bucha. Troops in the 64th Separate Guards Motor Rifle Brigade were labelled war criminals earlier this month by the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence, after a series of mass graves were discovered and bodies were found strewn in the street following the Russian retreat from the Kyiv region. In a signed letter on Monday, the Russian President congratulated the unit for their “mass heroism and bravery, steadfastness and fortitude”. The Kremlin denies any involvement in the mass killings, and has made baseless claims that the images of bodies on the streets of Bucha are staged. As Putin’s war rages on into its 54th day, questions are being raised over whether Putin could be ousted from power. Yet unearthed accounts reveal MI6 helped the Russian President during his initial rise to power in 2000. Putin has held the top job in the Kremlin since 2012, and previously from 2000 until 2008. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: US warns Putin STILL has 'significant' weapons Sir Richard Dearlove, head of the Secret Intelligence Service from 1999 until 2004, revealed in 2018 that he had been approached by a senior KGB officer in 2000, just weeks before the Russian presidential election. According to a 2018 report in The Times, the KGB officer asked if then Prime Minister Tony Blair would attend the premiere of Sergei Prokofiev’s ‘War and Peace’ opera at the Mariinsky Theatre in St Petersburg alongside Mr Putin. Sir Richard said: “We had a long discussion in London whether Tony Blair should accept the invitation or not and we decided on balance that this was an unusual and unique opening and we accepted the invitation.” When asked if he had any regrets over having “burnished” Putin’s reputation, he said he was “sure now there is significant regret”. He continued: “But bear in mind that we went through a period when our relationship with Russia was rather positive. “Little things then started to intervene and little things became big things. “We had the issue with [Boris] Berezovsky’s non-extradition; we had the Chechen leader Akhmed Zakayev here in the UK, the Litvinenko murder. “So what had been a good relationship for maybe a year and a half to two years became suddenly awkward and very difficult as the nature of Putin’s regime became more and more evident.” DON'T MISS:Olaf Scholz won't send any more German weapons to Ukraine [REPORT]Vladimir Putin's terrifying warning over World War 3 in 2018 [INSIGHT]Horror as Putin honours soldiers accused of war crimes in Bucha [REPORT] Mr Blair’s trip was an enormously controversial one at the time as Russia was waging a brutal war in Chechnya in Russia’s North Caucasus. The Battle of Grozny was similar in ferocity to the brutal, ongoing assault in the Ukrainian city of Mariupol, and the attacks were condemned by human rights groups across the world. Mr Blair was largely unapologetic, telling the BBC at the time: “The way to conduct ethical foreign policy in these circumstances is to complain about abuses that occur and make sure action is taken. “But it is still right that Britain has a strong relationship with Russia.” The Battle of Grozny saw between 5,000 and 8,000 civilians killed, with the United Nations labelling Grozny the most destroyed city on Earth in 2003. New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) slammed Mr Blair for his visit. Speaking to The Guardian at the time, HRW’s Malcolm Hawkes said: “This is absolutely the wrong signal to be sending, making a private visit to the opera at a time when war crimes are being committed with impunity by Russian forces in Chechnya. “There are mass executions of civilians, arbitrary detention of Chechen males, systematic beatings, torture and, on occasion, rape. “There is the absolutely systematic and rampant looting of Chechen homes by Russian troops; these acts need to be condemned publicly in the strongest terms.” Just two weeks after Mr Blair’s visit, Putin was confirmed as Russian President. He won almost 53 percent of the vote in the first round, though the election was marred by allegations of fraud. An election official told The Moscow Times at the time that sacks of votes cast for Gennady Zyuganov, the defeated leader of the Communist Party, had been removed and burned.