John Whaite and South African dancer Johannes Radebe made history as Strictly Come Dancing's first-ever male pairing. The Great British Bake Off star and Johannes made it through to last year's grand final but lost out on the Glitterball Trophy to EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice. Reflecting on his time on the BBC show, John opened up to Express.co.uk about missing Johannes. John and Johannes dazzled the nation with their dance moves on last year's stellar series of Strictly Come Dancing which saw them land a place in the finale. Despite not winning the series in December, the duo went on to star in the Strictly Come Dancing 2022 tour around the nation. The tour came to an end in February and John has returned to featuring on Steph's Packed Lunch, on Channel 4, as a chef. John, who recently walked the red carpet at the Royal Television Society Awards, revealed he was "pining" for Johannes. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist Speaking to Express.co.uk at the event in London, he said: "It’s nice to be out because we were in our COVID-19 bubbles during Strictly Come Dancing 2021, then the tour came along. "[But] I am pining for Johannes, I am pining for the dancefloor and I am pining for the sparkles and the sequins." However, the chef admitted it was good to be back in a routine and walking his dog. When asked if he has caught up with Johannes, John replied: "I have seen Johannes as he is doing his own tour rehearsal at the minute and it was amazing.  "It made me realise I could not dance, I thought I could dance but when I saw Johannes dancing on his own it was like, ‘Okay that is what dancing is.'" Latin dance champion Johannes' solo tour is called Freedom which sees him delve into classic South African dances as well as the tango. Johannes will be returning to the highly-anticipated 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing which will be broadcast on BBC One later this year. One dancer who will not star in the upcoming series is Aljaž Škorjanec who recently announced he would be hanging up his dancing shoes. DON'T MISS...Strictly finalist John Whaite ‘shocked’ by Aljaž's decision to quit  [EXCLUSIVE]Giovanni Pernice reacts to Aljaž's decision to quit Strictly  [EXCLUSIVE]Strictly Come Dancing Giovanni Pernice returns for its 20th series [LATEST] Speaking out on Aljaž's exit from the show, John said: "I’m shocked because I love Aljaž as he has such great positive energy, he is one of those people who walks into a room and makes every single person feel good about themselves. "Even though he is this great dancer and has unbelievable talent he makes the other person feel loved. "He is going to be missed for sure but I know he will do on to bigger and brighter things. "He’s a superstar so I wish him all the best luck in the world."  The celebrity line-up for the 2022 series has not yet been revealed, but John said he thought his friend and Channel 4 co-star Steph McGovern should sign up for the show. He added: "I think Steph McGovern would be a hit with fans, she can move, I have seen her jive." Steph, who used to work as the main business presenter on BBC Breakfast, is the host of Steph's Packed Lunch. Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will air later this year on BBC One. 