A maternity grant is available to those who are having a child, adopting or becoming a surrogate parent for the very first time. However, for a couple to be eligible for this particular means of support, one of them must be in receipt of benefit payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This support for new parents is awarded and handed out differently depending on where people live in the UK. Residents who live in either England, Northern Ireland or Wales are able to claim a one-off Sure-Start Maternity Grant. People who are eligible for the grant in these countries get £500 for their first child and £1,000 if they have twins. If they already have a child under the age of 16 and have not had twins before, but are preparing to have twins, they will also be eligible for £500. Similarly, if they have never had triplets before but are expecting them, they could be entitled to £1,000 in support. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Meanwhile in Scotland, the support for new parents is separated into three separate grant payments. These include the Pregnancy and Baby Payment, the Early Learning Payment and the School Age Payment. Payment rates are slightly raised in Scotland with new parents getting £608 for having their first child. If the couple are expecting twins, they will be able to get £1,212 in grant financial support.  Furthermore, parents in Scotland who have a child under 16 and are expecting twins for the first time can claim £909. Parents who are expecting triplets for the first time in the country can get £1,212 in support. Those who are eligible claim the maternity grant from 11 weeks before your baby is due. This was extended to 15 weeks before the baby is due in Scotland. Furthermore, they can apply for the grant up to six months after their child or children have been born. Outside of Universal Credit, the following benefit payments from the DWP are also among the qualifying benefits for the maternity grant: