Erik ten Hag may ignore Manchester United insiders’ advice about Cristiano Ronaldo after the blockbuster star scored a Premier League hat-trick against Norwich on Saturday. The Red Devils are widely expected to announce Ten Hag as their new manager.  United signed Ronaldo for a second time last summer after they managed to prise him away from Juventus. And the 37-year-old has found the back of the net 21 times in 35 games. But his impact on the team has come into question at times this campaign due to his low-intensity style of play and his propensity to throw strops. According to the Daily Mail, some at the club feel Ronaldo should be encouraged to leave as he will be unsuited to the pressing style Ten Hag wishes to impose. But Ten Hag himself has yet to decide. United insiders will apparently advise Ten Hag that Ronaldo’s unique personality and demands haven’t endeared him to all his team-mates at Old Trafford. But that doesn’t necessarily mean the incoming boss will get rid of the ace. MUST READ: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'  United’s hopes of achieving a top-four Premier League finish had looked dead and buried after they fell well behind Tottenham and Arsenal in the table. But the north London duo both suffered defeats on Saturday - and the Red Devils took full advantage. Ronaldo needed just seven minutes to put his side ahead against the Canaries after Anthony Elanga had robbed Ben Gibson and teed up the veteran. And Ronaldo doubled his side’s advantage just after the half-hour mark as he headed home Alex Telles’ corner. But Norwich hit back in stoppage time at the end of the first half as Kieran Dowell found himself in acres of space and turned in Teemu Pukki’s cross. The Norwich attackers combined once again in the early stages of the second period as Pukki drew his side level. And David de Gea was then forced into a fine save from Milot Rashica. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal    But Ronaldo had the final say as he found the back of the net with a free-kick to ensure United bagged all three points. And following the match, Ronaldo took to social media to give his thoughts on his hat-trick. “Very happy with this win and for getting us back on track in the Premier League,” Ronaldo wrote on Instagram. “Like I said before, individual achievements are only worth it when they help us reach our goals as a team, and the 60th hat-trick in my career is so much more important because it brought us the 3 points. Well done, lads, tremendous effort from everyone. We’re not giving up, we’re fighting until the end!”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here