Piers Morgan is back on screens next Monday with his new series, Uncensored, on TalkTV. The former Good Morning Britain presenter chatted to Lorraine Kelly about kicking off the series with a heated, 75-minute interview with former US President Donald Trump, before the conversation quickly turned to his infamous walk-out from the ITV studios in March last year. Lorraine argued Piers hadn’t fallen victim to cancel culture when he returned to the ITV studios on Thursday. The ex-GMB presenter received considerable backlash from viewers and co-host Alex Beresford for storming off after his comments about Meghan Markle were challenged. Piers claimed: “If you give this cancel culture mob a bone, they’ll take it and they’ll still try to crush you.” Lorraine interjected: “But you’re not cancelled, though! That’s the thing. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ “People say that you’re cancelled; you’ve got this massive show coming up. Sharon Osborne’s going to be in it!” Piers compared his situation to former X Factor judge Sharon, who was fired from her role as presenter of The Talk in March 2021. Her 11-year stint on the US chat show came to an end after an on-air argument in which she defended Piers’ right to criticise Meghan and Prince Harry. She will join Piers on TalkTV this year for her own discussion show which will debate the day’s hottest stories. Although both presenters have been given new platforms to express their opinions, Piers claimed he has still been cancelled by GMB’s producers for his views. “Lorraine… Lorraine,” he interrupted. “I do [have a new show], and I’m thrilled and excited about it. “But I was cancelled from Good Morning Britain. Because I didn’t want to leave, and I was told I’ve got to apologise or leave. “That is what cancel culture is. Sharon Osbourne was cancelled from her show, simply for saying I had the right to an opinion.” DON'T MISS:Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INSIGHT]NCIS LA theory: Callen betrays Kilbride to unearth past [THEORY]Outlander boss teases more time-travellers after Wendigo twist [SPOILERS] Piers’ row with GMB co-host Alex kicked off after he maintained he “didn’t believe a word” of Meghan’s testimony against the Royal Family during her interview with Oprah Winfrey. Alex then called his behaviour “pathetic” and “diabolical” when Piers walked out of the studio during the live broadcast. However, Piers claimed the reaction had gone too far, using his frequent clashes with Lorraine over the years as an example. “Society’s got to get a grip of this,” he continued. “We’ve got to get to a view… you and I have argued about so many things over the years.” “And yet we’ve stayed great friends, loyal friends. We help each other, we’re loyal, we have fun together. And I’ve always respected your right to vehemently disagree with me about issues. “I respect your opinion, but we should be allowed to have different opinions. And this ‘woke mob’ have decided only their opinions can be tolerated. “And if you deviate one iota from it, then you will have to be destroyed. They’re not liberal, they’re a new type of fascist.” Piers concluded the interview by jokingly storming out of the ITV studio a second time, leaving Lorraine laughing after another encounter with the divisive TV presenter. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Piers Morgan Uncensored premieres Monday, April 25 at 8pm on TalkTV.