Max Verstappen has blamed Red Bull and Mercedes for letting his battle with Lewis Hamilton spill out of control. The reigning champion said the conflict between the two teams played an “important role” in last year’s battle. Speaking to La Gazzetta dello Sport, Verstappen spoke openly about the battle with Hamilton months on from edging out the seven-time champion. He said: “I think in the fight between me and Hamilton, the conflict between Red Bull and Mercedes also played an important role. In addition to everything that happened during the championship, that also inspired the confrontation on the track." The seeds of the impending battle were sewn as early as the first round as the pair battled for victory in Bahrain. The rivalry soon spilled over as both were desperate to get a foothold in the championship. READ MORE: George Russell shoots down Lewis Hamilton rivalry fears The pair had heated battles at the French and Brazilian Grands Prix with the rivalry culminating in the controversial Abu Dhabi Grand Prix finale where Verstappen secured the crown. But, tensions reached boiling point at three events after crashes at the British, Italian and Saudi Arabian Grands Prix. Verstappen addressed the three shunts, warning he was not scared of hurting himself during the intense battles. The Dutchman claimed he was “only focussed on winning” and added he never sought help from anyone else throughout the battle. He explained: “Things don't work when you have fear. I never thought about the risk of hurting myself. I was only focused on winning. DON'T MISSVerstappen at fault for difficult start as Red Bull chief shifts blame [INSIGHT]Marko admits Hamilton worry despite saying Red Bull on different level [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen labelled Lewis Hamilton's 'heir'  [COMMENT] "I knew very well what to do and I didn't need help from others. The experience gained from the previous years in F1 made sure that the best Max emerged." Ahead of the new season, Hamilton addressed the battle with Verstappen as he branded the Red Bull star as “ruthless”. He said: “We have a lot of common in a sense of how much we love doing what we do and driving, then on the other side we're ruthless. He is ruthless, I am. We are fighters out there, there's no friends on track. It's like when you go skiing, there's no friends out there." When discussing the collisions last season, Hamilton added: ”Some days we get it right, sometimes we get it wrong. But I think what's really important is that we're human beings and that we do keep respect."