US President Joe Biden had previously indicated that any use of chemical weapons by Moscow in Ukraine would provoke an “in kind” response from Washington. However, the White House is arguing caution, emphasising that the use of chemical weapons remains unverified, with officials clear that they don’t want to escalate the conflict further.  An “in kind” or proportional response from Washington implies that the US or their Ukrainian allies would use chemical weapons themselves against Russian forces, reports state. It has been suggested that the US and its allies may impose further sanctions on Russia or increase military equipment sent to Ukraine. The US has banned all imports of Russian oil and gas while countries that rely on energy from Moscow in the European Union, such as Germany and Hungary, are under pressure to do so too. There are those in Washington who hope that the confirmed use of chemical weapons in Ukraine would provide the impetus for Brussels to push ahead with a ban.  However, it is first necessary to ascertain that chemical weapons have been used with the claim coming from the Neo Nazi Azov regiment which has been fighting Russian forces in the Donbas since 2014 and has since been incorporated into the Ukrainian military. Azov claimed that Russian troops dropped a chemical weapon from a drone in Mariupol on Monday which poisoned at least three people. US officials are, however, sceptical of Azov’s claims as they are concerned that the far right group may be keen to provoke a larger confrontation. According to experts, preliminary assessments could be made using photos or videos should they exist while teams of US or other Western experts could be sent in to investigate. READ MORE: NATO country poised to supply Ukraine with Russian-built jets  Ukraine also has the option of inviting the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, a global watchdog headquartered in the Netherlands, to send a rapid-response team to the site for investigation. Officials have warned that verification will be difficult just as it was in Syria in 2013 following accusations of the use of chemical weapons. A European official told POLITICO: “There’s no independent verification in that area, so it’s likely to be a long time.” There are a “host of difficulties” in verifying the claims, a senior US defence official told reporters on Tuesday. DON'T MISS:  Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as close ally 'cuffed and dressed up' [REVEAL] China secretly sends massive arms shipment to Serbia [INSIGHT] Putin turns on OWN men - 'Stalinists' jailed with 'knives really out' [SPOTLIGHT]   They continued: “These are difficult things to prove even when you are more proximate, and we are not.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky did not confirm chemical weapons had been deployed during his Monday address, but did say he took the recent threat of their use in Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists “as seriously as possible”. 