Police have issued a new update regarding the case involving Gogglebox star Ellie Warner’s boyfriend. Yesterday, West Yorkshire Police confirmed they have spoken to the driver of the car during their ongoing investigation, as they explained that "the driver was questioned" after the incident. The update follows an original statement issued at the time, which read: "The pedestrian remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital and enquiries into the incident are ongoing." Last month, police stated that Nat "remains in a critical but stable condition" after he reportedly suffered from a broken neck and two collapsed lungs during the incident on Friday, March 18. Girlfriend Ellie, 31, understandably hasn't appeared on Gogglebox, alongside her sister Izzi, since Nat was rushed to hospital and is set to miss the rest of the season. The Yorkshire-born star has appeared on the award-winning Channel 4 show since 2015. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies laughs off 'hooker dress' criticism "Ellie has been told to take all the time she needs - everyone on the show is hoping and praying Nat will be ok," a source told the Daily Star last month. It has also been reported that Gogglebox have paid Ellie her £1,500 show fee in full to put her mind at rest about money, amid the ongoing circumstances. Nat was reportedly knocked down by a white car shortly after midnight on March 18, after meeting friends for drinks at a pub in the Halton area of the city. West Yorkshire Police confirmed the road in Halton, Leeds, was cordoned off on Saturday morning. Ellie is yet to comment on Nat and his recovery – but has reportedly "barely left" his side since he was hospitalised. “Ellie has been bombarded with messages of goodwill from other Gogglebox stars, they are a really close-knit group, like a family," a source of the channel told The Sun. “Ellie has been overwhelmed with the support. It means a lot to her." DONT MISS:Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!'(PHOTOS)'Your dad just got annoyed!' Piers Morgan blasts Trump's son (NEWS)‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories (LATES) Ellie has also received plenty of support from her devoted fans. Last week, during the most recent episode of Gogglebox, fans expressed their sadness at Ellie's continued absence, but sent their good wishes to both her and Nat. One person tweeted: "I do miss Ellie and Izzi... hope Nat's ok #Gogglebox." A second echoed this as they wrote: "I miss Ellie and Izzi I hope Nat is ok #gogglebox." Meanwhile, a third tweeted the sisters' account directly, stating: "Hope your boyfriend gets better real soon." “Channel 4 take duty of care really seriously," a source revealed to the aforementioned publication. "Obviously Ellie and Izzi are two of the most loved regulars on the show but it wouldn’t be right for them to have to film a light-hearted show when Nat is in such a critical condition. “Producers have made it clear there is no pressure to return to filming and they can take all the time they need."