Depending on the size, redecorating a bathroom can cost hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Essex-based 32-year-old mum and social media content creator, Abi Hugo, started sharing her love of interiors by selling wholesale interiors products on her Instagram page in 2018. Speaking to Leader Doors, Abi who has acquired over 111,000 followers for her upcycle tips and budget renovations on Instagram, shared how she transformed her dated bathroom into a timeless sanctuary in 24 hours for under £30. Describing her property as “modern chic”, she said: “Within interior design, I really appreciate organic styles and fibres by adding natural elements within your space to create texture within your home. “I love to add a modern twist on classic style with my love of neutrals but adding contrast with black accents really elevates the space.” The DIYer used clever upcycling hacks and shopped pre-loved furniture to renovate the entire bathroom without breaking the bank. She explained: “This transformation was definitely up there as it made a massive difference to the room that I just felt was very boring and not very pleasant to start with. “I also upcycle furniture as well, so within this room, I got my favourite furniture flipping.” READ MORE: DIY homeowner uses clever Dunelm trick to transform stairs for £117 With time of the essence, Abi dedicated one day to really give the room some serious TLC. She said: “The whole transformation only took 24 hours, because when I get hooked on an idea and I see it in my head I just have to get it done. “It just started with me painting the radiator, and seeing how it goes, and then one thing led to another and I kinda didn’t go to bed till like 2am in the morning.” Although Abi loves the luxury look, she is all for a bargain, and always thinking of new ways to give old things new life. She explained: “The renovation was basically free! DON'T MISS: Window cleaning: How to achieve 'streak-free' windows - ‘magic’ [COMMENT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [EXPERT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [TIPS] “I used leftover stuff from the other rooms that I upcycled in my house, so that includes leftover wood and paint. “The only thing that I bought was the peel and stick floor tiles from Dunelm which were £14 a pack and I brought 2, so just under £30. “I am all about the budget renovation!”. Abi’s main sources of inspiration come from Pinterest and browsing interior stores when it comes to solidifying her ideas, as well as upcycling. She stated: “If you can find a theme for your house, and find a colour palette you love and want to run with, just like if you were building a brand, and if you think about the colour palette for your whole house, then your house will flow and which was how I was able to use leftover paint because rather than going out and buying a new tin, you can just reuse paint, wood and decor from all over the house to pull it all together so it flows really nicely. “Use Pinterest for a mood board because it will really help you solidify what look you are going for, and help you plan before you dive in. “Also, I would say research is key, look into your interior style, and if you come across a product you love like a lamp or something, one of my top tips is to use Google Reverse Image Search, where Google will reveal all the places the product is found, and you might be able to find the product cheaper somewhere else.” Whether other homeowners are planning a home renovation or currently renovating, Abi suggests sticking to a theme and utilising what you already have. She said: “I made sure I kept soft, neutrals in my paint colours throughout. I chose to use wood as accents to make my wall a feature, so when doing this, I added leftover wood around my mirror which was very quick to do.” “I don’t want to waste anything, so for me, it's always like what have I got to hand. “Layering textures is something that makes a fantastic impact to a space, so for me, I brought pampas grass from outside to implement character into the room. So dried grass, warm neutrals, soft organic linen is the style, and accents of black with painting things like the pipework black.” The DIYer also shared tips for those thinking about following in her footsteps. She said: “Just have fun with it! Paint can always be painted over so don’t overthink things. “With DIY, as it's such a step-by-step process, you can’t really go wrong, because if it were to go that way you'll notice before you get to the next step, so just have fun with it and try things!”