In a bombshell new book, royal author Tina Brown said the Monarch believed that as a toddler, William was a cause for concern. The Palace Papers book, written by Tina Brown, features interviews and information from more than 120 insiders and sources from inside the palace walls. It describes the upbringing and young lives of Prince Harry and Prince William. In the book, Ms Brown claims that growing up, William was not such an easy child and his grandmother, the Queen was reportedly concerned about his behaviour. The royal author wrote: "As a toddler, he had been a cause of concern to the Queen when he showed signs of being a brat". Her Majesty is also understood to have complained about the Duke's unruly behaviour to her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh.  According to Ms Brown, the Queen used to tell Prince Philip that William was "out of control and needed a stricter nanny". She described how the Queen was "not amused" when William used to regularly say, 'when I am king, I am going to make a new rule that..." A previous book written by royal biographer Katie Nicholl entitled 'William and Harry' highlighted how the Royal Family used to worry about the young prince's boisterous behaviour. In the book, Ms Nicholl's wrote: "Diana and Charles became alarmed that the rumbustious William needed more discipline. READ MORE: 'Leading lady' Meghan Markle 'hated every second' of Royal Family tour “The Queen was increasingly aware that her grandson misbehaved." According to the biographer: “Mealtimes were an ordeal and would frequently end up with William throwing his supper across the table and being banished to the nursery by his exasperated parents.” Similarly, Harry and William's old protection officer, Ken Wharfe, recalls the two princes' naughty antics as children. He said the boys' would sometimes team up to punch him in the head and groin during playful wrestling matches. DON'T MISS: Prince Charles’ ‘estranged relationship’ with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]WW1 wreck of lost Royal Navy ship FOUND after 100 years [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry urged to ease 'palpable tension' with Cambridges [ANALYSIS] Writing in an article for Daily Mail, Mr Wharfe recalls: "As a royal protection officer, guarding the young princes and their mother, Diana, with my life, I came under frequent physical attack. "And it always started the same way: there'd be a knock at the door of my room in Kensington Palace and two small voices would pipe: 'Do you want to fight, Ken?" But not all were as lenient with the brothers. Mr Wharfe remembered one of the boys' police officers leaving the role and telling his replacement "good luck" and that if William and Harry had been brought up on a council estate "they'd have been taken into care by now".