Gone are the days of the iconic red, white and blue Union Jack dress worn at the 1997 Brit Awards, as it appears Christian Horner’s wife, Geri Halliwell, 49, hasn’t worn any colour in years. Her sartorial choices are much simpler these days and allow her to take time to focus on other things. Nowadays, Geri, who is married to F1 boss Christian Horner, always wears white. Opting for a “uniform” style wardrobe, Geri favours wearing white, whether it’s on the red carpet at film premieres, when making speeches, or even at home in the family’s sprawling mansion. The star said she enjoyed wearing neutral cream tones and white clothing in an interview. She seems to be avoiding colours altogether when it comes to the style choices she makes. READ MORE: Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' The former Spice Girl hasn’t worn more than one colour in the past few years, with the exception of some advertisements, and the Spice Girls reunion tour where she donned bold colours again while on stage. Last spotted wearing colour in her day to day life in early 2019, the singer, famously known as Ginger Spice, seems to have retired coloured attire from her wardrobe, even at red carpet events. In 2021, Geri wore a stunning Marilyn Monroe-inspired gown to a star-studded event at the Carrousel du Louvre. Geri attended the event with her husband Christian, who is the Team Principal of Red Bull F1. This weekend, the Australian Grand Prix will be taking place in Melbourne. Geri and Christian usually attend these races together. Speaking to The Sun last year, Geri explained how wearing only white makes things “really simple” and compared her wardrobe to a “school uniform”. She said: “Everything becomes really simple. “I like the colour, and it's like wearing a school uniform as an adult. DON'T MISS:Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [LATEST]Brooks Koepka's fiancée Jena Sims in caddy outfit ahead of the Masters [UPDATE]Rory McIlroy smiles with wife and daughter before 2022 Masters [NEWS] “It matches with everything and I literally don't have to think in the mornings. She added: “It's great for busy people - it kind of looks like you've made an effort when you haven't.' Prior to her decision, Geri would often wear bright colours. One of the last times she was seen in a non-white outfit was in April 2019 when she posted a photo of herself wearing a blush pink top, black trousers and trainers.  A source said: “Geri has led a very colourful life, but earlier this year she decided she wanted her clothes to become more muted. “She loves white clothes - she thinks they look sharp, clean and ladylike. “And she has told her stylists to only bring her white outfits from now on.” 