Parliament's Independent Expert Panel concluded that Mr Byrne had "abused his position" after "ostracising" a member of his office staff between March and July 2020. The MP for Birmingham Hodge Hill was found to have cut all personal contact with the former assistant after an office row.   The senior Labour MP is set to be suspended from the Commons for two days. A former cabinet minister, Mr Byrne has apologised for his conduct against the former staff member, David Barker. The MP said he was "profoundly sorry". Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, Kathryn Stone, upheld a single allegation of bullying against Mr Byrne following a complaint made under Parliament's Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS).   The independent expert panel that considered the punishment for Mr Byrne said the MP abused his position of power. It said he "sought to present his actions as a reasonable HR strategy" but panel members disagreed. The report said: "It was bullying". It continued: "He should, as he now accepts, have tackled any misconduct through a proper disciplinary process not by ostracizing the complainant".  READ MORE ABOUT A GARDEN CENTRE WORKER 'SACKED' FOR NOT COVERING PINK HAIR    The panel recommended Mr Byrne should be suspended for two sitting days on condition he also make a written apology to Mr Barker and that he should undertake training on top of taking action to address the causes of his behaviour as well as weaknesses in the management of his office. Mr Byrne said in a statement: "Two years ago at the beginning of lockdown, following a workplace dispute that led me to send the complainant home... I did not resolve the dispute correctly with a proper disciplinary process, and having nevertheless extended the complainant's contract, thereby failed to fulfil my obligations as an employer and Parliament's Behaviour Code. "This constituted an ostracism which was a breach of Parliament's Behaviour Code which I strongly support, and caused distress for which I am profoundly sorry. I have apologised in full to the individual concerned. "I'm incredibly grateful to the panel for recognising the genuine remorse I felt about the impact on the individual concerned, the steps I have already taken to ensure this never happens again along with the work still to do, and for concluding that I did not deliberately act to delay the investigation.  DON'T MISS: Steve Coogan’s Scottish Independence U-turn laid bare [REVEALED] Woman's surprise as 'Purebred French' puppy grows into different breed [LATEST] Non-binary garden centre worker 'sacked in row over pink hair' [REPORT]  "This has been a valuable lesson for me and one I am determined to learn as me and my team seek to offer the best possible service and voice for the residents of Hodge Hill." A spokesman for the Labour Party said: "The Labour Party fully supports the recommendations of this independent report, including the proposed sanction." Mr Byrne served in former Prime Minister Gordon Brown's cabinet from 2008-10 as Cabinet Office Minister and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. On leaving a position at the Treasury after the 2010 election brought the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats to power, Mr Byrne left a note to his successor saying: "Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam".    Mr Byrne was Labour's candidate for the 2021 West Midlands mayoral election. Despite telling Sky News he would beat Tory rival Andy Street easily, Mr Byrne lost the election by more than eight percentage points.  News of Mr Byrne's conduct comes as the Conservative Party's chief whip said a Tory MP who allegedly watched pornography in the Commons chamber should face an independent investigation. Chris Heaton-Harris called for the case to be referred to the ICGS.   Rachel Maclean, Home Office minister for safeguarding women, called for the MP to be expelled from the Conservative Party, saying the alleged behaviour was shocking and unacceptable. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the MP should lose the whip and could face sanctions including the prospect of a by-election if they were found to have watched pornography on their phone in the chamber. Mr Heaton-Harris called for the independent investigation after allegations about the unnamed MP surfaced during a meeting of Tory MPs at Westminster on Tuesday. A spokeswoman for Mr Heaton-Harris said: "Following allegations of inappropriate behaviour in the House of Commons the chief whip has asked that this matter be referred to the ICGS. "Upon the conclusion of any ICGS investigation the chief whip will take appropriate action."  