Motorists were battered with the biggest monthly increase in fuel prices last month despite the Chancellor announcing a 5p duty cut, the RAC said. Pump prices rose more in March than in any previous month since the RAC began monitoring in 2000. Experts said the cost of filling a family petrol car is now a third higher than a year ago, while diesel costs 40 per cent more. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: "This Easter - traditionally the biggest getaway time of the year on the roads - is shaping up to be the costliest on record for drivers and there's very little they can do to escape the high cost of filling up." Mr Williams said March will "go down in history books" as one of the worst months for pump prices. He said: "To describe the current situation facing drivers at the forecourt as 'bleak' is therefore something of an understatement. "Without question, these figures show in the starkest possible terms just how much fuel prices are contributing to the cost-of-living crisis which will be affecting households up and down the country." The average cost of a litre of unleaded petrol went up by 11.62p to end the month at 163.28p per litre - the largest increase the RAC has recorded in a single month. The average price of diesel rocketed by 22.06p a litre, peaking at 179.9p on March 23, ending the month at 177.29p. Just 3.7p has come off the price of petrol since the 5p fuel duty cut was announced by Rishi Sunak. Mr Williams said: "Drivers might well be feeling aggrieved that the Chancellor's 'historic' fuel duty cut announced in the Spring Statement just two weeks ago has done nothing to protect them from price increases. "A 5p cut in duty should, in theory, have led to a 6p cut in prices at the pumps as a result of the Government taking less VAT - but that is on the basis that wholesale prices stay still, which is hardly ever the case, and retailers passing on their reduced costs to drivers fairly. "The fact pump prices have fallen so little reflects the fact that the cost to retailers of buying fuel had been going up ahead of the Spring Statement. "Had the Chancellor temporarily cut VAT rather than fuel duty on fuel, as we asked him, the impact on pump prices would have been immediate with drivers benefitting straight away. "Cutting VAT would also have gone some way towards shielding drivers from future increases - something a cut in duty just can't do." The RAC suggested people seek out the cheapest petrol stations and drive efficiently to make every pound spent on fuel go as far as possible. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps admitted on Sunday that rising costs of living are "very substantial". He hinted more support to ease the burden of rising household bills could be on the way, adding that "given the Chancellor's record, I'm sure he'll always be looking what else he can do" to help. Since the start of the pandemic, the fortune of drivers has taken a sharp turn for the worse. The crash in the demand for fuel badly disrupted the energy market. As the global economy tried to recover, oil supply failed to catch up and its cost has taken off. The war in Ukraine sent that into overdrive. Meanwhile, the pandemic has led to a severe decline in competitiveness of the road fuel market. Remember the days when a substantial drop in the oil price led to a supermarket price war? They are gone, bar a one-off when the Chancellor cut 5p off fuel duty. Then drivers saw a glimpse of how it was - stores and some other retailers racing to pass on the cut. However, the full 5p hasn't shown itself in the UK petrol price average. Diesel is a different matter: wholesale costs remain high. Little wonder sales of new electric cars are more than twice that of new diesels. So, with inflation hikes, the raising of the home energy cap and council and other tax increases, the squeeze is at breaking =point for many. If you have to drive to your job, compensation can only come by cutting back on food, other spending and home energy costs. Even in November, when new pump price records started to be set, 43 per cent of AA members were cutting back on car use, weekly shopping or other spending. On road fuel, look at Northern Ireland. It's the cheapest in the UK - and it has a consumer watchdog with bite: consumercouncil.org.uk/fuelpricechecker/tool Jack Cousens is Head of AA roads policy