In the latest worrying events, six hospitals urged patients to stay away from A&E except in "genuine, lifethreatening situations". And a major ambulance trust declared a critical incident in the early hours after a surge in callouts. There were 16,587 Covid patients on wards in England yesterday, the highest level since mid-January and almost double a month ago. Only two-fifths were primarily due to infection - but all must be isolated from other patients with strict control procedures.  Dr Layla McCay, director of policy at the NHS Confederation, said: "The urgent and emergency demand has really increased and of course everybody's working very hard on the elective backlog. On top of that we now have this huge amount of Covid circulating and that is disrupting services. All of those things are creating a bit of a perfect storm." Around five million people are thought to be suffering Covid so having just 20,000 hospitalised in the UK showed the vaccines are doing their job, Dr McCay added. But she said: "You have to nurse them in particular ways. All of that reduces capacity for other things." Pressures Staff shortages are also adding to pressures, with more than 65,000 off work at acute NHS trusts in England at the end of March, including 24,000 absences linked to Covid. This was down from a peak of more than 94,000 in early January. Dr McCay warned all this threatens to put the brakes on efforts to clear the backlog of six million people waiting for planned treatment. She said: "Across the whole country the NHS is making good progress on the elective recovery and they are working incredibly hard. "The frustrating thing is when we see high levels of Covid, that has the capacity to derail a lot of progress and really set back the service." Dr McCay added that with other important news dominating headlines, the public may be lulled into a false sense of security with the virus.  See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest She said: "Covid is very much a problem - higher than it has been in the whole pandemic. "The Government needs to be clear and honest about the extent to which Covid is causing disruption." Six hospital trusts in West Yorkshire and Harrogate - serving more than 2.5 million people - issued a joint statement on Tuesday warning that patients were waiting up to 12 hours to be seen in A&E. The West Yorkshire Association of Acute Trusts, representing them, said attendances were up 14.2 percent compared with the same week last year and urged people to only come in "life-threatening situations". In February, a quarter of 460,000 patients admitted to hospitals in England via emergency departments waited more than four hours before a decision was made to admit them. Some 16,404 patients waited more than 12 hours. The Royal College of Emergency Medicine said this was the second highest figure since records began. South Central Ambulance Service (SCAS) declared a critical incident yesterday after a surge in callouts. The service, which covers seven million residents across Berks, Bucks, Hants, Oxon, Sussex and Surrey, asked the community to only call 999 in a serious emergency.  Patients who did not require an emergency response were being given advice and asked to make their own way to hospital. Saffron Cordery, deputy chief executive of NHS Providers, said trusts across the country were "under enormous strain". But she added: "Thanks to mass vaccination we're not seeing the high levels of serious illness and deaths we've seen before. Covid-19 hasn't gone away. We're very concerned about the real pressures across the whole health and care system." An NHS spokesman said: "If you have a health concern, please come forward for the care you need and if invited get your vaccine at the earliest opportunity." Demand on our health service has risen significantly in recent weeks and it shows no sign of abating any time soon. Exhausted teams continue to do their best to provide patients with the care and treatment they need but in parts of the country demand is once again pushing them to breaking point. With one in 13 in England infected and nearly 20,000 in hospital with Covid, the Government's "living-with-Covid" plan has shown itself for what it is: simply a plan for living without restrictions.The rising rates, particularly concerning in older people, and mounting pressure on frontline providers show that this is not sustainable. We're already seeing multiple care providers declaring serious incidents and if Covid numbers don't start to fall quickly, this could be the tip of the iceberg.  The Health Secretary has commissioned NHS England to produce a long-term workforce plan, which is welcome, but it is also set against 110,000 NHS vacancies compounded by high staff absence due to Covid. The Government must level with the public about what the health service can achieve. The health service has been making good progress on the waiting list backlog but we need Government to be clear about both the Covid and non-Covid related demand, the pressure this is exerting and how that affects what the NHS can do. If "living with Covid" means the virus spreading at anything like the high levels we have right now, there will be a direct knock-on effect on tackling waiting lists. The public needs to be aware of this. *Dr Layla McCay is the Policy Director at NHS Confederation 