As ABC’s crime-comedy drama The Rookie approaches its season four finale, fans got a chance to see the cast reunited away from the set and on The Kelly Clarkson Show. As they shared laughs with the songstress host, Nathan Fillion recalled how the iconic Barbra Streisand crashed a key milestone.  In celebration of her 40th birthday, Kelly Clarkson had begun celebrating the major milestone throughout the week on her TV show. On Friday, the host was surprised with a birthday party organised by the crew which included appearances from her childhood best friend and musician Rick Astley. To top it off, the cast of her “favourite shows on television” The Rookie, showed up to help Kelly celebrate her 40th. As well as the lead actor Nathan Fillion making an appearance, he brought along his co-stars Mekia Cox, Alyssa Diaz, Melissa O’Neil and Eric Winter. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew In keeping with the theme, the guests discussed the celebration and individually shared memories from their most memorable birthday. Alyssa Diaz, who played Angela Lopez, recalled her 30th and shared: ”My favourite birthday was when I turned 30, my grandmother had recently passed and I heard this word I’d never hear before ‘Hyperion’ and thought ‘Wow I'm going to look this up.’” She continued: “Hyperion is one of the tallest redwood trees and for that birthday I found it. “But you have to geo-locate it and it's not on a trail so I was wading through the river, totally clear you can see all the way to the stone and carrying my sack on my head.”  After Kelly quipped about the actress’ taste in adventure, Nathan also shared his most memorable birthday. He disclosed: “I had gone nearly a decade without having a party, I’d forgotten and someone ‘It’s time you have to have a party now.’” To which Kelly spouted: “It's kind of stressful.” In agreement, the actor responded: “It can be, but I had someone say ‘I’ll take care of all the arrangements,’ and I rented a restaurant and had like 350 people there.”  DON'T MISS...The Rookie season 5 Will there be another series? Has it been renewed? [INSIGHT]The Rookie theory: Nyla Harper set for split heartbreak after clue [THEORY] The Rookie season 4 fans left fuming over format change in Real Crime [REACTION] “Barbra Streisand showed up,” Nathan revealed. As the studio audience roared with amazement, Kelly shared she had the same birthday as the legendary singer. At which Nathan added: “Happy birthday Barbra.” Going into detail, he continued: “Her wonderful husband [James Brolin] played my father on Castle, so he was invited and brought along his lovely wife.”  Thankfully for fans, The Rookie has two more episodes before its finale which is expected to air on May 15. However, in even more great news, viewers will soon be seeing more of the cast as the network renewed the series for another season. This was only to be expected as, according to Deadline, the current run maintained a steady following after recording 2.8 million viewers for its premiere. Nathan celebrated the announcement on Instagram with a statement which stated: “I couldn’t be more proud of what we have accomplished with this show.” The Rookie season 4 continues Sunday on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK. 