The Duke of Sussex did not shy away from a joke while taking part in a Dutch programme to promote the Invictus Games, which this year are set at The Hague. Prince Harry appeared on NPO, a Dutch public broadcasting organisation, alongside two veterans. The joke was put in motion by Harry as competitor Bart van der Burg was having makeup applied to his forehead. Referring to the veteran's lack of hair, the Duke quipped: "You've got a lot more to be done there." Grinning, the veteran replied, referring to his hairline: "It's also empty when she is done [with make-up]" The other person taking part in the chat broadcasted on Dutch TV then chimed in and, gesturing at his hair, said: "It's not going to take a long time before I..." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Speaking about his own hair loss, Harry then joked: "But you are slower than me. I am already... I am doomed!" To which the other TV guest replied: "We are having the same barber, I guess". Harry then cracked up laughing when van der Burg added: "We call it a 'bird's nest'." Prince Harry isn't the only member of the Royal Family to have joked about his thinning mane. READ MORE: Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan In 2017, while out in London for a visit to Spitalfields Crypt Trust, a charity supporting people with homelessness and addiction, the Duke of Cambridge shook hands with two hairdressers working at a barbershop near the organisation's headquarters. Joking, he told them: "I don’t have much hair, I can’t give you much business". And three years prior, Kate hit out at William's thinning hair during their tour Down Under. After being shown how to shear an alpaca, Kate reportedly suggested her husband should use some of the wool as a toupee. The Cambridges' tour guide Lyn Cregan said at the time: "The princess said [the Duke] should put some on his head. "She pointed at him and said 'You need it more than me'." William reportedly laughed along with his wife at the joke. Prince Harry spent the past week in The Netherlands to take part in several Invictus Games events. The Duke founded this tournament eight years ago, aimed at raising the profile and visibility of ill, injured and sick veterans and service personnel as well as highlighting the healing power of community and sports. Since 2014, when the first Games took place in London, this project has been an international success. Over the past week, the Duke has taken part in several events and was seen cheering for athletes, playing table tennis and chatting with fellow veterans. His wife Meghan Markle was also with him during the first few days of the Games. Having the Duchess of Sussex at his side during the Games "means everything" to Harry, as he revealed in an interview with People magazine. Indeed, the Games have marked important milestones in the couple's relationship. In 2017, they decided to make their first official appearance together at the Toronto Games while in 2018, at the Games in Sydney, they had just announced Meghan was pregnant with Archie. Harry said: "I had always wanted to share these incredible moments with someone special, and to have Meg by my side means everything. "Last time we were at the Games was in Sydney in 2018, when we had just announced we were pregnant with Archie. "So the Games are important to us for many reasons, and they're anchored to very pivotal and sentimental moments for us as a couple. I am an incredibly lucky man to have her as my wife."