Simon Cowell will make his TV comeback on Saturday night as Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV. The music mogul will be joined by his fellow judges David Walliams, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon as they give their critiques on some of the best talents the UK has to offer. Hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly will also be back to front the ITV variety show. Season 15 has been a long time coming as fans have had to wait two years for BGT to make its return. The 2020 series was won by singer and comedian, Jon Courtenay, who was Ant and Dec's golden buzzer. Simon decided to cancel the show last year due to the coronavirus pandemic. It was also the year, the 62-year-old was due to make his TV comeback following his bike accident in 2020. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait The father-of-one had to have surgery after he broke his back in several places while on his electric bike. This meant, the BGT producer had to pull out of several work commitments, including America's Got Talent. Before Simon's bike accident, the judge was in the process of changing his diet and lifestyle following a fall at his house in LA. Simon collapsed and fell down the stairs, which is when he decided to turn his life around. In order to embark on a healthier lifestyle, Simon cut out red meat, dairy, sugar, bread and gluten from his diet. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press ahead of BGT's launch night, Simon gave an update on his health and diet. "I still cut out where I can, the sugar, the dairy and the gluten," Simon began. "And you know, that has made a difference. "And ironically, I was out on my bike a lot as my kind of exercise. I go out and I do about 10 to 11 miles every day." DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg'  [VIDEO]Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Ben set kitchen alight in baking mishap [NEWS] He continued: "Even though it's an E-bike I have it switched off and then when you need it, you put it back on, but it's the best way to exercise because it's fun. "So it's a combination of all that kind of stuff, it gives you energy and makes you feel better. "I looked at a picture of myself about four years ago, I mean Christ, on the diet I used to have, and everyone thinks I've had a gastric band, [which] I haven't." Turning to his attention to why he decided to cancel BGT last year, Simon admitted his decision was made at "the last minute". He went on to express his "nervous excitement" about the show making a return on Saturday. "We had to make the decision very late when we pulled the show that year," the former X Factor judge said. "So, it was really last minute and so we had to deal with that. "And then there was a kind of nervous excitement about coming back, but I've got to be honest, it did feel different. "Maybe because we've been off-air for a year, maybe because we had an audience, all those kinds of things we took for granted. "It felt fun actually, I’ll tell you what it felt like, almost like the first or second year I made the show, a very similar vibe to that." Britain's Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.