Sharon is a chemical-free gardener who uses organic methods to keep her garden looking beautiful. As many British gardeners look to move away from chemicals, with slug pellets recently being banned in the UK, she shares her tips for keeping slugs out of the garden without the need for them. She runs @beforeandaftergarden, where she shares her insights. Sharon told Express.co.uk: "I don't use any chemicals. I try to work without them. "So, if I know a plant is susceptible to slug damage, I'll grow in containers instead. "All my hostas are now in pots and have ended up making a rather lovely display." Containers can be easily modified to protect from slugs. READ MORE: How to kill slugs: Gardener's easy tip to 'keep the population down' also benefits gardens There are a number of ways of modifying your containers to deter slugs. Copper Copper is thought to discourage slugs by reacting with their slimey stomachs. This is said to produce shocks, which the creatures don't like. Gravel Slugs' slimy tummies are sensitive. They do not like to climb over rough materials. This includes gravel, which can be arranged around the bottom of the put to deter slugs. Scraps Leftover eggshells can be left around the bottom of the container to deter slugs, much like gravel does. Cofee also deters slugs, because it is scratchy and caffeine is toxic to slugs. Other plants Slugs are deterred by the smell of some plants. Arranging sage, rosemary, or garlic around prize plants can keep slugs away. DON'T MISS'The battle with slugs!' Gardening guru's 'barrier' tip to prevent [INSIGHT] 'Only thing that works': Garden guru's best method to kill slugs [EXPERT] 'Organic product' to deal with slugs - 'it made a huge difference' [PESTS] When it comes to growing plants from seed, Sharon keeps seedlings away from the mouths of greedy slugs. She said: "When growing flowers from seed I ensure that they are a decent size before planting in the borders to try to minimise the damage." "In addition," Sharon said, "we have a wildlife pond designed to attract plenty of slug munching creatures such as birds, frogs and toads." A number of animals will kill slugs for you naturally if your draw them into your garden. Birds, toads, and hedgehogs all eat slugs and snails as part of their diet, so creating habitats for them in the garden. Birds Attract birds to your garden by setting up bird feeders and providing fresh water in a birdbath. put up birdhouses on trees so birds have a place to nest. Be careful to arrange these bird-friendly items out of the way of cats. Toads Toads can be brought to your garden with a pond. These creatures love moisture, and need somewhere cool to rest, like under rocks. It is easy to buy or make a toad house, where these animals can rest out of the heat of the sun. If you are lucky, toads will love your pond so much they will decide to leave their spawn in it, and bless your garden with toads for generations to come.  Hedgehogs Cute and spikey, hedgehogs are among the most charming of native British creatures. Hedgehogs like long grass and a quiet place to hide in the garden. You could try building them a hedgehog house to live in. Leaving food out can also tempt them, but be careful not to leave milk or bread. Hedgehogs love cat biscuits and meaty cat or dog food.