Ukrainian officials have warned that Russian tanks could have disturbed radioactive soil by digging and laying landmines during their occupation of the area surrounding the Chernobyl nuclear plant. Russian President Vladimir Putin’s troops seized control of the power plant — site of the world’s worst nuclear disaster — at the end of February but left last week. Yevhen Kramarenko, head of the agency in charge of the Chernobyl exclusion zone, this weekend said Russian troops may not have been aware of the dangers of the area. He urged authorities to check for radioactive waste and radiation in the Kyiv region, adding that there could be a “serious radioactive problem”. The official, internationally recognised death toll from the 1986 disaster is just 31. But the UN predicted in 2005 that 4,000 might eventually die as a consequence of the radiation exposure. While the first explosion occurred at 1:23am on April 26, 1986, residents in the nearby city of Pripyat did not know about the blast for 36 hours. READ MORE: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians They had been kept in the dark, as had much of the world. A new Channel 4 documentary, ‘Chernobyl: The New Evidence’, reveals how the Kremlin sought to bury any news of the blast to protect itself. Russian embassy officials told the CIA at the time that there were casualties, but the situation was under control, sparking scepticism from American officials. A top-secret CIA memo had predicted the political fallout for the Soviet top brass. It read: “If there is widespread death, illness, and dislocation, this event will be a severe psychological blow to the Gorbachev regime and its gospel of optimism, even if the economic effects are limited.” Professor Serhii Plokhy, a Russian-born Ukrainian historian at Harvard University, told the documentary: “The report was very insightful, they were talking about the impact on the Soviet economy in general, and on the Soviet standing in the world. “The fact that they were silent for three days was one more proof for people like myself, who lived at that time in Ukraine, that of course they are lying.” Chernobyl was at the centre of global headlines within three days, much to the Kremlin’s dismay. DON'T MISS:Putin’s military regroup doomed over failures in Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE]Putin slept with shotgun in St Petersburg after 'violent' USSR fall [INSIGHT]Putin's war crimes 'warrant more severe response': 'No need for trial' [EXPERT] Evacuation had begun some 36 hours before the Soviets formally acknowledged that there had been an accident at the plant. Swedish scientists had detected radiation that had come from elsewhere, and inquired whether there had been an accident within the Soviet Union. Moscow initially denied it, only to backtrack when the Swedes suggested they were about to file an official alert with the International Atomic Energy Agency. Western media outlets reported on the state of affairs, and spy satellite images gave US officials the first glimpse of the devastation wrought by the disaster. However, the Soviet news blackout meant Ukrainians could only trade rumours of what was really happening, and Mikhail Gorbachev’s regime acted swiftly to shut the rumours down. Newly uncovered KGB files reveal the Soviet government ordered May Day celebrations to go ahead in Kyiv, as Prof Plokhy explained: “The Soviet government was trying to project the picture that everything is under control. “For the TV, for the cameras, the people and their health was certainly expendable.” KGB files later revealed the costumes worn by those involved in the parade contained high levels of radiation, and needed to be destroyed or decontaminated. General Mykhailo Zakharash was the officer placed in charge of the Ukrainian KGB at the time, and admitted he had warned the Kremlin about the risks of the parade, but saw them dismissed. He said: “I knew this was a real catastrophe.” The same parade went ahead in Moscow’s Red Square, unaffected by the radiation levels as Soviets launched a last gasp bid to manipulate the weather and prevent the nuclear fallout from reaching the Russian capital. ‘Chernobyl: The New Evidence’ is available on All4.