The Duke of Sussex, speaking on NBC’s Today whilst in The Hague, said he was making efforts to see the Queen surrounded by the “right people” so she is “protected”, then sidestepped question about whether he missed his brother, Prince William, and father, Prince Charles. Reputation Management Consultants chairman, Eric Schiffer, described how the remarks could have been destined for Firm staff “trying to create lacerations to his and Meghan’s brand”. He said his “strong” stance is likely reflective of varying expectations from a British public versus an American audience. He told Newsweek: "His desire to call out those close to the Queen who are not serving her is a direct shot at Buckingham Palace advisors and those that he may see as trying to create lacerations to his and Meghan's brand.” He added it “was again a boundary that he wanted to put in place”. He continued to say that Harry likely “felt strongly about”, and that “Americans like figures who are going to take a stand”. Mr Schiffer claimed: "In this case, he's pushing back because he's saying it's interfering with his ability to connect and relate to his family. “That, I think, will serve him and certainly his relationship with the Queen." Just before arriving in the Netherlands for the fifth Invictus Games, Prince Harry and wife Meghan stopped off in the UK to pay a visit to the Duke’s grandmother, the Queen. It was the first visit Meghan has made to the UK since she and Prince Harry renounced royal duties and relocated to her home state of California in March 2020. READ MORE: Earl and Countess of Wessex's Queen Jubilee trip to Grenada cancelled It is only the third time Prince Harry had made the trip back across the Atlantic, as the Duke looks “to Americanize himself in a way that is both authentic but also down to earth”, according to Schiffer. The Duke commented that it “was great” to be reunited with his grandmother after the extended time apart. He told NBC: “It was just so nice to see her. “She's on great form. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry NOT welcome back in UK: ‘NO, NO, NO!’ – POLL [REVEAL] Inside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Montecito mansion [INSIGHT] Royal LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's US interview [LIVE] "She's always got a great sense of humor with me and I'm just making sure that she's, you know, protected and got the right people around her." Speaking in the Netherlands’ Invictus Games, Prince Harry dodged a question on whether the rift between himself and his family was playing on his mind. He responded: “At the moment, I'm here focused on these guys and these families and giving everything I can, 120 percent to them to make sure that they have the experience of a lifetime. “That's my focus here." Mr Schiffer described this response as highlighting “a modern-day cold war”, partly attributed to how the experience of integrating Meghan into the royal fold influenced his wife. He said: "This continues to leave that relationship at a critical and asphyxiated level where he views them as having hurt and caused pain to him and lacking in empathy for his situation. "I don't think you're going to see any material change to that relationship. “While it won't turn into a blood bath, it's a modern-day cold war, in part because of how it's affected his relationship with the Queen but also the impact on Meghan."