Arsenal right-back Cedric Soares claims that Takehiro Tomiyasu has been fit recently but just not selected by manager Mikel Arteta. Tomiyasu has not featured for Arsenal since January due to calf problems. Gunners boss Arteta has insisted in recent weeks the Japan star will not be rushed back. But he is said to be close to a return for the trip to Crystal Palace on Monday night. Cedric has impressed at times in the 23-year-old's absence. He says he is not afraid of the competition Tomiyasu will provide him. However, the Portugal international has also said that Tomiyasu has been fit but Arteta has preferred to pick him instead. Asked who will play when Tomiyasu is back, Cedric told Sky Sports: "This is a question for Mikel. I will do my job and Tomi will as well. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick explains four demands he’s made as Glazers face crunch time  “He was fit in the last one or two weeks but the coach kept me on the team. So it’s his [Arteta’s] call in the end. “I’m not afraid of competition. If you look at my career, you can see the number of big names I had in front of me and sometimes I turned it around and sometimes I didn’t. "Now at Arsenal we have two or three options in every position. Normally, the team benefits from it. If you have two players fighting for one position, the level of improvement becomes higher for both. It's as simple as that." DON'T MISSChelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling [OPINION]Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]Tottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP]  Former Southampton star Cedric knew Tomiyasu was being signed as a starter last summer. But he insists he is good friends with his rival. He added: "Me and Tomi are good friends. We try to help each other on the pitch. Before the game, I sometimes help him when I'm not playing. Sometimes he helps me. "When he came, of course I knew he was going to have these opportunities [to start] - that's why he came in the first place! What's important is that me and Tomiyasu have a natural, positive relationship and we both want to help the team in every moment.  "He's a fantastic guy, he's young, so he has also a lot of room to keep improving. I'm there to help him and that's what I'm trying." Cedric's claim that Tomiyasu has been fit disputes the quotes of Arteta at his press conference last week. Arteta said: "I think it will be close. He’s been training more and more. "He has the boys back now, so he will be joining some sessions this week, and let’s see how it is. He had a recurring injury, but in the other calf, which was strange and difficult to predict."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here