Mike Parry and Nichi Hodgson joined Rosie Wright and Stephen Nixon on GB News on Monday to discuss the morning's papers. One of the topics up for discussion was Priti Patel's recent condemnation of "selfish" fuel protestors and while Mike agreed with the Home Secretary, Nichi did not. Nichi argued: "If they don't protest will there be a planet for anyone to live on in the next 20 years?" Stephen interjected: "We haven't actually got fuel shortages at the pumps at the moment." "No we haven't," Mike remarked. "Unless they're made by these people. These people are starting shortages." "No, we haven't got a shortage but we've got a relinquishing of fuel because of the crisis," Nichi said. Read more: 'See you later!' Vernon Kay walks off This Morning after cooking jibe Interrupting, Stephen said: "I'm just very aware that what we don't want to do is start a panic." "People going out at four o'clock in the morning trying to fill their cars up," Mike noted. "These nutters," he continued. "We should do something about them." "Do what?" Rosie asked and Mike answered: "Introduce laws to stop them doing what they're doing. "They tried to do it in the last parliament and ran out of time. "But they're going to introduce something called the locking law and that refers to people attaching themselves to the roads or locking themselves to railings." "It's not fair...," Mike said before Stephen interrupted him: "What about the suffragettes?" "The suffragettes did that," the host pointed out. DON'T MISSGB News guest slams Rishi Sunak's wife following tax pay U-turn [VIDEO]GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal [INSIGHT]Adil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy  [INTERVIEW] Mike hit back: "Hang on the suffragettes were fighting for a very valid course." "Well yes so you can't blanket ban it, can you?" Stephen remarked. "These people are fighting for a lost cause," Mike fumed. Nichi argued: "They're not, they're fighting for the future of the nation." Rosie noted: "One of the headaches is the protesters are prepared to go to prison." "The problem is when they go to prison they stay for about five days, walk out and go back on the protest," Mike quipped. Nichi disagreed: "I don't think it would work anyway Mike because if you're committed to a cause that much you will do your time in prison." GB News begins with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.