During the week-long trip, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. While the trip saw some controversies, the Duchess of Cambridge maintained her composure as she completed the tour with a cheerful smile on her face.  However, royal expert Katie Nicholl says these tours are often a “wrench” for Kate and there is always one thing about them she finds difficult - leaving her children behind. For their journey to the Caribbean, their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis stayed at home. Ms Nicholl told Closer magazine: “I remember being with her when we were on a tour together in Bhutan [in 2016, when Princess Charlotte was just 11 months old] and we had a moment to talk about how difficult it was to leave little children behind. “Despite being the Duchess of Cambridge and being able to afford around-the-clock nannies and so on, she had her mum looking after Prince George and Princess Charlotte, which struck me as just really normal.   “I could see how much comfort and confidence that gave her in getting on with her job, which she does brilliantly, but I think it is always such a wrench for her to leave her children behind.” Reports said that Kate remained a hands-on mum while on her eight-day royal tour of the Caribbean with husband Prince William. According to People, Kate had been battling jet lag and “was up at dawn sending messages back home organising Prince George and Princess Charlotte's after-school activities.” The royal children attend Thomas's Battersea, a private school in London.Princess Charlotte started in September 2019—she's now in Year 2—and Prince George is currently in Year 4.  READ MORE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen While at a reception at Cahal Pech in Belize, Prince William said he's been keeping their eldest, George, in the loop. He said: “We let them know where we are and he finds us on the map and puts a pin in it and shares it with the others.” Kate was reunited with her little ones last Sunday on Mother's Day - and has no doubt spent quality time with them since. And during her latest royal appearance, Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey, she even brought George and Charlotte with her.  DON'T MISS:London to witness coldest April in 70 yearsGermany left scrambling as Putin cuts off Gazprom gas supply Putin nuclear threats cause US to cancel ballistic missile test It is the most high-profile royal event by far that the two youngsters have attended, with William and Kate keen to give them and younger brother Louis as normal an upbringing as possible. This means that their public appearances have so far been few and far between. However, now they are getting older, there have been signs that both youngsters, especially future king Prince George, are now being primed for royal life. 