Pensioners are the most likely to be losing out on vital Government help according to Age UK. More than three million (3.4 million) pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which is available to Britons who have reached state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. While Britons are struggling to survive amid the cost of living crisis, campaigners are highlighting that £15billion is wasted in unclaimed benefits every year. Millions of people are missing out on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance could make a huge difference in someone’s life as the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) give successful claimants £388 a month. All benefits are increasing by 3.1 percent in a couple of weeks which will add up to an extra £145.60 a year for people who receive Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons warned of 'important caveat' when legally reducing bill There are two different rates for Attendance Allowance which are awarded depending on the amount and type of assistance claimants require. The benefit currently offers £89.60 for those on a higher rate and £60 for anyone receiving a lower rate. People who need help or supervision throughout both day and night could get the higher rate of £89.60. The lower rate is provided for those that need "limited" supervision or care during either the day or night. Britons are encouraged to fill out the form to claim what they are entitled to, as Attendance Allowance is not just financial assistance. As well as Attendance Allowance, many people with long term health conditions do not realise that they could be entitled to £7,296 a year in Personal Independence Payments (PIP). While almost half a million (400,000) aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance which is also worth £292 a month. Some pensioners say the benefits process puts them off applying for help. Some pensioners say the benefits process puts them off applying for help. More than half (58 percent) of claims for Attendance Allowance are rejected. People can ask Age UK and Citizens Advice for help with the benefits process. To check eligibility for all DWP benefits, people can go to Gov.uk where there is a handy benefits calculator.