Your mattress is likely a much-loved item of your home, a place you visit every evening to rest and unwind. However, unlike other areas of the home, mattresses often get forgotten about when it comes to deep cleaning. According to Steve Adams, CEO at Mattress Online, there is a vital reason why you may want to consider giving your mattress a good clean "every six months" at the very least. He told Express.co.uk: "Over the years mattresses can accrue a lot of dirt and grime. "In fact, after seven years, your mattress will absorb an average two full bathtubs of bodily fluids and around three kilograms of dead skin." The expert added that you should never simply rely on how your mattress looks to determine whether it is clean or not. READ MORE: Three signs you have carpet beetles and how to get rid of them He explained: "Even if the mattress looks clean to the eye, our mattresses can harbour thousands of dust mites and dead skin cells, which can aggravate allergies and result in a generally unhygienic mattress over time. "Regular mattress cleaning will help to keep it in good condition and reduce the unwanted build-up of bacteria, dust mites, and dead skin cells and improve your overall sleeping experience by keeping your bed fresh. Though cleaning your mattress can seem like a daunting task, Mr Adams shared some "cost-effective" and rather "easy" tips for cleaning your mattress. Before taking on the deep clean, Mr Adams said there is one straightforward 20-minute task that can help keep your bed fresh. DON'T MISS Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean wooden blinds with socks [COMMENT]Weed killer: Why baking soda is ideal to banish weeds cheaply [INSIGHT]How to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow [EXPLAINER] He explained: "We’d advise airing your mattress each morning by throwing back the bed sheets for at least 20 minutes, which will allow the air to circulate and help excess moisture evaporate." Investing in a mattress protector can also extend the time between cleans. Mr Adams said: "A mattress protector can be a great addition to your bed to help keep the mattress in good condition. "It’s also a cost-effective and easy way to keep your mattress clean as the protector can be simply taken off and washed like bedding. "It’s also a good idea to vacuum the mattress every time you change your bedding to avoid a buildup of dirt and dust." When it comes to the deep clean, you don't necessarily need to fork out on expensive, specialist products. In fact, according to the expert, some of the essentials to keep your "mattress smelling fresh" might be tucked away in a kitchen cupboard. The Mattress Online CEO explained: "A tip to keep your mattress smelling fresher for longer is to mix a small amount of baking soda, water and an essential oil, such as calming lavender, in a spray bottle, and lightly spray the mattress, taking care not to get it too damp." If you notice stains in a specific area, these can also be tackled individually. Mr Adams told Express.co.uk: "It’s possible to spot clean mattress stains, and they are much easier to tackle when fresh. "Simply use a mild detergent, such as the one you already use for your bedding, and mix a small amount with warm water. "Use a clean, damp microfibre cloth to dab the solution into the stain, and take care not to over-soak the mattress. "It is advised to gently dab rather than rub at a stain in order to help lift it as much as possible. Allow the mattress to air dry properly before putting bedding back on."