In the past, Britons have been hit with rising prescriptions costs in April, however this year the £9.35 per item charge has been frozen. If a person is not exempt, they will have to pay £9.35 for each medication they buy. People in England are currently given free prescriptions when they turn 60, while medicines are free to everyone in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. However under current proposals the upper age exemption for prescription charges could be aligned with the state pension age, which is currently 66 but rising. This would mean the free prescription age rises by at least six years from its current level of 60 years old to . Among those aged between 60 and 65, 3.54 million rely on NHS prescriptions. READ MORE: Disability Living Allowance explained as thousands set to move to new benefit  Britons can get free NHS prescriptions if, at the time the prescription is dispensed, they: As long as someone holds a valid maternal exemption certificate, they can get free prescriptions while pregnant or if they’ve had a baby in the past 12 months. They are also eligible - with a valid medical exemption certificate (MedEx) - if they have a physical disability that stops them leaving the house independently, or have a specified medical condition. A MedEx gives people free prescriptions valid for five years, or until their 60th birthday, whichever is first. The medical conditions that warrant a MedEx are: Britons on low incomes or benefits can also get free prescriptions. People are entitled to free prescriptions if they or their partner (including civil partner) receive, or they are under the age of 20 and the dependant of someone receiving: If someone is entitled to or named on:A valid NHS tax credit exemption certificate – if someone does not have a certificate, they can show their award notice. People qualify if they get Child Tax Credits, Working Tax Credits with a disability element (or both), and have income for tax credit purposes of £15,276 or less A valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs (HC2) If people have a low income, they may be eligible to receive financial help through the NHS Low Income Scheme. The scheme covers: People can apply for the scheme as long as their savings, investments or property (not including where they live) does not exceed the capital limit. More details are on the NHS website. The NHS has pointed Britons towards a simple way to find out if they are eligible for free prescriptions or help with health costs. Their eligibility checker, available online, will provide people with the clarity they need on this.