Prince William and Prince Harry have had a rather frosty relationship over recent months, with the brothers dogged by rumours of a feud since shortly after the Duke of Sussex's wedding in 2018. Harry earlier this month faced backlash after claiming he had visited the Queen to make sure she was "protected and has the right people around her" in an apparent jab at the Royal Family. Royal commentator Robert Jobson suggested the comment was "a bit of a wind up" aimed at Prince William but insisted "there is always love there" despite the brothers' distance at the moment. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, Mr Jobson said: "You know with his brother [William] that was a bit of a wind up, to suggest he [Harry] was the special one. "William has a great relationship with the Queen and is very close. "In fact through the years, probably much closer because of the role he is going to play later on in life." He suggested the Queen welcoming the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to Windsor signalled attempts from the monarch to set the example to push William and other members of the Royal Family to seek reunification with the couple. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG He continued: "There is always love there, even if there is dislike or you have fallen out with your sibling. There is that underlying love. "I think there is a lot of testosterone flying around here. The fallout happened when Harry decided he wanted to get married to the love of his life, Meghan. "I think there were issues with William giving him advice he didn't want to hear. "They probably just need, as I am sure the Queen would love, just one moment where they can gel again, have a hug, and then move on." READ MORE: Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ The Duke of Sussex claimed in last year's interview with Oprah Winfrey that the Prince of Wales stopped taking his calls after he confirmed plans he would step down alongside Meghan. He also claimed he was "cut off" financially. Prince Harry has since struck several deals through his and Meghan Markle's Archewell foundation to produce educational documentaries for Netflix as well as podcasts for Spotify. The Duke of Sussex last met with his brother William at the unveiling of a statue in tribute to their late mother, Princess Diana, in July 2021.