Emma Raducanu has suffered a one-sided defeat to Marketa Vondrousova 6-1 6-1 in her second match of the Great Britain and Czech Republic Billie Jean King Cup qualifier tie. It puts Britain at risk as the Czechs take a 2-1 points lead. The 19-year-old was wincing in pain throughout the match and was forced to take a medical time out as former BJK Cup squad member Naomi Broady speculated that she was suffering from more blistering, which severely hampered her Australian Open campaign at the start of the year. Raducanu was back in action for day two of Great Britain’s tie against the Czech Republic after clinching a crucial point for her team on Friday with a 7-5 7-5 win over Tereza Martincova. It was a slower start for the 19-year-old in just her second-ever professional match on a clay court as she quickly went 0-3 down and Vondrousova took a double-break lead in the chilly Prague conditions. The world No 12 managed to get herself on the board as she broke to narrow the gap at 1-3 but the former French Open finalist then won three games on the bounce to close out the first set 6-1 in 26 minutes. Raducanu then left the court for a medical time out before emerging for the second set which appeared to pay off as the Brit managed to set up two break points on Vondrousova’s serve but the world No 32 held on to win a fourth consecutive game. It looked to be all Vondrousova as she broke Raducanu once more but the Czech then threw in three double faults to gift the break-back to the injury-stricken teenager, who looked to be limping around the court and failing to get to balls. With both players now looking flat, the 22-year-old managed to get another break as Raducanu sent a ball wide, wincing in pain during the rallies. JUST IN: Djokovic 'isn't a machine' and has five things to 'recover from'  And it was the first of four games in a row for Vondrousova who sealed a dominant 6-1 6-1 victory in 53 minutes. It means the Czech Republic take a 2-1 lead over Great Britain following the world No 32's victory over Harriet Dart in the first match of the tie on Friday. The 2020 French Open finalist managed to break Raducanu's serve seven times throughout the match in what was some kind of revenge for when the Brit defeated her in the Wimbledon second-round last year, when Raducanu was the 338th-ranked wildcard. It will now be up to Dart to keep her country alive in the qualifier tie against Tereza Martincova, Raducanu's victim in Friday's match, unless captain Anne Keothavong changes her pick for the second singles match. DON'T MISSDjokovic questioned over 'curious' decision as he may repeat mistakeDjokovic Monte Carlo conqueror aiming to repeat Nadal achievementsZverev 'shouldn't be on court' in scathing Kyrgios and Medvedev claim  The match also marked Raducanu's second-ever on a clay court at professional level. She was able to win both her clay debut and BJK Cup debut against Martincova but was struck down by what appeared to be foot blistering against Vondrousova. The world No 12 is set to play the 500-point tournament in Stuttgart next week in what will be her first official WTA Tour event on the clay but her participation may now be in doubt as a result of more injury issues.