The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped by Windsor Castle to visit the Queen on their way to the Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games, a sporting event founded by Prince Harry for military veterans in 2014. Harry described his visit to the BBC on Monday saying it was “great” to see his grandmother. The couple has been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations but will not have a formal role, according to reports. Palace officials are said to be working on the assumption that non-working members of the Royal Family, including Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew will be invited to some events. If the Sussexes decide to travel to London for the Jubilee weekend from June 2 to 5 they could make an appearance on the balcony and at the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral. MailOnline said that their presence would “mean a lot to Her Majesty” who is yet to meet their 10-month-old daughter Lilibet. However, the move would involve a “leap of faith” from all sides amid ongoing tensions. DON'T MISS: Queen extends major olive branch as Harry and Meghan Markle invited to palace balcony The couple did not attend Prince Philip’s memorial service last month and no reason was given for their planned absence. But their decision came amid Harry’s ongoing legal battle over security arrangements in the UK. He has previously said he wants to bring his children to London but insisted he "does not feel safe" doing so without the protection he seeks. Military historian Christopher Joll told LBC on Sunday that the couple’s visit last week “does pave the way for them coming back for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations”. Camilla Tominey, deputy editor of The Daily Telegraph, said during the same show on LBC: “A celebration of the Queen’s 70 years on the throne should not be the Harry and Meghan show.” A spokesperson for the Sussexes said on Monday that they were not in a position to discuss future travel plans. Before their visit, Meghan had not been to the UK since carrying out their final royal engagements as working royals in March 2020. Harry returned to the UK on two occasions in 2021 to attend his grandfather Prince Philip's funeral and unveil a statue of his late mother Princess Diana. The couple moved to the US after stepping back from their royal duties and are raising their two children, Archie, two, and Lilibet, 10 months, in Montecito, California. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry return to the UK to attend the Platinum Jubilee celebrations? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.