George Russell and Sergio Perez have both been told to "stop whinging" following the return of the Australian Grand Prix. For the first time since 2019, an F1 race took place at Albert Park last week, having been moved back from its traditional place as the season-opener on the schedule. The event was scrapped at the 11th hour in 2020 and then did not take place the following year, both due to he effects of Covid. Because of original uncertainty over what the rules would be in regards to the virus down under, this time around F1 bosses opted to place it behind races in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia in the calendar. It was Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc who dominated the race to take his second win of the season, with Red Bull's Perez second and Russell third. For the Mercedes man, his 15 points represented his highest haul from a single race. But the British driver still wasn't entirely satisfied, citing an exhausting schedule - an argument backed up by Perez. However, Australian Grand Prix Corporation CEO Andrew Westacott has dismissed the complaints, telling Reuters that drivers “have got to stop whinging in some respects." JUST IN: Russian karter, 15, stripped of licence and faces more punishments for 'Nazi gesture' “We’ve proven that we can have success both opening the season and coming in after a couple of races,” Westacott said. “The time for Formula One in Australia is early in the season.” Russell had claimed: "Having Melbourne in between races, especially as a standalone, is too tough for the teams and everybody,” via Motorsport.com. “People came out on Saturdays and Sundays to get acclimatised to the conditions, to the time zone change, and it’s just too much. I think it needs to be thought about more.” Like his rival, a runner-up place for Perez represented his best result of 2022, but he too spoke out on the "painful" nature of travelling so far for a single Grand Prix: "Coming to Australia for a single race is quite painful for everyone”, he argued. "Really has to be back-to-back." DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen has no belief he can beat Ferrari's Charles Leclerc to 2022 F1 titleRed Bull's Helmut Marko takes swipe at Max Verstappen driving style - 'Over the limit'Australian Grand Prix security called out after Alex Albon's last lap pitstop incident The Mexican was backed up by team boss Christian Horner, who said travelling to Melbourne had been "expensive" and meant a 'massive time change" for all involved. Despite the misgivings, with a record 420,00 spectators attending over the three days, F1 chiefs would have noted the public appeal. The next stop for teams and drivers is Imola, with that race taking place on April 24. Russell heads there second in the championship on 37 points, 34 off overall leader Leclerc. 