Three Mobile is giving away a Samsung laptop worth £379 when you sign-up for its fastest broadband package. Three Mobile might be better known for its SIM deals than its home broadband, but this freebie is a great incentive to switch to the brand. Unlike BT, TalkTalk, Sky, Virgin Media and other broadband suppliers, Three Mobile relies on its 4G and 5G network to unlock access to the internet. Your Wi-Fi router is fitted with a SIM card, exactly like the one inside your smartphone, that connects to the mobile network. There are a few advantages to this approach – there's no need for an engineer to be called out to set up your new connection as everything is plug-and-play, and you can move your Three Mobile hub anywhere in the house if you need a stronger signal. Unlike a traditional Wi-Fi router, Three Mobile customers can unplug and take their broadband hub with them. As long as the SIM card inside the broadband hub is getting a strong signal, it will beam out Wi-Fi for all of your devices. For example, if you need a strong Wi-Fi signal at the bottom of the garden for an afternoon barbecue, you can take the Wi-Fi hub from your living room to the patio, before moving it back inside at the end of the day. Likewise, if you're visiting a friend who hasn't got their own home broadband connection, you can take your Three Mobile Wi-Fi router with you. Three Mobile offers home broadband powered by both its 4G and 5G network. For those who don't know, 5G provides much faster download speeds and lower latency. Three Mobile's 5G network has a maximum download speed of 1Gbps – that's 14x faster than the average home broadband speed in the UK. However, there's no guarantee that you'll be able to get download speeds of 1,000Mbps with your Wi-Fi hub as the speeds available vary based on network coverage. You can check the 5G coverage from Three in your area here. READ NEXTBest UK Broadband Deals Still, 5G should reliably provide enough bandwidth to stream Netflix series in crisp Ultra HD 4K picture quality to your new laptop, make video calls and collaborate on documents with friends and colleagues without a hint of buffering. Another benefit of 5G networks, which are slowly rolling out across the UK, is the fact these connections are less prone to congestion whenever there is a large number of devices in a small area. Unlike 4G, which can struggle in these situations – such as festivals or gigs, there should be no drop in performance on 5G. For those relying on 5G for their home broadband, that should be reassuring. Those who want to bag a free Samsung Chromebook 4+ need to opt for the £30 a month 5G bundle, which costs £30 a month. If you want to see how this compares to what rivals like BT, Virgin Media, Sky, TalkTalk and others are offering at the moment, check out our in-depth guide to the best broadband deals in the UK today. The Chromebook 4+ has a sleek aluminium chassis with a "zero screw" design (there are no visible screws holding together the body of the laptop) and an expansive 15.6-inch Full HD LED display. Since this is a Chromebook, it runs the latest version of Google's Chrome OS software, which is based on the immensely-popular web browser that shares its name. You'll be able to use Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides both online and offline, with photos automatically backed-up to Google Photos. You'll also be able to install thousands of Android apps – including games and streaming services like Netflix. Under the bonnet of the lightweight laptop is an Intel Celeron processor. Samsung has also fitted the laptop with powerful stereo speakers and gigabit-capable Wi-Fi to access the fastest wireless speeds available in the UK. Charging is handled via USB-C, which is the same cable used to recharge the latest Kindle Paperwhite, Nintendo Switch, almost all Android handsets, iPad Pro, and MacBook. So you'll only need to pack a single charger for your next trip. Three Mobile doesn't charge an upfront cost for its 5G broadband plan. If you're not fussed about the Samsung Chromebook 4+, you can get the same 5G broadband hub for £11 a month for the first six months, rising to £22 for the rest of your broadband contract.