Lockdowns may have been mercifully consigned to history, but we may be facing a year of travel chaos with swathes of flights cancelled. Experts warn that staff shortages due to lay-offs in recent years and employees catching Covid are likely to result in yet more cancellations. It could be “up to 12 months” before there are enough staff at airports and on planes to cope with resurgent demand. Passengers who booked time off, bought tickets and planned adventures will feel furious if they discover a longed-for trip is no longer possible. We hope the recruitment pipeline will be repaired with urgency. At the very least, airlines need to work to ensure that if they sell a ticket for a flight there is the very greatest likelihood it will take off. Passengers who suffer cancellations deserve support to rearrange their plans. One travel expert described it as a “nightmare situation for airlines and airports”. True, but it is also nightmarish for parents to have to tell their children that travel plans have been cancelled.  It is encouraging that Boris Johnson says Britain is ready to “fix” the problems surrounding the post-Brexit arrangements for the Irish border. Avoiding the return of border checks between Northern Ireland and the Republic was a priority during Brexit negotiations. But there is deep anger in quarters of the unionist community with the Northern Ireland Protocol, which it is claimed has diminished the province’s status as a full constituent part of the UK. In particular, there is concern about obstructions to trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of Great Britain. There are claims ministers are preparing new legislation which would allow the Government to switch off key parts of the protocol. The EU and the UK have been in negotiations for months but no solution has been found. Pressing ahead unilaterally risks igniting an incendiary row with Brussels but maybe the Eurocrats will finally show the required flexibility when they realise that we will not tolerate the status quo.  Photos released to mark the fourth birthday of Prince Louis show this young man of apparently limitless energy having fun on the beach in Norfolk. His maternal grandfather, Michael Middleton, will be proud that he bears such a strong resemblance to him. We are delighted there is every sign he is enjoying a splendid childhood. Whether building sandcastles or visiting royal castles, he is surrounded by a very loving family. 