Police said a driver "almost flew past" them at a ridiculous 148mph. The driver was clocked during a speed check on the A78 in Ayrshire, officers said. They added that nice weather does not justify that speed. The Road Policing Scotland twitter page said: "Nice weather doesn’t mean you can drive at these ridiculous speeds." A 36-year-old man has been reported to the Crown Office & Procurator Fiscal Service, the tweet added. Other motorists tempted to speed were warned: "You never know where our next speed check will be" Ayrshire divisional commander Chief Superintendent Faroque Hussain tweeted after the incident on the A78 between Troon and Greenock: “Faster speeds means greater impacts, simple. Our roads are not race tracks.” READ MORE: New Toyota GR86 sells out in 90 minutes – affordable sports car If you are caught speeding at more than 100mph you can face disqualification of up to 56 days or six points on your licence. You can also be fined up to £1,000 the RAC says. The news comes after another driver was fined for parking on a motorway hard shoulder as they attempted to avoid Manchester Airport parking charges. An apparent attempt to avoid parking charges proved very costly for the driver. DON'T MISSEVs are now much cheaper to own than petrol cars [REVEAL] Most drivers believe they’ve been ‘ripped off’ when selling a car [INSIGHT] UK drivers spent over £18billion on car repairs last year [SHOCKING] The motorist was hit with a fine after they attempted to park on the hard shoulder as they waited to pick people up from Manchester Airport. The driver was most likely trying to avoid parking charges or the traffic associated with the airport. However, their attempt was thwarted after traffic police officers spotted the dangerous and illegal parking. Officers from North West Motorway Police found the car parked up on Friday and hit the driver with a Traffic Offence Report (TOR) that comes with a fixed penalty. In a social media post, the force said: “Driver seen by ME54 stopped on hard shoulder at Manchester Airport waiting to collect people - TOR issued”. Some people responded by expressing shock at the action while others said it was an all too common occurrence. One user wrote: “I just don’t see the point in people parking on hard shoulders, yes I know airport parking can be expensive but I’m pretty sure it isn’t the equivalent cost of the fine unless you’re there all week?!” Another commented: “I drive a bus around the airport and it’s ridiculous how so many people park on the hard shoulder, roundabouts within road traffic cones where the building works happening on the pavements next to the entrance of the bus station need to put some cameras up and get people fined.”