Clean Air Zones are appearing around the UK, as more councils look to reduce emissions in their city, by targeting petrol and diesel cars. Many are looking at the rollout of emissions-based charging zones as seen in Bath, Birmingham and Portsmouth as well as the ULEZ in London. Residents in Bradford can now apply for exemptions for its impending Clean Air Zone, which is due to start in “spring 2022”. Residents and businesses that have non-compliant commercial-type vehicles, such as vans or lorries, for their own private use are exempt from paying a charge and are able to apply. Also amongst those exempt are campervans, motorhomes and horse-boxes. READ MORE: Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine Owners of ordinary passenger cars and motorbikes are automatically exempt, with local businesses being able to apply for up to three vehicle exemptions from CAZ charges. Andrew Whittles, air quality director with Bradford Council, said: “Compared to other places, the council here has managed to secure a more extensive exemptions and grants programme from the Government which means that the majority of local people will not have to pay. “This is possible because around 85 percent of commercial vehicles that are expected to enter the zone will be from outside the district. “The Government has not set a start date for the Clean Air Zone in the Bradford district, but it will be announced soon.” DON'T MISSFurious driver fined £170 for parking in their own car park [SHOCKING]New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [WARNING]'Restricting the freedom of the masses!' Drivers attack 2030 car ban [INSIGHT] Plans to charge polluting commercial vehicles entering Sheffield city centre have been delayed again. The council said a CAZ would not be introduced until next year at the earliest, with smaller, more polluting vehicles set to be charged £10 and larger ones paying £50 a day. The intention was to start charging drivers of taxis, vans, buses, coaches and lorries that do not meet Euro 6 Diesel or Euro 4 Petrol emission standards later this year. It was first announced in 2018, delayed in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic and had been given a new date of 2022. Sheffield has been in breach of the legal limit of nitrogen dioxide levels since January 2010, according to the council. The Government ordered the council to reduce its traffic emissions to legal levels as soon as possible and "by 2021 at the latest". Tom Finnegan-Smith, head of strategic transport, sustainability and infrastructure, said: "The early 2023 'go live' date for the CAZ takes into account up to date timescales associated with the installation of infrastructure, mobilisation and testing to ensure a successful launch.”  Manchester’s Clean Air Zone was originally set to launch in May but was delayed in March because drivers were not able to get clean vehicles in time. Councillors in Wigan are now calling for the town to be removed from the charging zone as their air was already clean enough. One councillor called it an “audacious scheme” and said drivers in Wigan should be protected from the plans. Councillors from the Scottish National Party have pledged to launch a congestion charge in Edinburgh, if they are returned to power in next month’s local elections. A previous version of the scheme was emphatically rejected in a 2015 referendum, with the Conservatives calling the plans “hugely unwelcome”. The revised plans would see only drivers from outside Edinburgh being charged to enter the capital.