Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and his new wife Nicola Anne Peltz-Beckham, 27, married last Saturday in Miami, Florida in an elaborate $3million (around £2.97 million) wedding. Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has slammed the couple's nuptials as "aggrandising" with a backdrop of the "war in Eastern Europe" and the "home struggle to pay household bills" in the UK. The lovebirds tied the knot in a stunning ceremony at the actress's family home in Florida last weekend and the newlyweds have remained quiet about their big day since. The aspiring chef asked Nicola to be his wife back in July 2020, getting down on one knee with a ring believed to be worth around $200,000 (around £153,000). Ulrika has since commented on the couple's lavish wedding in wake of the world's current climate. She believed the nuptials to "grate in terms of social conscience and subtlety". READ MORE: Amber and Johnny's counsellor says she 'would strike him to keep him' Ulrika penned: "While £15million was being spent on a lavish wedding day in Florida, people up and down our country face having to choose between heating their homes and feeding their children. "The wedding was not a bit of me. All that nonsense on a single day, when they could have had something utterly charming at my local pub and helped build a hospital with the rest of the money." She added how this seemed to be a "population on another planet", as people "fight a war in Eastern Europe and others closer to home struggle to pay household bills". Ulrika then stated how she is "not a huge fan" of Brooklyn due to him "getting fame and recognition" due to his father David Beckham. She ended her column for The Sun saying that despite world crises: "people carry on getting married in an aggrandising, boastful, tasteless way". David is a former England footballer, the current president & co-owner of Inter Miami CF and co-owner of Salford City. He boasts a huge following, including over 70 million followers on Instagram. DON'T MISS... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [HEALTH] Demi Rose sets temperatures soaring in eye-popping skimpy bikini [PICS] Tom Hanks brings out iconic Wilson volleyball at baseball game [INSIGHT] In wake of the Ukraine crisis, Nicola put a post on Instagram to offer their support after their wedding. Sharing a stunning snap of herself and her billionaire dad, Nelson, 79, walking arm-in-arm to the altar, Nicola spoke out about her upset over the current crisis in Ukraine. In view of her 2.6 million followers she penned on Thursday: "My dad spoke about this in his wedding [speech] at our wedding. "Me and Brooklyn are devastated about what is going on in Ukraine and have asked for donations to CareOrg in lieu of wedding gifts. "Anything helps", she added. Since the nuptials took place last weekend, the now-married couple have been enjoying married life, taking part in many celebrations. These include a brunch on Tuesday with Nicola's best friend Angela, her stylist Leslie Fremar and their PR specialist Alex Shack. Nicola also shared a picture to Instagram last night of the flip phones that were used at the wedding, after they put a ban on mobile phones. She captioned the picture: "Our wedding phones and the only personal pics we took @brooklynpeltzbeckham."