Tyson Fury has backtracked on recent comments he made about retiring immediately after his fight against Dillian Whyte, but still hinted an announcement will likely come in the aftermath. During the press conference at Wembley last month to help promote the all-British heavyweight clash, Fury announced that he would be hanging up his gloves after the fight.  “This is the final fight of my career.” Fury said. “I’m retiring after this. $150million in the bank, healthy, young, I’m gonna buy a massive yacht abroad. “I’m retiring, I’m out, this is my final fight, I’m done.” He did appear to backtrack on those comments immediately, hinting that he still hopes to fight Anthony Joshua. But Fury has still hinted that he will make a decision on retirement following the fight againt Whyte on April 23.  "I'm only thinking about Dillian Whyte at the moment," he said in Thursday's media conference call. "I'm not thinking about retirement "That'll all come after I've had the fight. We'll think about what's going to happen and what the future holds for me." Fury's dad, Peter Fury, has appeared to shoot down any suggestion his son will call it quits after the fight at Wembley, “Bulls***. Tyson is as mad as a box of frogs, where’s he gonna go without boxing? Boxing’s his life,” he told talkSPORT. “Tyson’s the biggest wind-up merchant in the world, people should know him by now.”  Fury will be putting his WBC heavyweight belt on the line against Whyte in front of a record crowd at Wembley. Over 90,000 fans will be in attendance next weekend with the 'Body Snatcher' hoping to take his chance at becoming a world champion. Whyte beat Alexander Povetkin back in March last year to become the mandatory challenger for the WBC belt. And the 34-year-old is hoping to prove some of his critics wrong when he goes up against the 'Gypsy King' on April 23. "It feels good to be a few days. I am in no illusion of what I am up against but I believe I will go in and beat him. I want to shut a few people up," he said. "I don't care about being counted out. This isn't nothing new to me - family, friends, teachers, journalists have always counted me out. It's nothing to me." 