"Operation Save Boris", as it has become known, is in full swing. Allies of the Tory leader are lining up to defend him from the latest round of mudslinging. Yesterday the Met Police announced they were launching an investigation into claims of illegal activities in Downing Street during the pandemic, while new media reports accused the PM and staff of a birthday gathering in 2020. Since the so-called Partygate scandal first made front-page news two months ago, there have been points when Mr Johnson has looked isolated, abandoned by his own MPs. The normally raucous Conservative backbenchers have sat in silence during PMQs clashes, furious at their leader for claims of rule-breaking. But the last 24 hours have shown Mr Johnson, the man known for his indestructibility, is not going down without a fight. READ MORE: 'Strategic mess’ Nigel Farage unravels the loopholes in Boris’s stand "It was not a premeditated, organised party," Northern Ireland minister Conor Burns said last night about claims of staff gathering on the Prime Minister's birthday. "He was, in a sense, ambushed with a cake." Meanwhile, Sir Edward Leigh told MPs to consider the bigger picture: "When Europe stands on the brink of war and with a cost of living crisis, can we please have a sense of proportion over the Prime Minister being given a piece of cake in his own office by his own staff." And Mr Johnson himself welcomed a police investigation into allegations, saying it would draw a line under the who issue. The Prime Minister and his supporters will need to be even more assertive today and put up the fight of their lives. No one knows for sure when Sue Gray's report into the activities of No10 will be published. DON'T MISSSue Gray report: Five key questions as Met investigation looms [INSIGHT]Boris on the brink: Labour storm ahead in polls after party shock [UPDATE]Boris scandal focus slammed amid lockdown impact fears - 'Insane luxury' [REACTION] But rumours were flying around Westminster last night that it could come as soon as today, maybe landing just 15 minutes before PMQs. Sir Keir Starmer has been almost giddy in his excitement at the report, calling Mr Johnson a "national distraction" for alleged parties - even before finding out if Ms Gray has found any evidence the Prime Minister was responsible for wrongdoing. Whether the report lands this morning before the two leaders clash at the dispatch box, later in the afternoon, or even if it is not published today at all, Mr Johnson can expect the Labour leader to go in for the kill at PMQs. The former lawyer is not a natural in the Commons but he has given his best performances while Partygate has dominated the political agenda. He will have spent hours meticulously planning his six questions to the PM, his pre-rehearsed gags, and his punchy attacks. The Prime Minister's own performance could be the make-or-break moment for him. Mr Johnson has built a career on his ability to bounce back when in moments of difficulty. Today the public will see if, like Houdini, he is capable of one final extraordinary act of escape, or if the time is up on his premiership.