UFC 270 kicks off this weekend, with the headline act a blockbuster bout between Francis Ngannou and Ciryl Gane. Ngannou will defend his heavyweight title against Gane - the undefeated Frenchman who holds the interim title. If you're looking to watch UFC 270 then BT Sport will be broadcasting all the action from California. If you want to watch a live stream of the fight, you can find out the best BT Sport deals below... Both Ngannou and Gane trained at the same the same gym in Paris under former fighter Fernand Lopez. But after being guided into the UFC by Lopez's MMA Factory, the pair split up following Ngannou's loss to Stipe Miocic back in 2018. The split was public, with Lopez's other charge - Gane - making his UFC the same year, and has since been undefeated. Gane said he once viewed his role uncomfortably as "the revenge", so there is plenty of history between the two going into the the big fight at UFC 270. If you want to watch all the action online then here's how to tune in...  UFC 270 is being broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport 2 this weekend. Coverage will begin at 1am on Sunday January 23 which is when the prelims are expected to begin. The main card is headlined by the Ngannou vs Gane fight, with the main card expected to begin at 3am while Ngannou Gane should have a start time of 4.30am. BT TV subscribers can watch all the action beamed to their tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 