Now I’m not just writing about Bond to distract you from what is happening in Westminister, although goodness knows we all need a distraction from that, but because as I follow what is happening on the Ukrainian/Russian border I couldn’t help but think of 007! Unfortunately for all of us what is happening is very real. Whilst many in the media commentariat salivate over the latest email and briefing about parties in Downing Street, a very serious situation in developing in eastern Ukraine.President Vladimir Putin has big plans for Russia. We are told he believes in a greater Russia and wants to move back to the borders which were in place before the Russian revolution in 1917 - that of course includes all of what is now Ukraine.Ukraine obtained its independence in 1991 following the dissolving of the Soviet Union. It is a multi-ethnic country, but Russians are the largest ethnic minority in the country. Putin is becoming aggressive around Ukraine as he wants guarantees, he says, that NATO will not expand into it. He has been busy lately as he has also been helping quell trouble in neighbouring Kazakhstan, showing to us all that he is the big brother of the region and flexing his muscles.His stance is causing grave concern around the world and even coached the missing President Biden back to the podium. In his first speaking appearance for 78 days he appeared to say that he would not react to a minor incursion - what!! Even CNN couldn’t quite believe what the American President had just said - almost inviting Putin to invade Ukraine as long as it wasn’t a full-blown affair. His spokespersons have been back-peddling ever since.Thankfully our own Defence Secretary has been much clearer. I have to say while everyone is losing their mind in Westminister about “partygate” both Ben Wallace and Liz Truss give me hope. They have both been positively engaged in this very concerning development and that’s what mature politics is about, getting on with their allocated job -  not obsessing about something that happened two years ago in attempt to get rid of the current PM. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea I like many others tuned in to watch PM questions on Wednesday and frankly I turned it off after the third question from the Leader of the opposition about a party which may or may not have breached covid regulations; rules by the way which he himself may or may not have broken. I think most people are bored of the constant revelations about parties which shouldn’t have happened and they want our politicians to grow up and realise it’s not all about them.There is so much more going on internationally and in our own country which is of importance. As well as the possibility of a Russian incursion into Ukraine, we have the cost of living crisis, the security and cost of our energy, the ongoing migrant saga and of course the perennial NI Protocol still needs to be dealt with in a way which recognises the damage a border internally in the UK is doing.So the next time you feel the need to get rid of our PM over a party he should not have allowed, remember he and his government have much more important issues to deal with. The focus should be on those issues and not who broke Wilf’s swing - let’s leave that to Sue Gray or even 007!