Still, in this age of instant reactions, there are some geopolitical shifts that do require thinking in decades, rather than months and years. Brexit is one such shift. Looked at from this perspective, the Brexit process has only just begun. The mainstream view doesn’t matter; facts matter. Yes, it is not easy for the UK Government to deal with a vengeful EU. The ideologues who dream of United States of Europe, or a Federal Republic of Europe, are furious with London. This dream of a Federal Republic of Europe is strongest in the Federal Republic of Germany, a country whose influence is by far the most pronounced in the Commission and other EU institutions. In recent years, a far-left ideology has permeated these Brussels institutions, with potentially devastating effects on the future of the bloc’s economy. Woke environmental policy is proving a recipe for disaster for European manufacturing, and has led to energy prices shooting through the roof. And no, the EU is not saving the world through its policy either—its share of global carbon dioxide emissions hovers around 10 percent. Chinese, US, and even Indian emissions policy matters far more. The EU is merely engaging in extremely expensive virtue signalling, led by (mostly German) ideologues. As a consequence, the EU will not only miss out on attracting new technologies and investment, but it may kill existing successful industries, such as car manufacturing. Rational, competitive and flexible countries like the independent UK can be far more successful in the coming decades than the ideologically driven EU. Of course, success depends on diligence and hard work, a fact often forgotten in the brave new world of the woke. It is not sufficient merely to imagine a bright future: one must work for it. Much therefore depends on the Conservative government in London. Without the harmful, increasingly woke bureaucracy of the EU, the UK is free to exploit new trade opportunities, attract innovative investments and launch the technologies of the future. The UK has the opportunity to prove doubters wrong. It can show that true conservative principles lead to more a dynamic economy, a healthier jobs market, and greater individual freedom. Though only a few years have passed, we can already see that the UK has escaped a deeply flawed European Union—an EU that is going in the wrong direction, and doing so at an accelerating speed. The abysmal performance of the EU during the Covid pandemic is a symbol of this decay. The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) began the long list of failures by dismissing the Covid threat to Europe—just days before the outbreak in Italy. The European Medicines Agency and the Commission then failed miserably with the vaccine rollout. It was slow, inefficient and lacked transparency. The UK, on the other hand, had a smoother and faster vaccine rollout than the overwhelming majority of EU countries. This success did not go unnoticed. The example of the UK can help those within the EU who still fight for a European Union of sovereign nation-states, a European Union of common sense and rational reasoning. Notwithstanding the wishes of some political forces within the EU, Brexit is no failure. Without the sane, rational voice of the UK, however, the EU may very well become a failure as its institutions lurch ever further to the left. Will others follow? With a smaller population, fewer global trade possibilities and far deeper links to the German economy, countries like Poland and Hungary cannot follow the example of the UK. But many of us, squeezed by an increasingly politicized and aggressive European Commission and an intolerant EU mainstream, envy the new freedom of the British. Be bold with it, and stick to your principles, and Brexit could end up as one of history’s truly successful revolutions. • Dr Attila Demkó is the Head of the Centre for Geopolitics at the Matthias Corvinus Collegium, Budapest, Hungary.