NO IT ISNT. Let’s just look at their most recent sensationalist claims. In December Government scientists were trying to terrify us – as they have throughout the pandemic - saying the number of infections could reach between 600,0000 and two million a day. The SPI-M-O group of scientists which reports to SAGE warned that based on their modelling hospitalisations could peak at 10,000 a day and deaths at  6,000 a day. In reality, the highest number of admissions was  2,605 on Dec 29. These were all fantastical figures touted by people who have been shown to have no proper idea of what’s happening or likely to happen with this virus. Then you had Chris Whitty doom monger in chief trying to force us all – without Government approval - into a self-imposed lockdown just before Christmas. He was trying to make people desperate to share the festive season with their families feel guilty and selfish. Thankfully, for once, Boris ignored him and the so-called “science” and allowed us to have Christmas, probably because he’d realised that many of the figures being punted weren’t based on science at all but guesswork and grossly outdated “modelling” designed to scare the bejesus out of us. These scientists were painting a picture of Omicron like it was out of control when the reality was there was no hard evidence to support their lurid figures or claims. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest Just this month the Office for Statistics Regulation - the statistics watchdog - delivered a stinging rebuke to the UK  Health Security Agency for its alarming prediction that in December there would be 200,000 infections a day. That’s why when this pandemic is properly over and the World Health Organisation says Britain’s within a whisker of that being the case - we should be looking at the scandal of dodgy data, flawed forecasting and how many times - SAGE scientists at least – got it hopelessly wrong. We should be looking at the power this Government handed to our scientists which resulted in lockdowns and harsh restrictions. We should be looking at Covid figures which we’re now discovering has been grossly misleading (and that’s a polite way of putting it) . We should be asking why our so-called scientists trade only in worse case scenarios and not likely scenarios – especially when a country’s health and economy is at stake. We should be asking why we were constantly being told the NHS was on the verge of collapse when it wasn’t and isn’t. When our scientists peddled “unscientific “evidence on outdated modelling did they do because they were so daft they didn’t realise it was outdated? Or is it  even worse – that they just don’t have a clue what they’re talking about? Because some of their more outlandish predictions have left many Brits gripped by a fear from which they may never escape. We’ve recently had one million people in isolation, we have businesses teetering on the brink,  we have  100,000 NHS  staff isolating - all thanks to rules and restrictions enforced thanks to predictions many of which were based on faulty modelling. On top of that, we’ve been fed terrifying figures about people dying OF Covid when the truth is they died WITH Covid. We had the UKHSA just last week opposing the period of self-isolation being reduced from seven days to five. Thank God the Government ignored them. When Britain goes back to whatever will pass as “normal” now there has to be independent inquiries into the fear-mongering and the staggering amount of misinformation that had defined this pandemic since the start. Because what’s happened here must never be allowed to happen again.