Today, the mood is somewhat different as members of the Cabinet rally around their leader and make the case for not creating even more turbulence when there are so many other pressing issues to deal with. This is not to make light of the behaviour at Downing Street. Like everyone else, we await the report by senior civil servant Sue Gray and amid new and disturbing allegations that Nusrat Ghani was sacked from her ministerial job because of her "Muslimness" it is only proper that this should also be investigated. But removing a Prime Minister who won a thumping General Election majority comes with its own dangers. And in the case of Mr Johnson it could lead to a bitter split within the Tory party. Dominic Raab is right to remind us that Mr Johnson has made the correct calls on all the big issues during the pandemic. What's more, as Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told the Express, the PM "recognises the need for changes in the Downing Street operations" and having achieved that will be in a strong position to lead Britain to the "brighter future" we all want to see. From Saturday, a new "hierarchy of road users" will come into effect. One of the more controversial changes is that cyclists should occupy the middle of the road rather than stay close to the kerb. This should make them more visible to motorists but is bound to increase incidents of road rage. Stand by for much shouting and screaming and accusations of "Don't you know the rules?" The truth is that many of us would fail a Highway Code test if we took one now. We just hope the changes will increase safety on our roads, but it's hardly encouraging when the AA says that 33 percent of motorists still have no idea about the new rules.  In June there will be national celebrations to mark the Queen's platinum jubilee. But these are solemn days for the 95-year-old monarch as she makes a special pilgrimage to Wood Farm Cottage on the Sandringham estate, where her husband spent much of his retirement from public duties. We just hope Her Majesty can sense how much she is admired and supported by the majority of the British people. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea