And who hasn’t been assailed by jellies, bombarded with Twiglets, caught unawares by Colin the Caterpillar on manoeuvres or buried in an avalanche of meringues? We have learnt that there is a drinking culture at Number 10 which means that at the slightest provocation some lowly-paid junior will be dispatched to the super-market with a wheelie-bag. But now we know there is also a culture of cake that is spiralling out of control. If we look back through history we find many examples where the great and the good – who thought they were impervious to an all-out cake attack – have had to…er… eat their words. We asked Alfred the Great, former King of Wessex about his bad experience with cake. Is it true that while on the run from the Vikings he sought refuge in the home of a simple peasant woman? She asked him to watch her cakes baking but he – distracted as he was by affairs of state – let them burn. “That old story,” said Alfred. “Can’t you journalists ever ask about anything else? During my reign we had a world-class programme of stuffing the Danes but nobody ever wants to talk about that. Oh no. All this nonsense about cake is a mere distraction from the really big issues facing Wessex at the time. “Look, let me be clear about this. I didn’t know how brown the cakes should be. I’m not Paul Hollywood you know. Anyway the simple peasant woman just told me to watch the cakes. She never said anything about taking them out of the oven. So yes, I was ambushed with cake. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone else who has suffered similar.” Fast forward a good few centuries and we meet Marie Antoinette, Queen of France. Does she regret saying “Let them eat cake,” when she was told the starving people of France had no bread? “My words were taken out of context,” said her majesty. “Let me be absolutely clear about this. What I had in mind was a far-reaching cake booster programme of getting as much cake into everyone’s mouths as possible. Even though there is a lot of cake hesitancy and people had to be persuaded that cake was good for them.”  Finally we tracked down the Knave of Hearts, who stole the tarts that the Queen of Hearts had made. All on a summer’s day. “They were just sitting there,” said the Knave, “asking to be taken. In a very real sense I was ambushed by tarts. Let me be clear, no rules were broken. Unfortunately the King saw things differently and beat me ‘full sore’.” Ambushed by cake. A clear and present danger in these troubled times.  If you’ve spent two grim years looking for signs that the pandemic is in retreat then the current woes of Netflix and Peloton are two straws to clutch at. The Netflix box-set binge was a comfort in the early days when there was nowhere to go apart from a Downing Street drinks party. When you talked to friends and family online or by phone you’d inevitably have an “are you watching?” conversation. Yet earlier this month Netflix’s stock lost a fifth of its value as subscriber growth slowed. Another winner in the pandemic – Peloton – is also struggling. Gyms have reopened so the attraction of pedalling to nowhere in your spare room has dwindled. For a while Peloton couldn’t keep up with the huge demand and I wouldn’t wish any company to fail. But if a drop in demand is a sign we’re at the beginning of the end of this nightmare then it’s a thumbs up from me. Who is Bruno exactly and why don’t we talk about him? If that sentence means precisely nothing to you then welcome to the club. It meant nothing to me when I saw an item on ITV News about the song We Don’t Talk About Bruno. I’d never heard of the song – which features in a Disney film called Encanto (below) that I’d never heard of either, let alone seen. I now know Bruno is number one in the UK singles chart (and it’s some decades since I have had any knowledge of or interest in the singles charts). This song was written by Lin-Manuel Miranda, who also created the musical Hamilton. I don’t even like Bruno-no-no-no much but I strongly advise you not to play it as it will become your ear worm until the end of time. But at least you’ll be up to speed with what we used to call the hit parade.  Gainsborough’s The Blue Boy is back in town. Sold to American railway magnate Henry E Huntington in 1921, it is now on loan at London’s National Gallery. This painting of a swaggering adolescent in baby-blue satin is one of the most famous pictures in the world. You can whistle up a reproduction of it on your smartphone in a second. But for some reason we still feel a need to see the unique object. It’s not just about admiring the brushstrokes up close, it’s about being in its presence and its history. That’s why crowds flock to the Mona Lisa in Paris and why The Blue Boy will be a huge draw while it’s here. And that’s why it is so hard to get one’s head round the idea of non-fungible tokens (NFTs), a digital form of ownership of a work of art (or indeed anything) which you don’t get to see or touch. Last November the auction house Christie’s sold a digital artwork by the American artist Beeple for $69million. Next month John Lennon’s son Julian is putting NFTs of Beatle memorabilia up for sale at a digital auction. If you buy an NFT you don’t get to touch or even view the unique object (the cape Lennon wore in Help! for instance). All you get is a digital certificate you can resell to some other sucker. Funny old world. 