The former cruise singer had been on many incredible cruise trips in her lifetime. But there’s one destination that Jane had never visited. She said: “Everybody used to rave and get excited about going to Alaska”. However, she told viewers the cold had put her off. For this trip, Jane boarded the Nieuw Amsterdam in Vancouver in Canada to explore Alaska’s wonders. Jane told viewers: “I love getting on a new ship and finding my cabin. Even though you’ve seen it in the brochure, you never know what it’s going to be like until you get in there and check it out.” She was pleased to see a “nice, comfy bed” and very happy to have a washing line in her ensuite. READ MORE: Spain vaccine rules to change: What do Britons need to know? The expert then gave first time cruisers a useful tip to help them make friends on their next cruise holiday. She headed to the ‘Sail Away’ party in the Crow’s Nest bar to get to some of her fellow Alaskan cruise guests. Jane told viewers: “These parties are a great way to meet your fellow passengers. Every cruise has one so don’t feel shy. “Just go and mingle and say hello to everyone. Remember a stranger is just a friend you haven’t met yet.” Jane met one retiree who was excited to head off on the “trip of a lifetime” to see Alaska for the first time. She added: “Everybody’s sort of up for a party and you can tell because they’re all drinking and it’s only half past five.” The cruise expert went dog sledding and took a helicopter ride to see some of Alaska’s incredible scenery from the skies. She even met some local lumberjacks and took her turn at scaling a log and chopping with an axe. She said the landscape was “breathtaking” and wondered why she’d never travelled to Alaska before. Jane also visited the US hotspots of the Great Lakes of Chicago, Mississippi and California on her American adventure. The intrepid cruiser even took a zipline over Niagara Falls saying: “That was so good. It was much better than I thought.” On a cruise on the St Laurence river by the US/Canadian border, Jane marvelled at the Thousand Islands mansions. Each incredible mansion has its own private island in the exclusive area and property can cost a fortune. The famous American dressing also takes its name from the area where it is said a fishing guide’s wife first created the recipe. In Quebec, Jane marvelled at the French “Parisian vibe” of the city as she explored the old town. She even blew a kiss to a local resident as she exclaimed: “This really is a handsome city.”