It is very clear; Putin will not stop at Ukraine. After 8 years of hybrid war, Moscow has decided to raise rates and threaten a full-scale invasion using the full arsenal of its forces and means at its disposal once again. At this very moment, Kyiv desperately needs the full coordinated support of its Western allies. We really started to receive such support. The United States has provided more than 200 tons of weapons and has increased financial assistance to the Ukrainian military by more than $200 million. The United Kingdom has shipped hundreds of new anti-tank systems to the Ukrainian military and is preparing tens of tons of new supplies. Today, the Ukrainian Parliament ratified an agreement with the UK to produce warships and to develop the Ukrainian navy. The Baltic states, Canada, Poland, and the Czech Republic have each launched their own arms supply programs and are even raising the issue of deploying military regiments in Ukraine. The Brits know how to defeat Russia and we are happy to have such an ally. Britain has left the European Union, but it symbolises the very spirit of the West that many lack nowadays. Economic and diplomatic cooperation, military support, common values and interests, pressure on Russia - all this gives us the opportunity to survive. London's position in Russia's war against Ukraine shows that Britain has returned to the world stage and become a true friend of Ukraine. Two European states with European interests. A friend in need is a friend indeed. But is this the unity of the democratic world that can stop Russia? At the same time, we hear worrying and unusual statements from German military officers calling for the Crimean issue to be closed and for us to respect the aggressor and criminal Putin. We see the President of Croatia’s statement that one should distance oneself from Ukrainian problems and "not be a firefighter". Nevertheless, we are witnessing a rather passive reaction from other allies. Drawing parallels with 1938 are always political, but there has never been a time when passivity has worked.  It is surprising that there is no consolidated opinion on the continent. Some countries refuse to see the bear at the gate. They refuse the truth that Russia has started a war in Ukraine and that Putin will stop at nothing but force. Germany's position is decisive in many ways. Germany not only refused to provide us with weapons, but it also forbade Baltic countries to sell them to Ukraine. It has come to the point that Germany does not allow British aircraft with weapons destined for Ukraine to travel through its airspace. If they do not want to open the skies for planes with military aid to Ukraine, they risk opening the skies to Russian bombers. Instead of weapons, we are told about their concerns and how they are finalising an agreement with Russia to launch Nord Stream 2. If you do not want to stop Putin here and now - he will come for you next. It is just that the Ukrainians are doing everything to keep him from coming. It is not just Ukraine’s interest to stop him now, it should be a common interest.  We are defending Europe and are always happy to welcome new allies. I hope that other countries will join us in the fight against Russia. We are fighting for our independence and the return of our land. Other countries share the same goal, but now is the time to achieve it – now is the time to prevent further escalation. Europe is all about principles and values. And it is to that that we Ukrainians have aspired for generations. The Old World once discovered the New. Now it needs to rediscover itself because the whole world needs it to do so. Ukraine will defend our independence and strive to regain our territories with or without support. We will remember those who helped in this struggle, and who were only “deeply concerned”. Oleksii Goncharenko is a Member of the Parliament of Ukraine and Vice-president of the committee on migration and refugees of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe 