It used to be that if you were burgled and your house rifled, with treasured possessions stolen, the police would come straight over and try to detect the burglar. They were unflinchingly on the side of the law-abiding, tax-paying citizen. Then came political correctness and I don't think I have seen a vertical policeman in a couple of years. They all seem to be in offices, conferences or cars. The fact is, over the past 40 years crime detection has sustained a revolution in favour of the CID. Back then the detective could hope for an eyewitness or a fingerprint. Now his armoury is simply vast, and the key is eye-watering technology. DNA and the national register of it has meant the tiniest touch by a criminal identifies him. The smallest strand of fabric can be traced back to the jumper or jacket that it came from; CCTV is everywhere - on every street, corner and square. Magnification can enlarge and identify a number plate and blow an alibi to pieces. Face recognition technology will pick out a moving face from a stream of walking people and match it to the mugshot in the database. If the crime is more serious, what a modern forensic pathologist can learn from a body on a slab will fool every killer no matter how clever he thinks he is. In short, a repeat criminal is unlikely to stay long out of jail, so only the stupid turn to a career in theft and it is the stupid who get caught fastest. Only cyberscammers get away with stealing from the unwary and they could be sitting miles away abroad. Of course, crime detection and all that technology takes time and these past couple of years the police have been diverted. They have been occupied hunting real criminals such as grandfathers cuddling their grandchildren or holding the hand of a dying loved one. Now we can't be having that, can we? ----------------- Most of us have a single image in our memories that will not drift away. For millions it is of a small lady, crushed with grief, sitting alone in a pew at St George's Chapel,Windsor during the funeral service for her late and beloved husband the Duke of Edinburgh. This lady was our Queen, who has dedicated herself to her duty as our monarch for almost 70 years. If, in the aftermath of Boris Johnson's departure, anyone were to ask: did some malign enemy bring him down, the answer is no: he did it entirely by himself by staggering lack of judgment. Not once but over and over again. There is one enigma yet to be resolved and it is not down to Miss Gray. Under the rules of the Conservative Party (not the constitution of the country) letters demanding a leadership challenge may by dropped through the letter box of the Chairman of the 1922 Committee, currently Sir Graham Brady. He collects them under lock and key.When they reach a certain number a vote on ousting the party leader is mandatory. That magic number is 54. How many does he have so far?We do not know; only he knows that and he is sworn to silence. But the image of HM sitting alone while Downing Street parties may change that. The month of January will tell. ----------------- What on earth has happened to Australia? This land we were all taught to think of as happy-go-lucky and careless of risk seems to have been having a cross between a fit of hysterics and a nervous breakdown over Serbian tennis player Novak Djokovic who wanted to defend his title but not be Covid vaccinated. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- -----------------