Celtic Connections, Glasgow 20 January – 6 February The world-famous Celtic Connections returns with a programme of events to celebrate traditional folk, roots, Americana, jazz and soul music. As well as showcasing exceptional musical talent, performances including exhibitions, film screenings and talks are expected to take place across Glasgow. Although the Omicron variant has meant the festival will not be held on the scale originally hoped, a form of the festival which brings the connection and joy of Celtic Connections to audiences, while being both feasible and safe for all involved, will be presented. Ticket prices vary. To see the full programme of events and to book online, go to Celtic Connections - Home  Royal Yacht Britannia Burns Supper, Edinburgh 28 and 29 January Once again, one of Edinburgh’s most iconic attractions, The Royal Yacht Britainnia, will be hosting its annual Burns Supper on board. On either 28 or 29 January, guests will experience a delicious five course meal that showcases the finest Scottish ingredients. Traditional Scottish music will be played throughout the dinner and the traditional ‘Address to a Haggis’ will be followed with a whisky tasting in the State Drawing Room. The evening is also bolstered by a glamorous red-carpet entrance, a drinks and canapé reception and a tour of The Royal Yacht Britannia – certainly a special evening fit for royalty. Tickets are priced at £215pp. For more information and to book online, please go to Burns Supper | Official The Royal Yacht Britannia  Burns Night with Claire Hastings, Dumfries 29 January, 7:30pm In the market town of Dumfries, Cairndale Hotel & Leisure Club plays host a traditional Burns Supper complete with music, poetry and dancing for a memorable evening of toe-tapping entertainment. Featuring Claire Hastings, former BBC Young Traditional Musician of the Year, as well as a spectacular array of performers, guests can celebrate the national poet’s birthday in song and style. Tickets are priced at £35, or 2 nights DBB for £149. For more information, visit Burns Night Cairndale Hotel. To book please call 01387 254 111.  Burns Big Night In with National Trust for Scotland Burns&Beyond, Edinburgh 25 January Edinburgh’s flagship Burns celebration Burns&Beyond returns for a 4th year, presenting a feast of online music, spoken word, food and whisky to help you celebrate the Bard in style. The spectacular art installation Les Colombes at St. Giles’ Cathedral will now take place in March. To show the strength and power of Edinburgh as a community, people can add their own paper Dove to be flown as part of the installation. For more information and for full programme details, go to Home - Burns & Beyond :Burns & Beyond (burnsandbeyond.com)  Burns Night: Online with Nest Collective 25 January, 8:00-9:30pm Attendees can dance the night away to a live Ceilidh Band (with demonstration dancers), listen to contributions from celebrated musicians and enjoy the ceremony itself all from the comfort of their own home. Donning the tartan is highly encouraged! The virtual event will be streamed live on YouTube and is free to attend, with donations to support the broadcast and wider programme of Nest Collective. Secure tickets at Burns Night: Online - The Nest Collective  Robert Burns Humanitarian Award 25 January The Robert Burns Humanitarian Award is an award presented annually at the time of Robert Burns birthday to a group or individual who has saved, improved or enriched the lives of others or society as a whole, through self-sacrifice, selfless service, hands-on charitable or volunteer work, or other humanitarian acts. The winner receives the equivalent of 1759 Guineas – a sum which signifies the year of the Bard’s birth and the coinage in circulation at that time – equating to £1,800 in today’s currency. The winner will be announced on Tuesday 25th January via an online ceremony. Further details will be available shortly at Robert Burns Humanitarian Award - South Ayrshire Council  2022 is the Year of Stories, a celebration of stories inspired by, written, or created in Scotland. Fans of the Bard can experience the poems and songs that the spectacular Scottish landscapes inspired, explore real-life locations and uncover a wealth of stories connected to Rabbie Burns himself on a trip to Scotland. The romantic ruins and bonnie villages of Ayrshire inspired many of Burns’ masterpieces. A visit to the beautiful village of Alloway will uncover what Burns’ life was like back in the 18th century. There is the thatched cottage where Burns was born and a walk along Poet’s Path leading to a series of weathervanes that tell the story of Tam o’Shanter, as well as the Robert Burns Birthplace Museum where it is possible to take a special behind the scenes tour to see the original first draft of Auld Lang Syne. Other nearby Burns attractions include the Bachelors’ Club in Tarbolton (open 9 April-30 September 2022) and Burns House Museum in Mauchline. Walking enthusiasts are able to take the new self-led trail ‘Shadows of the past...Ayr's Myths, Legends & History’, created as part of Scotland’s Year of Stories 2022, to experience Ayr like never before through fascinating tales of heritage, macabre and fun! Running from 29 January-5 February, the route winds through Ayr past Auld Brig and Malt Cross, where a gruesome past can be uncovered, to Brig o’ Doon and Alloway Auld Kirk, where Burns gained inspiration. See Destination South Ayrshire | Facebook for more details. In fact, connections to Burns scatter the surrounding area. Perched majestically on the Ayrshire cliff, not too far from Maybole where Burns’ parents met, is Culzean Castle (open 1 April 2022). Erected in Burns’ time, visitors can roam the extensive grounds and even stay the night in one of the five impressive suites. South of the castle lies Kirkoswald, home to the “ancient, trusty, drouthy crony” Souter Johnnie who was immortalised in Tam o’Shanter.  Slowing down and taking in the beauty of the sea, rivers and mountains on a Whisky & Burns cycling tour through Dumfries & Galloway is the perfect way for visitors to savour traditional food and drink whilst learning about Scotland’s national poet. Along the route in Dumfries, tour groups can discover the pleasures of whisky once enjoyed by the bard himself in The Globe Inn, one of the country’s oldest hostelries, and draw up a seat at Burns’ very own dining table, surrounded by artefacts and memories. Fans can follow the town’s Burns trail to Robert BurnsHouse where he spent the last years of his life and see original manuscripts and personal belongings. Named the world’s first UNESCO City of Literature, Edinburgh is renowned for its connection to great literary figures, and Robert Burns is no exception. On 28 November 1786 when Burnsarrived in Edinburgh its gates were flung open to him. On the Royal Mile, visitors can find a plaque dedicated to Burns near the entrance to Lady Stair’s Close. The close contains Makars’ Court, an evolving national literary monument celebrating Scottish writers from the 14th century up to the present day, where famous words have been inscribed into the flagstones. While in Edinburgh, fans of Burns will be able to see one of the most famous portraits of Robert Burns at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, painted by friend and renowned Scottish artist Alexander Nasmyth.  Many restaurants are offering their own Burns Suppers, including Blackfriars, Deacon Brodies Tavern, Edinburgh School of Food & Wine and Whiski Bar & Restaurant. Or host your own. All that’s needed for the perfect Burns Night is haggis, neeps, tatties, great company…and some Scottish whisky, of course! Follow these instructions to prepare and host the perfect gathering on 25 January. To start everyone gathers, the host says a few words, everyone sits and the Selkirk Grace is said. The meal- the starter is served, the haggis is piped in (by a piper in a kilt, naturally, or find a piper ‘virtually’*), the host performs the Address to a Haggis, everyone toasts the haggis and the main meal is served, followed by dessert (cranachan is a great option).  Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea After the meal the first Burns recital is performed, the Immortal Memory (the main tribute speech to Burns) is given, the second Burns recital is performed, and then there’s a Toast to the Lassies, followed by a Reply to the Toast to the Lassies, before the final Burns recital is performed. To end the night the host gives a vote of thanks, everyone stands and sings Auld Lang Syne, crossing their arms and joining hands at the line “And there's a hand, my trusty fere!” Get the virtual Ceilidh-dancing experience at http://ceilidhexperience.visitscotland.com Find out more about Burns, his life, legacy, and exploring his story in Scotland at www.visitscotland.com/burns For more information on self-catering accommodation in Scotland, go to www.visitscotland.com 