It was 1972. I was a 16-year-old cub reporter, too young to drive so I bought myself a little Honda 50cc moped to get around my news patch in Brentwood, Essex. One warm summer’s evening, the bike was pinched from the drive of my parents’ house while I was having supper. I phoned the police to report it and 10 minutes later a patrol car arrived at the house. Two officers took copious notes, and then radioed to colleagues on patrol that evening, giving a full description of my missing bike. They then left, promising to stay in touch. Next morning, Brentwood police arrived at my office. They’d found the Honda, abandoned in a ditch on a local common. Would I like to hop in the back of the squad car? They’d take me up there to pick it up. It had already been dusted for fingerprints. (Which is why the thief was duly nailed, brought to court, and punished). I know. Hard to credit that once upon a time police and courts took such a serious view of what today would be shrugged off as the pettiest of crimes. Compare and contrast with my daughter’s experience last month. Her brand-new 4x4 (no Chelsea tractor, she lives in the Northamptonshire countryside) was stolen from our drive during the night. She phoned the police, more for the crime number needed for insurance than anything else. Two hours later they got back to her. As there were “no leads” in the case, there would be no investigation. Case closed. So, my stolen cheap ’n’ cheerful moped merited an infinitely fuller police enquiry five decades ago than a serious piece of nicked motor car, representing a hefty chunk of my daughter’s savings. No surprise then to read this week’s utterly depressing crime figures for London alone. A steady fall of between 20 and 25 percent in detection of burglaries, robberies and violent crimes. A rise of almost 10 percent in thefts from cars. A drop of almost a quarter in detection of all crimes. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The cop shops continue to shut, too. More than 100 of them gone in the capital since 2010. Just 36 police stations remain open to the public. Yet the full force of the Met is now bearing down to solve the great cheese ’n’ wine, cake ’n’ nibbles partygate controversy that has paralysed government for weeks. Meanwhile cranks and oddballs are ruthlessly prosecuted for saying or posting stupid opinions that “cause offence”. The real offence is the real crime rate. Things have got seriously out of joint.