Young women tricked into thinking that they are coming to work as a nanny but finding themselves in a brothel or cannabis farm, for example. Some are migrants but they are entitled to protection, support and justice. Many victims are in fact British, like vulnerable children groomed to supply drugs. Last month a man pleaded guilty to trafficking another for 40 years in Carlisle, Cumbria. He had been living in a shed with no lights or heat, forced to do menial work and subjected to the harshest treatment. Report reveals more than 100,000 people suffering under modern slavery in the UK  We can prevent crime by prosecutions but this report highlights that it happens far too rarely. We know that investigations are complex and that victims can be terrified of their exploiters, but we must not give up. New initiatives such as Victim Navigators provide victims with independent support while working with the police. We can also do more to follow the money, identifying the illicit financial flows and seizing the assets of criminals so that they can be returned to survivors. Most of all, the investigation of modern slavery and human trafficking needs to be a priority for political and police leaders. There is no shortcut here – dedicated teams of staffed experts are essential but rare.  We can also prevent crime by addressing the structures and systems in which it flourishes. Many of the goods we buy have long global supply chains. International experts estimate that there are 16 million people in forced labour working in farming, fishing and mining across the globe. We need to demand visibility and traceability of supply chains so that we are confident that our clothes, mobile phones or food are not the product of someone else’s forced labour. We can all reduce demand for services which we know are at high risk of forced labour and exploitation. Think twice before you use a hand car wash or cheap nail bar. Modern slavery and human trafficking are serious crimes and the laws must be enforced. But the way in which we respond to the exploitation of the most vulnerable across the globe is also a test of our humanity and decency. 