The PM has sprung into action, devising ambitious new policies, and more than 100 MPs are understood to have banded together to stop rebels forcing him out. The best way for him to make amends for recent fiascoes is to deliver on his core promises. His vision of levelling-up is one we cannot afford to abandon. The last thing Britain needs is more paralysis and plotting in Westminster. We hope that civil servant Sue Gray's imminent report into lockdown era partying draws a line under this appalling chapter. When Russia and Ukraine appear on the brink of a terrible war, it is ludicrous that Mr Johnson's future is in peril over the circumstances in which he was presented with a cake or ushered into a garden to thank staff who turned up for work each day in lockdown London to try and save lives and rescue the economy. Thankfully, the PM now looks like he is firing on all cylinders. The entire country will be better off if his dreams for the UK become reality. The Government's goal of getting half a million benefits claimants into jobs by June has the potential to transform lives and accelerate the economy's recovery from the pandemic. Unemployment is a scourge which robs people of much more than income. Work provides skills and companionship and unlocks new possibilities. The "Way to Work" campaign will help fill the 1.2 million jobs vacancies in the UK and power growth. Our nation's strong work ethic is a key national asset; the vast majority of citizens do not want to rely on the state. Every opportunity should be grasped to help people fulfil their potential and escape welfare dependency. Lord Sugar left people in Liverpool unimpressed when he grumbled that he could not understand the Scouse accents in the BBC series The Responder. The best way for him to tune into this great accent would be to venture out of Essex and enjoy the delights of this magnificent city. He could also invite aspiring entrepreneurs with an even greater variety of accents to take part in the next series of The Apprentice. The magnate does not appreciate people talking back to him in the boardroom, but the experience could enrich his appreciation of linguistic treasures. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea