What? They're insulted that after nearly two years working from home in their joggers, on full pay, they're now being told they have to drag their backsides into the office? The unions are claiming it's "reckless" to send people back to work so soon. Reckless, how? Covid infections and hospital admissions are plummeting by the day. The majority of people who get it now have mild or no symptoms. Are they seriously saying workers should be allowed to continue to hide at home from a virus that's now no worse than the common cold? In the week the Government scrapped the official guidance to WFH these unions are using fear of Covid as an excuse to stay there. They've grown used to the luxury of not having to commute, be in the office, and take face-to-face instruction from their bosses. The Public and Commercial Services Union which represents civil servants and other public sector workers has warned against the rush back (that'll be because they're on full pay courtesy of the taxpayer) saying "the world of work has changed for the good". For them maybe, but not for the rest of us who have to deal with their shoddy, part-time service. Red tape - caused by working from the sofa - is responsible for months of delays in getting passports, driving licences, planning applications, criminal record checks and legal matters.The list goes on. And why is Boris just asking these people to go back to work? Why isn't he telling them - "go back or your pay will be cut"? And apart from lazy civil service workers you've got the teaching unions "furious" (when aren't they?) because Boris says face masks will no longer be required in classrooms. Many are defying his ruling. Never mind that scientists are saying the Omicron wave has peaked, these union bosses are claiming the Government is flouting its duty of care to teachers by lifting restrictions too quickly. How do they know it's too quick? Are they virologists in their spare time? Dr Mary Bousted, Joint General Secretary of the National Education Union, said the announcement on masks was about saving Boris's job rather than looking after "pupils and the staff who educate them". ----------------- ----------------- The idea that in the 21st century there are still human beings whose job it is to arrange 72 teddies on the bed of the Queen's favourite son is beyond obscene. Andrew's ex-maid Charlotte Briggs, now 47, is quite rightly getting her own back on Prince Andrew by telling how she had to have a day's training - with diagrams - to show her how to line up his toys and teddies in their allocated spot on his bed, and how if she got it wrong he'd go tonto. Two of his favourite teddies were on two mahogany thrones at his bedside and the rest, mostly dressed in sailor suits, were arranged around the room. She once even had to run up four flights of stairs to close curtains that he was sitting right next to and when he spotted a small gap he screamed, "Can't you ....ing do anything right?" Makes you think everything that's happening to him now is Karma! ----------------- ----------------- Holly Willoughby's gone a bit Gwyneth Paltrow. She's taken to using crystal singing bowls which create harmonic sounds during meditation. And her new company Wylde Moon - a fashion, beauty and lifestyle website (like Gwynnie's Goop) - is "the embodiment of me reaching a stage in life where, although I have lots of experience, I don't fully know who I am." Holly talks about the importance of self-love and interviews celeb guests about phases of their lives according to the eight phases of the moon. She says: "So come and join the journey - let's discover together, learn together, laugh together." And let's make lots of money for Holly together (that's me saying that, not her). ----------------- French chef Raymond Blanc is begging Brits to ditch "stodgy, flavourless white sliced bread" because it's a "stain on Britain's food heritage". He says we should replace it with fancy European loaves. Look, I love a bit of artisan bread as much as the next person and I respect Chef Blanc but you can't make a proper bacon sarnie with sourdough or ciabatta. It has to be super-thick, stodgy, pillow-y white bread jam-packed with preservatives. Because whether Blanc likes it or not - that IS our heritage. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- I'm delighted GB News is going to be playing the National Anthem at the start of live programming every day. The station says it's determined to celebrate everything that's good about Britain which includes Her Maj. And what better year to honour her than in her 70th on the throne? Of course the Left-wing liberal elite are furious because they see any celebration of this country as nationalism not patriotism. But who cares what they think? ----------------- If your self-esteem and your body positivity need a bit of a boost then, apparently, a nude self-portrait is the way to do it. Lots of women are now commissioning artists to paint them in the buff to help with "self-acceptance". One woman who had it done says she now sees herself as "a Botticelli". If I did it I'd worry I'd end up seeing myself as a burst sofa! ----------------- Meghan and Harry won't be coming to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebrations because they're furious at having been refused Met police protection. Oh, well... never mind. Next.