Make no mistake, however: depending on the path Russian premier Vladimir Putin now takes over Ukraine, we may be on the cusp of Europe’s largest military conflict since 1945. And those who say it isn’t Britain’s business should think about what is really at stake. In a sense, Putin has already succeeded. His mighty military machine - now estimated to number 150,000 troops on three sides of Ukraine’s borders - has brought the West to the negotiating table, and placed the autocrat where he craves to be: at the centre of diplomatic attention. The fact that talks have so far ended in stalemate is due to the enormity of Putin’s ambition: to completely rewrite the post-Cold War settlement, transforming proudly democratic and sovereign nations into coasters upon which to plonk his influence. Today, the former KGB colonel is left with few face-saving options. He could simply annex the region of Donbas, where conflict against Russian proxies has raged since 2014 at the cost of thousands of Ukrainian lives. This might offer him a win, but it would not address his most urgent grievance: the presence of a sovereign democratic nation on his border which threatens to infect the motherland with each year of strengthening Western ties. The reason Putin has betrayed at least three major attempts at resetting relations with the West is because he has no interest in exposing Russia to democracy and liberalism.Sadly, only military action can neutralise this threat. A limited strike might see him seize ports and cities such as Kharkiv, former capital of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist republic, secure a route between Donbas and Crimea or even take Ukraine’s main port, Odessa. Ukraine would remain divided and unable to join Nato. However, by galvanising the West’s response around Kiev, all Putin would have achieved is to shift the fault line slightly further West. While most agree he has no appetite for full-scale invasion of Europe’s largest country, it is now the only way for Putin to jump clear over the corner he has painted himself in. A land, air, and maritime offensive from Russia, Eastern Ukraine and Belarus which targets government buildings, infrastructure and sites of symbolic importance. Though Putin is probably unable to hold 44 million citizens long-term, he could achieve enough damage to secure diplomatic concessions before retreating. If plans - revealed today by the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss - to install a puppet government fail, he has the option of ensuring Ukraine becomes a failed state. Britain’s recent contribution of 2,000 anti-tank weapons, added to the US counter-mortar radars and Javelin anti-tank missiles, the training provided by US and British troops, the $2,5bn handed over Washington DC to Kiev since 2014, and threats of harsh economic sanctions may not be enough to deter him. And if Putin goes ahead, we must brace for the reality that Russia’s seasoned war machine will outmatch brave Ukrainian forces whose only real fighting experience has been the limited conflict in Donbas. But this does not render British intervention meaningless. You will hear moans from the myopic, those who always choose the easy path over principle, that Ukraine is not Britain’s problem. Like Halifax and Chamberlain in 1938, they are wrong. The UK is a member of the UN Security Council, established precisely - and ironically, given the membership of Russia and China - to ensure international peace and security. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It is also a leading defence power in Nato, the ultimate guarantor of European defence. If we roll over on Ukraine, what happens when an empowered Russia presses on already-stated aims to force Nato member Romania to expel its enhanced forward battalions?And what signal will it give to Russia’s new strategic partner, China? Many derided Brexit as the UK turning its back on Europe. Some even claimed it played into Putin’s hands. Now, in the moment of truth, we see it is the UK who is coming to Europe’s defence while Germany, which yesterday blocked fellow Nato member Estonia from sending German-made weapons to Ukraine, vacillates. In 2017 we forged a defence pact with Poland which committed the UK for the first time in history to fight on behalf of a European country other than France or Belgium outside of the Nato mechanism. Only last week, foreign secretary Liz Truss announced a new trilateral relationship between London, Warsaw and Kiev - a magnetic spine of iron running through Europe, attracting like-minded governments to a mutual cause. Just like the Aukus defence pact between Britain, the US and Australia, such alliances are designed to strengthen and solidify the world’s democracies and present totalitarian adversaries such as Russia or China with the one thing they work so hard to undermine: unity. Few relish the sombre prospect of military conflict. But, in an era where the international world order is being challenged from all corners, the choice becomes: stand up to bullies and for your values, or let it all go.