They of all people know the importance of vaccination and the lies behind the anti-vaxxer movement’s claims. The virus is far from beaten, and vaccination is as vital as ever – especially for those who have regular contact with patients. Their demand for a delay came a few days after a video was released on social media of half a dozen anti-vaxxers standing in a vaccination centre and arguing with the police. It’s easy to laugh at such clips. In this one, the people look like they have come straight from central casting as harmless British eccentrics. Most of them stand silently while their gobby leader spouts drivel at an astonishingly patient police sergeant, citing fictitious laws which they claim give them power as “citizen constables” to prevent the “crimes” being committed by the vaccinators. But while laughter is a natural response, it is the wrong response. When the vaccine first emerged, there was a tendency to regard the anti-vaxxers as a daft but tiny fringe. That is no longer possible. Their views may seem barking to the overwhelming majority but they are clearly influencing people. Analysis by the Centre for Countering Digital Hate has found that six million people follow UK accounts on TikTok Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and Twitter pushing anti-vaxxer propaganda and conspiracy theories. And what starts on social media does not stay there. Most obviously, there are millions who are refusing to be vaccinated. Worse, for a hard core it is not enough merely to refuse to be vaccinated. With every passing day some anti-vaxxers are becoming bolder and more intimidating, threatening and inciting violence. A GP surgery received a flood of hate-filled messages after sending vaccine invites. One said: “Contact me again and I will take u to court personally for crimes against humanity you slave Nazi b*******”. Videos show gangs descending on hospitals and medical supply stores causing what looks like criminal damage and aggressively confronting staff – such as a mob which forced its way into a Covid testing site in Milton Keynes. They can be seen ripping up signs, throwing traffic cones around and forcing staff to flee in fear. As they progress through the site they scream insults and abuse at staff. One of the movement’s leaders has been filmed saying: “We have got to get a bit more physical. It means we have to take down these lying vaccinators and we got to take down these lying MPs and things… We’ve got to hammer to death those scum, those scum who have decided to go ahead with introducing new fascism. “You’ve got to get a list of them ... and if your MP is one of them, go to their offices and, well, I would recommend burning them down, OK.” At other times gangs attempt to “serve” staff with “warrants” over their supposed “crimes” – which are simply pieces of paper with made-up legalese written on them about the staff breaking human rights law. It is all hogwash. The only people breaking the law are the anti-vaxxers who appear to be guilty of aggravated trespass at the very least. So far the police and courts have treated these people with kid gloves – the occasional arrest, some convictions for breaches of the peace but only paltry sentences such as a small fine. This is now untenable. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Our failure to clamp down on these dangerous idiots sends them a message that they are free to carry on – and so they are upping the ante. Two weeks ago, a group of supporters of Alpha Men Assemble, which has more than 7,000 followers, assembled for a combat training camp. Their leader told reporters: “We are targeting the police… we are going to be arresting police officers for failing to uphold their common-law oath.” Another member shouted to the crowd: “We need to target vaccine centres, schools, councils and local directors of public health… we are doing this for our children”. Such paramilitary groups cannot be allowed to intimidate anyone. We have to act now to protect not just the staff and volunteers who do such a wonderful job vaccinating us, but to protect the rule of law. If we do not, the danger is that while the virus itself may be something we learn to live with, the impact of the poison injected into society by the anti-vaxxers may linger far longer.