Sunak must surely see this is not the moment to hit hard-pressed families that will soon be facing the hellish choice of whether to eat or heat their homes. It was reported this week that every member of the cabinet would back a temporary delay in the tax hike so why is Dishy Rishi resisting calls to temporarily shelve it? We all know the pandemic has to be paid for. We know the NHS needs cash and its clear the social care sector needs to be urgently overhauled before it collapses. But in the past 12 months the economic landscape has changed out of all recognition and a cost of living crisis is unfolding before our very eyes. Sunak and his policies were incredibly supportive to working people during the pandemic. Furlough was his baby and his brilliance was understanding that paying employers to keep people in jobs and giving businesses bounce back loans would help save jobs and those businesses. As Leo McKinstry of this parish says: “The Chancellor struck exactly the right balance between state support for businesses and the encouragement of enterprise.” It was the Chancellor’s clever handling of the economy throughout covid that has meant that far from sliding into the crippling recession all the doom mongers were predicting last year Britain is now the fastest growing economy in the G7. Unemployment is down, city profits are at their highest since 2015 and money is pouring into Britain. But an NI tax rise right now would hurt everyone – but especially working class people. So why on earth would Rishi hammer the very people he helped so much during the pandemic? It’s easy for him to say hard choices have to be made. But as decent and as principled as I believe our Chancellor to be hard choices aren’t something he knows much about. As a former hedge fund manager he’s a millionaire who’s married to a billionairess. Hell, even his “smart” coffee cup costs £180 which amounts to two weeks of statutory sick pay. So this is a man who will never know the terror of not being able to feed his kids or keep them warm. Sunak has an impressive brain but he also needs to employ his heart when people throughout great swathes of this country are going to be tipped into poverty by soaring food and energy bills. Of course we know he has to find a way to reduce Britain’s £2trillion debt mountain the interest on which cost £8.1bn in December alone. But having come through Covid we cannot now have people going without food, being unable to heat their homes and in some cases losing their homes. This tax rise would be particularly brutal because it would hit employers and employees alike and many small business could be pushed over the edge. It could also undermine the recovery and tip us into recession. There is nothing this Government can do about global fuel prices but it IS within its power to control taxes and tax rises. And THIS is not the moment for a tax rise. Sunak has earned much respect from the British people during this pandemic and the burden of having to try and rebalance Britain’s books is unimaginable. But in amongst all the figures, the finances and the calculations are desperate people and Rishi must not forget that or be blind to what the human cost of this rise will be. For all his wealth and privilege I believe there’s a decency and a humility at Sunak’s core. He must utilise that now and delay this tax hike to protect those who because of a perfect storm of hellish circumstances could go to the wall!