However, in a newly released cut of the film in China, the Narrator is killed and the explosions are replaced with a black screen and text reading: “Through the clue provided by Tyler, the police rapidly figured out the whole plan and arrested all criminals, successfully preventing the bomb from exploding.” We then learn that Tyler – a figment of the Narrator’s imagination – was sent to a “lunatic asylum” where he received psychological treatment before being discharged in 2012. Cue harumphing all round! But I think the Chinese may be on to something. Here’s another alternative ending: Mary Poppins does not fly off to find the next family to nanny. Instead she takes over Mr Banks’s role at the bank, gets the team’s mergers and acquisitions people to take over the chimney sweeps’ guild, asset strips their brooms and brushes, sends the children up London’s chimneys to save money and invests in a private jet to fly around in because umbrellas are so early 20th century. By the time the bank collapses because of its debts, she’s long gone. Much more satisfying than all those spoonfuls of sugar, n’est pas? And while we’re at it, can’t we change a few more endings elsewhere? Shouldn’t Goldilocks be done for breaking and entering, to say nothing of porridge theft? They’re also remaking the film Snow White and a row has just broken out over the seven dwarfs (dwarfist – be careful, film makers! Go woke, go broke!); could they not instead have them as a trans tribe, living their best lives in an atmosphere of inclusiveness and tolerance in the middle of a forest, making regular podcasts to share their wisdom with the world? Cinderella could reject Prince Charming on feminist grounds – isn’t she allowed to make her own living? – and Hansel and Gretel could be exposed for the brutal little thugs they so clearly are, terrifying women of age and associated skin conditions. And given their consumption of gingerbread houses, they were almost certainly obese. In the next interminable Jane Austen adaptation, couldn’t someone run amok with a machine gun? Apply that to absolutely any film in which anyone wears a bonnet. The Godfather could renounce violence and become a pacifist. Scarlett O’Hara could run off with Melanie Hamilton, before becoming a passionate advocate of people of colour. The Lion King could feature what lions really do when they take over a pride (I’m not writing it here; far too upsetting for words), while the next James Bond could be in touch with his feminine side, strongly anti-drinking, smoking and gun-carrying and maybe even a woman, perhaps a lesbian one. Wait a minute: wipe that one from the agenda. On recent showings that’s getting far too close to home… --------- Traditional British sayings are on the way out: in a survey of 2,000 people, 78 per cent had never used the phrase, “Pearls before swine,” and 66 per cent never said, “A nod is as goodas a wink.” What a shame and thank goodness for people like JK Rowling, who came across an old word for a bumblebee and used it to name her character Dumbledore. My support bubble, meanwhile, always responds to “How are you,” with, “Absolutely chipper, thank you,” which is a considerably more lively comment than, “I’m all right, ta.” I’m nailing my colours to the mast: we should all know our onions on this one. I’m keen as mustard to revive these sayings, even if it does seem likea storm in a teacup. Pip pip! --------- Various Beatles progeny have been out and about this week: heavily bearded James McCartney has been pictured in bare feet and sandals, despite the freezing weather, while Julian Lennon is to sell Beatles memorabilia as NFTs. You have to feel for them: it cannot be easy being the sons of two of the most famous men of the 20th century (though James was considerably luckier in the father stakes than Jules.) What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For every Michael Douglas, who became as successful as Kirk, there’s an Eric Douglas, who alas didn’t. You do wonder why they both chose a career in music, though. Stella McCartney is a pain but at least she chose a different field. --------- The heart soared at the news that Neil Young has asked to be removed from Spotify unless it stops giving a platform to the anti-vaxxer Joe Rogan, until I sawthe wording of the announcement. “They can have Rogan or Young,” he announced. “Not both.” Always a bit worrying when someone starts referring to themselves in the third person, no? --------- Riding hats off to Charlotte Casiraghi, who cantered into the Chanel spring/summer show in Paris atop a horse, clad, natch, in top to toe couture. Charlotte is the daughter of Monaco’s Princess Caroline and her late husband Stefano Casiraghi, but this showmanship was pure Hollywood. Charlotte’s grandmother, the late Grace Kelly, would have been proud. --------- Gotta love those two eejits in Ireland who reportedly took a cadaver to a Post Office and tried to claim his pension. It reminds me of the novel Soho by the late Keith Waterhouse, in which various characters take a corpse on a pub crawl. The only establishment to object was the one from which he was banned… --------- Janet Jackson, has revealed that her late father Joe would sometimes wake his children by putting matches between their toes and lighting them. Frankly, it’s a wonder they didn’t all end up like Michael. --------- The Dunderheads at Northampton University have issued a trigger warning for George Orwell’s superb and chilling Nineteen Eighty-Four, saying it may be “offensive and unsettling”. Isn’t that exactly the point?