Some blame Covid for abnormal parliamentary rules which have prevented the 2019 intake finding its feet. Others point out that a lot of new entrants won seats that normally would have been unwinnable and mere testing grounds for would-be MPs, resulting in entry before they were ready. There are merits in both these theories but personally I blame Tony Blair, who, in the late 1990s abolished all-night sittings and began to reduce parliamentary hours until today they are not much more exacting than normal office conditions. That means MPs behave as workers in normal offices. They pass the time of day with colleagues who work on the same floor and get to know somewhat better those with whom they work on particular projects but others they see only in passing and then they go home to dinner. The most serious consequence of the reduction in hours was, of course, the diminution of parliamentary scrutiny so that you and I are governed by an increasing volume of legislation which has never been debated. That could have been avoided if Government had simply reduced the amount of legislation to match the decrease in time spent on it, but expecting governments not to legislate is akin to expecting alcoholics not to drink. The secondary consequence is the loss of team spirit, of camaraderie. When we were there till 3am we would be too tired to work much after midnight so we congregated in the tea rooms, cafeterias, dining rooms and bars and got to know each other. We expressed concerns to ministers and they to us. Except for a very few deeply anti-social MPs such as Theresa May, everybody knew everybody else. Furthermore we gelled (or bonded as they say these days) every time the Opposition tried a ruse. We cooked up plots to foil them, we helped if a fellow Tory was in trouble, we rushed into the chamber if one of our number was under pressure. I am not advocating a return to perpetually barmy hours but I recognise that they were not without advantages and that without the Blair reform Boris would not have been in half this mess. ----------------- CHARLOTTE Briggs, taking full advantage of Prince Andrew’s current difficulties, rehearses a grudge of more than two decades ago when she was a maid at Buckingham Palace and he summoned her up several flights of stairs just to close his curtains. Ms Briggs also reveals how Andrew kept his ex-wife’s wedding dress in one of his wardrobes and her make-up on the dressing table. That is sad – and private. Kicking a man when he is down is not a good look, Ms Briggs. ----------------- PICTURES have emerged of Strictly stars partying till 3am while on the live tour. What’s new? As I recount in my autobiography, this was normal behaviour night after night when I did the tour in 2011. Indeed, some of my fellow performers would have found 3am decidedly tame, as they occasionally came back at 7am! I used to retire at 11pm and what I never understood was that whereas I, stone-cold sober and with eight or more hours sleep behind me, would stumble and trip my way through the routines, they could give virtuoso, flawless performances of precision and spin. Len and Bruno told me it was just age and energy but I reckon those guys could dance in their sleep. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- A JURY has criticised an investigation into a teacher accused of sexual abuse and sent a note to the judge saying it did not understand why the CPS brought the case. The accused told the court he was interviewed only once by police, who spoke to no other teachers and did not consult any CCTV recordings from the scenes of the alleged incidents. Have the police and CPS learned nothing from the cases of Simon Warr and Kato Harris? ----------------- A COMPETITOR on The Apprentice claims to have been bullied. How? He says he was reduced to tears when another competitor called him a “clown” after a failed task. Diddums. Perhaps he should have tried for the army instead and asked the Sergeant-Major for a handkerchief. ----------------- THE headmistress at Verulam School in St Albans, who from her photograph looks little more than a youngster herself, has abolished the rules on uniform and hairstyles. One 15-year-old pupil says “the changes have allowed us to be free to express ourselves, embracing who they are.” Therefore, I assume the school has abolished all the rules of grammar as well?