When he gets to work he has to deal with a naggy hygiene inspector, a sous-chef who washes her hands in the wrong basin, another who can't shuck oysters, and a screaming dishwasher. Andy shouts, he swears, he calms down and service begins.Welcome to another night in hell. Then there's the bigoted diner who's mean to the black waitress and sends back his lamb, the one who has a nut allergy (we can guess where that's going), the "influencer" with his boorish mates and the business partner who's giving Andy a hard time. It's all filmed in one continuous shot which film buffs adore and Stephen Graham is (as always) a force of nature. It's the perfect antidote to lovely, cuddly MasterChef. Anyone who's even thinking about working in catering should watch this and think again. But something was missing. Where was the Blitz spirit which bonds workers in all kinds of jobs when it's us against them, where you have to present a brave front to the public even if it means bluffing, fluffing, biting your lip and dusting off a piece of Wagu beef that's fallen on the floor? Like any live performance a night in a restaurant always teeters on the edge of disaster. Marco Pierre White became a celebrity because he was outrageous as well as a brilliant chef. In Boiling Point the obnoxious influencer goes off menu and asks for steak and chips. In real life MPW fielded a similar demand by lovingly hand-making chips for a stroppy customer and then charging him £25 for them. Another chef (I won't name) used to do unspeakable things to glasses of champagne ordered by customers he didn't like. The late Anthony Bourdain's best-seller Kitchen Confidential is full of equally outrageous stories but told with such wit and intelligence. He describes his colleagues as "wacked-out moral degenerates, dope fiends, refugees, a thuggish assortment of drunks, sneak thieves, ****s and psychopaths". But he does it with a defiant pride and humour. And humour is sadly missing from Boiling Point which is really more of a Long Simmer. For all the brilliance of the performances and direction it comes across like a training film on how-not-to-behave-in-the-workplace. Perfect for our sanctimonious times. ----------------- ----------------- LEE ELLIOTT MAJOR, a professor of social mobility, has said that personal statements on university applications should be dropped, because middle class students are better equipped to write them than schoolchildren from disadvantaged backgrounds. Anyone who has ever overseen their own child's composition of these leaden pieces of prose (4,000 characters or 47 lines) will celebrate their axing for other reasons. The personal statement is an absurd confection of irredeemable twaddle, full of synthetic enthusiasm from teenagers who are "passionate" and will "relish the challenge" and how doing a week's work experience gave him or her "an overwhelming sense of achievement, which now acts as a driving force to push myself to do bigger things".Yeah, yeah. There's altogether too much "passion" and "relishing" both in personal statements and life generally.We're all expected to show unfeasible levels of enthusiasm at every turn, like untrained puppies, and give 110 percent. But why? Very few 17 or 18-year-olds know exactly what they want to do with their life. And even when they are old and grey there will always be the path not taken to think about. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- EVERYONE agrees that everyone hates Bono. We love to hate him. For his sunglasses, his hat, his leather trousers and his preachiness. Has any other rock star been the butt of so many jokes? Like the one that Robin Williams told about Bono standing in front of an audience, clapping slowly. "Every time I clap my hands a child dies in Africa", he said. "Then stop clapping," shouted someone. It always got a laugh. Now it turns out that Bono hates Bono too. And he hates the name U2, and his songs and his voice. It all makes him cringe, he confessed in a podcast. Then he added: "Maybe the place to be as an artist is right at the edge of your level of pain for embarrassment." So as you might expect, all Bono's faults are in fact good ones. ----------------- WHAT MUST Christian Wakeford's constituents in Bury South be thinking? Their Conservative boy crossed the floor last Wednesday to join the other lot. Masked and squashed between a couple of chubby Labour MPs he looked like a hostage. He's a gobby little fellow, on Twitter at least. In the past he's described Labour MPs as a "bunch of ****s" so I doubt his welcome to the Opposition was quite as warm as Sir Keir Starmer pretended. The business of crossing the floor highlights like nothing else the vanity of politicians.They think they're wrestling with their consciences and are deluded enough to think that the voters vote for them, personally. Most people, who'd be hard pressed to name their MP, simply vote for a party and are understandably aggrieved when their representative changes tack. ----------------- EMERGING from the icy waters of the Serpentine wearing a hairy chest and cycling shorts, Matt Hancock had the dreamy look of a man who feels he is off the hook. The memory of that clandestine office snog last summer has been satisfactorily eclipsed by his boss's greater crime of attending an illegal Downing Street garden rave. Like some wide-eyed starlet who has seen hard times and makes a triumphant return in a figure-hugging swimsuit, Matt Is Back.