Given the damning conclusions of a watered down Sue Gray report into partygate - “a failure of leadership”, “a failure to observe not just the high standards expected of those working at the heart of Government”; and “excessive consumption of alcohol” - normal politicians would crumple under the weight of guilty and public anger. Add to that the confirmation that he is under police investigation and 12 parties in Downing Street, including the Prime Minister’s flat, are under investigation, some may wonder why Conservative MPs will not pull the trigger of a vote of confidence in his leadership. But, just as has been the case with his colourful career as a journalist, academic, writer and politician, Mr Johnson will get away with it again and much of it is down to good fortune. It is not simply because he is from that rare breed known as “teflon politician” - although he most certainly is - but, in this case, it is also because his opponents both on the Opposition benches, in the largely pro-Remainer media and on his own party’s backbenches overplayed their hand. The attempted coup almost two weeks ago by Tory backbenchers is perhaps the most egregious example of getting it wrong. One loyalist MP to the Prime Minister privately likened it to the French at Agincourt choosing to fight a battle on marshland with heavy cavalry and getting bogged down in defeat. They chose the wrong field to fight on. By going early before the Sue Gray report was published many of their colleagues were uncertain whether they could back the plot before seeing the conclusions of the report. Deposing a leader, especially a Prime Minister who has taken them to an 80 seat majority is no small thing. Then add on that they chose the day when many Tory MPs were getting what they wanted with the Prime Minister announcing an end to Covid restrictions and restoration of freedom and others who were willing to send letters feared that a new leader might be more trigger happy with lockdowns. Finally, they were done in by Bury South MP on the very same day defecting to Labour. Immediately it became a tribal party political issue and ended the coup. Meanwhile, Labour, the SNP, Lib Dems and large elements of the press gleefully leapt on every new revelation and treated each with equal shock and horror. It was clear that some of the claims were wildly exaggerated, perhaps most of all the getting angry over a piece of cake literally as the country was staring down the barrel of going to war with Russia. It made Sir Keir Starmer and others demanding political blood look as though they had lost all sense of proportion and only served to solidify support for the Prime Minister on the Conservative backbenches. Meanwhile, the polls have begun to swing back in favour of the Conservatives as partygate fatigue has taken grip. By the time this report or “update” was published today by Sue Gray there was nothing surprising in it and the Prime Minister was able to brazen it out in Parliament. And just to add to his good fortune, it turned out last week that the Metropolitan Police is investigating the parties, possibly in response to the Lib Dems making a formal complaint, another miscalculation. While nobody wants the arm of the law casting a shadow over them, it de-fanged the full Gray report with the full version now locked in a safe and delayed a conclusion to the whole issue. This means, as the Sunday Express reported over the weekend, the Prime Minister can get on with his great refresh, clear out Downing Street, launch new policies and ideas, bring new people in and change the agenda. Already we have the Levelling Up White Paper, the Benefits of Brexit Paper, a major foreign policy issue in the Ukraine, and the eyes of Britain are moving on from parties. Today an apologetic but resolute Mr Johnson giving his statement on the report even managed to dodge a killer question from his predecessor Theresa May. She said: "The Covid regulations imposed significant restrictions on the freedoms of members of the public. "They had a right to expect their Prime Minister to have read the rules, to understand the rules and for those around him to have done so too and to set an example in following those rules. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "What the Gray report does show is that 10 Downing Street was not observing the regulations they had imposed on members of the public. "Either my Right Honourable friend had not read the rules or didn't understand what they meant or didn't think the rules applied to them. Which was it?” Mrs May once again showed in a few words how much more danger lurks for the Prime Minister than the wordy overblown statement from Starmer on the Opposition side. The truth is that had the Prime Minister not been forced into ditching restrictions and listened to the threat of a leadership vote of confidence following 101 of his MPs rebelling last December he would have been in a much different place. But instead of letters whisking their way to Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee which represents Tory MPs, texts were coming in from MPs saying the PM will survive this. One former minister noted: “I sense the mood of the country is swinging towards him [the Prime Minister].” Another MP: “This is as good as BJ could have hoped for.” The ancient Chinese General SunTzu once noted in his Art of War: “The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.” In that sense Boris Johnson is lucky with his enemies and will probably survive and take his party into the next general election.