But there is an alternative narrative that highlights a far more optimistic picture of our country. The reality is that the remorseless focus on the negative has obscured an uplifting tale of Britain’s astonishing economic resilience. Contrary to all the pessimistic forecasts over the impact of Brexit and Covid, our nation is surging forward. This week, the International Monetary Fund declared that in 2022, for the second year in a row, the UK will have the most rapidly expanding economy in the G7, with growth expected to reach 4.7 per cent, compared to four per cent in the USA and 3.9 per cent in the Eurozone. In much of Britain, pain is giving way to prosperity, reflected in the latest figures on the labour market, which show that unemployment fell in November to 4.1 per cent while companies added 184,000 people to payrolls. The Covid pandemic was meant to be a wrecking ball at the heart of the economy, yet since the first outbreak in 2020, 400,000 jobs have been created. There are now a recordbreaking 1.24 million vacancies, which helps to explain why wages are rising significantly. The burgeoning confidence in Britain was epitomised yesterday by reports that Bentley Motors, the iconic luxury brand, is to invest £2.5billion in its plant at Crewe, where a new generation of electric cars will be built. Bentley’s sustainability programme will secure at least 4,000 jobs, with the first model rolling off the production line in 2025. In the same vein, the firm Britishvolt revealed plans for a vast £2.6billion factory at Blyth in Northumberland that will manufacture electric batteries for the motor industry. It is hoped that at least 3,000 jobs will be created by the project. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea These two developments are part of a welcome pattern of faith in our economy. Earlier this month, a survey by the accountancy firm Deloitte showed that 37 per cent of chief financial officers at major British companies view higher capital spending as a priority for 2022, the highest level since the quarterly analysis began more than a decade ago. Perhaps even more encouraging was a report published yesterday by the accountants EY which demonstrated that investor confidence in the UK’s financial services sector is at an all-time high. According to EY, 87 per cent of global financial firms are planning to establish or extend their operations in the UK this year. “With deep capital markets and an unrivalled regulatory system, the UK clearly has many unique selling points,” said Anna Anthony, managing partner at EY. During the EU referendum in 2016, Remainers claimed that Brexit would lead to the exodus of 230,000 jobs from the City. That lurid scaremongering has turned out to be completely baseless, just like so many pro-Brussels scare stories. We were told that British independence would lead to a recession, a collapse in exports, and mass unemployment. David Cameron famously said that leaving the EU would be the equivalent of “putting a bomb under the economy.” In fact, it increasingly seems that Brexit has been a form of rocket fuel as our country forges its own economic destiny. On almost every front, from the housing market to global trade, the news looks positive, including in the public finances, which took a battering during lockdown due to the expense of the furlough scheme. Yet yesterday’s borrowing figures for last month were £13billion lower than expected, thanks to buoyant revenues as a result of the strong recovery. This success is a tribute to the hard work of the British people and our innovative enterprise culture. But Boris Johnson’s Government also deserves credit, particularly in its handling of the economy through the storm of Covid. Powerful business support programmes were matched by the world-beating vaccines and the wise decision, after the first two waves, to keep the economy as open as possible. Today, the Government will build on that achievement by launching a welfare-to-work initiative to help 500,000 people break the cycle of benefits dependency. Amid the political furore of No 10 parties, it is the Government’s economic performance that will ultimately count with voters. And Boris Johnson has an impressive story to tell.