We’ve seen it time and time again, the deliberate scapegoating of minorities to unleash mass frustration. The Independent reported that the anti-Asian hate speech increased by 1,662% during the coronavirus pandemic in the UK. During the Ebola pandemic in West Africa, Black people were harshly stigmatised across the world. Islamophobia, fuelled by post-9/11 fears, caused deep suffering to millions of Muslims facing prejudice here and elsewhere. And today, we see the ancient anti-Jewish lies revived when new antisemitic conspiracy theories blame Jews for the pandemic. What does it mean exactly to be a scapegoat? The concept has biblical origins, dating back to an ancient Jewish ritual in which a goat was saddled, symbolically, with the sins of the people. It was then banished into the desert, taking those sins away from those who committed them. This ritual, according to the Hebrew Bible, had a positive outcome for the Jewish people, giving them a sense of freedom and cleansing. Whatever our modern minds make of the ritual, it’s not hard to see how, when other people become the scapegoat, it’s not only outrageously unfair, but the implications are extremely dangerous. And history sends us a fierce warning against scapegoating. For when the economic depression of 1929 fired up mass discontent in Germany, ancient anti-Jewish hostility was exploited to blame the Jewish people. Within a few years, anti-Jewish stereotyping was crystalised by the Nazis, offering the frustrated nation an outlet for their anger and fear. This scapegoating was not confined to Jewish people alone. Roma and Sinti people, gay people, black people, mentally and physically disabled people – were all persecuted. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea That was the backdrop to the unimaginable events we know escalated unspeakably quickly. Six million Jewish people were murdered in the Holocaust and millions of lives were also taken under Nazi persecution of other groups. This is our history, a recent time that we can almost touch. It is, surely, the most pressing reminder of the dangers of scapegoating, dehumanising and othering of minorities. We are living through a strange time of a global pandemic, with its blow-after blow to our economy, politics and mental health. So, in fact, it has never been more urgent to remember the enormous danger of division and hatred. That is the only way to ensure we will learn the lessons of the past and build a world of which we can be proud. Today is Holocaust Memorial Day. It’s a day when we put all differences aside and come together to listen and learn, to reflect and to act. I urge anyone reading this to watch the national commemoration today. Hear the first-hand survivor testimonies – from people like you and me – who cry out, calling us to always choose empathy over prejudice and kindness over hostility. And I urge you to light a candle in your window at 8pm tonight to honour the memory of those who were murdered for who they were, and to promise to learn from the past – for a better future. The U.K. 2022 Holocaust Memorial Day Ceremony will be broadcast online at 7pm on 27 January on hmd.org.uk