If I hear anyone else from the Beeb banging on about how they are the benchmark of good broadcasting I will have to sit down and take a deep breath. A national broadcaster is necessary and even though it may not sell adverts, the BBC has become a business empire through us funding it. We should all have made a fortune - after all, we are the shareholders, aren't we? What the BBC should really consist of is the World Service, a news channel and a radio service. That is all they need. People talk about how cheap it is but that isn't the point - it's essentially a service that anyone who watches television has to pay for whether they actually watch the BBC or not.Times have changed and so should the way we fund the BBC. And threatening the poor and vulnerable with prison because they can't or won't pay is totally unacceptable. Thank goodness Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has had the courage to take them on.  I, LIKE MANY TV viewers, was very upset to see that Vera seems to have disappeared from our screens. After ITV screened episode four, the rest of the series seems to be on hold. There's not much on TV at the moment but Vera is one of the best cop shows around. Brenda Blethyn has made the character live and I would like to see it continue so what's happened? If anybody knows the answer - please get in touch. WHAT IS IT with the obsession with the Downing Street parties? I realise that some Tory MPs are worried about their jobs, but given that they are supposed to represent us, the people, changing the leader at this point is a terrible idea. There are so many problems they should be preoccupied with: Covid, which our Government seems to be dealing with very well; the ongoing situation in Ukraine which looks like being our biggest concern in the future; and the continual stupidity meted out to us by the European dictatorship. So focusing on gatherings at No 10 is really strange considering what has been going on with Labour MP Barry Gardiner. MI5 believe that a Chinese spy paid him more than £500,000 to cover office expenses. He even employed her son as a diary secretary. But rather than shocking the nation, the story disappeared from most news bulletins within 24 hours, as Partygate went on and on. Why do some parts of the media appear to want a government with Keir Starmer at the head? As we face a possible conflict with Russia, not to mention what's happening in and around other parts of the former USSR, surely politicians should be worrying about the bigger picture. Or has the atmosphere in the Westminster village become so febrile they can't actually see what really matters any more? NONE OF US had actually heard of Christian Wakeford, the Conservative MP who crossed the floor to the Labour Party last Wednesday during Prime Minister's Questions. He very briefly became the star of the show alongside the rather bitter David Davis. Mr Wakeford apparently changes his mind quite frequently. According to recent revelations he has been very rude to certain Labour members, which just makes the whole of our political system look like it's populated by a bunch of idiots who think they're still at school. The rules need changing. If you don't like the party you were elected to represent - which is presumably why people voted for you - then you should stand for election again. There should be none of this: "I don't like what this political party is I think I'll join another one." Mr Wakeford was voted into Westminster as a Tory and if he wants to change his mind about that he should give voters the chance to change their mind about him. Incidentally, Wakeford, you will regret this decision. It's made you look dim and disloyal. THE NEGATIVE reaction to moves to sack NHS workers who haven't had the vaccine is remarkable. They are in charge of our health. I'm not medically trained, but neither are most of the moaners who seem to think they know best. What I do know however, is that the consensus of opinion not only here but around the world is that it's best to be vaccinated. It's better for you and the people around you. So why then are people now saying, don't sack those people who work in the NHS who refuse to have the jab? It's barmy and it sends out the wrong message. I know our NHS is understaffed and badly managed, but we are lucky to have some of the best medics in the world. They're keeping me alive but I don't want to think when I am in getting my chemo that every precaution hasn't been taken to make sure that I don't get Covid. So if I found the nurse, radiographer or doctor was not a fan of getting the vaccine, I'd be furious. My consultant told me I should have the vaccine straight away so I did. And that's what all of us should do. Talk to the doctors rather than read rubbish on social media and if you work anywhere where you come into contact regularly with vulnerable people, get vaccinated or leave. SOME good news on the migrant front - and then some bad. Starting with the bad, the figures for those illegally coming into this country may stop being reported. The good news is that the Army will start building camps to detain those people rather than putting them in four-star hotels. We must look really weak to other countries. Home Secretary Priti Patel continues to talk tough but does nothing, fearing that she might come up against some European convention we signed up to. But we have left the European dictatorship. When are we going to stand up to these people and not pay them vast amounts of money to do the job they should be doing already? I WAS never really a fan of the face mask but considering I haven't had a cold for a couple of years, I'm beginning to think they're probably a good thing. And now research shows that a large number of the population think we look more attractive in face masks. Well that's a turn-up for the books. I'm wondering if a face mask might improve my TV ratings... ARE YOU thinking of going to the USA in the near future? Think again. The US has put 5G masts which are too close to the bandwidth of the airline industry near some airports, which could make landing in bad weather very difficult. It is worrying the airlines, which is why they have decided to cancel some flights to the US. Why didn't anybody in America consider this before continuing to launch 5G? Downloading certain apps five minutes faster or having slightly faster broadband is nowhere near as important as aeroplanes landing safely. Don't think I'll be travelling to the US in the near future. What about you?