When negotiations on the Northern Ireland Protocol between the two sides began in late October, the UK insisted negotiators should aim to find a solution within three weeks. Since then that deadline has been repeatedly extended. First talks were pushed into December, then there was the hope of a breakthrough "by Christmas", hopes were next pinned on January, and now the talks will trickle into February. The joint statement released this afternoon said: "Officials would meet again this week, with the Principals taking stock at political level next week." "Taking stock" is hardly the language used when a deal is imminent and primed to be sealed. It suggests there are plenty of areas the two sides still disagree on. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG Last year the Government used every opportunity possible to warn it was ready to trigger Article 16 to legally suspend aspects of the Protocol but in recent weeks there has been a softening in tone. Since Ms Truss took charge of talks following Lord Frost's resignation, a more cordial approach has been adopted by the UK. Brexiteers and Unionists were buoyed by Lord Frost's rhetoric, certain ministers were serious about their willingness to follow through on the threat if the EU did not yield in talks. So the latest extension to discussions will concern many critics of the Protocol. What was meant to be three weeks of negotiation will now enter their fifth calendar month. "I am not in the business of setting artificial deadlines, but I will act with a sense of urgency," Mr Sefcovic said this afternoon following the end of his meeting with Ms Truss. DON'T MISS:Have your say: Should Boris stay to see through Brexit? [OPINION]Brexit blamed as husband stopped from entering UK [REACTION]Huge flaws in UK and EU status exposed as Truss fights to scrap deal [INSIGHT] No deadlines risks talks being prolonged for many weeks or months to come. It risks Brexiteers beginning to lose patience in the process, and confidence in Ms Truss to force the EU to capitulate. The South West Norfolk MP said the two "teams continue intensive discussions". The Foreign Secretary has worked hard to build her reputation as someone who can be trusted with Brexit since the 2016 EU referendum. Despite campaigning to remain in the bloc she has become a favourite among Leavers. Her hard work to win over support now risks being undermined. Taking on the Protocol talks halfway through discussions was never going to be an easy task. But if she fails to deliver in Protocol talks her hopes of a future Tory leadership bid risk being left in ruin.