The Chancellor is considering a £500 payout to help people with soaring energy bills. Meanwhile, the Prime Minister is championing diagnostic hubs that will take pressure off hospitals and ensure people get vital tests. He recognises that NHS staff are tired and stressed and that waiting lists must be tackled "absolutely ruthlessly". The £3.2billion investment in the new hubs will mean that people do not miss out on life-saving diagnoses and hospital staff can get on with delivering treatments.This comes as radical moves are considered to ensure that hard-up families are not pushed into poverty by rises in their energy bills. There are fears that regulator Ofgem's price cap could go up to £2,400 in October. Ensuring access to healthcare and affordable energy should be the priorities for the Government. Ministers must not be distracted from this vital work by the antics of disloyal and egoistical MPs who should focus on the priorities of the electorate. As the country escapes the pandemic there is so much work to be done.The PM and the Chancellor understand the scale of challenge facing the country, and they should get on with the job. -------- Mistakes by the Department for Work and Pensions mean tens of thousands of people have been underpaid by £1billion. It is scandalous that 134,000 pensioners, many of them women, have lost out as a result of bureaucratic bungling, and it is deeply sad that many will have died before getting the cash they deserved. Dame Meg Hillier, who chairs parliament's spending watchdog, described the fiasco as a "shameful shambles". What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It is worrying that widows and divorcées are among the worst hit. The situation must be put right with true urgency. Too many pensioners live with money worries. It is intolerable that a failure to pay full pensions has intensified suffering. -------- This is a rail cancellation that for once we can all welcome. Unnecessary on-board tannoy announcements will be axed. In a "bonfire of the banalities", the messages that blare out of carriage speakers will be kept to a minimum. Train travel will be less of an ordeal if grindingly mundane and pointless announcements are phased out.