Dear God – who are these academics who insult each and every student by treating them like they’re all teetering on the brink of a mental breakdown and will be pushed over the edge by reading a book that was written 74 years ago? These undergraduates are adults for goodness sake! The whole point of them going to university is to expand their minds by reading books that excite, disturb, upset and make them think. Don’t these university bods – whose stupidity and lack of common sense isn’t just offensive its actually frightening – understand that what they’re doing is bringing about the society that was depicted in 1984. The book rams home powerful messages about what happens when a society doesn’t appreciate and treasure its own history and its academic freedoms. And now, in the 21st century, we’re seeing exactly what happens. One clever online commentator this week said: “1984 was intended as a warning not an instruction manual” and he’s right. Kids are being taught to believe they live in a dystopian state – just like the one in Orwell’s novel. Universities are fast becoming Big Brother campuses where only one voice, one thought is allowed and anyone who strays from that path and tries to employ original thought is persecuted or “cancelled”. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen says: “Too many of us – and nowhere is it more evident than our universities – have freely given up our rights to conform instead to a homogenised society governed by a liberal elite ‘protecting’ us from ideas they believe to be too extreme for our sensibilities.” It’s so true. Students in Northampton have even had a “trigger warning” about a book that features a disabled person and the death of an animal. Hell, disability and the death of animals are part of their actual lives so why do they have to be warned about them being featured in a book? And why does so called “academia” seem to be peopled by some of the most confused, disturbed and unstable people on the planet who are being allowed to foist their maladjusted ideas and beliefs” onto impressionable young people? Why are they making them afraid of books? And Northampton isn’t the only university to issue these ludicrous warnings. Salford Uni issued one about Jane Eyre and Great Expectations. And Cambridge is warning about the content of children’s classics like Little House on the Prairie written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and Charles Kingsley’s The Water Babies. What next? Will universities start burning books they think are distressing? Will there be a bonfire of the classics so that no one in the future can be upset by them? Don’t laugh because we’re pretty close to that scenario right now. They’re already toppling statues. Books will be next. What’s terrifying for every parent is that university is supposed to be a place where their kids go to expand their minds, pursue knowledge, challenge prejudices. Oh, yes and study something that will get them a job. Instead they’re becoming institutions where young people are being brainwashed and moulded into fragile, helpless, unthinking creatures who are upset and offended by everything. God help them when they have to go out into the real world. Because that’s full of situations that are upsetting and distressing and hurtful and these young people will have no clue how to deal with them!