How long before this produces a road rage incident? Exactly the same applies to smart motorways, which of course aren't smart, aren't clever and certainly aren't practical. The people who come up with these ideas should be publicly brought to book and in addition, there should have been discussions beforehand. Cyclists should not be allowed on roads in cities ‑ sorry Jeremy Vine. Nobody drives into a town or city now unless they have to, and making the journeys of those people as intolerable as possible is indefensible. Too many cyclists are arrogant. They feel superior to other road-users. But nothing would make me want to ride a bike on a road with cars and you are not going to get rid of cars no matter how hard Sadiq Khan tries. Please could common sense prevail? On Sunday evening I watched Trigger Point on ITV, starring Vicky McClure as a bomb disposal expert. It is fabulous. A little gory perhaps, but in context it is seat-gripping and now I want to see next week's episode straight away. Well done to everyone concerned. Would that I could say the same elsewhere. After half an hour of Martin Freeman's new BBC One show The Responder, about a flaky cop, I had to turn off. Lord Sugar complained about Freeman's Scouse accent, but I think it was remarkably good. What annoyed me was the topic of mental health. It seems to be all people talk about these days and it's overkill. We all have psychological problems and always have had, but now it's the first thing we complain about. Can we get a grip? There have been many complaints about the effect lockdown has had on us. Businesses have been destroyed as have people's lives. But apparently one of the biggest problems ‑ which nobody is talking about ‑ is the loss of libido. People in relationships have been spending so much time together that their interest in sex has waned. So rather than having a baby boom in the near future, we are looking at the opposite. However, now people are coming up with all sorts of ideas to spice up their sex life. Before you all get over-excited, I have nothing to say on the subject at all ‑ except that I have found in relationships that not living in each other's pockets is a really good idea. With the lockdown a lot of people had no choice, but a little social distancing in all relationships is not a bad thing. Maybe a few days apart, or a night or two out with the girls or boys or a short holiday with friends and not each other might be a good idea. Some people are even saying sex isn't everything. Not sure I agree there... What is behind the drip drip drip feed of negative information about the Prime Minister and the Government? All these stories seem to have come out of nowhere and will almost certainly end up being debunked. And to top it off we now have the story about a Colin the Caterpillar birthday cake. We're on the brink of war, we are still dealing with the pandemic and the rising costs of living, but all some parts of the media seem concerned about is parties, cake and getting rid of Boris Johnson. Is this because the lefty liberal elites are still licking their wounds about the fact we have now left the European dictatorship? It's time to stop. There's an election in a couple of years and we can decide the way the country is run by the democratic process, which we in this country are still lucky enough to have. Sometimes I think that as we become ever more woke and more wishy-washy, this nation is going to fall into oblivion. Or maybe I'm just affected by the cold weather. Telling people they will be getting benefit sanctions if they refuse to take a job when there are jobs available seems like a good idea ‑ until you think it through. A lot of people, particularly those who have been unemployed for a long time, either don't want to work or are unemployable for all kinds of reasons. So is there really any point in trying to force someone to get a job who doesn't want one, because let's face it, they won't be trying very hard and they certainly won't be very enthusiastic? Maybe we just have to admit that there are people who simply don't want to contribute. Jacob Rees-Mogg last week said that he felt that if Boris Johnson had to leave his post as Prime Minister, then there might have to be a general election. He's absolutely right. The idea that you can change the leader of any party without there being a general election, or even cross the floor of the House like Tory Christian Wakeford and join another party that you weren't elected to represent, should get serious discussion. But at this moment, if we could just concentrate on the migrant crisis, the Russians and the economy, I would be eternally grateful to those of you in Parliament. You are, after all, our servants, which I think you sometimes forget. Now 30 MPs want to have a debate about getting rid of conversion therapy. Religions, who shy away from gayness, also wish to join this debate. I'm sick of the lot of them. We are born with a sexuality and it is normal for young people to question that sexuality. But some are forced to go to one of these charlatans who will try to convince them they are not gay. Why are religions obsessed with sex? I have no problem with people having faith, but religions are all about controlling other people. Stop this barbaric practice now. Are people swearing a lot more than they used to? I was chatting to a mate the other day in the street  ‑ and I speak as one who enjoys the odd Anglo-Saxon word ‑ and expletives were flowing thick and fast around us. In a restaurant recently language was just as fruity. I don't have a problem with the words, but they are diminished by overuse and don't have the same power when we want to use them to make a forceful point. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea