In recent days, the catalogue of carnage has been lengthened by chilling new incidents,  including a frenzied, fatal knife attack in broad daylight on a woman in Maida Vale, west London, a double killing on the streets of Doncaster, and the slaughter of a teenager in Norwich. Restoring public safety should be a top priority for our authorities through the apprehension and prosecution of criminals. Yet our enfeebled justice system allows too many of them to act with impunity. Britain used to be renowned as the most well-ordered nation on earth, but today the moral confidence of our courts and constabularies has collapsed and the law is no longer enforced with rigour and integrity. The figures on this breakdown in resolve are staggering. Just seven percent of all reported crimes now lead to any legal action against the culprits. So great is the reluctance to prosecute that offences such as shoplifting and cannabis possession have in practice almost been legalised. That institutional negligence applies even to the most disturbing crimes, with only 6.8 percent of violent crimes resulting in a charge or court summons. The statistics for rape are even worse. As this paper revealed on Friday, suspects are now charged in just one in every 77 cases. In the words of Victims Commissioner Dame Vera Baird, this "barely discernible" prosecution rate of 1.3 percent means that "we are faced with the crushing reality that the criminal justice system is continuing to fail rape victims in increasing number". Nor are the courts always tough if offenders do end up in the dock. A recent Ministry of Justice report showed that 44 percent of repeat knife offenders were given non-custodial sentences in 2020, despite the Government's pledge of "two strikes and you're out". Another study, in June 2021, revealed that one third of convicted sex offenders avoided jail, with 20 percent of those found guilty of assault of girls under 13 handed community or suspended sentences. What makes this climate of leniency more depressing is its arbitrary nature, for it is plain to see that the agencies of the state can galvanise themselves into action when it suits their political or ideological priorities. It is impossible to escape the contrast between the shameful inaction on rape and the zeal with which the Metropolitan Police under Dame Cressida Dick have decided to investigate the saga over lockdown parties in Downing Street, following the inquiry by top civil servant Sue Gray into the case. The Met's investigation could cost millions of pounds, last for months and paralyse the Government. Dame Cressida said that her team will go "where the evidence takes us", which is surely a never-ending process given that Boris Johnson's enemies, led by former aide Dominic Cummings, will relish the chance to use any material against him. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They will hope that the longer this drags on, the more he is damaged. But police should not join in this game. Their decision to investigate on a grand scale shows no sense of proportion. Even if some of the politicans and staffers are found guilty of breaching lockdown rules, their pushishment will only be a fixed penalty notice. Partygate is serious, involving trust in the Government, but it is essentially a political and moral question, not a legalistic one. The Prime Minister's fate should be decided by the voters or their democratically elected representatives in Parliament, not by the erratic judgment of Dame Cressida. "No one is above the law," cry the supporters of police toughness with No 10. If only that were true. Plenty of hardened criminals seem above the law in modern Britain, from people-traffickers to Covid loan fraudsters. The double standards are extraordinary. The police go in hard on women holding a vigil for Sarah Everard, raped and murderedby vile rogue officer Wayne Cousins, yet are soft with Insulate Britain who hold the road network to ransom. While being eager to investigate Downing Street revelries, and minor infractions emerging from social media, the Metropolitan Police over the last two years have cleared up only 10 percent of violent attacks on people in the capital, just 8.7 percent of robberies and 5.5 percent of burglaries. Lack of courage and consistency are making a mockery of justice. The British public deserve better.