“Good morning, madam. I’m here for your annual subscription for Radio 1.”“But I don’t listen to Radio 1.”“That’s up to you. You still have to pay for it. Oh, and Radio 2, 3 and 4 while I’m here.”“I don’t listen to them either. You can come in and check if you like. My radio’s permanently tuned to LBC, Talk Radio and Virgin. Why must I pay for stations I never hear?” “It’s the law, madam. You can go to prison if you don’t pay up. Let me see… (consults clipboard) … ah yes. I see you’ve paid for BBC1 and BBC2 but have yet to pay for BBC4. There’s quite an amount outstanding.” “But I never watch BBC4. I don’t even know what BBC4 is! Why do I have to pay for that too? This just isn’t fair!” “It’s me or the bailiffs, madam. Your choice…” And that’s it in a nutshell, really, isn’t it? Maybe 30 or 40 years ago the licence fee made a kind of rudimentary sense, with no commercial alternatives to the BBC other than ITV, but in today’s sprawling multi-media market it’s a screaming anachronism. If I want to watch Sky programmes, I pay for a Sky box, a dish, and choose the subscription that suits my needs. I don’t have to pay for Sky channels I don’t watch and anyway they won’t be available to me if I don’t ask for them. If I like what Netflix has to offer, I’ll flash my plastic. I don’t have to pay to watch ITV or Channel 4, but that’s because they’re funded by advertising. I don’t even have to watch the commercials ‑ if I’m viewing on catch-up or a recording, I can just spin through the ads. There’s been much debate this week about the BBC’s future after Nadine Dorries announced the licence fee will be frozen for two years and possibly abolished altogether soon after that. Some, including friends of mine who work in commercial broadcasting, have said they’d die in a ditch to protect it. I can’t understand this. We live in a free market. Why must I pay the BBC for the right to own a television that has access to a host of alternative channels? Why must I be fined or jailed if I refuse? And why does abolishing the licence fee mean the death rites being read over Auntie’s expiring form? Why can’t she be funded by subscription, like Sky and Netflix? Why can’t the BBC show adverts? Would Life On Earth be any less riveting if there was a commercial break every 20 minutes or so? And what makes BBC News so special? Why is BBC News At Ten inherently more valuable than ITV News At Ten? Is R4’s Today programme intrinsically superior to Nick Ferrari over on LBC? No, it’s not. The world of broadcasting has changed. It’s high time Auntie changed with it. Three cheers for the peers. Lords this week voted down government proposals to restrict protesters’ rights ‑ they would not be allowed to get too noisy (really... on a protest?), stopped and searched in case they had a tube of superglue secreted about their person, etc. Look. We’ve had quite enough restrictions on our freedoms. This country is appreciably less free for the individual today than it was two years ago. We’ve been bossed, bullied and half frightened to death by ghastly apparatchiks who’ve delighted in seeing people arrested for sitting three abreast on a park bench, or having a few too many guests at a barbecue, some nosy neighbour thrilled to snitch on them to the police. Yes, Insulate Britain protesters need bringing to book with their superglued-to-the-Tarmac roadblocks. But we have laws to do that already ‑ obstructing the highway, criminal damage, public nuisance, etc. They just need enforcing. Women wouldn’t have the vote today if it weren’t for the Suffragettes and their fearless, noisy, and yes, sometimes illegal demos. Rowdy protest is a British tradition. Thank the Lord for the lords. A London restaurant is serving stuffed duck neck with the creature’s head still attached. It sparked debate about whether meat-eaters should be forced to look at images of the animal we’re about to tuck into. Hmm. It’s true that when I buy a pound of pork sausages a visual image of a grinning pig is unlikely to pop into my head. But why should it? Must I peer at a photo of a lovely willow tree when I buy a cricket bat? Or the scarred landscape left by a china clay mine when I’m picking out crockery? Enough with these pointless guilt trips. The curse of Strictly continues. Professional dancer Nadiya Bychkova is reported to have split from her footballer fiancé and become “close” to fellow programme pro Kai Widdrington. Maybe it’s time the series added a relationship counsellor and a divorce lawyer to the end credits. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea