That is precisely what happened in the recent repeated demonstrations by Extinction Rebellion and Insulate Britain. These movements tarnished the cause of environmental concern with destructive antics. Paralysing local economies and holding neighbourhoods to ransom, these self-righteous, largely middle-class zealots in cited misery on working people trying to earn a living. It was to tackle this kind of nihilism that the Government proposed legislation to limit some of its worst excesses, like the eco-warriors’ habit of glueing themselves to objects or interfering with key parts of our national infrastructure. Such measures, set out in amendments to the Police and Crime Bill, have generally been welcomed by the public, fed up with the radical posturing of workshy attention-seekers. Yet the green trouble-makers found an ally in the Lords. In an extraordinary display of defiance against the wishes of the elected Commons, peers voted to defeat the Government no fewer than 14 times on proposals in the Bill, including curbs on out-of-control protests. Trying to justify this hostile stance, members of the Lords wailed about the dangers of authoritarianism as if Boris Johnson’s embattled administration is like something out of the Soviet bloc. With absurd hyperbole, labour peer lord Hain ‑ a man brought up in apartheid South africa ‑ claimed the Bill was “the biggest threat to the right to dissent and the right to pro- test in my lifetime”. Green peer lady Jones described the legislation as “oppressive and plain nasty”. Such overblown language shows neither a sense of proportion nor respect for the needs of the public. But perhaps we should not be surprised at a collusion between the Lords and the hardline green brigade. Both are marinated in affluent privilege and divorced from mainstream opinion. Both are unelected and unaccountable, yet do not feel inhibited from exerting a heavy influence on our lives. And both cost the taxpayer a fortune for no benefit. Last August, the bill for policing extinction rebellion was put at more than £50million, while by December the burden of dealing with Insulate Britain had reached £4.3million. In a similar vein, expenditure on the lords in the last financial year came to £131.7million, a total inflated by the daily £323 allowance peers receive simply for attending the House, even if they do not intervene in any debates or ask any questions. The Upper House used to be seen as a citadel of reactionary Toryism, but today it is an echo chamber of smug progressive groupthink. Dominated by washed-up Labour politicians, chattering mediocrities from the Lib Dems and earnest campaigners from pressure groups, it is more like a gigantic expensive quango than a proper legislative body.  Indeed it is ridiculous that the House has survived so long into the 21st century. There should be no place in a modern democracy for an institution whose members are not chosen through the ballot box, but instead owe their status to political cronyism or worse to an accident of birth, as is the case with the 92 hereditary peers. Some defenders of the lords claim the quality of debate is higher there than in the Commons, but that is more deceit. There is usually neither oratory nor drama in the House, only the recitation of tired platitudes from prepared texts. Constitutional expert Walter Bagehot, a shrewd observer of Victorian politics, declared “the cure for admiring the House of Lords is to look at it.” Those words are just as true today. Unfortunately the Upper House is a bloated anachronism, utterly unfit for any role in the governance of our nation. With more than 800 members, it is the world’s second-largest legislature after the National People’s assembly in China ‑ another body without any democratic credentials. Its willingness to thwart the Crime Bill should be the cue for its replacement by an elected second chamber. As Winston Churchill, who refused a peerage on his retirement as PM, put it, in a true democracy, “the people should rule and public opinion, expressed by all constitutional means, should shape, guide and control the actions of ministers.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea