Amid the continuing furore over alleged breaches of lockdown by Downing Street revellers, this coming week could decide his fate. If the report by top civil servant Sue Gray is damning about his role in the "partygate" scandal, he will struggle to survive. But if he escapes serious censure he can begin the process of recovery. Never before has a prime minister been so dependent on the verdict of an official about his personal behaviour.  It is a unique moment in the history of our parliamentary democracy. Previous incumbents forced out of No.10 against their will lost either a general election or the support of their MPs on a great issue of state. Theresa May, for instance, fell because of Brexit; Tony Blair, Iraq; and Sir Anthony Eden, Suez. The only example of a premier quitting on a minor question was the Liberal peer Lord Rosebery in 1895, who resigned in a huff over a row about the supply of ammunition to the British army. But Rosebery, a prickly, hypersensitive insomniac unsuited to the highest office, was desperate for an excuse to depart. Boris Johnson is the very opposite. A figure of astonishing resilience, he has an unrivalled capacity for creating self-inflicted disasters and somehow surviving them. His career is littered with scrapes and scandals that would have felled most other politicians. Typically, the present mess is partly of his own making, due to his spectacular failure to ensure his own office complied with the Government's Covid rules. That hypocrisy has been compounded by his unbelievable excuses, notably his description of a garden party in May 2020 as "a work event".  Nevertheless he is still standing. At times last week his downfall looked inevitable, as fevered talk of an imminent vote of no-confidence swept through Tory ranks and he himself gave a humiliating television interview, complete with head bowed. Yet by Wednesday evening the plot against him had collapsed like a badly cooked souffle. This was partly because of Johnson's own fighting spirit, as shown by his heroically combative performance at Prime Minister's Questions. His determination proved more than a match for the naivety of the conspirators, particularly those new MPs from the 2019 intake, who had neither a clear plan nor the stomach for the fight, as shown by their endless moans over bullying by the whips. Johnson was further helped by two histrionic acts of treachery that united the party behind him. One was the defection of Bury South MP Christian Wakeford to the Labour Party. There is nothing any political party hates more than a turncoat. The other was the melodramatic intervention in the Commons by former Cabinet Minister David Davis, who used the hoary old quote from Cromwell to tell Johnson, "in the name of God, go."  But because Davis is widely viewed as an embittered, unreliable attentionseeker, his attack seemed theatrical rather than threatening. the Prime Minister had other advantages, like the lack of an obvious successor, since both front-runners - Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss - are inexperienced. Mainstream Tory MPs also stepped back from the brink, as the internecine strife of a leadership contest could have looked like the height of self-indulgence at a time of a potential war in Europe, an unprecedented global pandemic and a cost-of-living crisis. Moreover, there was a fear of dumping the biggest figure in British politics who, for all his flaws, not only led the Tories in 2019 to their greatest victory since 1987 but also delivered Brexit and a world-beating vaccine programme. Last week's announcement of record-breaking employment and the end of Covid restrictions served as reminders that the Prime Minister - while cavalier in his methods - so often gets the crucial decisions right.  Previous leaders have come through worse predicaments than Johnson's current ordeal. In 1981, Margaret Thatcher was confronted by economic meltdown, dismal ratings, Cabinet rebellions and urban riots yet she remained in post for nine years. Similarly, Harold Wilson overcame a serious plot in 1968 and remained Labour leader until 1976. "I know what's going on - I'm going on," he said defiantly at the height of the manoeuvres against him. Those words should inspire Boris Johnson today. He made it to the top through his unique appeal to the public. He has done more in two years at the helm than most politicians achieve in a lifetime. He still outclasses anyone else in his party. And he may not be finished yet. 