Now imagine being told that you can't yet get that help. Instead you need to wait. And wait. And wait. Average waiting times across the country are an estimated 43 days. We've heard from young people who've waited for up to three years. Every day of that wait can feel like an eternity - waking each morning knowing that you need help but you won't get it. Knowing that, while you wait, things could get worse and an already tough situation could become a crisis. To those of us who are parents, grandparents, carers, doctors or school staff, this may be a familiar story. And as we come through this pandemic with more young people than ever needing help with their mental health. , more and more of us are experiencing the heartbreak of re-living this cycle, day in, day out, feeling powerless to make things better for the children we love. In recent years, we've seen more action and Government investment on this issue, and in some parts of the country that is leading to positive signs of improvement. And professionals have done an unbelievable job to keep services running in the most testing of circumstances.  However, with such significant rises in demand for support, much more is needed. I started by telling you I felt hopeful, and here's why. We've spoken to over 10,000 young people and we have solutions that we know would make a real difference to hundreds of thousands of lives - quickly. What if young people didn't have to wait until things got worse before they got help? What if we had a system that, instead of intervening at crisis point, provided support when problems first started? At YoungMinds, alongside many other organisations, we're campaigning for a national rollout of "early support hubs". We've seen the difference these hubs can make where they exist in parts of the country, as well as in countries like Australia where full, national set-ups exist.  See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest To access help at one of these hubs, young people just need to turn up and say, "I'm not feeling great" - and they'll find people who they can talk to. Hubs would also provide other kinds of early support, from employment to sexual health. Hubs are also great at engaging with groups who are less likely to access NHS services, including black and other minoritised young people. We know that for many parents, carers, school staff and GPs it would provide peace of mind that there is somewhere to direct young people to when they're struggling. That's why tens of thousands of you have already joined our Fund the Hubs campaign. The Government is soon to consult on a new plan for the nation's mental health. This plan is an unmissable opportunity to put an early support hub at the heart of every community. 