The US press secretary said that nothing has been ruled out. War could conceivably ensue. There are differing schools of thought on how to deal with the bellicose Russian president Vladimir Putin. But let's be in no doubt ‑ his brinkmanship over Ukraine, a sovereign nation which Mr Putin believes should be Russian territory, is a callous provocation. In 2014 Mr Putin annexed the Crimean peninsula in Eastern Ukraine. Ukraine is right to be fearful. Mr Putin also hopes to strike a blow at Western military interests and to that end he has demanded that NATO does not take Ukraine as a member. He has shown that he is prepared to use the energy crisis to his ends ‑ the EU relies on Russia for around 40 percent of its gas. Mr Putin clearly enjoys the consternation he is causing, and hopes to make history. He would be foolhardy to invade Ukraine. A mixed but resolute approach is the way forward, so that Mr Putin's deadly game of bluff can be called. As the saying goes, there are two certainties ‑ death and taxes. And with the dire need for social care and to refill the post-pandemic purse, Boris Johnson has signalled that he will stick with his unpopular plan to increase National Insurance in April ‑ just as the energy price cap ends and the pain will be keenly felt. We do need to fund the NHS which has been run ragged by Covid, and at least the NI plan offers some kind of sustainable solution to funding social care. But let's make sure this special NI contribution is ringfenced and spent directly on social care where it is sorely needed. In a winter when a walk to the shops seems a step too far, we applaud three plucky women. Having arrived in Antigua in their craft Dolly Parton, they broke the world record for rowing 3,000 miles across the Atlantic and raised £100,000 between three cancer charities. They number Abby Johnston, 32 and Charlotte Irving, 31 ‑ but teammate Kat Cordiner, 42, who has secondary ovarian cancer, must take the loudest cheer. As we emerge from our homes post-pandemic, one can hardly think of a more inspirational tale. Ladies ‑ we salute you. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea