"Heaven knows, in Ulster, what I have looked for is a peace within the realms of the possible. We could only have started from where we actually were, not from where we would have liked to be.” More than two decades later and negotiation is underway to resolve a trade agreement with the EU and specifically the working of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Lord Trimble and other Unionist leaders are united in opposition to the Protocol, which they say splits Ulster from Britain and breaks the Belfast Agreement.  DUP Agriculture Minister Edwin Poots may suspend parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol unilaterally, if the UK does not. British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has taken her place in the negotiations and declared her “absolute priority to… safeguard peace.” As a group of more than 80 backbench Conservative MPs committed to strengthening the Union, we support Liz Truss’ concern for peace and Lord Trimble’s pragmatic instincts. We also believe invoking Article 16 of the Protocol is a step towards securing the peace and preserving the integrity of our Union. Right now, trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland is being strangled by checks. Some 20% of EU customs checks take place at NI ports, despite trade flows making up less than 0.5% of the EU total. That is more than all the checks on international goods in French ports – and has caused a 60% increase in Irish trade flows to compensate. Despite this diversion of trade, the Commission doesn’t think the UK has come close to imposing the required number of customs checks. Its offer last November to reduce customs checks required us to impose all the EU’s requirements before any reduction could be negotiated. Furthermore, required variations in VAT, subsidy and corporate tax regimes would act like an economic ratchet that over time will tear Northern Ireland away from the rest of the UK.  This is unthinkable – and it is not the spirit of cooperation envisaged in the Protocol. Deep seated concerns about identity and belonging within Northern Ireland are beginning to stir the surface of once quieted communities. Accordingly calls to suspend the checks on goods within the UK are growing. Invoking Article 16 is the mechanism within the Protocol for doing this. Some say that such action would be a reckless act that threatens a prolonged trade war, a hard border and that irreparable damage to UK trade and the Belfast Agreement must follow. However, these claims do not survive even a cursory examination. Far from being an act of ill-will, both parties agreed to include Article 16 within the Protocol. And recent EU accusations that the UK government is “agitating the issue of Article 16” ignore the fact it is not the UK that has been issuing threats. In February 2021, EU Vice President Maros Sefcovic stated the Protocol was the “only way to protect” the Belfast Agreement. Since then he has threatened a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland at least eight times – while the UK has consistently ruled out imposing a border, in any circumstances, since 2017.  Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea There is also no need for either a hard land or sea border. The UK government’s Alternative Arrangements Commission (AAC) concluded that a combination of mutual enforcement and technology could deliver an effective soft border solution. This solution is reachable, but only if the UK Government invokes Article 16 immediately. Removing the internal UK border would also place the European Commission in a serious dilemma and may encourage their consideration of alternative arrangements. Should the Commission demand the Irish Government erect a hard border and import bans against Northern Ireland, it would provoke a furious public reaction – and risk a deep rift with Washington. Should the Commission impose sanctions on Britain, the impact on the 80% of road freight between the EU and Ireland that moves through the UK would also hurt Ireland. Alternative arrangements are the pragmatic response to where we are. Customs checks between NI and Ireland are as intolerable for some as erecting a customs border within the United Kingdom is to others. But there is no need for a hard land or sea border and both the peace process and the status of Northern Ireland within the UK can be preserved. Invoking Article 16 to remove internal UK border checks will take both parties one step closer to delivering the alternative arrangements that allow businesses and communities in the UK and Ireland to live their lives, uninterrupted by borders – and the fear of a mislabelled sandwich making its way into either single market. Robin Millar is the Member of Parliament for Aberconwy and Chairman of the Conservative Union Research Unit (Twitter @ConservativeURU). 