But, on the other hand, if it looks and sounds like a relaunch then it’s probably a relaunch. And this week there is a growing sense across Westminster and Whitehall that after a very turbulent few weeks, Boris Johnson is getting the show back on the road. He has done this by refocusing, many would say belatedly, on some of the main things that won him that huge election victory a little over two years ago. Yesterday, exactly two years after his achievement in getting the UK out of the EU as the British people had instructed but the British establishment had obstructed, the Government set out plans to make more use of the freedom of manoeuvre Brexit brings. And this week we will also be getting more flesh on the bones of the “levelling-up” agenda that was Johnson’s other trump card in that historic demolition of Labour and Jeremy Corbyn in 2019. It looks like handing control of implementing this priority to the razor-sharp mind of Michael Gove will turn out to be a masterstroke. ON THE foreign stage Johnson is also making waves, placing himself foursquare at the head of the UK’s so-far impressive response to the Ukraine crisis by flying out for talks with key international leaders. And as to the wider Covid picture, another welcome decision has been made not to go through with sacking unvaccinated NHS staff thanks to the wider success of the Government’s approach to Omicron and the booster programme. As Mr Johnson put it yesterday: “The UK is coming out of Covid faster than virtually any other European country.” These past weeks have been a struggle. After the publication of the interim Gray Report, nobody should imagine that Mr Johnson has emerged entirely unscathed.  At a time when so much restraint and sacrifice was being asked – with good reason – of the British public, a more disciplined political operation would have appreciated the need for Downing Street figures to be bomb-proof when it came to sticking to the rules. And there is still a Metropolitan Police investigation rumbling on, which may result in more difficult times for the PM and his team. But it will still come as music to the ears of 17.4million Leave voters to learn about the new Brexit Freedoms Bill, which will make it easier to get rid of many EU laws that do not suit our circumstances. “We will go forward with an independent approach. In all the new technology areas where the UK excels, in data and cyber and artificial intelligence and a huge range of other areas,” said the PM. And on levelling-up, there are welcome signs that Mr Gove is starting to pull together the disparate strands into a coherent whole. Deprived areas of Sheffield and Wolverhampton will be the first to benefit from new housing and jobs, with 18 other towns and cities due to hear details of schemes that will help them before long. The projects will focus on creating new infrastructure on so-called brownfield land and all should be under way before the next election, expected in May 2024.  In any other era, a leader called Boris might be expected to be talking on behalf of Russia, but this week Britain’s Boris is standing up to Russia, warning President Putin that any invasion of Ukraine will have disastrous consequences for it. Mr Johnson, who will visit Ukraine today is expected to tell Putin in a phone call to “step back from the brink”. “An invasion of Ukraine would be an absolute disaster for the world, and above all it would be a disaster for Russia,” he told reporters yesterday. There can be little doubt that of all the European powers, it is Britain under Johnson that is offering the people of Ukraine the most telling support. IT IS obvious that the Prime Minister still needs to get more heft into his team at No 10. I have called in the past for him to recruit an experienced hand, like Willie Whitelaw was to Margaret Thatcher – a minister for banana skins to tell him when he is in danger of falling flat on his face and to restrain him from doing so. But in the end the next elections will be won and lost on the big picture. On Covid, on Brexit, on levelling-up and on living standards – where the real political battle will be fought this spring – the Government needs to show it has got a grip. Breathless TV reports of Boris’s political demise turned out to be an exaggeration. But he will need to be consistently on top of his game from now on to prevent them coming true. 