Now I’m mired in forensic attempts to differentiate a party from a plain old gathering, a soiree from an extravaganza and a drunken bacchanal from a work meeting – and I am flailing. What turns a simple rendezvous into a full-blown party? Is booze the pivotal factor? One can barely imagine a boozeless celebration. On the other hand we’ve all pitched up to many pedestrian events at which rivers of plonk fail to create a festive atmosphere. Is food the fundamental requirement? Does finger food alone constitute a party? This is a tough one. We don’t consume squares of cheese on sticks in real life. We don’t eat mini fish and tiny chips in weeny cones of pretend newspaper on a regular Thursday evening. On the other hand, the mere presence of a platter of miniature pizzas doesn’t in itself a party make. I’m sure that I have demolished cocktail sausages while enduring leaden conversation at deadly PTA meetings. Maybe music makes a party? Alas, I think not. Music bubbles away in lifts as they ascend from basement to roof terrace. Even with the most exuberant fellow passengers, you couldn’t call such a trip a junket. Equally, every kitchen has a radio or Alexa but even with Michael Bublé singing away, it doesn’t turn a bout of defrosting the freezer into a fandango.   Parties are centre stage right now. All sorts of celebs from Ross Kemp, Alan Titchmarsh and Gary Lineker are exhorting us to go hell for leather and throw street parties on June 5 as National Thank You Day – the grand finale of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. But why do we need encouragement from the great and the good to unfurl the bunting, crack out the sausage rolls and schlep the kitchen chairs into the middle of the road? I still smile when I remember the larks engulfing our street for the 1977 Silver Jubilee. Rock cakes were scoffed. Her Maj was toasted with warm wine. And perhaps that’s the conundrum solved. If there’s a possibility of fun or frolics you are at a party. Even if the only participants are you, your grandchildren and five plates of jelly and ice cream.  CONGRATULATIONS to all Type 2 diabetics who have typically lost an impressive two stone in just three months on a soup and shake diet. The achievement has been hailed by experts as “fantastic”. Jubilant health officials say it shows that lifestyle overhauls can be achieved. Well, far be it from me to pour cold water on their heroic results, but as a seasoned yo-yo dieter, I’d counsel caution. Many of us have resorted to extreme calorie reduction with spectacular success. We are delighted. We are invigorated. Until… we celebrate our success with a single slice of pie and behold we are sucked into the over-eating vortex all over again. Losing weight is damn difficult. Keeping it off is a soul-destroying nightmare. A MILLION women in the UK are struggling to escape a gambling addiction. Discussing the phenomenon with Liz Karter, a leading therapist specialising in gambling, was a revelation. Apparently men gamble for the thrill. They are hooked on the adrenalin and become dependent on the rush of dopamine. Women, on the other hand, gamble to escape reality. Engaged in online betting we zone out, disappear into a trance-like state. Our blood pressure drops and if wearing a sports watch, find we have entered a meditative state. Talk about Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus. Was ever there a more dramatic or perplexing illustration of our differences? DAVINA McCall is a tonic. She’s a human whirlwind exuding energy, enthusiasm and empathy. Having swathed herself in capacious garments through her 30s and 40s, she’s now rocking short, tight bodycon dresses with pulsating pizazz at the age of 54. Davina, ascribes her confidence and joie de vivre to a “second spring”. I adore her attitude. Why not see the passing of the years as a chance to have a second enthusiastic bash at life? To all the interviewers who ask me with a face of concerned doom how I feel about my imminent 60th birthday, the answer is “grateful!” See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest NOW it’s being suggested that Adele’s relationship with the fellow known as “millionaire sports agent” Rich Paul is in trouble. She’s said to be doing her utmost to piece their unravelling love back together. If a troubled romance has contributed even partly to her Las Vegas cancellations, Adele won’t be the first or last artist to find that emotional angst stops performance. I feel for her. It’s tough enough singing about thwarted love years after the event. Being slap-bang in the middle of potential break-up must do the most horribly unlyrical stuff to the head, heart and vocal cords. I KNOW I said I’d never do it. I know… I’ve gone over to the dark side. What I didn’t predict was that a month after succumbing to Instagram’s allure I’d be head over heels in love with the app. I don’t know if it’s the dopamine rush when the tiny heart throbs red and a stranger “likes” your post or if it’s the constant creative challenge of thinking up new content. All I know is that joining in has perked me up no end, the other half and I have thoroughly bonded, and I’ve taken to calling him Ben Scorsese for his directing skills.