The edition is from the day after Margaret Thatcher announced she would be resigning as prime minister and leader of the Conservative Party following a rebellion led by europhile Michael Heseltine. "What have you done?" we asked the Conservative MPs that day, with right-thinking people in Britain still in shock at the betrayal. Their despicable actions not only robbed the UK of one of its greatest prime ministers, but in the end gave us 13 years of Labour government and deeper integration into the EU project. Now, remarkably, MPs are wondering if they should ditch Mr Johnson over a piece of cake and a drink in his garden. They need to remember the historic mistake of 1990 and the damage it did to their own party and Britain as a whole. They also should not forget Mr Johnson is a great Prime Minister ‑ he got Brexit done, freed us from the EU, led with distinction through Covid, not least with the vaccine rollout, and is now getting the country back on its feet quicker than other G7 nations. It is time that some of our political classes were more like Express readers with a sense of proportion and perspective as well as a willingness to stick by a leader who has more than delivered for this great country. A more important, but perhaps less attention-grabbing issue than the Prime Minister's cake, is the revelation that 206 post offices have closed over the last two years. This is deeply worrying because many people still rely on their services. The loss of these community hubs leaves a hole that cannot be filled. After the appalling way the Post Office shamefully treated many postmasters and mistresses with false allegations of fraud, it is perhaps not surprising many are quitting what is already a tough job. But there needs to be an intervention from the Government to reverse this decline for the wider good of society. We are all saddened to hear the news that comedy legend Barry Cryer has died aged 86. It seems, according to his son Bob, that he was still telling jokes just before he passed away. So amidst the sorrow perhaps we should hold on to the memories of laughter from a comic genius who was funny to the end. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea