As Covid took hold they were made virtual prisoners of a virus that kept them isolated from what was, for them, an already shrinking world. They were subjected to rules way tougher than the rest of us. They were forcibly kept away from their families – some for TWO years, years that were filled with loneliness and despair. The ones who didn’t make it died alone without the comforting touch or the soft loving words of family. Imagine that, a whole life lived and at the end – nothing and noone. If I hadn’t been able to hold my Mum and Dad in their final hours, kiss them, tell them how much I loved them, thank them and say goodbye, it would have haunted me forever. But that’s exactly what happened to countless families. And of everything that’s happened these last two years THAT has been this nation’s shame. And it’s why I’m disturbed by the caution with which many in the care sector met news that restrictions have been lifted. Now, residents are allowed unlimited visits and self-isolation periods will be cut for those who test positive. But the caution I’m hearing suggests this isn’t the preferred reality in many care homes. Some independent providers say “they’ll consider carefully” what to do next. What’s to consider? The restrictions are gone. Nadra Ahmed, chairman of the National Care Association, says homes will “aim towards allowing people to visit freely”. What does she mean? One manager suggested on TV that “unlimited visits” were too wide ranging: “What happens if 10 people from one family come to visit at once?” he asked. “We’d have hundreds here.” First, he knows that’s never going to happen because throughout this pandemic families have acted responsibly. Second, care homes should not be allowed to make up their own rules because it’s convenient (and less work) for them to limit the numbers coming in. I get that we can’t expose our elderly to risks because they are still susceptible to Covid. But we cannot have them being forbidden from seeing loved ones because it suits those running care homes. And there cannot be selective incarceration, with our elderly subjected to restrictions inside a care home that have no basis in law outside it. As one columnist put it this week: “Killers have more rights than care home residents.” And that has to stop because loneliness kills. I’ve lost count of the number of older people who’ve said they’d rather be dead than cooped up in their room, forbidden from seeing family for months. And what about the lunacy that saw fully vaccinated families denied access to loved ones, yet carers who had refused a jab could look after them? On what planet does that make sense? Being stripped of independence, of choice and of dignity is what terrifies most older people about going into homes. But to deprive them of love and support from family as well is actually inflicting harm. Research has shown social isolation and loneliness are linked to mental conditions, high blood pressure, cognitive decline, depression, a weakened immune system, even death. And we’ve all heard hellish, harrowing stories of all of those. It isn’t fair that at the end of someone’s life their actual human right to do what they want, see who they want is snatched away. Because THAT is the greatest indignity. There are lots of wonderful, compassionate carers and nurses who know that but who were confused about what the rules meant. But now those rules have gone, so keeping the elderly in even partial isolation cannot be the new normal. They’re fully vaccinated and must be allowed to live what life they have left in the way they choose. Because they’re much more than just a Covid risk – they’re people with hearts, minds, choices and beliefs. We must start respecting that. ---------- Only time will tell whether Prince Andrew is innocent of the sex allegations made against him by Jeffrey Epstein’s “sex slave” Virginia Roberts. However, his decision to demand trial by jury is insane. We all saw his car crash interview with Emily Maitlis, where he expressed zero empathy or compassion for Epstein’s victims. Andrew said he didn’t regret his association with the billionaire paedophile because he’d taught him about trade and business. And he refused to apologise for the friendship. He was his usual arrogant, supercilious, superior self. Imagine how that would go down in a courtroom? Imagine how he’ll react to David Boies, Roberts’ lawyer and one of America’s toughest litigators, whose humiliating cross examination of Bill Gates almost led to the dissolution of Microsoft? Andrew has spent his whole life with people kowtowing and saying, “Yes Sir”.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It’s been alleged he screams at and bullies staff who don’t do his bidding and has tantrums if he doesn’t get his own way. Is he really so stupid he imagines he could stand up to a lawyer like Boies? The Palace desperately wants him to settle out of court because they know only too well he’s likely to cock it up. But I suspect he won’t listen. As always, Andrew thinks he knows best – which is why he’s in the mess he’s in today! ---------- Liz Truss fancies herself as our next PM and for months she’s been behaving like a Thatcherin-waiting. There was the pompous Christmas card where she posed as though she was already in the job. There have been furtive meetings with MPs and officials mustering support for her if Boris falls. She ludicrously posed on a tank this week wagging her finger at Putin and telling him not to make a mistake (that’ll scare him). But I suspect she’s now blown her chances of the top job by taking a private plane to Australia at a cost of £500,000 to the taxpayer (business class would have been a mere £8,000). Her first excuse was that all commercial flights to Australia were booked (hard to believe as Oz has been in virtual lockdown for months). Her second was “security” and the fact she needed to be able to “return to the UK at short notice in an emergency”. Presumably she’s talking about Ukraine. Sorry, but if our Foreign Secretary thought war with Russia was imminent, why travel to the other side of the world? This flight was all about Truss’s ego, her vanity and her burgeoning sense of self-importance. Her office insists what she did was “within the rules”. I’m sure it was, but when many Brits are currently skint and struggling – it doesn’t look good. ---------- I’ve never had much time for Grant Shapps until this week. The Transport Minister wants to introduce a crime of “death by dangerous cycling” and says cyclists who cause fatal crashes should be treated exactly the same as motorists. Good! Because while drivers are demonised at every turn, cyclists appear to do whatever the hell they like. Just this week new rules say they can now ride in the middle of the road and they’re not obliged to stick to cycle lanes. On top of that they routinely ignore red lights, they break speed limits, they ride on pavements, race along shared paths and they cycle over zebra crossings while people are waiting to cross. And the law does little or nothing about it. Well hopefully now it will. Because everyone – but particularly pedestrians – need protecting! ---------- It's so irritating to hear female celebrities drone on about how they enjoy ageing; it’s liberating, empowering. Now Kirstie Allsopp has debunked this: “I marvel at those who say ageing is brilliant, ‘I’ve never felt better’, when in fact it means more aches and pains, more work keeping your weight down, the hairdresser using more dye.” Hurrah for Kirstie, who also says she’s not averse to a facelift when the time is right. It’s what we women need: truth not flannel! ---------- Dawn French says she suffered from terrible nerves whilst filming Ken Branagh’s Death on the Nile. “He’d say: ‘Nancy Nervous isn’t welcome here. But Catherine Calm is welcome any time you like’,” says Dawn. If a grown man spoke to me like that I’d show him Carole Crazy and punch him on the nose! ---------- There have been some ludicrous fads paraded on the world’s catwalks but this latest has to be the silliest of all. What woman is going to pay good money to look like she has no neck and a hump on her back?