With the skies ahead clear and calm, mandates and restrictions have now entered the history books. The post-mortem of the last two years is sure to begin in earnest. We will thereby be confronted by failure on an epic scale, orchestrated by our expert class. Nationally and internationally, too many extreme decisions were made in so short a period by so few people with so little reflection on the broader impact of society to let sleeping dogs lie. In pushing for their preferred remedies of lockdowns, mask mandates, social distancing, as well as flirting with vaccine passports, our experts intervened like never before in the proper functioning of a free society. In so doing, they have made themselves the inevitable target of future investigations and potential retribution. The reason is simple. The costs associated with their preferred and most extreme form of social control have been enormous. The vast majority have borne the brunt of these policies and have been greatly impoverished in the process and in the long term. To pay for the lockdown, our experts relied on the support of the Bank of England. From March to November 2020, during the first phase of social repression, the Old Lady of Threadneedle Street printed £450bn. Taken together, at close to £900bn, the Bank of England manufactured the equivalent of 40 percent of our gross domestic product while millions were asked to stop working. In the meantime, our national debt skyrocketed, growing by a quarter to 103 percent of Gross Domestic Product in less than two years. As night follows day, inflation took off. As the Office of Budgetary Responsibility reminded us in a research note released on December 21 2021: “Higher than expected debt interest costs reflect higher than expected RPI inflation in recent months, which increased to a 20-year high of 7.1 percent in November.” To put these figures into context, the Office of National Statistics (ONS) tells us that household income has grown by seven percent over the entire 10 year period ending in 2020, or 0.8 percent per year over the decade. Our experts have been responsible in generating so much inflation that the median family was forced to travel back in time wealth-wise over a decade to the Great Financial Crash of 2008-2009 in real terms. As the ONS tells us the poor, the young and the old have grown markedly poorer in a very short space of time. This mass impoverishment, led by our inoculated and protected class, is set to continue. With interest rates currently at 0.25 percent and RPI inflation over seven percent, bringing inflation under control would require a 3,000 percent increase in the current base rate at the very least. As the Autumn Budget and Spending Review published by the Treasury on October 21 2021 tells us “the fiscal impact of a one percentage point rise in interest rates in the next year would be six times greater than it was just before the financial crisis, and almost twice what it was before the pandemic”, adding that “one percentage point rise in interest rates… is estimated to cost an extra £20.3bn in 2024-25, rising to £22.8bn in 2026-27”. To defeat inflation, in other words, interest rates would have to be raised to over seven percent. The debt repayment would then be close to £150bn per year at least. The equivalent, it turns out, to the government’s current expenditure on Education, Defence, Policing, and Transport to name but a few. In short, it will not happen.