A minor inconvenience, you may think, bearing in mind what Covid could do to the anti-vaxxer. Raphael Benitez has underlined the occupational hazard of all soccer managers in being sacked by Everton. The BBC is on notice that its cosy licence fee’s days are numbered. And the EU’s drive for a federal superstate are numbered if the Polish claim that it is bent on establishing the Fourth Reich is any guide. Our Remainers could eventually look more stupid than they do already. It seems that the only constants in our lives are those two war-mongering Commies, Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping, and the relentless outpouring of bile from Dominic Cummings, the oddball who was once Boris Johnson’s chief advisor. Which brings me to the very man himself, our beleaguered Prime Minister whose hold on office seems to depend on what more the investigator, Sue Gray’s finds about No 10’s propensity for partying during the Covid lockdown. If Boris falls, he will only have himself to blame. No one can doubt his intelligence, as distinct from his wisdom, nor his ability to get things done. He implemented the majority will of the people in securing Brexit (though Northern Ireland remains an unsolved problem) won a general election and looks like leading the world into living with covid, thanks to his vaccination programme. But his untidy, disorganized way of life and his curious blindness to the public’s well-known and long-established concerns about one law for politicians and their apparatchiks and other for the hoi polloi have, perhaps predictably, landed him in trouble. If he does succumb he will find his tenure’s achievements - and not least Brexit - marred by his inability to run a tight ship, especially during s pandemic. Some will say that it was inevitable that one so used to sailing close to the wind would come a cropper. Incidentally, I find the claim that the real architect of Brexit was the aforesaid Cummings insulting to the judgment of 17m Britons who voted out. As the nation awaits his fate - whether to lose office or retain it to handle the worst national financial, economic and social crisis since World War II - we need to examine the pros and cons of what would be a dramatic moment in British politics. First, there is no heir presumptive in a relatively inexperienced Government. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It is all very well extolling the virtues of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss. But are they equipped by experience and political nous to handle the monumental problems that Covid is leaving in its wake? I would not trust Michael Gove, however gifted on his feet, any further than I could throw him and plumping for Jeremy Hunt would land the Tories with a charisma-free zone. Secondly, panicky Tory MPs will have to decide whether to gamble on a change when the world is in turmoil and knowing that whoever succeeds Boris will be tested to the limit by the multitude of problems that will have to be faced. It would be like swapping horses in midstream without knowing the real calibre of any new nag in No 10. In short, there is something to be said for putting Boris on probation with an implicit warning that he will be out on his ear if he does not smarten up his act. But this raises the question as to whether “partygate” has so alienated the electorate that Boris, as the man in charge, will remain a liability at the next election. This in turn begs the question as to whether the leopard can change his spots. Is Boris capable, after a life spent getting out of scrapes, of bringing some order, discipline and political sensitivity to the top job? Should he be given, in all the circumstances, the benefit of the inevitable doubt with fingers crossed. In considering this Tory MPs - and especially mutinous Red Wallers, need to assess, not the discredited testimony of Cummings, but just how far the EU’s fifth column of Remainers in the UK are stirring the pot in the hope of Britain returning to Brussels’ control. Would Brexit be in peril if Boris were to be slung out, especially when the Labour Party seems more pro-Europe than against? That might condemn the Tories to ignominy. The lesson for the Tory Party from all this is simple: look before you leap. Let caution be your guide.