This hotel provides holidaymakers with a "package holiday in paradise". For around €1,000, a sun-seeking couple can enjoy one relaxing week here, as seen in Channel 5's Hotel Benidorm: Sun, Sea & Sangria. Why do they keep going back? A lot of tonight's episode focused on frequent hotel visitor Mandy, who goes in search of Pedro, the barman who wooed her in the seventies - with her husband in tow. But to ensure that visitors such as Mandy enjoy exciting, fun and stress-free, hotel staff must work tirelessly behind the scenes to ensure everything goes smoothly. Loyalty and Community Manager Carron is responsible for the "reputation of the company", particularly online. With over 400 rooms and a possible 1,000 guests at any given time, this is no small feat. She stated: "The hotel is my house. How are things in the kitchen, are people liking the food? How are things in the bedroom, are they liking what's in the rooms? Are they comfortable?" Interestingly, all bedrooms contain two single beds: "They can either be pushed together if [guests] want to be close, or they can be further apart if they want to be further apart." With Britons having flocked to the Rio Park Hotel, the kitchen has to cater to their specific tastebuds. Chefs provide a whopping 2,000 bacon rashers every morning, as well as 10kg beans and 1,000 eggs. Receptionist Abigail, who has worked at the hotel for five years, is responsible for greeting and checking in the guests, as well as answering the phones. Abigail explained: "If you feel happy, the guests can feel it. So I try to be happy all the time." Assistant Reception Manager Sharon stated: "The reception is the heart of the hotel. It all starts, more or less, in the reception area." Hotel entertainer Tom agreed that a positive demeanour goes a long way in the hotel business: "If you're laughing and always smiling on stage, that is contagious. That's the trick. "You just bounce off each other in that way." The "band of merry men", consisting of Entertainment Coordinator David, Manager of Entertainment Jeanette, Entertainer Sherry, and Entertainer Tom, keep guests smiling at The Rio Park Hotel and sister hotel the Flamingo Oasis. READ MORE: Brexit fee: Brits will have to pay to enter the EU – new rule coming As Benidorm is known as a town of "full-time fun and fiestas", the hotel must deliver on the party front. Consequently, David puts on a whopping 10 shows per week to keep the guests happy and coming back, stating: "That's the main thing." He discussed booking an Elvis impersonator to keep the holidaymakers moving and grooving. Pedro, from Head Office, explained that the stakes were high: "We need to be the best in Benidorm and in Spain." READ MORE: Stewardess unveils 'worst' part of working on luxury yacht - 'I hate it