Westminster is obsessed about occasions on which cake may or may not have been consumed but families are gripped with anxiety about escalating prices and the consequences of higher taxes and energy bills. Meanwhile, the massing of Russian troops on Ukraine's border raises the terrifying prospect of the most serious armed conflict in Europe in decades. Yes, people must be held to account for flouting coronavirus regulations and it is right that top civil servant Sue Gray's report will be fully scrutinised. Boris Johnson has welcomed the Metropolitan Police probe because it will "give the public the clarity it needs". But the time is not far off when the country must move on so that the Government can focus on urgent tasks, ranging from levelling-up our poorest communities to radically improving social care. There will be groans across the country if a contest to helm the Tory party is triggered which will plunge us into months of uncertainty when strong leadership is required. This is not the time for vengeful and self-important politicos to bring the business of Government to a halt. The Duchess of Cornwall yesterday reminded the country of the horrifying reality that one in four women in England and Wales will experience domestic abuse at some point in their lives. Camilla praised the work of domestic abuse charity Refuge as it marked its 50th anniversary. By putting the spotlight on this crucial issue she will encourage, comfort and strengthen people who have suffered cruelties that remain tragically commonplace. Society cannot turn a blind eye to abuse; this scandal must end. Well-known phrases that enrich the English language and bring colour to everyday life are vanishing. A poll of under-50s found 78 percent of us never use the phrase "casting pearls before swine" and seven out of 10 do not talk about "nailing your colours to the mast". These and other expressions are part of our heritage. Of course, language is always evolving but it would be deeply sad if such vivid imagery faded from our everyday conversations. Splendid figures of speech are not ready for the knacker's yard ‑ even though many of those surveyed might need some help in understanding the phrase. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea