The issue is serious and will affect the amount of money people have in their pockets to spend. That in turn could dramatically slow down the economic recovery this country needs to turn its post-pandemic fortunes around. And in truth, despite the problems now being caused by the Met Police, this is a far more serious difficulty for the PM than worrying about stray pieces of cake or a drink with colleagues in the wrong location. No wonder Conservative MPs are asking him forcefully to reconsider the money grab on people through a rise in National Insurance contributions. The tax hike could not have come at a worse moment even if the billions it will raise are needed to plug the Covid-sized hole in public finances. Boris Johnson has insisted he is “fully committed” to this increase but the voices calling on him to reconsider will only get louder. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea And in the end, Britain can only economically recover if it is a low tax country rather than a high tax one. There is a case for a windfall tax on the likes of Shell and BP as an alternative source of cash. We will have to see if Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak can find a way to get people spending again and turbocharge the recovery. -------- In 1861, the grief-stricken Queen Victoria left Buckingham Palace to live in Windsor Castle, Balmoral and Osborne House as she sought solace after the death of her beloved husband Prince Albert. We should then perhaps not be surprised that our current Queen is following the example of her great great grandmother. She will remain at Windsor Castle instead of returning to Buckingham Palace, which is being refurbished, following the death last year of her beloved husband Prince Philip. It is a reminder that, as we prepare to mark 70 years of her glorious reign, this year is an important one for the Queen. The Platinum Jubilee celebrations will not only be uplifting for Her Majesty but the nation as a whole as we all come out of the dark days of the pandemic. -------- We have all heard them but a new study has confirmed that most people find at least five excuses a day to allow them to abandon chores. “I’m too tired”, “I’ll start tomorrow”, “I’ve got a headache” are well worn lines. Perhaps we all need to give up on the excuses and get things done