While many cruise guests have a fantastic time, a few have been sharing nightmare experiences. With so many guests onboard, anything could happen. One Reddit user asked cruise passengers to share any “crazy cruise stories” and people didn’t disappoint. ‘BlazerBeau’ said: “Parked in St Martin, the cruise ship directly across the pier had a drunk lady on her balcony completely naked putting on a show for a few hundred folks from our ship watching. “Even the comedian mentioned it in his show.” Many cruise lines offer drinks packages which can mean some passengers do get a little rowdy. READ MORE: Best British pub named to celebrate the end of Plan B and Dry January Another cruise guest said about the naked passenger: “Nobody had their life ruined. Just some outrageous foolishness.” The hardworking cruise ship crew are the most likely to know about everything that goes on onboard the boat. One former crew member shared their “most memorable” experience where a passenger got out of hand. ‘Bestbet133’ said: “I worked on a cruise ship for a couple of years and this would be the most memorable thing to happen while I was onboard. “A guest gets cut off from the bar and makes a scene. Finally, after a lot of screaming, security gets him to go back to his cabin. “Apparently, he redirects his anger towards his wife in the cabin. Wife is having none of it and kicks him out of the room onto the balcony. “The man decides to jump off the balcony. Luckily a lifeboat a couple of decks down catches him. “While he was unhurt, likely due to the fact he was drunk, he was kicked off the ship a few hours later at the next port. “The wife opted to continue her cruise husband-free. Can’t say I blamed her one bit.” Jumping off a balcony on a cruise ship definitely isn’t recommended and that passenger was lucky they weren’t hurt. Another former cruise guest said: “We nearly left four people in Colombia in South America. “We were waiting for them for an hour to get back on board, we could see them running along the quayside.” Passengers who do have to run to catch the ship might find themselves with some unwanted publicity. One Reddit user said: “That’s my favourite genre on YouTube, the ‘pier runners’. Fear not, if ever you have to run to get back to a cruise ship before it departs, someone on his balcony will be videoing you for internet stardom!” Another user replied: “I’ve never been a pier runner but once in Alaska we were on a private boat excursion that ran a little long and our operator dropped us off at the pier right at the ship. “Literally stepped off the boat, onto the dock and walked immediately up the gangway. We weren’t ‘late’ per say. Just extraordinarily on time.” Cruise passengers will want to leave plenty of time to get back on the ship as embarking can take a while.