The Western alliance is to be tested as never before since Vietnam but in a European war with stronger analogies with the run-up to the Second World War than the Gulf or Asian wars of the past 60 years. The Russians have even done an eleventh-hour deal with an ambitious neighbour, this time China rather than Germany, to suit her own short-term ambitions. There are unavoidable prompts in Robert Harris's film adaptation of his book on the 1938 Munich crisis. Harris puts up a good case that the British people were just not up for war until Chamberlain had tried every last avenue for peace. Geo-strategically, though, the case for Britain standing with France and Czechoslovakia against German invasion in 1938 is strong: a well-armed country, with strong hill borders and a large domestic arms industry. A much better bet than Poland a year later, which Hitler was understandably incredulous we would seek to defend. But the case for standing today with Ukraine is stronger than for Czechoslovakia then. It is at the main EU/Nato border, not an isolated country far away. We do not risk cataclysm for ourselves but only saving an allied country from one about to befall it; and from a clear enemy of ours, Russia, a country which has repeatedly murdered British citizens on our own soil. I recently spent a week in beautiful and welcoming Ukraine, catching the last plane out of Kiev just before Foreign Office advice switched to discourage all but essential travel. Our embassy staff had been leaving for some time already. Disconcertingly, the Russian mission was already emptying out pretty quickly too. I spent most of last autumn in Kiev researching commercial requirements in AI and software for various civilian organisations. I have had extensive dealings with Ukrainians and never have I met a people with such a belief in their country. Polls suggest up to a third say they would join any partisan resistance, in the event of invasion. Ex-military, of whom there are 900,000, say they have no choice, as all the evidence from the Russian-occupied East is that their comrades there are hunted down and "disappeared". Many say they will leave their families behind on the basis that the Russians would not quite stoop to the nadir of their treatment of Ukrainian women and children in the Second World War. We must hope they are right. Twenty percent of the current reserves are women. Ukrainian reservists put the odds of urban warfare quite high. We may be about to see the world's last-ever tank battle. The UK has sent 2,000 fire-and-forget, easy-to-hide anti-tank missiles, a nightmare for an invading power in a semi-destroyed urban environment. Every street window an enemy. Nowhere to manoeuvre. The maths is far from being in the favour of the Russians, should they move against Ukraine. Malcolm Gladwell, the statistical narrator who brought us TheTipping Point, David & Goliath and Outliers, notes that in matched strategies, the weaker contestant in a war loses 70 per cent of the time. In asymmetric warfare, the weaker party wins 70 per cent of the time. ThinkVietnam, arguably Libya post- Gaddafi, or even Britain in 1940 where our one great thing, the RAF, was enough to see off German invasion, and our next great thing, the Royal Navy, secured our supplies well enough to win with our allies. At no point did we (nor anyone) do well taking on Germany's best thing, its army, head-to-head. Our special forces have a proper respect for the Russian capability in cyber, already at work with an attack two weeks ago against Ukraine infrastructure, but equally one we more than match. MUCH is made of the threat of 115,000 Russian troops, recently reinforced in miles-long columns being pulled off China's border, evidencing a backdoor understanding there, and 12,500 tanks, of which maybe a third are on the various borders of Ukraine, including Crimea in the south. How many will actually work in the thawing ground we will see, but they will be taking part in the last tank battle, in the view of many analysts. Ukraine doesn't need more tanks. It can swarm the invaders with cheap disposable drones and missiles - which theWest can supply endlessly - without firing a shot themselves.We do not have to worry that they will be used well. Of course, Ukraine is not unused to invaders from East andWest.This can be seen in the preternatural calm of many of the civilians I met. No panic shopping for loo roll or baked beans. One wry older mother said of her concerns for her daughter: "I do not worry, she will either fight with partisans or find a Soviet three-star general to look after her. She will be fine." The UK is one of only four signatories to the 1994 BudapestTreaty (with US, Ukraine and Russia), which guaranteed its independence in return for the repatriation of its nuclear silo to Russia. We have a clear stake in the ground to deliver on that accord. Ukraine will fight like no invaded nation perhaps we have ever seen. Its people know this is their only chance in a thousand years to secure their future in freedom. Global Britain cannot be defined by our ignominious exit from Kabul. We must show who we are too, now, and take our water to our neighbour's burning house, as Roosevelt defined the Lend-Lease programme he brought to us in 1940. There is a very good chance the Americans will be with us all the way on this too. Simon Brocklebank-Fowler is a business intelligence analyst and corporate and government adviser.