This one was flown by two aces ‑ British and Belgian ‑ and later starred in the film, the Battle of Britain in 1969. It purported to be piloted by Michael Caine, though the actual flier was American Wilson "Connie" Edwards, who was allowed to keep it. The Spitfire spent many years in storage in Texas, before being restored in Australia in 2015 and then returned to the UK in 2020. Though Hawker Hurricanes actually outnumbered Spitfires, the "Spit" became idolised. Of the four proudest moments of my life, the fourth was the day eight years ago when I flew a Spitfire against a blue summer sky high over the Weald of Kent, where I was born and raised. Of course, it was a dualseater, one of the rare adaptations with a duplicate cockpit inserted behind the real one. The man in the sharp end was retired Air Marshal Cliff Spink who had turned to a second career as a display pilot. For boys of my generation, those who flew Spitfires in the 1940 Battle of Britain were the ultimate icons, far ahead of any pop star or footballer. We would have given our eye teeth to have been old enough to have flown with them. By the time my dream came true, I was 75. I had made a donation and the pay-off was an hour aloft in the dualseater normally based at RAF Duxford. We took off from a Kent grassfield and at 5,000ft Cliff's hands raised in the plastic bubble ahead of me and I heard his voice on the intercom ‑ "You have control." So I took the column in my right hand, the throttle in my left and fulfilled the dream of a lifetime. And she was just as I had heard her described ‑ incredibly sensitive to the touch, prepared to wheel and dive, climb and roll, turn and bank at the tiniest pressure from my hand. After 20 minutes of bliss, Cliff took back control and brought us home to a bumpy landing at the flying club. Now there are just some photos and memories. But there is still a lump in the throat when I hear the snarl of that Rolls-Royce Merlin engine and see the elliptical wings soaring overhead. So if anyone wants a real head-turner and happens to have a large front garden and an even larger bank account, it will soon be there for the buying. To those who have no interest in rugby my apologies, but we who follow the fortunes of the oval ball have reason to be downcast. It looks as if team skipper Owen Farrell, he of the amazing kicking boot, will be out of the Six Nations next month. He had just returned after attention to one ankle; now the other has gone wonky. We all know our cricketers were crushed in match after match by the Aussies. But we at least hoped that Farrell could skipper England to the victor's podium against Scotland, Ireland, Wales, France and Italy. Now, sadly, he will be watching from the stands. As war clouds loom over Ukraine there was a brief and quite weird sidebar in the British media that was widely ignored. Our RAF transport planes, carrying anti-tank rockets to help the Ukrainians repel any Russian armour that might invade them, were instructed at the highest level not to over-fly any part of German airspace. However, Germany is a Nato ally ‑ or so we thought. The decree meant making a major diversion from the direct line between here and Ukraine. But why? The only possible explanation is that our intelligence suspected they might be ordered to land and their cargoes confiscated. Is Germany now so subservient to Moscow? With Olaf Scholz, the new German chancellor, closing down its last two nuclear generating stations, it could be that the country is now so dependent on Russian gas to keep the lights burning and the radiators warm in freezing winter that Moscow can give orders to Berlin and be confident they must be obeyed. This is the heritage of Angela Merkel, whose policy of shutting down all Germany's nuclear power generation makes the nation wholly dependent on Russian gas. Forbidding our planes to over-fly a Nato ally is unprecedented and very sinister. Just as worrying is the complete humiliation of German foreign secretary Annalena Baerbock, right. She had to inform Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba that Germany had nothing to offer, then proceed to Moscow to grovel in front of Sergey Lavrov, her Russian equivalent. Meanwhile, America's bumbling President Joe Biden let slip that he saw no need to react to a "minor incursion" by Russia ‑ whatever a small invasion is. Thanks to these two, the West is in total disarray and the Kremlin opening the champagne. This was how both world wars started - crass stupidity by the democracies in the face of aggression by a determined dictator. Meanwhile, our lot are obsessed by a few glasses of wine on the lawn two years ago. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Two hundred years ago, the Thames was an "open sewer", so polluted that it stank in summer and a dip was out of the question ‑ unless you were happy to die a grim death. All the sewage of London was poured into it and down to the North Sea. Then came Joseph Bazalgette, who built the sewers that captured the lot and ducted it to treatment plants. Slowly the river purified to such an extent that a few years ago salmon, who insist on clean water, appeared again, moving upstream. But a recent report reveals that, of 90 sewage works in the upper Thames, 46 do not have the capacity to deal with demand. The culprit? Failure to invest in upgrades over recent decades. So once again, raw sewage pours untreated into the capital's river. Same old story. We fritter our money away on bureaucrats and vanity projects like HS2 while vital safeguards the Victorians left us are abandoned to rot. Most of us recall, back in the day, George Foreman and Joe Frazier trading punches in the ring. But they were playing pat-a-cake pat-a-cake compared with the punch-up going on at the top of the Tory party. For those of us a bit woozy from trying to keep up, there is one consolation in two parts. A mysterious lady called Sue Gray, who cannot be bought, blackmailed or intimidated, has examined the entire squabble, from its origins over a glass of tepid plonk on the Downing Street lawn, and she is expected to report in the very near future. If she goes ballistic over it all, heads will have to roll and they could be blond and tousled. Let us wait until then. Secondly, a number of letters are sitting in the inbox of 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady. He will trigger a secret vote of confidence of Tory MPs when, and if, they reach the magic 54, which may happen (or not) depending on what Ms Gray says. Personally I could do with a bit of breathing space.