From Cornwall to Kenmore, there are plenty of marvellous beaches to enjoy in all parts of the UK. LuxuryHotel.com analysed Instagram hashtag data and the length of the UK’s most popular beaches to discover the 10 beaches with the highest ‘hashtags per metre’ to help plan this summer's staycation. According to the study, the prettiest, most Instagrammable beach in the UK is Cornwall’s Kynance Cove. Boasting 54,847 hashtags on Instagram with a length of just 200 metres, this south of England beach has 272 hashtags per metre. Famous for its clear turquoise waters, this beach is frequently professionally photographed and even painted - it's difficult to believe this sandy beach is in the UK. Kynance Cove takes the top spot by quite a large margin, but the second most photo-worthy UK beach spot is Brighton Beach, East Sussex. READ MORE: ‘Not overrun by tourists’: Expats on 'best place in Spain'  Sitting at three miles in length along the South coast, the sprawling beach is filled with seaside lovers come summer. It has a whopping 913,050 hashtagged Instagram posts to its name. The family favourite beach racked up 183.05 hashtags per metre. Water lovers and adrenaline junkies can enjoy a plethora of sports at Brighton Beach, including windsurfing, kayaking and sailing. Steeped in history, Brighton Beach’s Palace Pier is among the UK’s oldest piers, dating back to 1899. The oldest pier in the UK is the Isle of Wight's Ryde Pier, dating back as far as 1814. In third place came Fistral Beach, another picturesque Cornwall hotspot, with 128.41 hashtags per metre. Famous for its surfing, this beach hosts many events throughout the year, including Boardmaster Europe’s surf and skate festival, and the largest surf competition in Europe, BUCS Surf Champs. Scarborough Beach, Yorkshire, came close behind with 126.02 hashtags per metre.  Kent's Botany Bay received 112.39 hashtags per metre. The Isle of Wight's Seagrove Beach is the sixth most picturesque beach, according to the study, with 112.23 hashtags per metre. For the UK's seventh most photogenic beach, head back to Cornwall and visit Porthcurno Beach, which boasts 80.14 hashtags per metre. Devon's Bigbury-on-Sea, which boasts 77.08 hashtags per metre, is the eighth prettiest beach on offer in the UK, with Dorset's Durdle Door Beach closely behind in ninth place, with 66.01 hashtags per metre. Loch Morlich, Glenmore, is the tenth most attractive beach on the list, and is the only freshwater beach in Scotland.  As well as offering water sports and forest walks, budding photographers and nature lovers can take in the spectacular views of the snow-clad peaks of the northern Cairngorms.Having claimed the top, third and seventh spots, it seems that Cornwall is the best bet for UK beaches. Both beachgoers and Game of Thrones lovers can rejoice, as the prequel to the fantasy drama, House of the Dragon, is being filmed there. A spokesperson from LuxuryHotel said: “With the summer of 2022 hoping to be a return to normality as well as good weather, deciding on a beach spot will be one of the hottest topics over the next few months. "Those who want to snap some beach photography or capture some memories will be delighted that the UK has a huge selection of great destinations on offer all around the country." 