With a cost of living crisis upon us, rocketing energy prices and inflation-hit shopping bills, we all need to take care of every pound we spend and the Government should be doing the same. Instead they seem to take a very lax approach to our hard-earned cash. Treasury minister Lord Agnew did not hold back on his criticism of the Government’s failure to ensure greater care of taxpayers’ money. “A combination of arrogance, indolence and ignorance freezes the government machine,” he said. Before resigning, he claimed it is “my deeply held conviction that the current state of affairs is not acceptable.” As the minister charged with counter-fraud, he hoped his departure will focus attention on the scandalous public misuse of our money. Already the Treasury has written off £4.3billion of the £5.8billion stolen from its Covid-19 schemes intended to prop up businesses, admitting it only hopes to recover £1 of every £4 missing. Lord Agnew made it clear that he was not attacking the Prime Minister but the machinery of government that was not up to the job, being too used to spraying around other people’s money. The sad truth is that when the Chinese coronavirus first struck in 2020, the Government panicked. Boris Johnson’s initial instinct was not to shut down our economy but he was bounced into the harsh action by doom-mongering scientific predictions. We now know, through recently uncovered figures from the Office for National Statistics, that only 17,371 people died solely from Covid up to September 2021. Every one of those deaths is a personal tragedy, but such a tiny proportion of the population hardly justifies a total cost of over £400billion for emergency measures. A price tag that will be with us for years, costing our children dearly in higher taxes and living expenses. With the average age of death during the pandemic being 83, the more measured approach would have been to shield those most vulnerable to the virus while the Government surged ahead with its very effective vaccination programme. Instead our civil servants went on a spending spree. And it’s no good thinking that if Labour had been in charge it would have been any better. If anything, Sir Keir Starmer would have spent even more of our money on useless gesture politics, constantly insisting on more stringent lockdowns and yet more funding for the NHS. It is vital that the Government gets back on top of its reckless expenditure. Lord Frost is right to intervene saying forthcoming tax hikes should be scrapped and the eye-watering costs of hitting Net Zero scaled back. “I don’t think Conservatives should be raising taxes in the way that we decided to, I don’t think we should be rushing at the Net Zero policy in quite the way that we’re doing at the moment,” said the ex-Brexit minister recently. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The difference between Conservative and Labour has traditionally been one of economic competency and greater fiscal responsibility. Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher famously said: “There is no such thing as public money, there is only taxpayers’ money.” That sense of taking care of our cash has been ruptured by the present administration and it is no surprise that many true blue Tories are up in arms over a seemingly spendthrift premier. The sense that Boris is enjoying a somewhat decadent lifestyle, ignoring lockdown rules and lavishing our money on airy-fairy schemes, must be addressed immediately. A new common-sense PM must emerge out of this political crisis. Crucially, there appears to be a lack of diligence and ability at the heart of government. With a background in business, Lord Agnew was aghast at the “schoolboy errors” made by the Treasury “who appear to have no knowledge or little interest in the consequences of fraud to our economy or our society.” We can only hope his dramatic resignation is the wake-up call our civil servants and their political masters so urgently need to reassure us that they know what they are doing with our money.