I feel in my bones that never again will we cower inside our houses, afraid to go out, hug a friend or kiss a grandchild. Normality should have returned with the magnificent vaccines, but despite their miraculous success those at the top of the science tree couldn’t relinquish their power over us, or accept that we, who rushed in our millions to be jabbed, could be trusted to keep this infection in check. And so women gave birth without their husbands, people couldn’t visit sick, elderly parents in care homes, and others died, so cruelly, alone. The cruelty of life these past two years has been indescribable, much of it so unnecessary. We’ve been forced to live in fear by terrifyingly pessimistic “models” which were hopelessly inaccurate. Somehow, optimistic scientists (there are some) never popped up on our screens. Reporters wanted us scared, not sceptical. Why did we never hear from an encouraging scientist? Why, when good news from South Africa told us that Omicron caused only mild illness, like a cold, were we told by Sir Chris Whitty, left, that it was dangerous to “over-interpret” this information, that while we didn’t know much, “everything we do know (about Omicron) is bad.”? Why did no one challenge him? I feel very angry about the last two years and the way those in charge deliberately fostered such fear in us. The BBC in particular has a lot to answer for, behaving like a state broadcaster, not an independent, rigorous journalistic body. In the end this week’s shameful havoc, political pandemonium, and our great anger has achieved one good thing. We won’t ever cower before Covid again. Despite our horrific experience flying to America over Christmas, and my vow never to enter an airport until all vaccine certificates, lateral flow tests and Passenger Locator Forms are consigned to the bowels of hell, I’m actually jealous of Richard’s smart new passport. It makes my faded old maroon one look tired and defeated, just like me after the last couple of years. The new one is elegant, such a dark blue it looks black and embossed with a sparkling gold crest, beckoning enticingly towards a glamorous future of Covid-free holidays. In my dreams. You may be dreading the day when net-zero demands you have to swap your motor for an electric car, your central heating for an expensive and inefficient pump, and throw out your beloved wood burner altogether, but did you know your conservatory may soon be out of the window as well? In a little known set of regulations starting in June, new properties will face strict limits on window sizes. The idea is that big windows and conservatories will make your house uninhabitable if summer temperatures hit 40C. What a cheek. Maybe they’d like us to have window slits, from which we can hurl missiles as if in a medieval castle; or perhaps impose a window tax as they did in the 17th century. Better still, we’ll become Hobbits, living the green dream in underground burrows. I’ve no doubt St Greta of Thunberg would love that. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea