On that heady night when the 2016 referendum verdict was finally implemented, a spirit of optimism filled the air. Boris Johnson had done what he promised and what numerous pundits predicted he would not be able to do -  he’d ”Got Brexit Done”. Had anybody suggested then that how Brexit turned out would not be the dominant issue in politics for the ensuing two years,  they would have been laughed out of one of the many parties taking place. But Covid changed everything and aside from a brief focus on the struggle to reach a trade agreement as the transition period neared its end, plus some squalls over the position of Northern Ireland, post-Brexit events have played a muted second fiddle ever since. So you could be forgiven for being less than clear about how Brexit has turned out so far.  Of course,  defeated Remainer irreconcilables  have kept up a dreary drumbeat,  blaming every conceivable  problem on the split -  even those experienced by all other advanced economies like supply chain bottlenecks and high energy prices. In fact, given the challenges inflicted by Covid, a fair verdict would be: so far, so good but we can do even better. On the economic front,  Remainers forecast leaving would cause huge job losses, especially in financial services -  where 100,000 posts were projected to go -  and car manufacturing.  It simply hasn't happened. This week, a survey found the City of London is still the world’s top financial centre. Speaking to MPs last year, Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey admitted only around 5,000 roles in high finance had transferred out of the UK and that this was “ subsequently less than the sorts of numbers  that were being talked about after the referendum”. Those jobs have been more than made up for by new opportunities, with UK Financial services recruitment hitting a high record. There are an estimated 80,000 vacancies across the sector at the moment. The city is in rude health. It is a similar story in car making. The remainer trope that “If Britain leaves the EU, then Nissan leaves Britain”  has proved spectacularly wrong. In fact, the Japanese giant has committed huge investment to its Sunderland plant and the same is true of other global car makers with UK hubs. Nobody can now seriously claim Brexit has destroyed Britain’s ability to earn a living in the world - far from it. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Figures from the International Monetary Fund say Britain will be the fastest-growing member of the G7 club of major advanced economies this year. The IMF projects 4.7 percent UK growth this year, compared with just 3.8 percent for Germany and Italy and 3.5 percent for France. This is partly because we are exiting the pandemic quickest. That in turn is a function of the speedy vaccine roll-outs we achieved thanks to running our own programme rather than joining the EU's lethargic effort. The recent lightning-fast booster programme was a major factor in enabling the light-touch restrictions that accompanied our Omicron wave,  compared with the much harsher measures imposed in most EU countries. So another Brexit win. In foreign policy terms, Remainer predictions that Brexit would mean “pulling up the drawbridge” have also proven wide of the mark. In fact, the UK has led the way  in providing assistance to Ukraine in the current stand-off with Russia,  while EU countries have cowered on the margins. This week, a Royal Navy ship carrying UK aid supplies also reached tsunami-hit Tonga. These are signifiers of Global Britain, not Little Britain. Interestingly, the potential of Brexit has even begun to sleep into the higher reaches of the Labour Party, as shown by its call for VAT to be removed from domestic energy bills - something that is illegal in the EU. Perhaps Labour saw how popular the scrapping of VAT on female sanitary products - the so-called “tampon tax” -  proved to be last year. A ban on live animal exports, again NZ impossible inside the EU, has also shown the Government Tailoring UK laws to UK circumstances -  British public opinion was always far ahead of the rest of the UK on Animal Welfare issues. But there is still a feeling that ministers haven't fully exploited their new freedom to innovate and respond to specifically British concerns. Now Covid is finally contained there should be far more scope to do that.  The British Lion has stirred.  Now it is time for it to roar.