Coming off the back of last year’s AUKUS deal - a landmark agreement to provide Australia with the capability to deploy nuclear-powered submarines – this week’s discussions Down Under centred on key international challenges. Both sides agreed to step up collaboration to deter major threats. Following talks, Liz Truss said “it is vital that the UK strengthens and deepens our partnerships with our closest allies.” The Foreign Secretary added that “we have committed to new and enhanced opportunities to collaborate with Australia in areas including maritime security, counterterrorism, misinformation, cyber and technology.” Defence Secretary Ben Wallace – who accompanied Ms Truss - met his counterpart Peter Dutton to discuss AUKUS in detail. Mr Wallace said that “Britain and Australia share one of the oldest and strongest defence and security alliances”, and the UK will “continue to work together to promote stability, and tackle our shared threats with our like-minded ally, head on.” While the AUKUS deal ruffled feathers in France, the deal extends beyond submarines to cover data-sharing in areas such as artificial intelligence. AUKMIN will especially cheer those who champion stronger relations between post-Brexit Britain and its Commonwealth cousins, proving wrong the naysayers who suggested that distance would impede the strengthening of any such ties. Moves to enhance relations between Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the UK (“CANZUK”) are well-established, with Erin O’Toole – the Canadian Conservative Party leader – a noted enthusiast. Indeed, enhanced defence ties with Australia are likely to strengthen the existing Five Eyes pact and UKUSA Agreement on signals intelligence which brings together the CANZUK countries as well as the United States. Coming after last year’s declaration of republicanism by Barbados meanwhile, AUKMIN will be seen as a massive shot in the arm to the CANZUK cause.The focus of the talks was not limited to defence, however. In Adelaide, Ms Truss sought to build on last year’s free trade deal with Canberra by signing an agreement to boost business links for key industries, such as space and cyber. Although trade ties between Australia and the UK remain comparatively small, this is largely thanks to years of the UK pivoting towards Europe. There is now enormous scope to grow the economic partnership. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Australia and the UK will also be keen to increase people traffic again (in normal times, nearly three-quarters of a million Brits visit Australia each year, with thousands settling in the country). COVID-19 has significantly impeded freedom of movement, although last year’s trade deal made it easier for young people in the UK to work and travel in Australia (and vice versa). Liz Truss is to be commended for strengthening Britain’s ties with Australia, a sign of growing confidence in London about the UK’s global reach as the country seeks to navigate life after COVID-19, and with Brexit increasingly in the rear-view mirror. AUKMIN could also provide a platform for closer ties with other Commonwealth partners. Having played a major role in getting Brexit done, perhaps Liz Truss can now help to make CANZUK a reality.