He might be clapped on the back by other Labour MPs now, but the reception towards him will cool when they have had a chance to listen to and read all the things he has said about them in the past, such as accusing Labour of being “more concerned about stopping the deportation of foreign nationals than keeping our streets safe”. Wakeford will also have a tough job convincing his constituents of his sincerity – not least because in 2020 he co-sponsored a private members’ bill in the Commons which would have forced MPs changing their party affiliation to resign their seat and fight a by-election. There is little sign of him doing that so far. His greatest achievement, ironically, might be to have been to save Boris Johnson’s bacon. Conservative rebels trying to overthrow their leader need to gather 54 signatures in order to trigger a vote of no confidence in Johnson. Wakeford’s defection robbed them of one signature and apparently persuaded several other backbench MPs to withdraw the letters they had written to Graham Brady, the Chairman of the 1922 Committee. Rumours that a further five Conservative MPs are on the verge of defecting to Labour are likely to remain just that. MPs, just like anyone else, can respond emotionally when they are frustrated with their jobs. But when they start thinking a little deeper as to whether they really want to spend their days supporting Keir Starmer’s Labour party they will almost certainly change their minds. In December Wakeford was one of 98 Tory MPs to vote against new Plan B restrictions. The measure only passed because Keir Starmer supported it. Indeed, he has consistently tried to push the Government for more stringent restrictions over the past couple of years. Sir Keir, of course, is the mild face of Labour. On the benches behind him still sit many MPs who helped propel Jeremy Corbyn to the party leadership and who have made clear their disdain for their new leader. Bizarrely, soon after becoming leader Starmer was forced to apologise and take “unconscious bias” training for describing Black Lives Matter as a “moment” and opposing its campaign to defund the police. He is a good opportunist, and has rightfully opposed the increase in National Insurance contributions due to take place in April. But does anyone believe that the Labour party would lower taxes? On the contrary, Labour remains a high tax, big state party which would shower our money on wasteful projects to an even greater extent than Boris Johnson has. Once the anger over Downing Street parties has dissipated either Boris Johnson or his successor is going to face up to the real problems facing the country as the pandemic eases – foremost of all being the cost of living crisis. Besides the NI hike, households are having to cope with inflation at its highest level in 30 years and a sharp rise in gas and electricity prices when the cap on bills is increased in April. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But could anyone trust Labour with dealing with that problem? Hardly. For those with long memories, it will rekindle memories of Harold Wilson’s and Jim Callaghan’s Labour government of the late 1970s when inflation peaked at over 20 percent and we had weekly price rises in the shops. One of the things which threatens to push up taxes and interest rates in the coming few years is excessive government borrowing. That doesn’t reflect well on Boris Johnson’s government, but we can hardly look to Labour for a solution. It was Gordon Brown’s heavy borrowing during the boom years of the mid 2000s which set us on the path to huge levels of government debt. Labour may have its tail up at the moment, but no one should be fooled. It is still the party which has scornfully ignored its working class voters, which prioritises woke issues over the everyday concerns of ordinary people, which favours a big state telling us how to live our lives rather than trusting us to make our own decisions. Any Tory MP who can sign up for all that has either undergone a midlife Damascene conversion – or they weren’t really a Conservative to start with.