Nobody should criticise Labour for that as it’s their job. But nor should anyone believe that if Johnson walks then Labour will call off its attack dogs and everything will magically calm down. And Johnson may indeed have to go. If Ms Gray finds either that he has personally been in clear breach of the very lockdown laws he set for others or that he knowingly misled the House of Commons then he won’t be able to stay in office. But unless or until she publishes such a verdict, it beggars belief that some Tory MPs should choose to join in the clamour for his early demise. In doing so they are playing the role of “useful idiots” – naïve types who can be manipulated into helping a revolution whose actual aims would horrify them. Until about a month ago the Tories under Johnson were well ahead in the opinion polls. Now they are well behind. Yet it is the former position that should be regarded as extraordinary not the latter. As Tony Blair recently observed, in mid-term voters judge the government of the day against their own yardstick of perfection and usually find it wanting. But at election time they judge it against what is on offer from the main opposition party ‑ the bunch that they previously rejected ‑ and therefore usually find it preferable. Perhaps it will prove to be the case that Middle Britain has turned decisively and permanently against Mr Johnson because of his rackety personal conduct. But it is far too soon for anyone to be sure of that.  It is equally possible that his good decision-making through the recent phases of the Covid crisis and the courage he displayed in delivering Brexit will in due course be judged more important. It is also quite possible that voters will start noticing that many of those in politics and the media expending most energy in trying to get rid of him are the very same people who tried hardest to frustrate the Brexit process. Only this week Michael Heseltine raised the prospect of Britain re-joining the EU should Johnson be forced out. What is undoubtedly the case is that halfway through a parliament is a very odd time for a governing party to make an unforced change of prime minister. If the polls are still terrible a year from now and Mr Johnson is still regarded with hostility by many of his former voters then there will be a strong case for action. A successor could be installed just in time for a honeymoon election in which Labour’s key point of attack ‑ “it’s time for a change” ‑ would be severely blunted by the fact that a change had just occurred. And given that it looks like being a tricky year ahead on the economic front, with a living standards squeeze starting to tighten as inflation rises, why not allow Mr Johnson to take the brunt of that rather than risk an early successor becoming tarnished?  After delivering a landslide majority of 80 for the Tories and then having to deal with the Covid pandemic as well as Brexit, hasn’t Mr Johnson earned the chance to show what he can do now that both of those crises are moving into the rear-view mirror of politics? We all have our crunch issues on which to judge him. Mine is whether he finally gets a grip on the Channel migrant crisis. Yours may well be how much “levelling-up” actually takes place beyond the rhetoric or how much he puts up taxes. For many voters a rebuilding of the NHS and social care post-Covid is the key yardstick. But how many of us would judge him at the 2024 general election primarily on the grounds of whether he or some of his staff had engaged in illicit lockdown booze-ups years previously? Despite the hysteria being whipped up about such matters right now, I predict we will have the issue in proportion by then ‑ a marginal factor that raises some worries, but not a top-six concern. So Conservative MPs would do well to hold their nerve and stop the faction fighting that the public finds so off-putting. Provided the Gray report does not cause his instant demise, they should get behind Johnson and give him a year to show if he is still a winner.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea