There is a secret about Boris Johnson that all the rakings over his life in print and on screen have failed to reveal: as Prime Minister the man is a workaholic. That blond-topped brain does not allow itself more than the occasional break - his diary groans with appointments all day long. The pressure on him is unrelenting and he never stops. Even insisting on staying at his desk in early 2020, as Covid took hold and almost cost him his life. As the interminable affair that is "Partygate" rolls on, casting a shadow over the government that cannot be ignored, a name once only known to the more savvy in Whitehall, Sue Gray, is now repeated daily across the airwaves as we await her report. Like you, I want to know what is in those pages. Because, during one lockdown, I was prevented from seeing my 89-year-old dad, who was in hospital after suffering a stroke - and where he later contracted Covid. It was an awful time for my mum and the rest of my family, with imaginings of my father passing away with no-one able to comfort him. So, the idea of rule-breaking parties in Number 10 is not, for me, some political football or legal talking point. I understand through bitter experience the intense anger these allegations generate among those who followed the rules to the letter and suffered as a consequence. My dad made it through but others did not. One law for the governors and another for the governed is not acceptable in a democracy. So, we need full disclosure of what went on in Downing Street. The stables must be cleansed and light is the best disinfectant.  Which is why, despite the clamour in the media, we must wait for Sue Gray, and now the Metropolitan Police, to report. We have to get the facts straight so that every one of us can make an informed judgement. Detail matters - who arranged what, and who knew what when. For example, there is clearly a significant difference between staff organising a thank you event for civil servants and the Prime Minister ordering that a thank you event be organised. I know a lot of people will say the culture in Downing Street is to blame, and that culture is set from the top. Indeed the Prime Minister has already apologised for mistakes made. But I relate that Cabinet meeting because I want to establish another truth. Whatever mistakes Boris has made in this matter, I do not believe he did so because he harbours a flippant disregard for his great office. Despite his showmanship - his willingness to look daft on occasion - we have in our Prime Minister a man capable of great seriousness of intent. Of working so hard to put meaning into catchphrases like levelling up that lesser humans would have crumbled under his immense and unrelenting workload. To him, levelling up is not some cheap slogan. He believes passionately in spreading success to all parts of this country, and in the good sense, potential and indeed greatness of the British people.  Boris likes human beings - he is one. Not a mechanistic politician pretending to be perfect in every way but a fascinating cocktail of qualities and emotions. His are hidden depths, not shallows. In Covid, he was dealt a quite appalling hand as a beginner PM and has, after a painful learning experience, played his cards brilliantly. He personally backed vaccine development and purchase when success was by no means certain, resulting in this country first surging ahead with jabs and now surging ahead of its competitors to post-pandemic freedom. Omicron is now firmly in retreat and he calibrated his response to it perfectly, taking the big pre-Christmas call of not locking down the country again, but instead ramping up jabs without giving the economy a lockdown heart attack over the new year. After a catastrophic fall in GDP during the earlier lockdowns, the economy is now bigger than it was before the start of the pandemic. And, so vibrant is the bounce-back, we have more than a million job vacancies unfilled.  See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest With Covid controlled, we can get on with the agenda Boris set himself at the last election. I believe he is still the best man to make levelling up a reality, to make a post-Brexit UK the most happening economy in Europe, to make us, after these two dire years, a happier, more contented society. I know at first hand how distressed he is by Partygate, by the hurt it has caused. I also know that he genuinely regrets not keeping a firmer hand on the tiller in Number 10, even when he was 50 miles away when some of the reported events took place. Of course he has made mistakes. As humans we all have. But his capacity for hard work, sheer grit and determination cannot be written off. Here's another secret about Boris. He intends to finish the great levelling up job that he started for Britain. Do not write this man off. 