Until Boris Johnson stood out against further Covid restrictions over Christmas and the New Year he was widely accused of wanting to control our lives. It persisted in spite of his liberal approach to life and the certainty that, if he had let the bodies pile up, he would have been condemned for callous neglect and inhumanity. Western governments are always in danger of being damned if they do and damned if they don’t. It’s what happens in a free democracy. Boris did his duty, admittedly not always efficiently, but he tried and is winning. Now Covid restrictions are no longer something with which to belabour him, we find he is still being accused of eroding, if not actually eliminating, human rights. Indeed, I have just read a letter to the press which accuses his Government of pursuing with “zeal and determination a consistent and multi-pronged onslaught on our democracy”. Is there no end to his sins? It seems not, for the writer cites six current Bills as well as “sustained attacks” on the BBC, Civil Service and universities. She seems unaware that the BBC - or Biased Broadcasting Company, as it is called - is not exactly the toast of the town. The esteem in which the Civil Service is held has probably never been lower and its unions are eroding it by resisting an end to working from home and return to the office to repair, we hope, damaged public services. And universities run by overpaid vice-chancellors offering degrees not worth a penny, let alone fees of £9,250 a year, are under critical public scrutiny for allowing indoctrination, including Soviet-style re-writing of history, and caving in to every woke witch-hunter under the sun. No wonder taxpayers are up in arms. But let us now turn to the six Bills which, the writer claims, are damaging democracy. They are: 1 -The Police and Crime Bill allegedly stifling protest. So, we might retort, it is OK for Extinction Rebellion and Insulate Britain to bring motorways, roads and railways to a halt, interfere with the individual’s right of free passage to go about their lawful business and picket production facilities of newspapers they don’t like? 2 - The Elections Bill said to disenfranchise up to 2m by requiring proof of ID. So, it’s OK then to turn a blind eye to double voting and fraud? 3 - The Immigration and Nationality Bill criminalising asylum seekers and allowing people to be stripped of British citizenship without warning. So, it’s OK to do nothing about illegal - note illegal - immigration and economic migrants posing as the oppressed. 4 - The Judicial Review and Courts Bill allowing, it is claimed, the Government to overrule the courts if it does not like its handiwork. So, judges should run the country, not elected governments? 5 - Extensions to the Official Secrets Act reportedly constraining journalism and whistleblowing. So, governing in the public interest must be made impossible by encouraging anybody and everybody to blow the whistle on their particular grievance? I think a lot of people would welcome a period of silence from the treacherous Dominic Cummings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 6 - The Bill of Rights which, it is said, strengthens the power of the state against the individual. So, in the name of human rights, people can do what the hell they like, can they? What is missing from all this mix is the word “responsibility”. No free society can work if its precious freedom is not constrained by responsibility in our behaviour towards our fellows. Unbridled freedom leads to anarchy on which dictators or their puppets thrive. That is why we have laws - to protect the individual. It is a Government’s job to hold the balance between freedom and responsibility and the individual and the state and suffer the consequences of failure at a general election. If Putin ever got near Westminster, balance would fly out of the window. It would be the gulag or worse for dissidents and especially those who, in their naivete, are now campaigning for a free-for-all dictatorially to impose their obsessions on us.