She managed to convey libidinous abandon while conscientiously single-parenting her multiply challenged son, Harvey. With relentless stamina she flogged us everything from scent to saddles to novels she’d never read let alone written. She fearlessly faced the sofa judges of reality TV shows, winning votes and hearts and hoovering up Peter Andre along the way. Away from the cameras, Katie is complex and a little confusing. She can be loud, chippy and confrontational or vulnerable, sweet and fragile. She combines what appears to beconsummate confidence with deep-rooted anxiety. Although she’s the life and soul of the party, I could never be sure if she was enjoying herself or feigning happiness. On balance, I always wondered if she was in reality having a fairly miserable time. Katie's glory days, when she didn’t budge without a glam squad, flew to the States to have her hair done and was accompanied at all times by personal posse, now seem a fading memory. Family and friends are worried. Fans are concerned. We dread the clichéd “downward spiral” that always seems to be attached to doomed relationships, a mucky mansion, a drink-drive offence and potentially worse. Like Katie’s loved ones we wish she would avert catastrophe by seeking sustained professional help. We long for her to put her hectic life on hold. There’s something desperately sad about Katie’s latest pronouncement: “I still have my sparkle and drive. Looking forward to this week. Big announcement, so excited.” When a person feels the need to insist she is still sparkling it’s impossible not to fear that she’s not convinced. Sparkling in general is a huge ask. It’s tough enough to glimmer gently in your kitchen but exuding effulgent pizazz in the eagle eye of strangers is draining. Katie must allow her sparkle to dim a little and ramp down on what she has doggedly vamped up. She should nurture herself and invest in a safe future. ----------------- Could we love Alan Titchmarsh any more? He’s not only the saviour of the Uk’a herbaceous borders but he is immune to fads and fashions. As the rest of us tuck into smashed avocado on sourdough for breakfast, Alan sticks to cereal. Is he forgoing a taste sensation? He doesn’t think so. “I can’t think of anything more insipid to force down my neck at the crack of dawn,” he says. And he’s concerned about what he calls the “enormous carbon footprint” of avocados. So what sustains Alan as he tills? He worships Shreddies but they won’t sustain him till lunch, so favours Weetabix. Three is his personal best. How I dream of pouring milk on his Weetabix! ----------------- WE WENT to see Disney’s latest, Encanto, en famille. We all loved it – from the littlest, aged two, to the most ancient...me. The songs are so catchy they could only be the work of Hamilton maestro Lin-Manuel Miranda. Having hummed the hits all the way home and seen grandchildren pick up the choruses at just one listen, I’m not at all surprised We Don’t Talk About Bruno is now the first original Disney song to reach No.1 in the UK singles chart. His performance in Mary Poppins Returns may have been a touch leaden, but boy does Lin-Manuel know how to craft a memorable earworm. ----------------- THE mission to recruit magistrates from all walks of life continues. I was myself appointed to the bench in 1991. I was a 29-year-old mother of two, doing my best to carve out some kind of living as a journalist and married to an over-worked junior hospital doctor. The heat was on, even then, to find Justices of the Peace who didn’t swan into court straight from the hairdresser or golf club. Most magistrates were comfortably middle-class and there was a gaping gulf between their life experience and that of those people up before them in the dock. Today, some 30 years later, the gaping chasm remains. Clear communication must state: being a JP needs no formal qualifications, employers are not permitted to refuse you time off to serve on the bench, and it’s a distinct disadvantage to be posh or privileged. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- AS YOU know, I’m new to Instagram. Nearly four weeks in I am enchanted by my 60,000 followers and grateful to my chums for generously punting theirs in my direction. My elation was mildly punctured, though, at the news the Kardashian Klan combined instagrams now has a following of a billion! They reach more people in the place that matters – their phones – than the global media conglomerates combined. Bear in mind, there are only 7.9 billion people on the planet. I would scoff and “throw shade” Kardashian-wards were I not a long-standing devotee. I can’t explain why. Perhaps it’s the clothes, the hair, the houses, the irresistible children and the endless roster of abysmal relationships. I know, I know, I could be re-reading Dickens. ----------------- IN AN intriguing example of life imitating art, the former Desert Island Discs presenter Kirsty Young has splashed out £1.6million on her very own uninhabited island. Situated in Loch Lomond, Wallaby Island houses a colony of marsupials and no human beings have resided there for the last 20 years. Kirsty’s acquisition will require her to answer her own often-posed question: “What, alongside Shakespeare and the Bible, would be your island luxury?” Let’s hope her answer – without hesitation – is her personable Soho House founder hubby Nick Jones.