   Donald Trump has claimed in an interview that President Putin was “satisfied with a peace” during his presidency, putting the blame on what he falsely refers to as the “rigged election” for Ukraine’s troubles. Monty Python actor John Cleese has spoken out against Trump for his controversial statements.      This evening Cleese took to Twitter to blast the former US president in view of his 5.7 million followers. He wrote: “I see that Trump is claiming that Putin would not have invaded Ukraine if he's been President. He's probably right! “If his poodle had still been President, Putin might not have needed to attack Ukraine. He'd have won already.” The actor’s tweet comes after the comments Trump made during an interview with Laura Ingraham, which showed the former president continuing to spread lies about the 2020 election. READ MORE: David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him'      He said: “He [Vladimir Putin] was going to be satisfied with a peace, and now he sees the weakness and the incompetence and the stupidity of this administration, and, as an American, I’m angry about it, and I’m saddened by it. “And it all happened because of a rigged election. This would have never happened.” During that same interview, Ingraham said, “We are just learning that US officials are looking at a potential amphibious landing now in Odessa, Ukraine.” Trump appeared to mistake the interviewer’s comment to mean that the United States was conducting an amphibious landing rather than Russia, as he replied: “They should do that secretly, not being doing that through the great Laura Ingraham.      “They should be doing that secretly. Nobody should know that, Laura.” A recent Harvard Centre for American Political Studies-Harris Poll survey revealed that a staggering 62 percent of Americans polled felt that Putin would not be launching an offence against Ukraine if Trump, rather than incumbent President Joe Biden, was still in office. 39 percent of Democrats and 85 percent of Republicans admitted that Trump’s presence in the White House would have caused Putin to think twice, while 59 percent of Americans said it was Biden's perceived weakness that had prompted Putin to launch the bold attack in the first place, The Hill reported of the survey. It is worth noting, however, that 38 percent of the people surveyed said that Putin would have invaded Ukraine regardless of who was president, while another 41 percent said that the person sitting in office did not play not a factor in Putin's decision to invade Ukraine. READ MORE... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [UPDATE] Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [INSIGHT] 'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [LATEST]       In another tweet tonight, Cleese wrote of the former president: “So Putin is wondering whether to defend his bloated ego with nuclear weapons... “Should we assume that Trump's bloated ego thinks that's 'smart'?” It has been reported that amid Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, President Putin has signalled an escalation of the war after putting Russia’s nuclear force on high alert. In his most recent tweet tonight, Cleese wrote: “An old proverb: Judge a man by his friends. Putin's friends...      “Bashar al-Hassad, who used poison gas on his own people, Alexander Lukashenko, Dictator of Belarus, Dictator Xi of China, comitting genocide on the Uighurs, Many Russian kleptocrats, Wannabe Autocrat Donald Trump…” (sic) “I didn't include Kim Wrong-Un of North Korea although Trump has claimed him as a friend.  I don't think he really is, because of the missiles. “Also, Trump's friends aren't necessarily Putin's, although it's likely e.g. Whoosit Bin Something of Saudi Arabia, who cuts people up.” Russia shocked the world when it invaded Ukraine early on Thursday morning. Ukrainians have taken to the streets with weapons to defend their country, as Putin’s troops continue to wage war in multiple cities.     