Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has given credit to the club's interim boss Ralf Rangnick for the "brave" substitutions he made in Sunday's win over Leeds. United led 2-0 at half-time at Elland Road before the hosts came back to draw level with two goals in the space of a minute. The Red Devils got back into the lead through Fred before Anthony Elanga sealed the 4-2 victory late on. Fred and Elanga were brought on in the 67th minute to replace Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard. And it ended up being a masterstroke decision from Rangnick as both players got on the scoresheet. After the match, Scholes was quick to credit the German boss for his substitutions. "You've got to give the manager real credit for being brave enough to make them subs," Scholes told Premier League Productions. JUST IN: Chelsea star warned Thomas Tuchel will move on without him - 'They won't wait'  "I think [Paul] Pogba especially was playing well, doing well, he's a big player we know that. "To take them off and bring on Fred who has struggled of late, was really poor against Brighton, and a young player in Elanga... "Your substitutes have to come on and make an impact and them two certainly did that." United's victory moved them back above West Ham and into fourth in the Premier League table. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win [INTERVIEW]Tottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turn [QUOTES]Four clubs who could sign Cristiano Ronaldo as Man Utd 'ready to let striker leave' [TRANSFERS]  There had been speculation in the days leading up to the match regarding disruption in the United camp. Rangnick and captain Harry Maguire both dismissed claims of a power struggle at Old Trafford. But Rangnick says beating Leeds was the perfect way to end a week full of false rumours. "We knew that it was an important win today," Rangnick said. "It was similar to the one against West Ham. That was similarly emotional at the end with the last-second goal.  "But today it was more important, not only that we won the game but the way that we reacted after conceding the equaliser. "That was the best possible answer the team could give. "It was perfect with regard to maturity, unity and the best reply that they could give to some articles last week that there was some disruption in the locker room. "I think a game like this one today you can only win as a team and with the mentality of a team and this was, apart from the three points, the most important thing."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here