In a lengthy televised address to the nation in which he announced the recognition of rebel-held Donetsk and Luhansk as independent entities, Mr Putin said Ukraine was created by Russia and called revolutionary Vladimir Lenin the "author and architect" of the country. His claims have now been followed up in a diagram that labelled several of the nation's territories "gifts" from Russian tsars. In what analysts dubbed an unnecessary and inaccurate history session, Mr Putin said in his nearly one-hour-long address: "Modern Ukraine was entirely created by Russia, more precisely, Bolshevik, communist Russia. This process began immediately after the revolution of 1917... "As a result of Bolshevik policy, Soviet Ukraine arose, which even today can with good reason be called 'Vladimir Ilyich Lenin's Ukraine'. "He is its author and architect. "This is fully confirmed by archive documents ... And now grateful descendants have demolished monuments to Lenin in Ukraine. This is what they call decommunisation." READ MORE: Putin's 'time travelling error': Major blunder in security speech The modern and independent Ukraine known today came into being in 1991 after the fall of Communism, when it ceased to be a Soviet republic. Its current conflict with Russia dates back to the 2014 annexation and seizure of Crimea, a Black Sea peninsula that the Kremlin legalised as a federal subject back then. Ever since, Moscow has viewed Kiev as a rival; and its ties with the West, as a threat. The root of Monday's escalation is just that. Mr Putin has for months requested guarantees by NATO it won't admit Ukraine as a member of the Alliance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea NATO's unwillingness to make such a promise has led to increasing provocations by the Kremlin, whose ministers stressed their security was at stake. Despite more than 100,000 Russian troops massed near Ukraine's borders for months, Mr Putin's team insisted all along they did not intend to attack their neighbour. But on Monday, the most direct sign yet of readiness to take the row a step further arrived as the Russian leader said: "Do you want decommunisation? Well, that suits us just fine. "But it is unnecessary, as they say, to stop halfway. We are ready to show you what real decommunisation means for Ukraine." DON'T MISSUkraine demands EU ban NordStream2 gas pipeline FOREVER [REPORT]The 9 war machines Russia has at its disposal [INSIGHT]Putin's shirtless photos in bizarre calendars of Russian President [IMAGES] After describing Ukraine as "historically Russian land", Mr Putin ordered troops into Ukraine's breakaway regions, claiming he did so for the Russian military to act as "peacekeepers". The West widely accused the president of fabricating a pretext for war, and the White House said his justification was "nonsense". Moscow's move was followed by a united response from the US, EU, UK and beyond – all unveiling packages of sanctions in a bid to avert further incursions. In the UK, Prime Minister Boris Johnson presented a "first barrage" of sanctions, which includes targeting five Russian banks as well as three individuals, Gennady Timchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg, who will have their UK assets frozen and be barred from entering the country. In Germany, Chancellor Olaf Scholz put the Nord Stream 2 project on halt. And in the US, Joe Biden said penalties would be applied on Russian banks, oligarchs and the country's sovereign debt, adding Moscow would "pay an even steeper price if it continues its aggression". Washington on Wednesday told the UN General Assembly that a full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine could displace as many as five million people. America's ambassador to the UN, Linda Thomas-Greenfield, said: "If Russia continues down this path, it could, according to our estimates, create a new refugee crisis, one of the largest facing the world today."