Oti Mabuse, 31, has found herself at the centre of controversy following the latest instalment of Dancing On Ice on Sunday. The judge looked phenomenal in a plunging gown in yellow that she paired with a large aquamarine necklace and matching earrings. However, some viewers did not seem too impressed as they took to Twitter to voice their opinion on the show-stopping gown. Some branded the dress inappropriate, while others accused the TV star of putting too much cleavage on display. Karen M Renton said: “Oti's dress is obscene. Put them away love. “It's a family show #DancingOnIce.” READ MORE: Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap Sammyj1966 agreed: “It is a bit ‘in your face’ isn’t it?” Londoner49 penned: “She is lovely  but that dress is totally inappropriate. Less is more Oti.” SLE189 added: “Me thinks she craves the attention…” Oti recently spoke out on her future on Strictly Come Dancing after making her debut on Dancing on Ice as a judge last month. The star explained in an interview that her return to the BBC One dance show is "not for her to say". The dancer has been on Strictly Come Dancing since she joined as a professional in 2015. She became the only professional to win the show for two consecutive years with Kelvin Fletcher and Bill Bailey. Asked whether she would be returning to this year's Strictly with her busy schedule, Oti told Metro.co.uk: "I love how you put that question! DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other' [INSIGHT]‘So silly!’ Richard Madeley shuts down Meghan and Harry fans [TV]Marvel's Evangeline Lilly calls out Justin Trudeau over protests [LATEST] “Everybody keeps asking me. It’s not for me to say. "Strictly is such a big machine and no one is bigger than that show." She went on: "To touch anything around Strictly is such an honour and it will always be who I am. "For everyone who’s on it and part of it on and off screen, we all truly love it." Oti also told Fabulous magazine last month: "I really love Strictly, and we just had the final and all that emotion. “Did you see me [during the final]? I looked like a mess. “It has been such a big part of my life. The best part of my whole dancing career has been Strictly. "So, I don’t know yet, I really don’t.”