Season six of Outlander takes its cue from Diana Gabaldon’s novel A Breath of Snow and Ashes with the show’s writers using major storylines from the source text as well as a bit of creative licence. Fans can expect a heady mix of historical drama, romance and action from the new series. As always, there will be some more poignant moments thrown into proceedings with actor Heughan seeming to confirm as much in a recent interview. Appearing on BBC Radio 2’s breakfast show with Zoe Ball today (Tuesday, February 22), star Sam Heughan, 44, dropped some big hints about the fate of Jamie (played by Heughan) and Claire’s (Catriona Balfe) home Fraser’s Ridge, suggesting it was beginning of the end for the couple’s time in the New World. He said: “It’s been an extended Droughtlander, as [the fans] like to call it, but we’re back on March 6 and it’s our new season. “We have our premiere this week and I just love all that build-up to the actual premiere date. I think it’s going to be a lot of fun.” The Scottish actor went on to explain: “We pick up from season five and Claire is recovering from the trauma of being assaulted - it’s so much. And Jamie’s having to deal with the War of Independence as it’s fast approaching. READ MORE: Outlander: Who dies first out of Jamie and Claire Fraser? “He knows what’s about to happen and he’s trying to be on the right side. “He’s got divided loyalties and then we have this new character in the form of Tom Christie. “This family arrive which is basically Jamie’s old adversary, so it’s the beginning of - dare I say it - the end of Fraser’s Ridge.” Heughan went on to talk about the tougher moments, saying: “This season, I hate to say it, goes to some pretty dark places pretty quickly.” His words suggest the home Jamie and Claire have built in America will be redundant soon enough and the pair may have to flee again to find a new safe haven. As fans will remember, the couple left Scotland in season three to escape the clutches of the crown and start afresh as well as rescuing Young Ian (John Bell) after he was kidnapped. Jamie and Claire simply sought a peaceful life with a patch of land to live off after the hero had to let go of any hope of becoming the laird of Lallybroch for the sake of his family. With some time now having passed since their departure from Scotland and with war on the cards in America, perhaps they can finally go back to Scotland with Jamie reuniting with his family there. For those unfamiliar with A Breath of Snow and Ashes, the novel continues to focus on Claire and Jamie’s adventures in North Carolina as the American Revolution draws ever closer. The Scotsman will find his allegiances tested once more as he’s caught between a rock and a hard place, being a pawn to the British crown while trying to protect his people. Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) will continue to build lives for themselves in the past on Fraser’s Ridge with the 20th century history professor struggling to find his place. To add to the mix will be newcomers in the form of Thomas Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) and his children Allan (Alexander Vlahos) and Malva (Jessica Reynolds), who will be bringing much drama with their arrival at Fraser’s Ridge. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley [VIEWER REACTION]Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INTERVIEW]The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' [VIDEO] Starz series Outlander has been off screens for some time after the coronavirus pandemic halted production on the sixth cycle. With the series finally here, Starz has organised an event to treat the fans in the form of a premiere at the Royal Festival Hall in London on February 24 attended by the cast and crew. The news was announced as a Valentine’s Day present to Outlander fans who have been waiting for the new episodes. Season six consists of only eight episodes - making it the shortest run to date - but the opening instalment will be 90 minutes and showrunner Matthew B. Roberts has promised to make up for this with a longer seventh series. Outlander season 6 will be returning to Starz in America and StarzPlay in the UK on March 6