Kristina Rihanoff, 44, has sparked outrage on social media after she took to Twitter to weigh in on the Ukraine crisis in view of her 148,000 followers. The former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer said in a now-deleted tweet she did not “give a s**t about the war.” The ex-Strictly pro hit out at the Prime Minister over his Government’s coronavirus measures and their impact on her business. According to the MailOnline, Kristina wrote: “I do want to focus on what sort of punishment Boris Johnson will have for destroying my family run business and 1000 of others. “Many of my friends LOST businesses because of government lockdowns. “Don't give a s**t about the war but I do about the debt because of NO TRADING for 2yrs.” (sic) READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Kristina had also lashed out at a Ukrainian journalist who explained her mother was fleeing from her homeland. In a separate tweet, she penned: “Why don't you report about everyone who was abused in Ukraine by extreme nationalists for 8 yrs Prohibiting families to speak Russian language, terrorising peaceful Russian families which I know many who live in Ukraine.” (sic) She then directed her furious rant at US President Joe Biden and Number 10’s alleged lockdown parties. Kristina said: “Thoughts - Biden can only change his diapers on his own, he can't do anything else. People who control him know that war is very profitable. Let's make sure war happens. At all costs. “And isn't it great that UK no longer angry at diabolical parties. How convenient.” (sic) The comments left other social media users enraged as they urged her to “read the room” and “delete the insensitive tweets." Pauldaustin said: “‘I don’t believe in useless posts.’ Read the room, and stick to your day job.” Chanbirtwistle added: “Tbh I think you need to delete the insensitive tweets in respect of Ukranian families struggling in underground stations trying to keep safe and warm from Russian soldiers.” (sic) DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him[NEWS]David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him'[LATEST] MartinHarrison3 typed: “I think your original tweet might have a bigger effect on your business than the last two years of Covid-19 had. Totally thoughtless.” Kristina has since posted a statement to clarify what she initially meant and that she did not mean to cause offence. The statement read: “I made fun of Eurovision tweet by Sky. I did think there was far more important information on that day that Eurovision. This is in any form says I was supporting what's happening at the moment between Russia & Ukraine. “It's absolutely devastating for someone like me who's grandad from Ukraine and I gave Ukrainian name to my daughter Milena. My best friend is also from Ukraine. I grew up with knowledge that we were one nation and one country.” (sic) The dancer added: “I’m not into politics and hate politicians because THEY ALL LIE. Seeing the news is breaking my heart as I have Russian friends who live in UKRAINE and vice versa. “The awful thing is that there is casualties on both sides and on both sides mums & dads will cry for their lost relatives. The point is that this shouldn't ever taken place, never should have happened. “The country leaders Should have found the way along time ago to sort this peacefully but they didn't bcs war is a profitable business and someone unfortunately making profit on this. (sic) “I'm not supporting Putin, war, invasion, lost lives and politics. I hate it as much as a human being possibly can. If I offended anyone it wasn't my intention and I'm deeply sorry. While I was born in Russia I left it 22yrs ago and an American citizen.” (sic)