 Hufflepuff, a two-year-old Bitzer dog, tucked into the bizarre snack while his owner was out of the house. Avid animal lover Sue Penda said her pup, named after the Hogwarts House in Harry Potter, was so ill after eating the household item he suffered four internal blockages and severe trauma to his intestines.   Hufflepuff had to undergo four hours of emergency surgery to remove the fabric from his system, Cornwall Live reported. He then spent three weeks in intensive care and had to have more surgery to remove parts of his gut that were still affected. After spending a total of four hours under the knife and twenty days in intensive care, Hufflepuff was finally given the all clear and allowed to return home. The traumatic ordeal took its toll on Hufflepuff and owner Ms Penda, who had only recently lost three other dogs to cancer within a year of each other.  Ms Penda, who lives near Redruth, Cornwall, is an avid animal rescuer and was out visiting a horse she fosters at the time of Hufflepuff’s incident. Although Ms Penda, who used to manage a nearby dogs home in Newquay, had costly insurance for Hufflepuff, the total vet bill was far above the amount it covered. The cost of the emergency surgery and later procedures was a whopping £12,000 while Hufflepuff’s insurance only covered £7000. Ms Penda said it will be years before she manages to clear the remaining debt from the mammoth bill. READ MORE: Adorable paralysed puppy offered new start in pink wheelchair    The financial hit of Hufflepuff’s treatment came as yet another blow after the pensioner spent thousands of treatments for her other three dogs who she recently lost to cancer. Despite using her personal savings and even selling her vehicle to fund their additional treatment two of her dogs also went over the threshold of their £7000 insurance coverage. Friend Donna Burgess is trying to raise the additional funds that were not covered by Hufflepuff’s insurance to help Ms Penda pay for her dog’s life saving treatment. Ms Burgess said: "She is a responsible owner. All her animals are insured but 2021 gave her the most awful run of poor luck. "She nursed and lost three of her dogs to cancer in less than 12 months with two of them going beyond their insurance cover and Sue funded treatment from savings and selling her vehicle. Then Hufflepuff happened. DON'T MISS:Ursula von Der Leyen condemns ‘unprovoked attack’ on Ukraine [BREAKING]Ukraine- Russia war LIVE: Putin launches full-scale attack [LIVE]Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT]     "While Sue was out dealing with a horse that she is fostering, Hufflepuff thought it was a really good idea to eat some plastic tablecloth. Hufflepuff was wrong." Ms Burgess said her friend Ms Penda will spend years paying off the bill using her state pension if she doesn’t get support from others. She has set up a fundraising page for friends, family and members of the public to help fund Hufflepuff’s miracle treatment. Her friend said: "A lot of people would have given up but not Sue. She never once hesitated to authorise his treatment and thanks to her and the vet's stick-to-it-iveness he has finally made a full recovery." She added: "I would dearly love to raise as much as possible to help towards Hufflepuff's vet bill and I would be deeply grateful if you felt able to contribute. All monies will go directly to his veterinary cost.” You can view the fundraiser for Hufflepuff here.  Additional reporting by Lisa Letcher. 