The Russian President is expected to increase his military show of force and escalate his attack on Ukraine in a bid to remove Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to Politico, Putin is "getting desperate" as he believed the war would end way before its current course. The Russian leader on Monday accused the European Union of hostile behaviour towards Russia, saying weapons supplies to Ukraine were dangerous and destabilising and proved Russia is right in its efforts to demilitarise its neighbour. The West has stepped up arms supplies to Ukraine in order to help it defend against a Russian invasion Moscow calls a "special military operation" aimed at protecting civilians. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov declined to comment on the number of casualties Russian forces have suffered, or to elaborate on President Putin's instructions at the weekend for Russia's nuclear deterrence forces to be placed on a "special regime". It comes as a Ukrainian MP who has taken up arms to defend the country's capital city from the Russian invasion has said she will do so "as long as needed". Kira Rudik, the leader of the Voice party in the Rada parliament, said she was confident she should could shoot a Russian soldier if one came to her home. Her comments come as the economic toll of sanctions against Russia started to become clear, with the rouble falling by 26 percent against the US dollar after western nations moved to block Russian banks from the Swift global payment system. Speaking to BBC Radio Scotland on Monday, the MP said: "I don't have any plans to leave, this is my city, this is my country, and I plan to defend it for as long as will be needed. "There is no chance that some Russian crazy dictator would be able to push me away from where I live and where I love." Ms Rudik is one of many in Ukraine who have taken up the offer of arming themselves, with military forces looking to bolster key positions. "We received rifles in the Ukrainian parliament and for the last couple of days I was training to use it, so right now I'm pretty confident I would be able to shoot somebody if they come to my home," she said. READ MORE: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv "I assembled a resistance crew which now consists of 15 people, and we were able to stand up for ourselves and help our army patrol the streets." She predicted the invasion would last between 10 days and two weeks, due to Russia's high casualties, low morale and unpreparedness for a drawn-out conflict. "First of all, because Russia is losing 1,000 people per day, I'm not sure it's a sustainable pace for the Russian army," she said. "Secondly, there hasn't been any big victory that the Russian president can say 'look, we've freed another Ukrainian city', so that will beat up the morale. "And we see that Putin didn't plan to have a long war - when we look at the soldiers that are coming in they don't even have supplies, they hope they will come and be greeted here with open arms, they face the resistance and that's why they can't take anything. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead [INSIGHT]'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [REACTION]Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance [ANALYSIS] "Right now, they are in shock. I don't think that he anticipated any of this - he will regroup now, but he will not be able to hold on to a long, drawn-out war." Ms Rudik added that she was "extremely grateful" to foreign countries for sanctions and the provision of military support, adding: "Every time I receive a message from all over the world, it makes my heart sing - people really, really do support Ukraine." She also said the invasion would precipitate a "new world order", saying: "There are tyrannies that need to be isolated and there are democratic countries who can help each other to evolve. "This is why it's so important for us to stay on the bright side, and even if we feel this is a David versus Goliath situation, I am still persuaded that once it's all gone, we will be able to build the country in a much better situation with better support with other countries."