Declan Donnelly, 46, has been married to wife Ali Astall since 2015, after the couple began dating in 2013. However, the host has had a history of dating other celebrities prior to dating the talent manager. The other half of the Ant and Dec pair has had a long dating history prior to meeting Ali. The couple share a daughter together, Isla, who is three years old. Before Ali, however, Dec dated Clare Buckfield for 11 years, after the two met as teenagers. Clare is known for appearing in Grange Hill and Two Point Four Children. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years Following their split in 2003, Dec explained that they ended their relationship due to conflicting schedules. Shortly after this, the TV presenter began dating Sky Sports Presenter Georgie Thompson. They dated for two years, and despite the end of their relationship, they remained on good terms. Georgie explained that the reason for the split was a misalignment in terms of career goals. The Sky presenter said that they wanted different things out of life. She said: “In the end, it wasn’t to be and the reality is that if one person wants one thing and one person wants another." She added in the interview with The Mirror in 2011 that despite however painful it may be, it’s important to be “grown-up” about it and accept it. Dec was also rumoured to have dated Ashley Roberts following her short appearance in 2012’s I’m A Celebrity. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] At the time, she opened up publicly about how she would like to get to know Dec better and go for a “drink and a chat.” In 2013, she explained that she’d like to keep it out of the public eye but that they were still getting to know each other. “We’re having fun, but I’m single,” she said. The two have stayed friends and Ashley attended Dec’s 2015 wedding. Ant and Dec, in January, began promoting their new show, Limitless Win, which they admitted had been the only one to grab their attention in ten years. Dec told PA earlier this year "nothing has really tickled us in the last 10 years, nothing's really grabbed us. "And the first time we played this, we were like, 'Oh my God, I love it. I love it’.” Limitless Win sees contestants compete for the world's first unlimited jackpot. The pair are currently on screens with the new series of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway. The show airs on ITV tonight at 7pm.