Emily Maitlis has taken to Twitter and announced that she has quit the BBC after 20 years. The Newsnight host shared a candid message in view of her 452,000 followers today. Emily, 51, described it as a “wrench” to leave the broadcaster after a “phenomenal” two decades. The political correspondent has revealed that she will be joining Global to launch a brand new podcast with her BBC colleague Jon Sopel. Speaking about her new role, the Newsnight presenter detailed her latest move away from the Beeb. She penned: "Some work news - @BBCJonSopel and I are going to launch a brand new podcast with @Global, exec produced by @dinosofos. It’s an amazing opportunity to do something we all love, and we are so thrilled Global is giving us this opportunity to be big and ambitious with this project. READ MORE: Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy' "@dinosofos has been the powerhouse behind Brexitcast, Newscast and Americast, and we are delighted his new company @persephonica will be producing this major new podcast with Global." Emily added: "Nevertheless, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after 20 phenomenal years. I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there. "More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends. I owe my BBC colleagues everything." She added that the new daily podcast will “build on everything we’ve achieved” with the BBC Sounds podcast Americast over the last few years. Jon, who had most recently served as the BBC’s North America editor said he was leaving the BBC after nearly four decades with “nothing but good feelings towards the corporation”. He tweeted: “Opportunities like this just don’t come along very often. But am sad to leave the BBC which has been home for so long. “Of course, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after nearly 4 decades, and have loved my time there – partic the last seven years as North America Editor. "I leave with nothing but good feelings towards the Corporation, and wish all the best to my colleagues and friends there.” DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George's 'painful' pregnancy amid health woes[LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice'[POLITICS]Linda Nolan reaches out to Janey Godley amid cancer battle struggle[HEALTH] Global said that full details of Emily and Jon’s daily podcast will be announced later in the year. Social media users have flocked to comment on the post, as people addressed the news. Andrew Sage remarked: "What!?! Gobsmacked. Really sorry to hear this. The BBC loosing senior and very highly respected people like Emily and Jon does not bode well." Helena Wilkinson commented: "Oh wow! Huge news Emily. Many congratulations on the next work adventure. But don’t go!!! You will be so, so missed." Charlie Proctor shared: "Sad to see you leave the BBC, Emily. The country’s best interviewer has left the building! Will definitely tune in to your new venture." Emily first joined Newsnight in 2006 and her most famous interview on the current affairs show came when she sat down with Prince Andrew in November 2019 to discuss his relationship with convicted sex offender Jeffery Epstein. The interview saw her win the Network Presenter of the Year award at the RTS Television Journalism Awards in 2020. She will join Global alongside BBC correspondent Jon, who started his career at the BBC in 1983 as the one-time chief political correspondent for BBC News 24, and, in 2005, replaced Jeremy Vine as the lead presenter of The Politics Show. He previously presented BBC News and, in 2020, started the podcast Americast alongside Emily and the BBC’s chief North American reporter, Anthony Zurcher.