Propagating roses can be tricky, especially if you’ve never done it before. Propagate simply means to reproduce a plant from an existing cutting, rather than from seeds. When propagating, the plant will replicate the parent it comes from. Normally, when propagating, rose cuttings are rooted in water in late spring or in soil. However, rose cuttings can be grown using a potato, according to some experts. The theory is that the potato will ensure the cutting remains moist. The potato will also provide much-needed nutrients for the plant. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home As the plant grows, the potato breaks down and gives the soil nutrients. However, some experts claim grousing rose cuttings in a potato is a myth. Michael Marriott, technical manager at David Austin Roses, told The Guardian: “The question that comes to my mind is, why put them in potatoes? “Why not just put them straight in the ground?”  DON'T MISSWho owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [UPDATE]Rightmove: Asking prices jump by £7k as ‘demand’ continues to ‘rise’ [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, Rosebie Morton of the Real Flower Company said the technique does keep the cuttings moist. But she said it’s doubtful the method is more beneficial than propagating as normal. For those wishing to give the potato hack a go, here is a step-by-step technique: Gardeners will need a firm, moist potato, a good rose cutting from a rose bush, a drill or corkscrew, clippers and a hormone gel. A hole needs to be carved out of the potato that is a bit smaller than the cutting itself. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Using a drill is best but using a long corkscrew will work. It’s essential the hole does not go through the potato, according to Better Homes and Gardens. Trim around half an inch off or 10 millimetres off the end of the cutting. Gardeners can also wound a bit of the outer cane of the rose cutting to provide more root starting area.   The root-end of the cutting then needs to be dipped in the hormone gel. If gardeners don’t have hormone gel the honey or Vegemite might do the trick. Once dipped, the rose can be placed into the hole of the potato. Finally, plant the potato and cutting into a garden area or container with at around three inches of compost. Water the soil and press down the soil lightly.