Pep Guardiola has insisted that Manchester City will need to win every one of their remaining Premier League matches in order to beat Liverpool to this year's domestic honours at the end of the season. City have enjoyed the upper hand over their Merseyside rivals for the vast majority of the campaign but are in danger of being dragged into a two-horse race as a result of Liverpool's imperious recent form. The Reds have taken all three points from each of their last six Premier League outings and currently find themselves six points adrift of City with a game in hand.The defending Premier League champions saw their lead cut back when they were beaten at Tottenham thanks to Harry Kane's last-gasp winner earlier this month.Meanwhile, City and Liverpool are yet to face each other twice this season and will do battle once again in April at the Etihad Stadium in a must-win encounter for both sets of players.Guardiola is fully aware of the significance of this fixture but is adamant that each and every match needs to be treated equally in order to achieve Premier League glory at the end of the season."If you want to be champion in the Premier League against this rival [Liverpool], they are not going to drop points," explained the City boss after Saturday's win over Everton at Goodison Park. JUST IN: Fernandes takes different route to Rangnick in assessing Man Utd draw "You have to do a job in nearly all the games. We felt it in the past, and we have to do it this year, it is not an exception."City managed to claim all three points in their last outing against Everton, who made Guardiola's side work hard for a positive result.Phil Foden managed to capitalise on Michael Keane's error to score from close range during the closing stages of the match before Everton were denied a late penalty shout after Rodri appeared to handle the ball inside the area.The visitors were fortunate to come away with the spoils in spite of their dominance, with every point gained between now and the end of the season likely to be crucial in shaping the result of their ongoing battle with Liverpool. Guardiola went on to admit that he has already spoken to his City players to discuss the threat posed by Jurgen Klopp's side, who are still in with a chance of winning their second Premier League title in three years."We have spoken about that, so we can understand the situation," he added."We have 11 games left, and we know what we have to do. We have to win all of them, or almost nearly all of them to be champions. "So [Manchester] derby [next], Champions League, [then Crystal] Palace. Every game will be incredibly tough and you have to face it every game knowing that if we drop points it will be difficult to be champions. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "Absolutely it was always going to be a closer fight than people were saying. Every game will be similar like we live today, for sure."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether City will be able to avoid losing their grip on their position at the summit of the Premier League table over the coming months.They will be looking to maintain their hopes of winning this year's FA Cup with victory over Peterborough United in their next outing on Wednesday evening.Guardiola's side will be desperate to follow up by reclaiming the local bragging rights when they welcome Manchester United to the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here