With the 28th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards under way, one of the night’s A-list attendees, Kerry Washington, has debuted her stunning gown ahead of the show. Last year, when the awards show was held virtually due to the coronavirus pandemic, Kerry was nominated for Outstanding Performance By A Female Actor In A Television Movie or Limited Series for her role in the TV mini series, Little Fires Everywhere. She was up against Cate Blanchett, Michaela Coel, Nicole Kidman and Anya Taylor-Joy in the category, with Anya taking home the trophy. Taking to her social media, Kerry posted some glamorous pictures as she posed radiantly in a neon yellow, knot-front gown and wore a berry lipstick to complement the look. The dress is a Celia Kritharioti design. There is also an image where Kerry is in a car, being driven to the awards show, and is clutching a matching yellow purse. READ MORE: Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil Vickery in candid chat  Her transformation is certainly an impressive one. The video was posted in view of her 6.5 million followers. She captioned the images: “#SAGAwards” followed by yellow heart symbols. Fans loved seeing the behind-the-scenes pics and rushed to leave flattering comments. @Carolagmakeup commented: “Omg!!!!! Stop being PERFECT!!! That car shot is everything!!!!!” @anjula_acharia said: “STOP THE PRESS!!!! Gorgeous gorgeous” followed by fire symbols. And @sarah_gklp commented: “Literally nobody can stop you.” Kerry also posted a video clip to her Instagram Stories, playfully singing along to Celine Dion’s It’s All Coming Back To Me Now as she shows the transformation from the makeup chair to being red carpet ready. DON’T MISS: David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's partner 'was a b**** to him' [INSIGHT] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with crucial message to 'spend time with family' [UPDATE] John Cleese blasts Trump’s claims Putin wouldn’t dare invade Ukraine under his presidency [LATEST]     Last year, Kerry went for a slightly different theme. The Scandal actress opted for a mermaid-navy blue 1920s-inspired beaded custom Etro dress with matching headpiece and nails. She debuted the look in a rather unconventional, but arguably appropriate way - from her swimming pool. Taking to her social media, she shared three photos of her sultry look, captioning the post: “#SAGAwards is going swimmingly…#MermaidVibesAlways.” As she posed against the steps, Kerry looked ever the star. She also wrote on Instagram: "Grateful to the #SAGAwards for giving me a reason to get dressed up. “You gotta ditch the sweats when you’re surrounded by all the BEAUTY & BRILLIANCE in this category. “Sooooooooo honored to be nominated for #LittleFiresEverywhere among you ladies, #MichaelaCoel, @anyataylorjoy, @nicolekidman & #CateBlanchett.” 