After an extended hiatus, NCIS will finally be returning to CBS for Brian Dietzen’s co-writing debut. While the actor will also star in the episode as the beloved Dr Jimmy Palmer, more clues suggest Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama) may take on a new role as the guardian for Jimmy’s daughter, Victoria Palmer (Elle Graper).  As well as being an exciting episode for the cast, fans are also excited to see the NCIS comeback as it will also include the return of some long time faces. Expert immunologist Doctor Carol Wilson (Meredith Eaton) who was last seen in season 11 was confirmed to make an appearance after a special Instagram. Victoria Palmer, who hasn’t returned since episode 12, will grace the scenes for the Take Your Daughter to Work Day. However, it looks as though this will take an unexpected turn for the team, which will leave Torres with more on his plate than he anticipated.  READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute Promo clues revealed as the NCIS investigate the death of an intruder at Quantico, Jimmy and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) would find themselves in a serious situation. In the upcoming episode titled ‘The Helpers,’ Jimmy and Kasie would be exposed to a deadly biotoxin. This was a major reason for Carol’s return, as a trusted immunologist for the NCIS before her departure, she was the first person who got the call to help find an antidote. In the meantime, Jimmy and Kasie were quarantined while they tried to find something for the two.  Sadly, this dire situation took place while Victoria was visiting and as the team were busy on the case, Torres was granted the responsibility of being the child's temporary guardian. Although he and Jimmy were good friends and therefore trusted him with Victoria, this is a completely new role for Torres, one he had no experience in. He may not even be able to tap into his childhood as it was interrupted after his father walked out of his family when he was just five years old. Viewers gained major insight into the non-existent relationship in season 18 when Torres came face to face with his father for the first time in 30 years. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star left emotional on set by co-star's performance [INSIGHT]  In the emotional episode, the agent discovered his father Miguel (Steven Bauer) was not dead but instead left his family to work for the government. He had been working on dangerous undercover missions for various government agencies including the CIA. Torres was also taken aback to learn Miguel had been keeping tabs on the family through the church and had provided for them financially. This was tough for the NCIS agent to unpack as he had considered his father a deadbeat however, the two made up as Miguel accepted an invitation to dinner with his son.  Sadly, when Torres arrived at his hotel in the evening, Miguel was nowhere to be found. He had abandoned his son again, and instead, Torres visited Gibbs (Mark Harmon) whom he had always considered a father figure and the two enjoyed food and conversation. Dietzen dropped a major clue about the episode and disclosed: “Wilmer Valderrama just kind of knocks it out of the park, there are a couple of moments that definitely got me, you know?” With the knowledge, the upcoming episode could be an emotional one, viewers better have their tissues at the ready. NCIS returns to CBS on Monday, February 28. 