Call The Midwife returned to BBC One this weekend for an emotional season finale that included a huge tragedy. Thankfully it was a happy ending for the nuns and midwives at Nonnatus House. Fans are keen to know whether the story will continue into a 12th season. Call The Midwife fans were left in shock after watching a train from Chelmsford derail just outside of Poplar. The aftermath of the horrific event will play out in the season finale, and viewers are hoping for no fatalities. As uplifting as the historical drama may be, it is also known for its harrowing storylines. Whether the season ends on a high note is yet to be revealed, but what about the show's future? Fans will be pleased to hear the popular series has been renewed for at least another two seasons. READ MORE: Cliff Parisi wife: Is the Call The Midwife actor married? Back in April 2021, the BBC announced the show would run until 2024 at the earliest. Series 12 and 13 will each comprise eight one-hour episodes as usual. There will also be the highly-anticipated Christmas specials. Creator Heidi Thomas said at the time of the announcement: "It’s an incredible privilege to be able to look back on a decade of Call The Midwife, and yet know that our journey is still very far from over. "We are thrilled to be going on for a few more years! READ MORE: Call the Midwife’s Stephen McGann shares devastating link to finale "Like Nonnatus House itself, we have a proud past but an even more exciting future - full of old favourites, fresh faces, higher hemlines, new ideas. "The stories we tell are like babies - they never stop coming, we love them all, and we vow to do our best by every single one.” There is still so much to tell when it comes to the individual characters and their storylines. Fan-favourite Trixie Franklin (Helen George) left towards the end of season 11 to care for her godmother who had fallen ill. Actress George left the series to give birth to her second child but is expected to return. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife season 11 episode 7 cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT] Has Helen George left Call The Midwife as Trixie Franklin? [EXPLAINER] Daniel Laurie father: Who is the Call the Midwife star's famous dad? [INSIGHT] Trixie is only at the start of her relationship with Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) and there are exciting times ahead. Fans are hoping a wedding is on the horizon for the pair and they wish Trixie will find happiness. As for Lucille (Leonie Elliot) and Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte), they may have another try at conceiving a child. Lucille miscarried her first baby as part of a heartbreaking season 11 storyline. Fans are also concerned about Sister Monica Joan's (Judy Parfitt) longevity as she has spoken many times of death. READ MORE: Call the Midwife confirm future on BBC after heartbreaking episode The 86-year-old actress could be preparing to leave the series in a devastating way. Viewers' prayers may have been answered when it comes to the season 12 plot. Pas Brown said on Twitter: "#CallTheMidwife Hey writers bring Olly Rix as a full time character so we can see Trixie/Matthew be in a relationship & get married in the season 12 Christmas special." [Sic] Matthew Aylward has become a more prominent character in recent episodes, so another winter wedding could be on the cards. An official release date for season 12 is yet to be announced but it is likely to air in January 2023.  Call The Midwife season 11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.