Kate is the daughter of self-made millionaires Michael and Carole Middleton who achieved financial success with their company, Party Pieces, which sells party supplies and decorations via mail. Due to her family’s wealth, Kate enjoyed a luxurious lifestyle long before she married into the Royal Family. Kate, 40, and her family regularly jetted off to sun-soaked vacation spots like the Caribbean. While there, the family would reportedly rent a plush villa on the exclusive island of Mustique. Also during the early years of their relationship, Kate and William took romantic skiing trips to the Swiss Alps. During their trip, the couple would stay in the £40,000 a week Chalet Eugenia in the gorgeous resort of Klosters. According to a royal author, the monarch had concerns about Kate's jet-set lifestyle. In her 2010 biography ‘William and Harry’, author Katie Nicholl claimed that, by 2008, Kate's "love of exotic holidays" had caught the Queen's attention. The book claims that the monarch believed that "swanning from one five-star holiday resort to another" was "not the prerequisite for a young woman possibly destined to be Queen". Royal expert Ms Nicholl said Her Majesty was unsure if Kate would be a viable wife for Prince William. READ MORE: Home Office rubbishes claim deportation flight delayed for royal tour She wrote: "If she was not with William at Balmoral then the couple were skiing or holidaying on Mustique. "Kate was there so often the press dubbed her 'Queen of Mustique', a title that had previously belonged to Princess Margaret. "Britain was now in a recession and such frivolous displays of wealth were unpalatable to the Queen." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tied the knot at Westminster Abbey in 2011 after eight years of dating. DON'T MISS POLL: Should crown skip Charles and Camilla for William and Kate? [POLL] Meghan Markle & Harry show 'signals of laughter' with Princess Eugenie [INSIGHT] Kate's 'broody' confession sparks hopes over new royal baby [REVEAL] The couple met in 2001 while both attending the University of St Andrews in Scotland. In recent years, particularly since welcoming their three children to the world, Kate and Will have also scaled back their high-end lifestyle. The Cambridges have chosen to holiday more locally in places like the Isles of Scilly and Balmoral Castle in the last few years. Today, Kate is considered a firm favourite of the Queen's and forms an integral part of the Firm and the Queen's support network alongside the likes of Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The Duchess of Cambridge is currently in Denmark on a two-day solo royal tour. The is a fact-finding mission for the Duchess to learn more about Denmark's world-leading approach to the early years. On the first day of her visit, Kate headed to the University of Copenhagen to speak with experts and researchers about the Copenhagen Infant Mental Health Project. Kate then headed to the Copenhagen Children's Museum, where she chatted with parents of young children. On day two, Kate visited Stenurton Forest School, where she learned how Denmark uses its natural environment to educate children and boost their wellbeing.