GRAPHIC WARNING: This article contains images that some viewers may find distressing. Kharkiv, the second-largest city in Ukraine, was blanketed by explosions today. Graphic footage from the scene showed streets littered with dead bodies and wounded civilians. Writing on Facebook, interior ministry adviser Anton Heraschenko said: "Kharkiv has just been massively fired upon by Grads (rockets)." He added: "Dozens of dead and hundreds of wounded." A military source has suggested that "cluster" munitions were used in the bombing, in what would qualify as a war crime. Cluster munitions scatter smaller munitions or bomblets over a wide area, increasing the potential for indiscriminate casualties and damage. More than 100 countries committed never to use the weapons under the Convention on Cluster Munitions, including the UK, but neither Russia nor Ukraine have signed the agreement. It is believed the same type of weapons were used to hit a nursery in Kyiv. Speaking about the bombing of Kharkiv, the military source told the MailOnline: "The BM-21 Grad is a multiple launch rocket system used for 'area denial', dropping cluster bombs on a concentrated area. "It's mainly used on enemy troops before an offensive. "Used against civilians, it’s not only a war crime but has only one purpose – to spread terror and alarm among the civilian population." READ MORE: Picture shows school child shot dead with her parents in Kyiv The images of the bombing also showed used cartridges from BM-21 Grad rockets. This is one of the most serious attacks on civilians since the fighting began on Thursday. U.N. human rights chief Michelle Bachelet confirmed that 102 civilians, including 7 children, have been killed in Ukraine so far. She said that 304 other civilians have been injured, but said that the figures were likely to underestimate the true total. DON'T MISS: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely' [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT] Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION] Ukraine's own human rights commissioner on Sunday put the figure at more than double that, with 210 civilians reported to have been killed in the conflict. In addition to the reported use of cluster bombs on Kharkiv, the Russian army has been accused of war crimes by Ukrainian leaders in their bombing of a nursery. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba confirmed that he would be providing evidence to the International Court of Justice, saying: "Today’s Russian attacks on a kindergarten and an orphanage are war crimes and violations of the Rome Statute. "Together with the General Prosecutor’s Office we are collecting this and other facts, which we will immediately send to the Hague. "Responsibility is inevitable." Meanwhile, the Ukrainian Armed Forces accused the Russian army of using "methods of war prohibited by international humanitarian law", in a post shared to the force's official Facebook page. They accused Russian troops of "seizing social infrastructure", "wearing the uniform of the Ukrainian military, police and State Emergency Service", and "occupying children's camps and schools", among other things. The brutal attacks on Kharkiv come amid peace talks between Russian and Ukrainian delegations. Ukraine is seeking a total ceasefire and withdrawal of Russian troops from the country.