Transport for London (TfL) announced changes to its Congestion Charge scheme which comes into force today and will see reduced charging hours. Motorists now only need to pay the £15 levy if they travel into central London within an 11-hour window from 7am to 6pm on weekdays.  The fee will also only apply for six hours between 12pm and 6pm on weekends and bank holidays. Previously drivers were required to pay the £15 charge for travelling within the congestion zone for the 15 hours. This was in place between 7am and 10pm every day of the week. TfL confirmed the changes in December following a 10 week consultation with the changes directly addressing “traffic challenges” in central London. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique It added that the changes will look to support London’s culture, hospitality and night-time businesses, which have been hit hard during the pandemic. Speaking at the time the changes were announced, London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the new charging times were “vital”. He added: “The Government insisted on proposals to widen the level and scope of the Congestion Charge last year as a condition of TfL's emergency funding agreement - which was only needed because of the pandemic and the collapse in fares revenue. “These new changes strike a balance between reducing traffic and congestion and supporting London's economy and residents and helping ensure our recovery is a green and sustainable one. DON'T MISSDrivers delighted by new number plates with Union Jack [COMMENT]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT]DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [WARNING] “The removal of the evening charge will support the capital's culture, hospitality and night-time businesses which have struggled so much, as well as encouraging people to walk, cycle and use public transport. “It's vital we do not encourage a car-led recovery and replace one public health crisis with another due to filthy air.” While the Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) is still in place, drivers of petrol and diesel vehicles could now see some discounts to driving in the capital. This comes as new research has found that the ULEZ zone has led to reductions in air pollution in the capital. Gunnar Berghäuser, Emissions Lead at TomTom, said: “Our data shows that the environmental cost of London’s congestion is worryingly high. “To put this into perspective, the UK would need to grow a forest almost the size of Northern Ireland in one year, to capture London’s 2021 traffic-related emissions from the atmosphere. “Fortunately, however, 2021 also saw the acceleration of public programmes that are transforming the way we drive, including London's recently expanded ULEZ, which may be extended further to charge Londoners for every car trip they make by 2024. “According to the latest TomTom data, London’s ULEZ allows to reduce CO2 emissions by five percent, particulate matter emissions by 40 percent and NOx (nitrogen oxide) emissions by 53.6 percent. ”This proves that sustainable policy decisions for more UK cities, coupled with EV uptake and support from local city planners, companies and drivers, will have a significant impact in reducing UK traffic emissions.” Further insight from TomTom found that London remained the second most congested city in the UK, just below Edinburgh. In London, congestion is responsible for 15 percent of transport emissions. By increasing the capital’s electric vehicle ratio by just one percent would remove 155,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions per year. Diesel vehicles still account for the majority of London’s traffic with around 60 percent of vehicles on the capital’s roads being powered by the fuel.