Not in living memory has there been such a concentrated attack on the living standards of ordinary people. We have known what is coming for several months now, but still it will come as a huge shock in April when 22 million households on default energy tariffs find that their gas and energy bills have risen from an average of £1,277 to ones of £1,971. Coming on top of rising food and clothes prices, higher mortgage rates and the 1.25 percent increase in National Insurance Contributions (NICs) it threatens to bust household budgets. Soaring inflation is a sharp wake-up from the Alice in Wonderland world in which we have been living for two years. During the first lockdown, the economy shrank by a fifth but many didn’t experienced financial pain as the Government threw vast quantities of borrowed money at the economy, including directly into households with the furlough scheme. As the global economy recovers from the pandemic the costs are finally filtering through. Demand for energy is recovering, as it is for many goods, but the pandemic has caused a constriction in supply which will take months to resolve. The government has quite rightly thought of ways that it can help the hardest-pressed families. The package announced yesterday by Chancellor Rishi Sunak is of course welcome but the help won’t reach everyone. A council tax rebate for people living in homes in bands A to D won’t help many people of modest means in London, where a disproportionate number of homes are in higher bands. Moreover, the discount of £200 on energy bills announced by Sunak yesterday isn’t a handout. It will be clawed back through higher bills in years to come, and there is no guarantee that wholesale energy prices will fall.  Why can’t the Prime Minister stick to his promise to cut VAT on energy bills – which he told us would be one on the great benefits of leaving the EU? He now says that removing the levy wouldn’t be well targeted because it would benefit well-off households, too. But you don’t have to be a billionaire to be feeling the strain. There are plenty of homes where families on good, professional salaries are struggling with multiple price rises. The Government’s decision to plough ahead with the rise in NICs, too, shows a lack of awareness of the pain households are feeling. In opposition, the Tories rightly called NICs a “tax on jobs”, as they apply only to earnings from work, not investment income. The Government needs to plug the yawning gap between government revenue and spending, but increasing a tax on jobs is the very worst way to go about it. There is a long term issue with energy bills which the Government needs to resolve. As things stand, it is committed to an energy policy which threatens to inflate bills year on year for the next three decades. Most people agree we need to cut carbon emissions and move to cleaner forms of energy, but the way the Government is going about it – setting a legally-binding target to reach net zero emissions by 2050 before it has any clear idea of how that can be done and how much it will cost – has effectively committed the country to paying an open-ended bill.  Under current plans, new oil-fired boilers will be banned from 2026 and gas boilers from 2035, with the only option in many cases being a much dearer heat pump that will cost upwards of £10,000 to install. That isn’t all. Heat pumps operate at lower temperatures than traditional boilers, meaning many homes will need a further £10,000 or more spent insulating them to a standard which ensures the heat pump will keep the property warm. We also face a huge problem in that the Government wants to phase out gas power stations by 2035, by when it wants all our electricity to be generated by renewables or nuclear. While the cost of wind and solar energy has come down sharply over the past decade, consumers will also have to bear the huge costs of energy storage, to keep the lights on when the sun isn’t shining and the wind isn’t blowing. The Government has not yet even begun to get on top of how ordinary households will cope with the bills it is threatening to pile on them. Unless technology develops more rapidly – or the Government revisits its carbon targets – we may look back at 2022 and think that, actually, energy prices then weren’t quite so bad after all. 