Manchester United midfielder Fred has spoken out on the criticism he and his team-mates have received from famous pundits in his time at the club and has claimed the comments made about him in particular by people such as Roy Keane and Gary Neville are 'always negative'. The Brazilian joined United in 2018 under the guidance of Jose Mourinho for a fee of around £47million from Shakhtar Donetsk after some stellar performances for the Ukrainian side. Since his debut the midfield star has made 147 appearances at Old Trafford, but he has yet to win a trophy in the famous red shirt. He has come under a lot of stick for his inability to produce the performances needed to win trophies at the Theatre of Dreams. And his team-mates have also been regularly slated this season, in what has been a disappointing campaign thus far. Keane famously said of Fred and midfield partner Scott McTominay: "As long as those two are playing in midfield for Manchester United, they will not be winning big trophies." But Fred has hit back at the claim, saying that his method of dealing with the criticism is 'to work on the pitch'. "They had many moments of glory for United and now they’re paid to give opinions, so I’m fine with it," Fred said of legends like Keane and Neville to TNT Sports. "It’s their job and it’s their right to do so. I don’t agree with it but it’s their opinion. "I’m not confrontational, I’ve heard a lot of negative comments about me, always negative, but I won’t say anything back. "My focus is to work on the pitch." Fred scored United's third against Leeds on Sunday afternoon to dodge a potential banana skin. The Red Devils flew into a 2-0 lead by the break, but two goals in 24 seconds from Marcelo Bielsa's men gave the relegation candidates renewed hope before Fred stuck a dagger in their dreams before Anthony Elanga made it 4-2 in stoppage time. Frenchman Paul Pogba has also been in the firing line in recent years, especially from Sky's Graeme Souness who has become renowned for his constant criticism of the midfielder. And Pogba recognised Souness' comments earlier in the season. "There’s no problem. They’re paid to say things in front of the camera. I’m just focused on what happens on the pitch," Pogba told RMC Sport back in November. “They can say what they want, they’re paid for that. I’m not paid to speak. I’m paid to be on the pitch and to fight for my team. That’s all.”