After almost ten years on TV, Peaky Blinders will begin its final season this weekend. Season six of the brutalist period drama is due to be an emotional one, with a number of big stories to wrap up, as well as the real-life death of actor Helen McCrory to write through. Beyond season six, however, series creator Knight has confirmed a film will follow. And two of the show's biggest actors will be joining as well. It has long been thought that the end of the series would also bring about the death of Tommy Shelby. The character, played by Cillian Murphy, has been at the forefront of the story since the first episode. Without him, there is no show. Knight has now confirmed Murphy will also be joining the upcoming film. But he hasn't confirmed for how long, and he won't be doing it alone. When asked whether Tommy and Arthur Shelby will be returning in the Peaky Blinders universe, Knight confirmed: "It's impossible to say yet. But the film – yes." (Via Digital Spy) If both Tommy and Arthur are making a comeback to the series in film form, that almost certainly confirms they will not be killed off by the end of this season. However, considering the writer is wont to create daunting flashbacks and hyperrealistic hallucinations within the world, they could always return as ghosts or spectres of themselves. Without daring to give any further detail about the film's plot, Knight continued to drop hints about the casting of the as-of-yet untitled Peaky Blinders spin-off movie. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders boss details Tommy Shelby's 'biggest enemy' Knight said: "We're going to make a film – a feature film – which will move the world on, and then once we've moved the world on into the Second World, we'll see where that takes us. It's now a situation where the world… you know, around the world, the Peaky world, it's got so much energy, and so much following, and such a huge fanbase, that you think: 'Well, let's just carry on.' So we do." The British writer also touched upon casting the film. DON'T MISS...Next Bond: Peaky Blinders star surges past competition [NEWS]Next James Bond: Peaky Blinders actor 'rules himself out' of 007 role [INFO] Knight confirmed he would be looking for actors of a certain background. He said: "There are so many people, so many great actors, that we are already, sort of, in conversation with for the film, and for whatever follows. But I think what we want to do is keep surprising people, and keep breaking new talent. Because it's all out there, and there is a sort of consistency – what we're doing is finding really good actors from a working-class sort of background, and telling that story. That's what we're trying to do." While Knight is looking forward to what comes after Peaky Blinders season six, Murphy is yet to accept it. Murphy recently spoke out about the final season in a rare interview. The Irish actor has appeared in some massive features, including Christopher Nolan's Batman series, Inception, 28 Days Later, etc, but this seems a little different to him. He explained: "It feels like the end of something. It’s strange talking about it. I don’t have a grasp on it yet. Maybe when it’s done I’ll have some perspective." Murphy added: "It’s the end of 10 years of my life; a big adventure with lots of colleagues and people that you became very close to." Peaky Blinders season six hits BBC One on February 27, 2022. The full interview with Steven Knight can be read on the Digital Spy website SOURCE / SOURCE