The monarch, 95, has faced a rocky start to her historic Platinum Jubilee year with a series of royal crises just two months into 2022. And over the weekend it was announced that the Queen had tested positive for Covid. A palace insider told People magazine: "It's a drip-feed of negativity for the monarchy. "I've not known such a tumultuous time as this." However, they added that the Queen "is stoical and mentally strong". Another royal insider said: "It just feels to be one thing after another for the Queen. It's going to take a toll." It comes as the Queen is facing the furore over Prince Andrew's civil sexual assault case. Earlier this month, the Duke of York settled out of court in the lawsuit in the US. Andrew has always strenuously denied Virginia Giuffre's allegations. Prince Charles also faces police questioning over an alleged cash for honours scandal linked to his foundation. READ MORE: Harry royal nightmare to last until book bombshell dropped Meanwhile, Prince Harry is suing the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in the UK. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said: "So far, it's been a year of considerable challenge rather than celebration. "The Queen is noticeably frailer. "Prince Charles is likely to be interviewed as part of a criminal investigation into an alleged cash for honours scandal and Prince Andrew is paying millions of pounds to a woman he says he has no recollection of ever meeting. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: 'Same bond!' Frenzy erupts as Harry's secret expose [LIVE BLOG]Queen's 'curtailed' physical activity has impact on monarch [INSIGHT]Queen tipped to bounce back from Covid 'Tough as nails' [VIDEO] "These are problems for the monarchy that won't just disappear overnight." Further royal drama looks likely for the rest of the year with the Duke of Sussex set to release his tell-all memoir. There are fears Harry will delve further into his troubled relationship with his father, write about his rift with brother Prince William, deliver his thoughts on stepmother Camilla or even name the royal he and Meghan Markle accused of making racist remarks about their son. Celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee are set for June, with the nation set to honour the monarch on a special four-day bank holiday weekend.