Wolf Like Me originally premiered last month when it came out on the American streaming service Peacock. Now, Amazon Prime Video subscribers in the UK can also enjoy the drama which sees a dad and widower fall in love with a mystery woman after a car crash. Here are all of the details on who stars in Wolf Like Me. Garry and his daughter Emma have lost their bond after her mum died and are struggling to reconnect. But following a car accident, they meet a woman who starts to help bring them closer together. Leading the cast as widower Garry is actor Josh Gad who is famously the voice of Olaf in the Disney movie Frozen. He was also LeFou in the live remake of Beauty and the Beast and Muncher in Ghostbusters: Afterlife. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? Just as the accident takes place, Mary is on the scene to help Garry's daughter Emma who is having a panic attack. She manages to calm her down and this meeting leads to her falling head over heels for Garry but a secret is holding her back from having a future with this new family. Actress Isla Fisher launched her acting career in 1994 when she starred in Home and Away. Nowadays, she's better known for films such as Confessions of a Shopaholic, Now You See Me and Wedding Crashers. Emma is Garry's daughter who hasn't been coping since the death of her mum. Meeting Mary though changes her life for the better as she begins to open up again. Wolf Life Me is young actress Ariel Donoghue's biggest role to date so far. She has had a few minor roles before this in High Life, Crossing Paths and a couple of shorts. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]James Bond: Where to watch No Time To Die this weekend [FILM]How many episodes are in The Marvelous Mrs Maisel season 4? [EXPLAINER] Sarah is Garry's sister-in-law from his marriage with Emma's mum who is incredibly supportive. She takes care of Emma whenever Garry needs a helping hand as she wants to remain close to what she has left of her sister. Actress Emma Lung has been in numerous films over the years, including The Extreme Team, Peaches, Stranded, The Jammed, The Gates of Hell, Crush and The Boys are Back. In recent years, Lung has been focusing more on TV series, starring in Wonderland as Colette Riger for two years. Wolf Like Me is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.