Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace tried to send four contestants home on Friday's episode of The Chase to stop them from winning a cash prize. The 61-year-old old Chaser had to go head-to-head with Toni, Harv, Seona and Matt who all wanted to make it through to the final. However, just minutes into the episode ITV viewers were left worried about Shaun's health.  Shaun, who has been on The Chase since 2009, was welcomed onto Friday's show by host Bradley Walsh. The first contestant he had to face was Toni following her impressive cash builder round where she raised £6,000. She opted to play against Shaun in the next round for £6,000 and was confident she would be able to make it through to the final without being caught. However, when Shaun sat down to introduce himself to Toni, Bradley was left stunned by the tone of his voice.  READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!'1570958 The 61-year-old ITV host said: "What's the matter with your voice have you got a cold or something?" He wondered if Shaun was unwell as his voice was particularly deep and slightly croaky. The Chaser shrugged off Bradley's remarks and continued with the episode, but fans took to Twitter to comment on his health. An alarmed Victoria said: "Hopefully it’s a cold Shaun’s got because I thought I had a cold and tested positive for Covid. "Someone get Shaun some Vicks #thechase."  @Alan_Mackie remarked: "Shaun sounds a bit congested #thechase." Michael Marshall, who also thought Shaun sounded poorly, said: "#thechase Shaun's got a cold bless him." @Bringjeremy said: "Shaun has a husky voice today, the croaky cueball #TheChase." Michael MM added: "Shaun plays better when he's ill.. #TheChase."  DON'T MISS...Jenny Ryan alluded to ‘boyfriend’ before private life silence [LATEST]The Chase's Mark Labbett blasts Bradley Walsh over blunder [UPDATE] The Chase viewers baffled by ITV contestants 'Is this a joke?' [REACTION] Later on, when Harv was going up against the Chaser for £8,000, Bradley made another remark about Shaun's "deep" voice which he joked would be great for voiceovers. Bradley quipped: "You have got to do voiceovers for movies now." Shaun smiled and said in an American accent: "And now Bradley Walsh, stars in ITV's The Chase." In the end, Toni, Harv and Matt all made it through to the final and they were playing for a total of £21,000.  Unfortunately, Seona, who was playing for £4,000, was the only player to be sent home before the final. Despite the final three players' best efforts, they were caught by Shaun and had to leave the show empty-handed. Following their defeat, Shaun said: "This was a great match and they were probably one of the best teams I have beaten. I guess it was just another day in the office for me." The Chase continues weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 