Russian anti-war protestor Marijka has joined Good Morning Britain from Moscow to discuss the Kremlin's crackdown on demonstrations against the invasion of Ukraine. She warned that people in Russia "are really, really scared" of arrest and imprisonment for attending a protest. Marijka told GMB: "I think if we have, like legal protest, it will have an opportunity to protest in the streets. "I am sure that much more people like we see in other cities see in the world. "They, they would come to the streets, but we just can't. "I mean, people are really, really scared. That's why just young people, they're going to protest because they're still young. They don't have like families. I don't know. Credits and etc." She added: "I mean they are very nervous and they're very very severe in streets and with people who have been detained. "But I'm waiting that soon in next few days they will start being more active to repress Russian anti-war protests but it's already I mean I have a bar in Moscow and so we are saying that we against war and they're ready threatening spaces in Moscow who against war and they're threatening them to close and actually one Cafe already decided to be closed for today to decide what to d. "Because they can be against war, but they also can't work because otherwise the Moscow City Government will come and close them down because of their view. "And so I also I mean, I have a bar were still very active in anti-war protest but I think that soon they will come to my space also ad so I think is going to be much more severe in few days here in Moscow."  Police detained more than 2,000 people at anti-war protests held in 48 cities across Russia on Sunday, a protest monitoring group said, "More than 5,500 people have been detained at various anti-war protests since the invasion began last Thursday, according to the OVD-Info monitor, which has documented crackdowns on Russia's opposition for years. In Moscow, riot police often outnumbered protesters, some of whom carried hand-written placards with peace signs and anti-war slogans in Russian and Ukrainian. Some wore masks with the word "Enough" emblazoned in the front. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] Sunday's protests coincided with the seventh anniversary of the murder of opposition politician Boris Nemtsov. In Moscow some of the arrests took place at an improvised memorial just outside the Kremlin at the site where Nemtsov was shot, a Reuters witness said. "No to war!" shouted one of the demonstrators as he was being dragged away by the police. Nemtsov was a prominent critic of President Vladimir Putin, Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014 and Moscow's support for pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine, which ultimately led to what Putin labels a "special operation" to protect the two separatist regions although his troops are fighting in wider Ukraine. Ukraine's Western allies have slapped unprecedented sanctions in response to Russia's land, sea and air invasion.