Waiting lists may keep rising for two years and ministers are in no doubt about the urgency of restoring the health service to normality. Boris Johnson has pledged to “bust the Covid backlogs” and Health Secretary Sajid Javid has promised the nation will unite around “a new national mission to fight what the virus has brought with it”. These ambitious politicians understand that the state of the NHS will be one of the most important issues when voters go to the polls. The enormity of the challenge shows why the Government decided it was necessary to increase National Insurance to ensure people do not face agonising delays for treatment. The financial firepower is in place, with £2billion coming from the “elective recovery fund” this year and £8billion across the next three years. A healthy society depends on a partnership between the population and providers of treatment. More than ever, it is vital people get the advice and opportunities they need so that avoidable life-limiting conditions can be kept at bay and families in all communities can flourish. Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove has a passion for delivering epic projects and the task of lifting the prosperity of left-behind communities will be a defining challenge of his career. He told northern politicians and business leaders everyone is “on the same team”. Each area will be better off if the awful inequalities in income and life expectancy that divide rich and poor regions narrow. At a time when many civil servants are not rushing back to their desks in Whitehall, highly skilled men and women far beyond London would jump at the chance to take on these well-paid positions. The digital revolution must be harnessed to unlock opportunities for all ‑ and we hope Mr Gove lives up to his reputation as a champion of radical change. It is terrific that today’s pensioners shine with youthful energy. A study found older people typically feel 12 years younger than their actual age ‑ and old age is only thought to start when we turn 76. Older citizens make a huge contribution to society. Many stay in employment, while others take on a constellation of volunteering roles, and legions of grandparents provide invaluable childcare. Everyone is better off if these brilliant men and women have a particularly vibrant spring in their step. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea