The Duchess of Cambridge grew up with her sister Pippa and her brother Jack and notoriously had a close-knit relationship as a trio and as a family unit with their parents. The close family reportedly had dinners together every weeknight and the two sisters developed an unbreakable bond from day one.  In 2014, Pippa spoke to Today and spoke of her closeness with her sister: “We’re very close and, you know, we support each other and get each other’s opinions and things.” Both sisters went to the same Brownie group at St. Andrews and the same school where they both took up the same hobbies of piano, flute, and sports. In her book ‘Kate: The Future Queen’ Katie Nicholls spoke to Pippa and Kate’s former sports coach who said: “They had such drive and were very competitive, particularly Pippa.” The coach added that “they were very much a team” instead of being pitted against each other.   Pippa and Kate then attended Marlborough boarding college and even when Kate left to go to St Andrews where she met Prince William, the sisters reportedly spoke to each other at least once a day. Pippa told Matt Lauer at Today the sisters “spend a lot of time together”. She continued: “We still do a lot together as a family. “I think that’s really the heart for all of us is having a really close family that we can sort of be normal with each other, treat each other normally and that’s sort of kept us all, you know, affixed to the ground.” READ MORE:Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance Experts believe that this close bond was honoured through a loving gesture by Kate after Princess Charlotte was born on May 2, 2015 as Pippa’s middle name is Charlotte. Pippa was by her sister’s side as she married Prince William and Kate did the same for Pippa at her wedding to James Matthews in 2017. Pippa Middleton welcomed her second baby in March and repaid the honour to Kate in naming her daughter Grace Elizabeth Jane after Kate’s full name Catherine Elizabeth Middleton. With her first child, Pippa Middleton followed in Kate’s footsteps by giving birth in the Lindo Wing of St Mary’s Hospital where many royals including Kate welcomed their children. DON'T MISS:David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' (REVEAL)Russia missile warning as RAF fears UK's warning systems thwarted (INSIGHT)Camilla's 'loyalty' for Charles - 'coaxing her into the spotlight' (ANALYSIS)  It is particularly common within the Firm for parents to name their children after other beloved family member to honour them. Princess Eugenie had her first baby in February 2021 with husband Jack Brooksbank and honoured her grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh, who passed away a few months later, by naming her son August Philip Hawke Brooksbank. This was followed by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcoming their second child, a daughter, in June of the same year and honoured two family members close to Prince Harry’s heart. The couple named their daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor after the Queen whose family nickname is Lilibet and after Prince Harry’s late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. 