CBS’ multi-generational procedural drama Blue Bloods is set to return to screens this week after a lengthy mid-season break. However, actress Abigail Hawk who played Detective Abigail Baker will miss the online celebration after she announced a social media break, which sparked some concern among viewers.  Taking to Instagram the actress posted a series of images which consisted of nature and street art alongside a caption which explained her impending departure. It read: “Consider this my ‘away’ message. Be back soon, promise. *Edit to add: All is well! I just need a break from social media. I miss reading books.” Although Abigail stated she was well, fans were still concerned and took to her comment section with well-wishes. User, Weirdoweddings wrote: “Love you praying love surround you and heal you!” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Craddocktroy added: “Hope you are ok, prayers.” Other fans related to the actress, understood the need for a social media break and sent her book recommendations for her time away. Jessie1800x commented: “I understand. I'm thinking of no more social media, it's almost addictive and I'm starting to hate it. Be well. Peace be with you.” Gnome_63 added: “Have a nice rest from social media see you soon.” Baharvey8 wrote: “We understand, but will miss you!!!!” Bluecowgirlup21 shared: “It does take away pleasures that we are more in tune with and should have more often.” Thankfully for her fans, they will get to see more of the actress in action when Blue Bloods’ returns to CBS this week. The show took an extended break after episode 13 titled ‘Cold Comfort’ due to the 2022 Winter Olympics. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]When is Blue Bloods back on CBS? [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods’ Donnie Wahlberg teases new career move [INSIGHT] However, Blue Bloods was one of many shows which were taken off air for the competitive game. This is for viewership reasons, as audiences are more likely to watch the Olympics than tune into a show, especially as it will be available to stream online at another time. A huge drop in viewership could also affect the show’s likelihood of being renewed for another season. Although, this is nothing new for Blue Bloods fans as the same breaks occurred in 2014 and 2018. When the procedural drama returns, fans will finally be able to delve deeper into the professional and personal lives of the family of Irish Catholic coppers. The synopsis for the upcoming episode 14 is entitled Allegiance reads: “Erin's nephew, police officer Joe Hill, becomes aware of witness tampering in a trial. “Baez forces Danny to help her find the killer of her favourite TV personality, Eddie questions her decision to become a police sergeant.” Fans are without a doubt in for an action-packed season, however, on the fate of the Reagan family, CBS are yet to announce whether the series will get renewed for a 13th season. Blue Bloods season 12 returns to CBS in the US on Friday, February 25. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 