The community beacons will be lit by a group of national charities - including Girlguiding, Walking with the Wounded and the National Trust - as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The announcement comes just 100 days before the Jubilee gets underway. More than 1,500 beacons will be lit over the special four-day bank holiday weekend, which will run from June 2 until June 5, celebrating the Queen who will be the first monarch to reach her Platinum Jubilee. The primary beacon is set to be located at Buckingham Palace. As many as 70 beacons will be lit by members of the Girlguiding group, while servicemen and women will beam the celebratory lights on the highest peaks of each of the UK's four nations. Angela Salt, chief guide, Girlguiding, said: "Her Majesty The Queen has a long-standing personal history with Girlguiding and we are very excited to be involved in the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  "The Queen first joined Girlguiding as a Guide in 1937, at 11 years old alongside her sister, Princess Margaret and in 1952, the same year she succeeded to the throne became our patron. "On [June 2] Girlguiding members across the UK and beyond, will come together to celebrate this special occasion lighting 70 Beacons to mark each year The Queen has been on the throne." Other charities such as Rotary International in Great Britain and Ireland and The National Coastwatch Institution have also pledged their support for the monarch. Bruno Peek, Pageantmaster of The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Beacons, said: "As Patron of over 600 charities, The Queen's 70-year reign has been defined by the monarch's generous and humanitarian spirit. READ MORE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed "Just as she has supported so many charities, it's wonderful to see the charities supporting Her Majesty. "By lighting beacons, we will be involving charities, community groups and people all over the country. "The Queen has been a light to the country and the participation of so many charities in the beacons project will be a fitting tribute to her." DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry shoot themselves in foot [INSIGHT]'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can [COMMENT]Queen 'instincts' remark about Vladimir Putin during 2003 visit [ANALYSIS] Senior faith leaders across the country have also encouraged their communities to light beacons during the special four-day affair. As well as the lighting of beacons tradition, Buckingham Palace has revealed the full line-up of plans over the Bank Holiday weekend which includes street parties and a concert at the palace. The lighting of beacons has been used to mark significant royal occasions throughout history and the tradition will continue with the Queen's remarkable royal milestone in June. 