Ronan Keating has been one of the main hosts of The One Show with Alex Jones for more than a year now. The musician fronts the evening talk show on most weekdays alongside fellow star Jemaine Jenas. The pair became the permanent hosts of the show last year, after taking over from Matt Baker. However, in an exclusive chat with Express.co.uk, Ronan admitted he didn’t seek out advice from the former presenter. Speaking at the end of last year, he said when asked if he’d asked for any tips: “No, I haven't seen Matt Baker since God knows. “I haven't seen Matt Baker since the last time I was on the show when Matt was hosting. READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death  “That was a long time ago because the last time I was a guest, it was Alex and Rylan. “So the time before that was probably two or three years ago when I last saw Matt Baker on The One Show. “There was no plan for me to be a host at the time. “So yeah, I think Matt's gone off to do great things.  “He's doing really well but no, I haven't seen Matt in a long time.” Ronan did go on to explain how much he enjoys being part of the show. He added: “I love the team on The One Show. “There's a great bunch of people, all the producers, all the team behind it. DON'T MISS... Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [TWITTER]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [PICTURES]   “It's a wonderful show to be part of. The nation loves it! “It’s an honour to be part of it.” Elsewhere, Ronan made headlines earlier this week as he performed in Buckingham Palace. He and his co-host Alex presented the special show to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee on Wednesday.  They sat in the Blue Drawing Room as they glammed up for filming. They were joined for chats by chef Monica Galetti and Gyles Brandreth. Ronan also performed his 1999 hit song When You Say Nothing At All in the Music Room. Alex and Ronan will be back on the BBC tonight at 7pm with The One Show. 