Herb gardens are a fantastic addition to your windowsill or garden and can be grown all year round. Even people who do not have gardens or outdoor spaces can take advantage of a little bit of herb greenery. Most herbs are fairly easy to grow, as long as they have the right conditions. Sunlight and soil are among the most important factors in ensuring your herbs flourish. How often your herbs need to be watered depends on what types of herbs you are growing, as well as where you have planted them. Generally, herbs enjoy a regular watering schedule. Though this does vary depending on the species of herb, a good rule of thumb is to water them around once per week. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours In extreme heat, you may want to water them twice a week. Usually, if the first few top inches of soil are dry, then your herb is in need of water. However, they should be given plenty of time for the water to penetrate down to the roots. Watering them early in the morning is most often the best time of day to allow for this. Much like other areas of your garden, herbs can fall victim to weeds. Try to check for any signs of unwanted weeds once a week. Weeds can end up taking much-needed water from your herbs, resulting in dry or wilted plants. A large growth of weeds can also increase the risk of pests. DON'T MISS Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [INSIGHT]Houseplants: The ‘key’ to helping your plants ‘thrive’ [EXPLAINER]Herbs can be grown ‘almost anywhere’ - how to make them flourish [COMMENT] Herb gardens generally don't need much fertiliser, especially if they are growing in rich soil. However, GardeningKnowHow recommends using "a simple liquid fertiliser" during the growing season. Just one shot of fertiliser should keep your herbs happy. Typically, you should aim to prune your herb garden once a month. This is especially true during the growing season. Keeping your herbs well-pruned can also stop them from going to seed. Pruning is essential for leafier herbs, such as basil, which can die quickly after blossoming. When pruning these plants it is a good idea to cut them at the point the leaf meets the stem. For woodier herbs, as soon as you notice new growth, pinch some of the leaves back. This will stop them from becoming too woody, which will limit new growth in the long run. According to experts from Urban Cultivator, the best way to prune the leaves is by starting "at the top, not the bottom". Proper pruning can help your plant to flourish over time. The exact time to harvest your herbs very much depends on its species. According to the Royal Horticultural Society: "Some herbs and salads such as coriander, wild rocket and cress may be ready to harvest within a few days of sowing, while others may take a few weeks. "They can be picked easily by pinching out or cut before flowering to promote bushy growth."