Love Is Blind is the ultimate romance show for those wanting to fall in love with someone's personality and voice first rather than going for looks. With season two of the show about to wrap, the show's creator has revealed what happens in the pods when the cameras stop filming. The dating show burst onto the scenes in 2020 and soon became a Netflix hit. In the current season, 30 men and 30 women have left their love life in the hands of the show as they take speed dating to the extreme. The daters each have their own pod that is connected to a potential romantic candidate's capsule. The catch is they can't see each other, they just have to sit on the couch and talk to one another. Read More:When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner Aaron Dean? In true speed dating style initially, each connection has eight to ten minutes to talk to each other before moving on to the next person. Show creator Chris Coelen has revealed, however: "One of the things I was amazed by was that they didn't want to leave the pods, ever." Talking to Entertainment Tonight, he added: "They just wanted to be in the pods and spend as much time as they possibly could in there because they took it seriously and were truly falling for people. I think they were having fun doing it." Each episode averages around one hour of air time give or take some episodes, meaning hours of unseen footage just ends up on the cutting room floor. "We, of course, had to take them out of the pods to go to the bathroom, or to do an interview, eat or sleep," he continued. "Sometimes people would even fall asleep in the pods, and we'd just let them." Now knowing that a lot more goes on in the pods than initially thought, fans will be delighted to find out that there have been some Love Is Blind proposals. Talking to the Metro, he admitted: "There were actually two other couples that you don't see on the show; two other couples got engaged. DON’T MISS… NCIS Sydney cast: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?[LATEST] ‘Thought I would die’ Y 1883’s Sam Elliott feared for his life in harsh filming conditions[LATEST]Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST] "Once again, as much as we would love to follow eight engagements, which there were, we just don't have the bandwidth to do that." The show is hosted by American sweethearts Nick and Vanessa Lachey. Popstar Nick is no stranger to a romantic reality show, having starred alongside ex-wife Jessica Simpson in Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica. The show's official Twitter account has been keeping viewers at bay, releasing little bite size chunks of information before the concluding episode.