E10 was originally introduced in September 2021 as a more environmentally friendly petrol, as the Government concentrates on their aims of achieving net zero emissions by 2050. Despite its introduction onto forecourts, many drivers have reported seeing issues with their fuel economy dropping, in some cases quite significantly. One Express.co.uk reader, ElwoodFitton, claimed: “The Government ran a consultancy, it sided with the petrol stations, and decided to operate E5 as premium grade ONLY. “This is in contrast to every other country that implemented it. “They still offer the E5 standard grade.” Another commenter, Oyea, also highlighted the changes, saying many garages had raised the prices of E5 petrol. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers They said: “A lot of garages are only selling their high octane version of E5 petrol whereas most cars only need 95 octane. “More upselling and profit.” Latest data from RAC Fuel Watch reported that the latest average price of unleaded E10 petrol is 151.25p per litre, with prices “likely to rise”. Super unleaded, the new standard grade for E5 petrol, is also likely to rise in price, with average costs reaching 163.71p per litre. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of £1,000 a year to park at work [SHOCKING]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [WARNING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [INSIGHT] These average prices monitor both wholesale and retail fuel prices, with many drivers reporting seeing higher prices at some forecourts. Twitter user Rahim, commented: “Petrol prices are a p*******! “Normally I fill up at Sainsbury's, but had to fuel a little bit at Shell yesterday, and I ended up paying £1.67/litre for Shell v-power. “I refuse to put the E10 fuel in my car as it goes too quickly.” Another Twitter user, Samantha, claimed: “We noticed the E10 goes quickly too; it's like it's watery.” When the fuel was launched, the Department for Transport acknowledged it would have a small impact on fuel economy, although it would be “almost unnoticeable”. It stated that E10 can marginally impact fuel economy, generally around one percent. The DfT said fuel economy would depend far more on other factors such as individual driving style and the weight of the car. Another Express.co.uk reader CristiNeagu said: “People don't seem to understand how this works. “Give the Government an inch and not only will they never, EVER, give it back, but they'll take a mile too. “That's it. It's done. The people have allowed the Government to introduce E10 and they will never back down on this.”