The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November to March each year, supporting households during extreme weather. Last winter season saw 140 triggers across Great Britain, with tens of thousands of households receiving £25.  Households can check if they are due a payment using the online postcode checker offered by Gov.uk. Last winter, there were seven triggers at the Tulloch Bridge weather station, which covers areas like Inverness. Weather stations Braemar and Loch Glascarnoch also had seven triggers. A DWP report shows the number of people eligible for payment in Braemar at the time was 1,000, while it was 2,000 in Tulloch Bridge and 1,000 in Loch Glascarnoch.     An estimated 4,045,00 households were eligible for these payments in 2020 to 2021, with 1,431,000 eligible through claiming Pension Credit. Eligible people have to live in a triggered area to get the payment. Thousands of payments have already been issued by the DWP this winter and there's still just over a month before the 2021/22 scheme ends. Cold Weather Payments are designed to help struggling households cover the costs of heating during extreme temperatures. Cold Weather Payments are triggered when an area is forecast to have or does experience seven consecutive days of freezing temperatures.  This includes zero degrees celsius and below. Some areas have had more than seven days of very cold weather this winter, with the Braemar weather station flagging three triggers, meaning some people got a total of £75 so far this winter. The online postcode checker available via the Gov.uk website shows Britons whether their postcode has experienced any triggers this winter. Usually the payments are automatic but some cases will require Britons to claim it.  Having a child under the age of five living in the household can make certain Britons eligible for the payments. These households must be claiming one of the following benefits to be eligible:  Households that believe they are eligible for the Cold Weather Payments but have not received it can contact the Pension Service or Jobcentre Plus where they receive their usual benefits payments. Households can be eligible for the £25 if they receive one of the following: