Speaking to reporters on Saturday night, the former US President weighed in on the current situation in Ukraine and Russia’s invasion strategy. Opening up on the Ukraine invasion, Mr Trump said: “This should not happen. This should never have happened.”  Ukrainian President Zelenskyy has been praised globally for remaining in Kyiv with his people as Ukraine continues to face one of the worst military attacks in recent memory. A former actor and comedian, Zelenskyy has recorded several live videos where he has been sending out messages to the public of Ukraine. On Friday, he released a sombre video warning EU leaders that “this might be the last time you see me alive” as Russian special forces are hunting him down in a bid to assassinate him. “We are all here,” he told Russia and the rest of the world from Kyiv, “Our military is here. Citizens in society are here. We’re all here defending our independence, our country, and it will stay this way.”  He released a new and defiant video message Saturday night as curfew set in for the Ukrainians in Kyiv, saying “we will fight as long as it takes to liberate the country.” He said: “I am here. We will not lay down any weapons. “We will defend our state, because our weapons are our truth,” he declared, denouncing disinformation claims that he had surrendered or fled. He added: “A lot of fake information has appeared on the internet saying that I allegedly called on our army to lay down its arms and that evacuation is underway.”  READ MORE: Wearing olive green military-style clothing and looking tired but determined, he declared: “Our truth is that this is our land, our country, our children and we will protect all of this.” Reacting to his fierce attitude, Mr Trump called him “brave” and said: “You never know about bravery. “Some people think they are brave and they are not brave and other people don’t think of themselves as very brave and they step up. “You never know until you get tested- and he is being tested at the highest level and so far he is showing great leadership and great bravery.  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry win NAACP awardElon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv Russia’s invasion ‘not going Putin’s way’, says Boris Johnson “They say he was an actor, a comedian, all of that is fine but he is showing a lot of bravery so far. “Hopefully, we won’t need that too much longer because maybe things can end.” In response to a question that Zelenskyy has said that he is Russian President Vladimir Putin’s “target No. 1,” Trump responded, “That’s what he thinks, I believe he does think that, and it’s probably true. But he is showing great bravery.” 