Liverpool star Mohamed Salah can match the achievements of Kenny Dalglish at Anfield if he commits his future to the club, according to Reds fan and former Aston Villa forward Tony Cascarino. Salah has been in sensational form for Liverpool this season, scoring 17 Premier League goals and registering nine assists. But his current contract expires in 18 months' time and he is yet to agree to an extension. Salah has won the Champions League and Premier League so far in his Liverpool career. He netted his 150th goal for the club on his 233rd appearance in Saturday's win over Norwich. The forward became the second-fastest to that milestone in the club's history after Roger Hunt. Salah has long been linked with a move to Spain and in particular Real Madrid and Barcelona. JUST IN: Paul Scholes singles out two Man Utd players in giving credit to 'brave' Rangnick  But Cascarino does not think there is another club where the 29-year-old will flourish as much as he does at Liverpool. And the pundit reckons he can be put alongside Dalglish if he stays and achieves more success on Merseyside. “Mo Salah is at the best club for him, he’s going to play his best football, in my opinion at Anfield,” Cascarino told talkSPORT. “The way the manager plays, the players that he’s got alongside him that make him fundamentally a better player, because Mo is a talent, a huge talent, but I think everything he thinks he can be, and be challenging the likes of King Kenny as one of the greatest players to ever play for Liverpool. DON'T MISSChelsea star warned Thomas Tuchel will move on without him - 'They won't wait' [QUOTES]Man Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win [INTERVIEW]Jack Wilshere's wages at new club compared to Arsenal stars - Xhaka earns 20x more [NEWS]  “That’s how good Mo is. Kenny did it over a longer period and they won a lot of first division titles, so it’s an ask, but Mo can easily achieve that if he stays another three years at Anfield and Liverpool are still challenging and winning." Salah was seventh in the race for the Ballon d'Or last year. Cascarino can see him winning the award on multiple occasions if he stays at Liverpool. He added: “He has to try and win the Ballon d’Or [as well], it’s become a very important trophy because [Cristiano] Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have dominated it.  “Can he go and do two out of the next five years of being the Ballon d’Or winner? I think he can achieve that at Liverpool. “I think he moved elsewhere, lots of clubs haven’t got the infrastructure of what Liverpool’s got for that team to play the way that suits Mo Salah. “With [Luis] Diaz coming in, again you’re looking at forwards that fits into their style, the way they play.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here