Some 80,000 PIP assessment decisions were overturned upon initial review last year, according to figures shared by The Independent. Claimants of PIP who wish to appeal a decision made by the department must first go through the DWP’s internal process, which is known as mandatory reconsideration. Figures obtained from a Freedom of Information (FoI) request have revealed that the rate at which these decisions are being overturned has increased from 22 percent to 43 percent in the last three years. This means that 46,580 of 236,720 PIP decisions were overturned in 2019, while 78,390 of 182,880 have been reversed in the past year. Furthermore, the FOI figures showed that one in five of the 905,870 initial PIP decisions made in 2021/2022 went through the mandatory reconsideration process. On top of this, one in 13 of all initial decisions were overturned by the DWP at this early stage. In figures published by DWP minister Chloe Smith following a parliamentary question, £24.8million of taxpayers’ money went towards mandatory reconsiderations last year. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  In comparison, £19.7million went towards the initial reviews in 2018/19, while £13.7millon was spent back in 2016/17. PIP is a benefit payment designed to assist those with the additional living costs that arise from having a disability. As a result, assessments are required by the DWP to determine how much PIP recipients could be entitled to or whether they need the benefits support at all. PIP claimants have one calendar month from the date on their decision letter to inquire with the DWP about reconsidering.  Appealing the assessment process means an individual’s payment can go up or down. Both components of PIP - the daily living and mobility parts - will be examined during this review, even if the claimant is only unhappy with one of these components. If the decision is not overturned at this point, claimants can appeal the initial assessment at either a tribunal hearing where an independent panel looks at the case or at an upper tribunal if they can prove the first tribunal did not follow the law. James Taylor, disability charity Scope's executive director of strategy, previously said: “These figures show the system is working against disabled people. Yet again, a high proportion of decisions are being overturned. “Behind these huge numbers are the many difficult stories from disabled people and families who’ve had to face months of unbearable stress, fear, and the anxiety of not being believed, in order to access financial support to enable them to live independently. “These wrong decisions throw a person’s life into turmoil. “Having to fight for financial support puts a huge toll on disabled people’s mental and physical health and can plunge families into poverty. “We’ve heard from huge numbers of disabled people who felt their assessors did not understand their condition or how it affects their life. "An assessor with appropriate knowledge will be able to understand the true impact of someone’s condition and how it might fluctuate, as well as giving disabled people confidence they will get a fair assessment and the right decision first time round.” A DWP spokesperson said: “For the majority of PIP claims, we get decisions right and all assessments are carried out by healthcare professionals trained to consider the impact of someone’s health condition or disability, but we are exploring what more we can do so the welfare system better meets the needs of disabled people through our health and disability green paper.”