Borussia Dortmund managing director Hans-Joan Watzke believes Erling Haaland's future will be settled within the next two months. Haaland has been widely tipped to leave BVB this summer once the £64million transfer clause triggers in his contract, with Europe's elite circling. The Athletic report Manchester City have made signing Erling Haaland a priority in the summer transfer window. Pep Guardiola is still searching for a world-class striker to replace Sergio Aguero, despite the club being on track for a maiden treble this season. But ESPN claim Manchester United have exited the running because Haaland's preference is to join Real Madrid. And the La Liga leaders could learn the 21-year-old's plans before the end of the current campaign. JUST IN: Liverpool icon Steve McManaman urges Barcelona starlet to wait Watzke has claimed Haaland's future will 'clear up' in the coming weeks, potentially before late March-early April, and he is uncertain the Norwegian sensation will stay. He told RTL: "I don't know [if Dortmund can keep Haaland]. That will certainly clear up in the next few weeks, maybe a month, maybe six weeks." However, he doesn't seem to be dwelling on the prospect of his star man due to the club's past ability to replace the likes of Robert Lewandowski and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. "If he leaves, we'll handle it the way we've always done it. We'll find someone new again," Watzke added. READ MORE: Man Utd can kickstart next chapter by listening to Van de Beek’s hint Haaland's potential availability has unsurprisingly alerted some of Europe's top clubs, given his path of destruction since joining Dortmund in 2020. The 6ft 3 striker has scored 80 goals and provided 18 assists in 79 games since his arrival from RB Salzburg. Despite Dortmund exiting at the quarter-final stage, he was also the top goalscorer in last season's Champions League campaign with 10. And Florentino Perez is now seemingly eyeing Haaland as one of his next Galacticos ahead of what could be a phenomenal summer in the Spanish capital. Real are expected to sign Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer, even if they pursue a £64m deal for Haaland. And with Paul Pogba's Manchester United contract also expiring in June, he could finally turn years of flirting with a Bernabeu move into reality. Los Blancos are one of his touted suitors and could lure him to the club as part of a midfield revamp in the next few years. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.