Jamie Redknapp pulled no punches while running the rule over Kepa Arrizabalaga's late cameo appearance for Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final defeat to Liverpool on Sunday evening. The Spanish goalkeeper blazed the decisive penalty high over the crossbar to hand the Reds a remarkable shoot-out victory under the Wembley lights after he was introduced as a substitute during the closing stages of extra time. Neither side were able to break the deadlock over 120 minutes of football, with a number of goals being disallowed for various offsides over the course of the match. Kepa was then called into action with just a minute of extra time remaining to replace Edouard Mendy between the sticks for the upcoming shoot-out. However, he failed to save a single spot-kick before firing his own effort into the stands to hand the Carabao Cup to Liverpool for the first time since 2012. Redknapp did not mince his words when quizzed on Kepa's peformance after the full-time whistle as he insisted that goalkeepers should not be introduced from the bench on cold legs to take part in penalty shoot-outs. The former Liverpool skipper also criticised Kepa's attitude during his brief stint in goal before ridiculing his wasteful effort that ultimately gave the trophy to the Reds. JUST IN: Ex-Man Utd star Owen Hargreaves hits out at Ralf Rangnick view "I hope it puts to bed the idea of bringing on goalkeepers on for shoot-outs," Redknapp told Sky Sports in the immediate aftermath of proceedings at Wembley. "Mendy's one of the world's best goalkeepers, and then you bring on Kepa instead, ridiculous. "I didn't like his behaviour when the penalties were being taken, and then he took one of the worst penalties you'll ever see, I don't understand why you'd do it." Kepa was re-introduced to the Chelsea side at the beginning of the year while Mendy was on international duty with Senegal at the Africa Cup of Nations. He conceded just one goal in three Premier League appearances before handing the gloves back to Mendy upon the latter's return to club action. Redknapp's comments on Kepa and Chelsea were echoed by fellow Sky Sports analyst Gary Neville, who also slammed Thomas Tuchel's decision to replace Mendy ahead of the all-important shoot-out. "I don't like it [bringing goalkeepers on for shoot-outs]," added Neville. "It's not the time to analyse that, it could've paid off. They obviously know Kepa's got an excellent penalty-saving record, but I still don't understand it. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "Mendy's been outstanding and made saves all the way through the game, he's got the atmosphere, the feeling, he's warmed up." Meanwhile, former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher went on to suggest that the Reds could follow up by lifting further silverware over the coming months if they manage to take plenty of inspiration from their latest Carabao Cup triumph. "Liverpool are involved in four trophies, they've won the first one," he said. "It's going to be really tough to win the other ones, but this could be a really special season. Not just for this group, but Liverpool's history as a club. "Getting close to winning three or four trophies, it could be really special, and this could be the start of it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here