Natasha Raskin Sharp is a fan favourite amongst Bargain Hunt viewers with the art specialist having joined the BBC show back in 2013. The expert is also regular on Antiques Road Trip which is where she met husband Joe Sharp. Taking to Twitter last week, the Bargain Hunt star shared a rare insight into her marriage with the producer and director. As well as sharing her expert knowledge on the BBC shows, Natasha presents a weekly music show on BBC Radio Scotland. Last Thursday she tweeted a picture of a room in her house decorated with greenery. She captioned the post: “In our house, my husband takes care of the plants and I take care of the playlists… “My weekly music show on @BBCRadioScot starts at 10pm. Read more: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? “Don’t worry if you leaf if too late, you can catch up later @BBCSounds or by using the link below.” Fans of the Bargain Hunt star shared their excitement at Natasha’s latest music show. Paula Defriez commented: “Great show, I'll be keeping my time free Thursday nights now, even if I have to listen on BBC Sounds.” Anne Cramb tweeted: “Oh wow! Love love love your plants.” Bridie Stearn added: “Ok, I’m sure after seeing this pic the wonderful David Attenborough is filming the Green Planet from your home. Stay safe with this oncoming storm.” “How about a record from sixties band The Flower Pot Men? Or Robert Plant?” Mark Stephen Ormerod joked. Mark Johnstone quipped: “Plants like songs too. The Green Green Grass of Home always goes down well.” Natasha’s husband is a producer and director on Antiques Road Trip. DON'T MISSEastEnders exit as Stacey Slater flees to help Kheerat evade police? [SPOILER]Antiques Roadshow expert unveils value of RAF clock bought for £20 [VIDEO]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker to be replaced by Ralf Little? [INSIGHT] The pair met on the BBC series and got married in 2016 at a small ceremony in Scotland. Joe’s worked on Antiques Road Trip, Celebrity Antiques Road Trip and The Great Hotel Escape on Channel 4. The Bargain Hunt star who also appears on Flog It! is typically tight-lipped about her private life. However, she did share an insight into her marriage in a profile interview with the BBC. When asked how she spends her time away from the show, Natasha confessed to collecting “weird animal trinkets” and “eating out too much” with her husband. She said: ”My partner and I are guilty of eating out too much. "Glasgow has so many great restaurants, too much of my spare time is spent eating delicious food and not enough time is spent working it off in the gym..." Bargain Hunt airs every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.