Dave Benson, a removal van operator from Blackpool, said he was surprised to receive a fine for illegal use of bus lanes, despite his clean licence record. The fine was issued from Bristol City Council, a city he had not visited in more than three years. The images attached to the penalty charge notice showed a white Mercedes-Benz car, rather than his removal truck. Soon after, Dave, 49, had received six different letters, each with its own £30 fine. He emailed Bristol City Council telling them he believed the camera was in the wrong place, catching an “N” when it was actually an “M” on the number plate. However, he claims the council never responded to his email, although the council said this was not the case and believes his licence plate has been copied. READ MORE: ‘Telltale’ road sign to stop you colliding with falling trees Mr Benson explained: "I first started getting these letters around three months ago. “Of course, I was shocked. “Also found it humorous, as any idiot can see it's wrong. "After the fourth one I rang the council - the phone number is impossible to find by the way - and the guy told me I had to reply to each one and basically prove it isn't me! I work 90 to 100 hours a week. DON'T MISSDrivers call for E10 petrol to be scrapped [COMMENT]Record used car prices to continue this year [ANALYSIS]'Really disappointed' driver fined for using wrong parking details [SHOCKING] "The cameras are clearly in the wrong place causing Ms to look like Ns. "I've ever had anything like this before, got a clean licence, not even had a parking ticket for years. “Dealing with Bristol council is like talking to robots. "I'd love to track the white Mercedes down. “We all know right from wrong, this guy obviously doesn't care or is just oblivious and so shouldn't be on the road,” he told The Mirror. A number of drivers have reported receiving fines despite the wrong car being captured on automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) cameras. Richard Gregory-Gibbons was sent nearly 30 letters from Birmingham’s Clean Air Zone, despite having never driven into Birmingham. Another driver, from Devon, was hit with a £60 fine after a car with a similar number plate was clocked in the same CAZ, despite her motorhome being parked 180 miles away. A spokesperson for Bristol City Council commented: “We have reviewed CCTV and the same number plate as Mr. Benson’s van was picked up on a car using a Bristol bus lane. “Therefore, it is possible the number plate has been cloned, which Mr. Benson should report to police. "We are cancelling all the fines that were issued to Mr. Benson.” Express.co.uk have contacted Bristol City Council for further comment.