It underlines the fact that while the Prime Minister was right to say “sorry” in the Commons this week – and both he and his team should be handed hefty fines for breaking lockdown rules, as any of us would be – there are more urgent matters to attend to. Rampant inflation, rocketing fuel bills and armies poised for war in Eastern Europe demand attention and action. Yet MPs are baying for blood over drinks parties and birthday cakes. It is all too clear what is happening. An unholy alliance of disgruntled civil servants, Dominic Cummings, the Left-leaning media and Remainer politicians of all sides sense a weakness in the so-far untouchable Tory leader and want to hammer away at it until he caves in. With Boris gone, Labour thinks it stands a much better chance of winning back lost working class seats and EU diehard fanatics fantasise about reversing Brexit. Without doubt, the  double-standards shown by Johnson and his implicated colleagues deserve condemnation. Tory MP Aaron Bell made the most poignant intervention on Monday, telling the Commons how he abided by strict lockdown restrictions during his grandmother’s funeral. “I didn’t hug my siblings, I didn’t hug my parents, I gave the eulogy and then afterwards I didn’t even go to her house for a cup of tea,” he told MPs. “Does the Prime Minister think I’m a fool?” Johnson rightly slumped in response to this touching, well-aimed question. We all feel angry at the sacrifices made by our families to uphold Covid restrictions imposed on us by a panicking Government, only to hear that civil servants and politicians wilfully ignored them, giggling over drinks and thinking they didn’t apply to them. There is more than a whiff of ancient regime arrogance about the PM and his consort, caring more about elitist green issues than the daily troubles of hardworking families. And yet, Boris is the most charismatic and successful Conservative leader since Margaret Thatcher, with an unrivalled ability to reach out to parts of the country Tories can’t normally touch. Having won Brexit, banished Jeremy Corbyn and delivered an 80-seat majority, you don’t easily offload such a vote-winning machine. We really don’t want another Theresa May, a supposedly safe pair of hands who gave us three years of dither and delay. US voters ditched Trump and got the hopeless Biden. The self-righteous voices calling most loudly for his departure are those who can never forgive him for Brexit and hope their agendas will be better served by his going. If we think things are bad now, Labour has given us no indication they would be any better. Boris is deservedly on the ropes but needs to fight back by engaging more immediately with the concerns of the public. We must start seeing the prizes of Brexit – not just the slashing of red tape in the Benefits of Brexit policy document this week. We need to take back control of our borders – halting the endless flow of mainly false asylum seekers across the Channel. We need to see taxes cut to stimulate our economy – giving us the skilled jobs needed to truly level up the country. We must reduce the needless national self-harm of Net-Zero – making the UK more energy secure with lower bills. These are the big issues that deserve the undivided attention of the PM and his Cabinet. If Boris can emerge chastened from Partygate with renewed focus on what voters really care about, then he will deserve a second chance. If he learns nothing and carries on like the naughty school boy he most resembles, his electoral value will be much diminished. There are three months until the local elections on May 5 when voters can give their judgment on his performance so far. Vitally, Boris must reach out beyond the noisy Westminster hordes calling for his resignation and do what he does best, addressing the nation with a mixture of patriotism, optimism and practical ambition. Give us what he promised in 2019 and illicit parties will be forgotten if not forgiven. Fail to deliver and he will be cast aside as all talk and no action. If the current succession of scandals achieves anything, it will hopefully get Boris back on track, focussing on what really matters to us all.