Emmerdale star Chelsea Halfpenny has taken to social media to make a plea for information after her grandfather was knocked down by a driver who fled the scene.  Chelsea, who played Amy Wyatt in the ITV soap, branded the culprit “scum”. Her 85-year-old grandad suffered serious injuries when he was hit by a vehicle in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, on Friday night. According to The Sun, he was rushed to hospital where he remains in a critical condition. Chelsea has begged anyone who has information to “do the right thing” and come forward. Eyewitnesses have claimed they saw around four young men return to the scene to pick up debris. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Appealing to those four men, Chelsea took to Facebook and made an emotional statement. "There are four lads who all have mams, dads, aunties, uncles, and friends so there are a lot of people in a very small area that have information on what happened last night,” wrote the 30-year-old actress. "Do the right thing. You have left somebody in a critical condition. You will be found,” she continued. "Group of 18/19 year-olds, one with fair hair, who came back to where the 85-year-old victim was lay bleeding and picked up the pieces of their damaged car and drove away.” She added: “Scum of this earth." The police are treating the incident as a suspected hit and run, and say they believe the victim was crossing the road when he was hit. Officers have issued a description of the car they are looking for, which is a silver or grey Mercedes last seen on Staneway. Northumbria Police’s Sgt Michael Parnaby said: “This incident has left an elderly man in a critical condition and it is imperative we find out exactly what happened. DONT' MISS...'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton at SAGs (VIDEO) Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards (LATEST)Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit (UPDATE) “I would like to thank everyone who has come forward and offered their assistance to the investigation so far, but our enquiries to trace the driver remain ongoing which is why we have released further details today.” He continued: “We believe the car in question was a silver or grey Mercedes, which left Woodburn after the incident, and was last seen on Staneway. “We’re asking anyone who was in the area, or anyone who thinks they may know the driver, or saw a similar vehicle in the local area, to get in touch with us as soon as possible.” Chelsea has starred in Emmerdale since 2010, and also plays Alicia Munroe in Casualty. She also played the role of Jenna Hunterson in the 2022 UK Tour of Waitress. Her aunt is fellow Casualty actress Jill Halfpenny. Anyone with information can call 101, use the Tell us Something page online or email 2367@northumbria.pnn.police.uk quoting log NP-20220225-0977.