British tourists with holidays booked in Europe are likely to face a huge increase in car rental costs. Prices have rocketed this year. According to consumer group Which?, the average cost of hiring a car abroad has risen by 125 percent. A week’s rental that cost £99 before Covid has now risen to a whopping £233 according to the group’s research. Experts have warned that prices are likely to soar even higher during 2022 as more Britons travel. British tourists with Easter holiday bookings will likely pay up to 50 percent more than they would have done before the pandemic. READ MORE: Where is hot in June - top five destinations for an early summer break Which? research shows that the highest weekly rate for car rental last August was £968 for a VW Polo in Iceland. Just two years earlier, the same car in Iceland cost just £300 for a week’s rental in August. Meanwhile in Zadar, Croatia, an Opel Vauxhall Corsa cost £949 for 10 days rental last August. In 2019, the average cost for the same car was under £250. Zestcarrental.com said that in 2019 one in 20 customers paid over £500. However, last year more than a quarter of rental car customers paid £500 or more for a vehicle. Which? travel editor Rory Boland told The Sunday Mirror: “Holidaymakers can avoid any extra increases by booking their hire car at the same time as they book their holiday. “They should try to use a trusted provider and avoid firms that require ‘payment on arrival’. “If a company is offering rates that look too good to be true, they probably are.” The increase in price is thought to be due to issues with stock and manufacturing across Europe. Due to the pandemic, many rental car firms have been unable to replace fleets which has driven up prices. British tourists heading for a holiday in the Balearic islands are likely to face a huge price increase for rental cars. Some local residents have welcomed the price rise as they believe it will decrease congestion. As tourists arrive in the summer months, the islands’ infrastructure can struggle to cope with the increase in people. According to zestcarrental.com the price of renting a car in Portugal had risen by £144 on average. Prices had risen by £195 per rental in France while tourists in Cyprus would be hit by an increase of £135. The increase in price comes as many British families are hit by soaring energy bills and a cost of living crisis in the UK. In better news for British holidaymakers, double vaccinated travellers will no longer have to fork out for expensive tests after arriving in the UK after the rule was scrapped last week.