Denise Welch, 63, has been left heartbroken after her close friend and Loose Women co-star Brenda Edwards' son' Jamal Edwards, died aged 31. Reports emerged this evening that the author, who was awarded an MBE in the New Years Honours list in 2014 for his work in music and his business, died unexpectedly, according to his friends. After the news broke, Denise shared to Twitter her condolences: "My heart aches for my friend Brenda. "I can’t bear it. Jamal Edwards was a wonderful son and brother." The young entrepreneur was best-known as the founder of film production company, SB.TV, as well as his work as an author, director and DJ. READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation Circumstances surrounding his death have not been revealed at this point. His friends and fans have rushed to pay tribute to the 31-year-old, with TV producer Alhan Gencay penning: "Fly high brother. Thank you for everything." Businessman Frank Khalid wrote: "I’m absolutely heartbroken of the news that my friend Jamal Edwards has passed away. Just spoke with him a few days ago." YouTuber Adam McKola commented: "A true pioneer. Such sad news. Rest in peace Jamal." ITV reporter Jam Williams-Thomas added: "This man did so much for grime and UK music. "I grew up watching SBTV to see all the underrepresented artists of the scene. His grind is unmatched. "A real inspiration and a huge, huge loss to the industry." DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] Only three days ago, Jamal posted a happy birthday message on Instagram in honour of hitmaker Ed Sheeran. He wrote alongside the throwback photo of the pair: "Happy Birthday to the OG, Ed. Blessed to have you in my life brother. You know you've been mates a long time when you lose count on the years! "Keep smashing it & inspiring us all G!" he penned in the birthday tribute." Earlier this month he attended the BRIT awards, and was pictured on the red carpet posing for the cameras.