Princess Diana's niece, the influencer, model and socialite Lady Kitty Spencer, married Michael Lewis, who is 32 years older. The South African millionaire proposed to Kitty with a diamond ring estimated to be worth £300,000. Lady Kitty was seen wearing a stunning diamond ring in St Tropez in 2019 after Lewis had proposed. Jewellery expert Oliver Horner from Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Paw, said the "gorgeous full hoop diamond full band engagement ring is of extremely high quality". He explained: “The full band is set with large emerald-cut diamonds, each stone looks to be approximately one and a half carats and I would estimate the total diamond weight of the ring to be between 25 and 30 carats. “Judging from the image the diamonds look to be of exceptional quality and I estimate a clarity grade to be between flawless and VVS1 and to be of D to F colour which is the very best. READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group “I believe a ring of this exceptional quality would have cost between £200,000 and £300,000, maybe even more given the provenance of such a piece.” In July 2021, Lady Kitty Spencer and Michael Lewis tied the knot in a glamorous ceremony in Italy. The royal wore five different dresses and was seen donning the stunning engagement ring. In one photo caption, they revealed that the "platinum handcrafted ring" featured "a large emerald diamond surrounded by French cut rubies with diamond baguette accents".  Kitty Spencer said after her gorgeous wedding day: "The proudest moment of my life, without a doubt, was having my brothers walk me down the aisle. "Thank you to our family and friends for the most unforgettable weekend filled with more love and laughter and happiness than I have ever known." The millionaire reportedly proposed to Kitty just before the festivities in 2019. "Michael proposed to Kitty before Christmas. She’s been in Cape Town for the holidays and told her mother and the rest of the family. "Michael is loved by all of them. Despite his wealth, he’s very humble and low key," one of her friends told the Daily Mail. Kitty Spencer's ring, however, is very different to the one her late aunt, Princess Diana of Wales, chose. Creative Director of diamond expert Steven Stone, Maxwell Stone, explained: "Princess Diana's engagement ring is undoubtedly one of the most famous pieces of jewellery in the world. "The stunning ring features a 12ct Ceylon sapphire, surrounded by 14 halo diamonds." He continued: "It is believed to have sparked controversy within the Royal Family, as it broke royal tradition. "The ring was featured in Garrard's jewellery catalogue, meaning anyone could purchase Diana's engagement ring (for £47,000)." However, many experts consider the jewel "priceless" after it belonged to the Princess of Wales and later to the Duchess of Cambridge.