Moscow's assault on Kyiv on Thursday, which signalled the shift from diplomatic crisis to full-scale military conflict, sent shockwaves through the world. As the West reacts to Vladimir Putin's attack with sweeping packages of sanctions, Russia still has something to use against "whoever tries to hinder" the Kremlin's plans – and that is, as the world's number-three oil and gas producer, its ability to difficult nations' fuel supply. Amid reports of busier than usual petrol forecourts around London, Hull, Winchester and Cheltenham, Britons called on fellow drivers to fill up their vehicles sensibility. One Twitter user naming themselves LoobyLou wrote: "Why are people's reactions to crisis to panic buy? "Petrol again… bloody stop it! "There's no shortage until you create one!" READ MORE: 'UNTOLD DIFFICULTIES' FOR UK AS PETROL & ENERGY BILLS COULD EXPLODE AFTER UKRAINE CRISIS Another one, Nigel, said: "Here we go again. We don't half show people how much we depend on the black stuff. "No wonder it's easy for them to raise prices & hold us to ransom. We should be protesting at the current prices & using less, not giving in to them." And Maneesh Juneja added: "Long queues at every petrol station this lunchtime on the outskirts of London. "I'm guessing many believe the war in Ukraine will increase the cost of petrol significantly, so they are filling up their cars now? "Reminds me of the recent petrol crisis." Last year, motorists concerned about news of empty petrol stations rushed to buy fuel. The root of the cause was a combination of a worldwide shortage of natural gas brought on by the coronavirus pandemic, which saw prices rise, and a major labour shortage. Older lorry drivers — including petrol tanker drivers — were going into pension while younger aspiring truckers' access to the industry was being blocked due to delays in getting licensed because of Covid. Brexit played a role, too, as about 200,000 EU citizens left Britain during the pandemic, joining thousands who went away since the 2016 referendum that eventually made the UK's departure from the bloc a reality. With new limits on migration, hiring people from overseas became a challenge. DON'T MISSFury erupts after Remoaners blame Putin invasion on Brexit [INSIGHT]How the Russia war in Ukraine could affect your money [EXPLAINER]'Danger' petrol and diesel prices will hit £1.60 a litre after invasion [WARNING] Yet, these factors alone did not trigger the shockingly long queues that made global headlines. Fear hugely contributed. On Thursday, the UK's gas prices grew nearly 70 percent. However, the surge was reversed on Friday as figures both at home and in continental Europe dropped more than a fifth. With around 40 percent of the country's gas supply coming from Russia, mainly travelling via a pipeline through Ukraine, the question of the effect Western sanctions on Moscow could have on the cost of living is on everyone's lips. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has previously warned: "One of the risks of Putin's venture is that there could be a spike in... oil prices." But also oil prices, which rose above $105 a barrel for the first time since 2014 on Thursday, fell on Friday – a further sign of relief. The reported queues for petrol come amid tragic developments in Ukraine, with footage of tanks entering the capital Kyiv for the first time on Friday. Overnight, the city was hit by blasts, with at least one block of flats damaged and several civilians injured – all while Russia denies conducting strikes. Responding to the forces' arrival in Kyiv, Ukrainian President Zelenskiy said in a plea for help: "When bombs fall on Kyiv, it happens in Europe, not just in Ukraine. "When missiles kill our people, they kill all Europeans."