On Sunday, The Walking Dead finally made its long-awaited return to AMC after being off the air since October 2021. With season 11 being the final instalment of the series, it has been predicted Rick Grimes (played by Andrew Lincoln) could finally make his highly anticipated return after Negan star Jeffery Dean Morgan dropped a huge hint.  The episode titled 'No Other Way' saw Negan, Maggie (Lauren Cohan) and Elijah (Okea Eme-Akwari) come face to face with gun-wielding reapers. After the battle, the group had agreed to let them go and before anyone could say anything, Maggie changed her mind and killed them all except Leah (Lynn Collins). This stunned Negan, even though he committed a similar murder when he killed the members of Rick's group back in season six. One of which included Maggie's husband Glenn Rhea (Steven Yeun), which was a major reason he hated his guts. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? Even though he pretty much kept his opinion about her split decision to himself, Negan decided to leave the group. This decision came after he witnessed Maggie unleash her rage on Leah and the reapers, which made him realise that the same anger could be taken out on him and he could lose his life. Considering he killed her husband, actor Morgan remarked: "It's not ever gonna be over and I think him leaving is sort of the only way that anyone's gonna find peace." Although he announced he would be parting ways with the Alexandrians, Negan didn't reveal where he would go or where he would be going.  In The Walking Dead comic book series, Negan had gone into isolation after realising he could never truly be part of the Alexandria community. However, in his interview with Insider, Morgan revealed his character would definitely be back. The actor stated: "I can tell you that Negan's gonna walk off and when he reappears, he's gonna have a mysterious friend with him," he hinted. "We will find out more then."  DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead’s Alden star breaks silence on exit [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead season 11: Daryl and Leah romance sealed after tease [THEORY] With this huge clue, fans are convinced Negan could return with Rick Grimes, a fan-favourite who mysteriously disappeared in season nine. Rick's fate was left uncertain after he was mysteriously abducted by helicopter on the fateful day the bridge exploded. It was revealed Jadis (Pollyanna McIntosh) had rescued the injured survivor and took him to safety on board a helicopter, which was marked with the three-circle symbol of the covert Civic Republic. Although he was taken to an unknown location, fans gained some insight into his whereabouts in the season 10 episode titled 'What We Become,' which saw Michonne Hawthorne (Danai Gurira) stumble across Rick's boots.  As his former lover, she quickly recognised them and soon discovered they were originally found on an old, deserted ship. There she found one of the biggest clues to his consciousness, it was an iPhone which had a drawing of Michonne and his daughter Judith Grimes (Cailey Fleming). It also had Rick's name scribbled on top with some Japanese characters and was a piece of technology the CRM had access to. Even though nearly four years have passed since his last appearance and considering this season is the final instalment, it seems likely Negan's "mysterious friend" would be Rick. Fans will have to stay tuned to see if this will be the case and if Michonne will come across any other clues. The Walking Dead season 11B continues every Sunday on AMC in the USA and on Disney+ every Monday in the UK. 