Jeremy Clarkson appeared on Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway on Saturday night. The Geordie duo hosted their programme featuring undercover pranks, surprises galore, star guests and a chance for a member of the audience to win the items advertised in one of last week's commercial breaks. Stephen Mulhern returned for Ant v Dec, Fleur East was ready and waiting to switch on the Takeaway Rainbow and Jeremy was the victim of an undercover prank on his farm. Jeremy is known for his own showbiz bromance, having worked with Richard Hammond and James May on Top Gear and The Grand Tour for years. Starting on the BBC's motoring show, they established themselves as the go-to men for all things engine powered. They later moved on to work with Amazon Prime, taking part in even more ambitious stunts and challenges. In 2016, James admitted that at times he gets "sick to death" with his colleagues on occasion. The Grand Tour star also he and colleagues “get on each other’s t*ts”. And he claimed they never socialise together as they are “very different people”. James said: “We are sick to death with each other by the time we get out of work. We genuinely get on each other’s t*ts.” Asked whether he would be seeing Clarkson over the festive season, he said: “I don’t even know where he is. I think he’s going away somewhere.” And he revealed: “We are very different people. I am not interested in going shooting or to fashionable restaurants. We are work colleagues.” In a 2019 interview, Richard admitted that at times his relationship with James was tested while filming The Grand Tour. He said: “On this latest trip, James just snapped and screamed about the way I was spreading margarine on my toast. "He shouted: ‘I hate the way you do that!’ That was when I knew we’d spent too much time together. READ MORE: Kelvin Fletcher insists he's no copycat of Jeremy Clarkson “When we get together, we know how to push one ­another’s buttons. It’s like marriage, really – and we’ve probably lasted longer than some marriages!” Richard was also keen to set the record straight over two constant taunts from his co-stars. He added: “Despite their jokes, I don’t actually dye my hair and I’m not actually that short. "It’s just that they’re too bloody tall.” Jeremy hasn't let up on his habit of mocking his colleagues Richard and James. Earlier this week, he bragged that his solo show 'Clarkson's Farm' has enjoyed more success than projects led by Richard and James. DON'T MISS James Martin praises Clarkson’s Farm for showing ‘reality of farming’ [INSIGHT] Clarkson's Farm star Kaleb Cooper unrecognisable in throwback snap [ANALYSIS] 'B*****ks from start to finish!' Jeremy Clarkson fumes at BBC report [INSIGHT] The three now have their own ventures with Amazon Prime. Richard with his Richard Hammond’s Big, where he explores the biggest structures and machines across the world, and James' Our Man In Japan series along with his cooking programme. But Jeremy teased that he was the most successful in the solo arena. Writing in his column for The Times, he joked: "Well they took me on and I won, didn't I. I won!"