Victoria Pendleton, 41, is most known for her success at the 2012 London Olympic Games, when she won a gold and a silver medal. The former athlete has recalled exclusively to Express.co.uk when she met the Queen in an awkward encounter as she accepted her CBE. Victoria was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2009. She was then appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2013 for her services to cycling. As a gold medallist at European, World and Olympic level, Pendleton is also a member of the European Cycling Union Hall of Fame. Recalling meeting the Queen, Victoria said: "It was one of the most nerve wracking moments of my entire life. READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death "Normally I’m fine and am chatty but I couldn’t think of anything to say really. "My face ached as I was smiling so much. "It was such a huge honour to be awarded a CBE and be standing face to face with her royal highness." She continued: "It was very very nerve wracking. She is really small but just perfect in every way. "She is just so lovely and so kind and just brilliant. "You go in and get taught where you have to walk, then you take a few steps forward and you have courtesy then you take a few steps backwards before you turn away. "It’s all very choreographed, so you need to worry about your steps and not fall over! "I think my legs were probably shaking a little bit!" DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [INSIGHT] Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [BBC] Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war [OPINION] In her career Victoria won nine world titles, including a record six in the individual sprint, dominating the sport between 2005 and 2012. In 2008 she won the sprint at the Beijing Olympics, and in 2012, she won the gold medal in the Keirin at the London Olympics. She also took home a silver in the sprint. Apart from cycling, Victoria was given the opportunity to compete in a new sport as she trained to be a jockey. In March 2015, Victoria announced her intention to become a jockey with the aim of competing at the Foxhunter Chase at the 2016 Cheltenham Festival the following year. The Olympian was approached by a betting company with the challenge, and being Victoria she was very up for it. Speaking about the transition between sports to Express.co.uk, she said: "Well, I was very lucky to be given the opportunity to try another sport. "It was a bit of an unusual opportunity but I feel very lucky and blessed that someone had that crazy idea to ask me to get involved with horse racing. "As of now I can’t imagine my life without my two retired race horses." Victoria Pendleton is supporting the launch of SlimFast Vitality shakes. Packed with 23 vitamins and minerals and suitable for a vegan lifestyle, new SlimFast Vitality balanced nutrition shakes offer a quick hit of health that also pack a punch in taste. Visit Slimfast.co.uk or @slimfastvitalityuk for more information.