Despite Vladimir Putin saying he’s “open” to a “diplomatic” solution following weeks of tension on the Russia-Ukraine border, Russian troops remain in separatist areas of Ukrainian territory. Ukraine has now urged its citizens living in Russia to leave immediately while the likes of Joe Biden and Boris Johnson have unveiled sanctions against Russia should it continue with its encroachment. Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby put the latest developments to LBC’s Nick Ferrari and journalist Camilla Tominey on Wednesday’s This Morning and the former was quick to explain why he felt President Putin had the opportune moment to act as he has. “I really can’t remember when the West was so weak,” Nick said right away when Phillip and Holly turned for his input. He continued: “We’ve got a politically divided United States of America - you’ve still got half of the Republican voters thinking the election was stolen! “You have a very inward-looking United States (and) you have their calamitous evacuation of Afghanistan.” Continuing his list of reasons, Nick turned his attention closer to home. READ MORE: Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A delight' His rant went on: “You have the European Union, the EU divided. “You have Britain still emerging out of Brexit,” Nick added before then bringing up Angela Merkel’s departure from the role of Chancellor of Germany. “You have a German Chancellor… You had Angela Merkel, remember ‘Mutti’, the woman who’d been in power for generations in Germany, “Very much the power or the broker of Europe, she’s gone, you have a new Chancellor finding his feet.” Nick added: “He might be brilliant, he might not - we simply don’t know yet. “And you have Misseur Macron who at times seems to want to play Napoleon and try put together peace summits and at other times has to deal with peace demonstrations on the streets of Paris and other major French cities.” Delivering his final summation, Ferrari commented: “I think Putin has identified this as a moment of weakness.” Camilla was equally as damning with her verdict on the situation as she weighed in to say Macron has had "rings run around him" by Russia. DON'T MISS:F1 Russian Grand Prix under threat with chiefs 'monitoring' situationAnalyst spots major blunder in Putin's security announcementPutin's next move sparks horror as Xi BACKS Russia Elsewhere on ITV this morning, Good Morning Britain’s Richard Madeley came under fire for drawing persistent compassions between Putin and Adolf Hitler. At one point, the ITV presenter put to Labour MP David Lammy: “We know that Hitler was unbalanced, do you think that Putin is unbalanced now?” “I think it’s very hard for us to make that assessment,” Mr Lammy replied. He did add, however: “But he’s not appearing as a rational actor and it is clear that he’s been very isolated during this pandemic period.  “It also feels like his own advisors, members of the Kremlin are acting more as an echo chamber than as giving him quality, hard and fast, serious assessments of what he faces in the international community.” As it stands, Ukraine has now declared a state of emergency which is set to last 30 days following advice from the country's security council. The military has also called up the first wave of reservists between the ages of 18 to 60 to join the regular armed forces. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.