Fern Britton, 64, quit This Morning in 2009 after a reported feud with co-star Phillip Schofield, 59. Fern seems to have made up with Phil, however, as she appeared on This Morning to take part in congratulating him on 40 years in the TV business. Fern appeared on Lorraine in a pre-recorded clip to congratulate Phillip on his "incredible milestone". She said: "Fourty years is an incredible milestone and it's time for you to stop and look back and see all that you have achieved and be proud of it. "So I'm wishing you a very happy future. Congratulations and keep going." As Fern spoke she had a large smile on her face, to the surprise of many viewers. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death This comes after Fern handed in her notice from This Morning in 2009, half way through her £1.5 million two-year contract. At the time, her friends claimed she felt "undervalued by ITV" and that she was "living in Phil's shadow". There were also claims that she had found out she was being paid £250,000 a year less than her co-host, and reports Phil was earning three times Fern's salary when the duo were presenting Mr and Mrs together. However, Fern denied pay having anything to do with her decision to leave This Morning. "I never discussed with Phillip what he and I were earning," she told the Irish Daily Mail at the time: "I was happy doing the show and happy with my salary." Rumours of a feud between the pair appeared when Fern announced she was leaving the show, but did not mention her co-host specifically. It was further fuelled when Phillip was interviewed four years later and admitted that he and Fern no longer kept in contact. Asked by Heat in 2013 if he still kept in contact with Fern, Phillip replied: "No, not really. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [OPINION] Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy' [STRICTLY] Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle [DEATH] "We were involved in the show and mates at the time, but we weren't really. I see Phil [Fern's then-husband, chef Phil Vickery] when he's in This Morning... But we're not in touch now." Around the same time, Fern told the MailOnline: "I always say Phillip and I had an indefinable chemistry which seemed to work well on-screen. "But, like Morecambe and Wise, we chose not to live in each other’s pockets. "We were a great professional partnership but we never went on holiday together." In the same year, Fern was absent from This Morning's 25th birthday celebrations. In his autobiography, Life Is What You Make It, Phil addressed a furious row he had with Fern which he believes prompted her decision to quit. Phillip said he and Fern had fallen out in a makeup room in 2009 over the content of an episode, and he claimed he was "stunned" when she accused him of "meddling." He said: "I think, for whatever reason, that was the point Fern decided she didn't want to do This Morning any more."