As consumer price inflation skyrockets, so will the cost of the triple lock to the Treasury. Chancellor Rishi Sunak may ultimately decide it is no longer affordable. Its days may now be numbered. The triple lock, introduced in 2010, pledges to increase the State Pension by either earnings, inflation or 2.5 percent, whichever is higher. Sunak has already set a dangerous precedent, by axing the triple lock this year. The reason? Earnings shot up by 8.3 percent in the wake of the pandemic, which the DWP claimed was a "skewed and distorted" figure. This gave the Chancellor the excuse he needed to ignore the earnings element of the triple lock. Effectively, it became a double lock. That manoeuvre saved the Treasury £5.4 billion, while giving pensioners a sub-inflationary pay rise of just 3.1 percent. In real terms, that will give pensioners a real-terms £388 pay cut after inflation. The same could happen next year, too. Except this time, Sunak may axe the inflation element of the triple lock instead. Inflation is set to hit 7.25 percent in April, the Bank of England now predicts. In the US, it is already at 7.5 percent, and still climbing. Inflation could have a lot higher to go here, too. For the purpose of the triple lock, it's the September inflation figure that counts. If consumer price growth remains high that month, then subsequently falls back, the Treasury may have the excuse it is looking for. It could easily claim the September figure was "skewed and distorted" by a one-off, post-pandemic surge in energy prices and raw material costs. Then the axe will fall. READ MORE: New warning on Sunak's inheritance tax grab – even MORE to pay hate... However, Sunak may decide the political cost of scrapping the triple lock for a second-year running is simply too high. This is a man who would like to be Prime Minister, remember, and who became popular for dishing up billions of Covid support during the first lockdown. He won't be so popular now he's snatching it back. There is another scenario, where inflation falls back in September, as the Bank of England claims it will. The BoE is probably the world’s worst financial forecaster, but it could happen. That also plays badly for pensioners, because it will mean next year’s State Pension increase will not reflect today's cost of living nightmare. Either way, the triple lock pledge is in dire straits. I'm not sure it will survive. DON'T MISS:Fury as big banks abandon savers - 'get 70 times more interest' [INSIGHT]New inheritance tax danger - HMRC charged IHT on assets worth NOTHING [REVEAL]Premium Bonds £1m jackpot slashed in HALF – silent killer hits savings [ANALYSIS] The Conservative Party has promised to maintain the triple lock until 2024, but what happens after that is anybody's guess. The State Pension already costs the Treasury more than £100 billion a year, around 12 percent of total public spending, and the burden will grow as the population ages. The Treasury has had the triple lock in its sights for years. It may never get a better opportunity to claim it is unsustainable and scale it back. Axing the triple lock would be a disaster for pensioners, helping their retirement incomes play catch up after years of falling behind. Sunak's move to scrap it this year has set a dangerous precedent. Once a pledge has been broken once, it is no longer a pledge. It's more like an aspiration. Or guidance. Or a nice idea. One that now seems increasingly unlikely to survive.