Baroness Brady, 52, has expressed her admiration for Foreign Secretary Liz Truss following last week’s meeting with Russia’s ambassador. During the summit last Thursday, the politician read the Russian envoy the riot act after Moscow ordered troops into Ukraine. She purportedly concluded the meeting early and ordered the diplomat to leave the building. A Foreign Office source said: "It was a heated meeting. "Liz Truss kicked him out early. "Said he should be ashamed of himself, that Russia has lied repeatedly and lost its last shred of credibility with the international community." Karren openly expressed her admiration for the Foreign Secretary in a new column for The Sun. The Apprentice star wrote: “You’ve got to admire Foreign Secretary Liz Truss for her chutzpah. “She berated Moscow’s ambassador to the UK, telling him the invasion of Ukraine has made Russia an ‘international pariah’, and she accused the country that he represents of having ‘repeatedly lied’. “Ms Truss allegedly showed Andrei Kelin the door at what was characterised by a Foreign Office source as a 'very grumpy meeting', as Kelin repeated Vladimir Putin’s lies.” Karren concluded: “ All I can say is, good on you Liz. I so like this woman.” The Foreign Secretary has vowed to stand up for Ukraine and to "hold the Russian government to account". She said: “We are urgently convening discussions with our allies and partners to co-ordinate our response. “Together we will hold the Russian government to account. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [NEWS]David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' [LATEST] "We have always been clear there would be massive consequences and a severe cost for any Russian military incursion into Ukraine. "As a result of their actions, we will today launch an unprecedented package of further sanctions that we have developed with our international partners.” A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "The Foreign Secretary said the Russian government had repeatedly lied about having no plans to invade Ukraine, and its unprovoked aggression had made it an international pariah. "She condemned Russia’s outrageous attack on Ukraine as a clear breach of international law." On the other hand, Karren has denounced sporting boycotts against Russia over the invasion of Ukraine, calling them a “hopeless gesture”. Football authorities announced last week that they would be boycotting the Russian city of St Petersburg for the Champions League final. After facing mounting pressure to act on the ongoing crisis, Uefa confirmed on Friday that the Champions League final will be played at the Stade de France in Paris instead of in the Russian city of St Petersburg. Karren wrote in her column for the aforementioned news outlet: “One cannon snort from a Russian tank and hitting back with the boycott of a football venue looked like what it eventually became, a hopeless gesture. “Despots of the Vladimir Putin kind aren’t going to be put off by the equivalent of smacked legs, the history of failed sports boycotts has repeatedly informed us.”