ITV News Correspondent Dan Rivers spoke with a Ukrainian soldier claiming that some Russian soldiers who did not want to fight in the war were stealing cars off civilians in Ukraine in order to escape. There have been multiple reports online suggesting Russian soldiers have been stepping down from fighting since the start of the conflict last week. Mr Rivers exposed how much Russian troops were struggling to make ground as Ukrainian forces keep pushing back.  Mr Rivers said: "He told me there are small groups of Russians still inside the city, but they are totally demoralised and are now stealing cars from civilians to try and escape. "We watched as more Ukrainian troops entered from the South-East, close to the cities airport. "The Ukrainians are bringing in more heavy weapons into Kharkiv, the battle isn't over yet. "Residents have been warned to stay at home under curfew, but some couldn't resist coming out to see what was happening. JUST IN: Ukraine invasion: Liz Truss urges NATO to boost defence spending - ‘Doing all we can’     Defence Secretary Ben Wallace spoke about similar reports of Russian soldiers who did not want to fight their neighbours on the dawn of the fifth day of the war. Mr Wallace said: "This is an army and a leadership, rather than an army who doesn't really care much about its soldiers and its conscripts. "We've seen right now it isn't working and there are many reports of Russians either deserting or surrendering.  "There are lots of people who have Ukrainian mothers or who have spent lots of time [in Ukraine]."  READ MORE: Former Miss Ukraine begins training to fight Russian soldiers – ‘Go straight to h**l'    Mr Kuzio added: "Earlier report from front lines around Crimea is 1/2 of Russian soldiers turned over equipment to the Ukrainians, again refusing to fight." The latest reports have exposed that Putin has already lost 146 tanks and 4,300 are dead. The Governor of Kharkiv Oblast, Oleh Synyehubov, took to Facebook to confirm reports of Ukrainians having captured dozens of Russian soldiers. Mr Synyehubov said: "The Russian soldiers, who were taken captive, talk about total extortion and demoralisation, they have nothing to do with the central command, do not understand and do not know their further actions. "Since the beginning of the attack on Ukraine they do not receive food and water, the technology has no fuel supplies." 