Death in Paradise fans were treated to a brand new recruit in the most recent season of the BBC drama. Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (played by Don Warrington) took new staff member Darlene Curtis (Ginny Holder) under his wing but could she end up betraying her superior? Darlene joined the Saint Marie police team as an office admin. However, fans of the BBC drama suspect there is more than meets the eye to Darlene. The office employee proved she could be a valuable asset to the team when she helped out with one of the investigations. But, Death in Paradise fans predict Darlene’s eagerness to help out could suggest she might be after the Commissioner’s role. Read more: Don Warrington age: How old is the Death in Paradise actor? Jodie tweeted: “Am I the only one who loves Darlene, but reckon she's a criminal mastermind working under the nose of the police as a stunning misdirection because no one would ever suspect the admin.” “You might have something there,” Andy Whitaker agreed. However, Tom theorised: “My money is on Darlene replacing Selwyn as the new police commissioner. “She has a complete mastery of all police procedures without requiring any training.” “#deathinparadise 'Admin' Darlene seems to be doing some pretty good detective work for someone so unqualified,” @caz2uk added. Bobby Jones remarked: “Queen Darlene is on the scene. There's just no stopping this leviathan of purest joy #deathinparadise.” However, Debbie Blackman pointed out: “I like Darlene but it is bothersome she isn't actually a cop #DeathInParadise.” Will Darlene sneakily frame the Commissioner and insert herself into his important role? DON'T MISSDeath in Paradise's Neville Parker's exit sealed in twist? [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise: Dwayne's return sealed to rekindle romance? [THEORY]Death in Paradise fans distraught over Neville Parker confession  [SPOILER] Meanwhile, Ralf Little addressed his Death in Paradise future. The actor took to Twitter to clarify an interview he gave to The Sunday Times. He wrote: “I’m happy with my @thesundaytimes interview with the lovely Julia Llewellyn Smith. “But sometimes what you actually said needs to be paraphrased to fit in, which can leave you accidentally misquoted.  “So, some (very) minor corrections/contextualisations…” The actor went on to add: “At the end, it says I am definitely going back to film series 12. “That is not true as that discussion is still ongoing. “I wouldn’t bring it up now, except I don’t want other papers to start saying I’ve made an official announcement when I haven’t.” Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.