Multiple red alerts and danger to life warnings have been released due to Storm Eunice and there is growing concern for disruption to electricity and water supplies. Which? states severe weather interruptions for electricity distribution in the past has seen customers receive up to £700. As Storm Eunice is classed as a severe storm, there are slightly different compensation rules for Britons left without power. The BBC reported that thousands of homes are without power as a result of the storm as public transport, schools and flights all grind to a halt as well. Electricity distribution companies have 48 hours after the electricity supply fails to restore it. Once this 48 hour mark has been hit, customers are automatically due £70. READ MORE: Storm Eunice chaos: Terrifying moment massive tree collapses onto street as high winds hit  If the outage continues, customers should receive a further £70 for each additional 12 hours they have no power. This can add up to the cap of £700. The general rule for severe weather, but not severe storms, have the same payout amounts but give the distribution companies 24 hours instead of 48. To claim compensation, households should contact their electricity network operator, not their supplier.     Citizen’s Advice noted that households suffering with unplanned cuts must make their claim within three months of the cut. If it is found that one is eligible for compensation, the operate should make the payment within 10 working days. If households are not paid by then they could be eligible for a further £30 compensation. Citizen’s Advice noted that the households can also receive compensation if their gas is cut for more than 24 hours, with the compensation sitting at £60.  However, with gas cut compensation, households won’t be able to claim if the following apply: They advised that households check with the gas provider to see if they took reasonable steps and how many houses were affected before trying to claim compensation. UK Power Networks has recommended households charge up their mobile phones and power banks, in case they lose power.  UK Power Networks’ also provides a live power cut map on its websites where people can find updates for their area. Two red warnings have been issued due to Storm Eunice, a very rare occurrence for more than one to be placed at any single time. Forecasters have warned that it could be the worst UK storm in three decades. The storm is expected to ease by tonight with a slight risk of snow and ice still reported by BBC.