The UK has acted in conjunction with the US and EU to impose crippling sanctions on Moscow as punishment for the attack on its European neighbour. While the measures will have a severe impact of the president Putin regime, the UK's cost of living crisis is also set to get worse as a result. There are fears inflation could tip eight percent this year - the highest in 30 years - as a result of further rises to energy prices caused by the sanctions. Chancellor Rishi Sunak is now under increasing pressure to take action to reduce the burden facing families up and down the country. Tory MPs were already uneasy about planned tax rises such as the introduction of a 1.25 percentage point increase in national insurance due to come in from April. In the face of Russia's invasion they are now demanding the tax hike be ditched. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Former cabinet minister John Redwood said: "The economic dislocation from the Russian invasion and sanctions is another reason why the UK Government should drop its tax rises and offer more help with the cost of living crisis." Meanwhile, Senior Tory MP Tom Tugendhat warned the cost of living crisis will be "driven by war". He said yesterday: "The decisions made around Europe are absolutely going to shape the way Vladimir Putin sees this because the reality is that if we leave this to stand, if we let this pass, you can forget about petrol at £1.70 a litre, which is where it’s heading now. "It will be significantly higher." Conservative concerns over the impact the war will have at home come after the Labour Party issued its own demands for Mr Sunak to cancel tax rises. The party's shadow chancellor, Rachel Reeves, told the Sunday Mirror: "In the face of Russian aggression we must bring in the hardest possible sanctions against all those linked to Vladimir Putin. READ MORE: Belarus preparing to join Putin: PM revokes non-nuclear status "But alongside this, the Government must also seriously think again about how rising costs and looming tax rises will hit working people here." Liberal Democrat leader said any further rise in gas prices should by covered by a new "oligarch tax". He said: "While British families face more cost of living misery, Putin’s cronies have been getting away with it. DON'T MISS:Von der Leyen insists Ukraine WILL join EU in direct rebuke to Putin [UPDATE]'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [WATCH]'Thousands' of Britons could head to Ukraine to fight Putin's Russia [INSIGHT] "It is Russian oligarchs and energy companies who must foot the bill for any gas price spike following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. "An ‘oligarch tax’ will send a clear signal to Putin that we will take tough measures to combat his aggression – and insulate the British public from any side effects." Last night Foreign Secretary Liz Truss conceded Britain would take an "economic hit" as a result of the war and the UK's sanctions on Moscow. However, she said the country would have to grin and bear the difficult economic situation as letting President Putin get away with his actions would be far worse. "The pain that we will face in the United Kingdom is nothing like the pain people in Ukraine are currently facing," Ms Truss said. "They are having to take up arms in the face of an appalling dictator using untold weapons on their country, and that is what we have to remember. "We aren’t just fighting for the people of Ukraine and the sovereignty of Ukraine, we’re fighting for freedom and democracy, and that has a very high cost for us. "It is right that we are prepared to take an economic hit, because the alternative of allowing Putin to succeed will be far worse for peace and democracy across Europe."