Vitamin D is a naturally occurring vitamin which is produced from sun rays. A no brainer then when a lack of sun exposure occurs so does a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiencies. Having low levels of the essential vitamin can cause any of these three head related symptoms. Having low or deficient vitamin D levels may negatively impact cognitive health and contribute to brain fog symptoms. People who have depression or depressive symptoms often experience brain fog symptoms such as poor concentration and memory problems. Previous research has found low mood, fatigue, tiredness and "brain fog" are among the mental symptoms one might experience if low in vitamin D. READ MORE: Diabetes – The 'key' to managing blood sugar levels to prevent health complications Brain fog is characterised by confusion, forgetfulness, and a lack of focus and mental clarity. On a cellular level, brain fog is believed to be caused by high levels inflammation and changes to hormones that determine your mood, energy and focus. It is often described as a cloudy-headed feeling. Forgetfulness is a common complaint among older adults.  In a study with the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, a link between low vitamin D levels and headaches were investigated. The study analysed serum vitamin D levels in approximately 2,600 men aged between 42 and 60 years. The study found that chronic headache occurring at least on a weekly basis were reported by 250 men, and men reporting chronic headache and were found to have lower serum vitamin D levels than others. When the study population was divided into four groups based on their serum vitamin D levels, the group with the lowest levels had over a twofold risk of chronic headache in comparison to the group with the highest levels. One study conducted by the University of Exeter Medical School highlighted a strong correlation between low vitamin D levels and dementia risk. The study looked at 1,658 participants who had an average age of 74 at the outset and were followed for six years to observe how many developed the disease. The results found a strong link between lowest levels of vitamin D and a disproportionately higher risk of dementia. In fact, the results indicated a two-fold risk of having low vitamin D levels and dementia risk. David Llewellyn, lead author of the study, said: “We expected to find an association between low vitamin D levels and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease, but the results were surprising - we actually found that the association was twice as strong as we anticipated. “We need to be cautious at this early stage and our latest results do not demonstrate that low vitamin D levels cause dementia. “That said, our findings are very encouraging, and even if a small number of people could benefit, this would have enormous public health implications given the devastating and costly nature of dementia."