Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta has backed Romelu Lukaku to come good given time and is demanding it is not forgotten that he played a key role in the Blues' Club World Cup triumph. Lukaku's time could be as soon as Sunday’s Carabao Cup showpiece final against Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday. The £97.5million striker cut a frustrated figure as he sat throughout the 90 minutes of Chelsea’s comfortable 2-0 Champions League last 16 first-leg win against French side Lille. He was then notable by his absence from the extensive warm-down routine which all six of the other unused Chelsea substitutes were put through after the final whistle. Manager Thomas Tuchel explained his selection decision as being down to Lukaku’s “mental tiredness” after he had managed just seven touches in the previous game against Crystal Palace on Saturday. The Belgian has endured an underwhelming campaign since returning to Stamford Bridge with just five league goals and only 10 strikes in 28 matches across all competitions. He scored 30 times in 44 games last season, adding 10 assists, as he helped Inter Milan to win their first title in a decade under Antonio Conte. But Azpilicueta suspects that Tuchel's decision not to play Lukaku against Lille could be an attempt to have him back firing on all cylinders by 4.30pm on Sunday. “The manager makes his decision, the best for every game, so against Lille Romelu didn’t play,” he said. “But I know that now preparing for the final every player will have a chance and we have to show that we deserve to be there and then the manager will make the best decision for the team.” It has been a stop-start beginning to Lukaku’s return to Chelsea but Azpilicueta feels some of the highlights are being forgotten too quickly and too conveniently. “He’s having a tough period, but we cannot forget also that he scored two goals in the Club World Cup, in the semi-final and the final, so you know he can do it at a high level,” Azpilicueta said. “Us players go through tough moments, but we cannot forget also that he played a big role in that Club World Cup.” MORE FOOTBALL NEWS...Thierry Henry admits worry over Romelu Lukaku at ChelseaMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus this summerHaaland could stop Arsenal from signing Isak as Barcelona pose threat More consistency would appear to be the key and, as with so many players over the years, Azpilicueta is certain that Lukaku has a part to play on the biggest stages more often than not. “Of course, Romelu is the first one who wants to give more for the team,” he said. “Every player has their problems when you can be at your best or not but I have no doubt that Romelu is a very important player.” Chelsea are looking to win their third trophy in the past 12 months having won the Champions League and Club World Cup ahead of this weekend's Carabao Cup final. The Londoners have won the competition five times, including against Liverpool in 2005, while the Reds are looking to become the first team ever to lift the trophy on a ninth occasion.