Liverpool ended a decade-long domestic cup drought in style after they clinched the Carabao Cup on penalties in a finale that befitted such an enthralling clash. The Reds' jubilation was mirrored by Chelsea misery under the famous arch at Wembley after Kepa Arrizabalaga, the Blues penalty expert, blazed his spot-kick into the upper echelons of the national stadium to hand Jurgen Klopp his first domestic trophy since he arrived on Merseyside back in 2015. However, Liverpool's crowning moment came at a cost. The Reds lost playmaker Thiago Alcantara before a ball had even been kicked at Wembley after the Spaniard picked up an injury in the warm-up. While it was Thiago's tears that caught the eye, he wasn't the only Reds player left with the hump on the bench. JUST IN: Man Utd may give Rashford a different position after Watford draw Sadio Mane couldn't hide his frustration when he was withdrawn from the action in the 80th minute, with the Senegal star snatching his coat before taking a seat. It's likely that Klopp is just managing minutes after Mane's hectic month - but did the striker's reaction hint at the type of problems that lie ahead for the Reds chief? The fact that Luis Diaz remained on the pitch while Mane was handed a watching brief is an interesting subplot to Liverpool's Carabao Cup triumph. Liverpool were always planning to push the boat out to prise Diaz away from Porto in the summer, but interest from Tottenham accelerated the process. DON'T MISS...Barcelona eyeing Man Utd summer raid on top of signing Chelsea duoMarcelo Bielsa 'leaves Leeds' just hours after Tottenham lossPremier League clarify reason for VAR call not to give Everton penalty He's slotted into the Reds' well-oiled juggernaut remarkably well; hinting that he's ready to make an impact now rather than in the future. That's likely to have a knock-on effect for the plethora of attacking talent that the Reds now boast. And that's a nice problem to have, admittedly. But it's still a problem. It's unlikely that Mane will be the fall guy considering the monumental month he's just enjoyed, which appears to indicate that perhaps everyone in Liverpool's attacking ranks could have to get used to playing second fiddle every now and then. That's something that Klopp has managed already, to an extent, in the case of Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino. But it feels like doing the same thing with the likes of Mane and Mohamed Salah is a slightly more ambitious goal. Perhaps that's the price Klopp and Liverpool will have to pay for having the Premier League's most potent array of attacking talent in their ranks. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ It's not hard to imagine the majority of Europe's top clubs shooting envious glances at Anfield after they confirmed Diaz's £37million switch last month. But based on Sunday's evidence, Klopp faces an almighty task to juggle his astutely-assembled frontline. After being Liverpool's main men for so long, it's hard to imagine Mane and Salah adapting to the type of role that Firmino has taken on following Jota's emergence. And that could evolve into a real issue in the coming months when you factor in that both Mane and Salah are inside the final 18 months of their current deals. Sunday's dramatic win over Chelsea saw the Reds crown a number of new heroes, with the likes of Diaz, Caoimhin Kelleher, Harvey Elliott and Ibrahima Konate all tasting Wembley success for the first time. Liverpool's next generation are ready to make an impact ahead of schedule - but Klopp has his work cut out to ensure that the Reds future doesn't have a detrimental effect on some of his more established stars.