Rod Stewart's model wife Penny Lancaster reacted as her husband posted a sweet family snap of himself and their eldest child, Alistair, during a break in northern Italy yesterday. The Loose Women panellist, 50, sparked a frenzy with her affectionate comment, which left fans stunned at how much Ali, 16, resembles his gorgeous mother. Yesterday, the Do Ya Think I'm Sexy? hitmaker, 77 posted a cute snap of himself with son Ali to document their break abroad in view of his 1.1 million followers. He captioned the picture: "Weekend in Milano with the boy for @palmangels @villadestelakecomo @alastairwstewart." Standing on the shore of Lake Como, Rod and Ali posed for the camera against the breathtaking backdrop. Ali towered over his singer father and looked fashionable in a pair of faded black jeans, a luxe gilet and a cross-body bag, complete with a hoodie underneath. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement Meanwhile, Rod looked smart in an all beige ensemble. He donned a neutral, cable-knit jumper which he paired with a thick cream coat and pair of trousers. However, he kept his signature rocker style with a pair of leopard-print loafers. Gushing over the intimate picture, Penny couldn't help but comment on the snap. She affectionately wrote: "My boys x." The star was soon inundated with comments in awe of how much Ali looked like his model mother. Instagram user @dfbr64 penned: "@penny.lancaster he looks like you, alongside a smiley face. @cathyolsen_ agreed, adding: "@penny.lancaster wow he’s so much like you Penny!" DON'T MISS... Isabelle Huppert shows off ageless beauty as she hosts César Awards [ANALYSIS]Nikita Kuzmin shares concerns for Grandma amid video of Ukraine [INSIGHT]Giovanni's new partner unveiled as pro replaces Rose [UPDATE] Penny also joined Rod and Ali on the Italian trip and shared a snap from the Italian break. She and her husband-of-15-years hugged affectionately while on the balcony of their luxury hotel. She captioned the snap: "Beautiful Lake Como." The Maggie May hitmaker also took to his stories to give his fans an insight into his time in Italy. Rod posted snaps of himself enjoying a break in the Piazza Duomo overlooking the Cathedral and square. He also shared a selfie of himself wrapped up warm in the city's cool temperatures while donning a pair of aviator sunglasses, spotted scarf and smart black blazer. Rod's son Ali posted a short clip of his singer father taking in the stunning view over the Piazza. Geo-tagging the location, Ali panned the square as Rod leaned on the balcony to soak up the incredible sights.