Tottenham manager Antonio Conte has heaped praise on Harry Kane, claiming that the striker 'has to play' against Burnley 'even if he has one leg'. The England captain was instrumental in Spurs' shock win over Manchester City on Saturday, and will be keen to build on his newfound momentum after struggling in front of goal for much of the current campaign. Spurs will ride a wave of excitement going into Wednesday's clash at Turf Moor, after battling to a stunning 3-2 win over City last time out. The surprise victory called time on a troubling run of form, which had seen them lose each of their last three Premier League games. Kane asserted his importance to Conte's side, with little in the way of senior back-up on the bench pushing to take his place. Two goals and a superb pass in the build-up to Heung-min Son's opener constituted one of his best ever performances for the Lilywhites, and the manager is keen to see him overcome a knock and take to the field in Lancashire. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp piles pressure on Man City as Liverpool boss talks up title race   "Harry had a hit on his back but he has to play," claimed Conte. "Even if he has one leg, he has to play. He is good. "Harry knows his importance to the team." After 37 goal involvements in 35 Premier League games last campaign, Kane's output has dried up dramatically this time around, notching nine goal involvements in 22. Spurs may need him to continue his newfound form against the Clarets, with Sean Dyche's side no doubt buoyed by a surprise 3-0 away win over Brighton. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)  Having put the Spurs' troubling run of form to bed, Conte also opened up on his time at the club so far, with many tipping him to jump ship in the summer after a frustrating January transfer window. Four senior stars left the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last month and only two came in to take their places, despite Conte's concerns over his squad's ability to compete with the league's big hitters. The Italian was said to be delivering 'uncomfortable home truths' to chairman Daniel Levy behind the scenes, which threatened to see the relationship break down. But Conte's glowing rundown of current events will be music to Tottenham fans' ears, given his pedigree with the likes of Juventus, Inter Milan and Chelsea.  "When I say I'm enjoying to work in Tottenham I mean this," he exclaimed. "I'm finding a lot of availability in these players to work, to improve and to take on football knowledge. It's not sure that in every team this type of situation happens. "Players sometimes don't want to follow you. Sometimes it happens. "This group is showing a lot of availability. I enjoy more to work with them. Surely there is a lot of space for agreement. "I come to the training ground with a smile because I know I spend two or three hours working with people who want to work seriously and want to improve themselves."