Back in 2019, there were stories published about how she’d been asked to leave her £80,000-a-year job as Director of Communications at Tory HQ because party chiefs had challenged her spending thousands of pounds in unauthorised expenses. They also said her work performance was poor. A spokesman said: "These regurgitated lies regarding Mrs Johnson's employment record are spiteful and damaging. Carrie left her role to pursue her passion in ocean conservation and later in animal welfare." At the time it was claimed that Sir Mick Davis, the Tory Treasurer and chief executive, had tried several times to remove Ms Symonds but was rebuffed following protests by her “powerful allies in the party”. But she did eventually resign and just weeks afterward her relationship with married Boris became public knowledge. Lord Ashcroft’s book repeats the expenses claims and says that Carrie also booked cabs in the names of junior staff to disguise the fact they were for her. And she took 40 work or leisure trips abroad and in Britain and her holiday photos were examined by Tory Party officials.  Make what you will of all of that. But the fact is none of it looks good. It sounds like a woman taking advantage in a situation where she knew, that because of the aforementioned powerful allies, there would be no consequences. But I suspect most people will be convinced of Lord Ashcroft claims because of the way Carrie’s behaved since she got into Downing Street. And while being accused of fiddling your expenses is one thing – an unelected person influencing government policy is quite another and THAT’S what Carrie is being accused of now. I’m not buying the outrage from her so-called supporters that this is all about sexism, spite and misogyny because there have been too many stories about the way Carrie – and all the mates she has shoehorned into Downing Street – are destabilising Boris to simply dismiss them as rubbish. One commentator said all the criticism of Carrie was “the political equivalent of slut shaming” which is nonsense. And Health Secretary Sajid Javid, below, claimed the allegations against Carrie were based on sexism and misogyny and that she as the target of a “brutal briefing campaign”. Well, excuse me if I’m loathe to believe a man who it's rumoured got his Cabinet job back thanks to help from his old friend Carrie. It’s also been alleged Carrie was the one that pushed for the luxury redecoration of the Downing Street flat they live in and that she was key in the decision over the evacuation of animals from the Nowzad charity from Kabul. Both of these things hugely damaged Boris not just inside the Tory party but more crucially with voters. As for the liberal, one-nation green agenda Boris has been pushing which many believe has been instigated by Team Carrie – no one voted for that! Lord Ashcroft’s book suggests Carrie’s interference and influence is stopping Boris from “leading Britain as effectively as voters deserve”. And another interviewed for it said that, because of Carrie, Boris had squandered his chance to become a great prime minister. And both are bang on. She and her metropolitan mates have no clue how Red Wall voters think – and don’t much care despite the fact it’s the votes of those people that catapulted Boris to his historic 80-seat majority in the last election. And they are the same people who’ll kick him out if he continues to ignore what Tory voters want and instead does what his pushy wife wants. And yes, of course, this is ultimately Boris’s fault because he doesn’t have the guts or the will to stand up to his wife. But that’s not actually an excuse. The millions who voted for him are gutted that he’s not delivering what he promised and according to reports what he does is influenced by his unelected wife who has her own agenda which is a million miles away from what Tories voted for. And it’s beyond farcical for those No 10 spokespeople briefing on Carrie’s behalf to insist she has no role in government. That’s insulting our intelligence. Some of her closest friends have been installed there. And those people have been clashing with senior staffers over policy, strategy and communications. There is currently talk that Team Carrie is being disbanded and that she’s going to be moved out of Downing Street and into another grace and favour building where presumably she can set up her own shadow government and waste more taxpayers money by employing her friends. But removing Carrie from Number 10 won’t change anything. The issue here is about unelected influence – and Carrie has it. And it’s no coincidence that since Boris’s top advisor, Dominic Cummings, was pushed out (many say by Carrie) the PM has made a series of very bad, very damaging decisions that have led him to where he is now – clinging onto his political life. But even if Carrie is moved out of Downing Street Boris will still go home to her at night. She will still try to influence what he does and push her own agenda. And THAT’S what he has to stop. No one voted for a Tory Government led by Boris and the mother of his children. And if he can’t or won’t tell her to butt out of Government business – then he should be kicked out!