Leeds look set to appoint Jesse Marsch as their new manager and his first potential summer signing under the new regime already makes perfect sense for the Elland Road hierarchy - providing the Whites can beat the drop. An expansive, progressive coach; Marsch first put his name up in lights in Europe during his time with RB Salzburg in Austria, where he won two league and cup doubles. RB Leipzig, Salzburg's sister club, soon came calling and moved to secure Marsch as Julian Nagelsmann's replacement but things did not work out in the Bundesliga. Marsch was handed his P45 in early December but now the 48-year-old is closing in on a return to management with Leeds - who have sounded him out as Bielsa's successor. His pressing game and swashbuckling style will undoubtedly draw similarities to the football played during Bielsa's three-and-a-half-year reign. That's why the signing of Brenden Aaronson from Salzburg still makes perfect sense - for more reason than one. The 21-year-old was brought to Austria by Marsch, who used his MLS contacts to help the club broker a deal for the USMNT forward. This season, no player has covered more ground than Aaronson (91.2km) in the Champions League, by a significant margin. He is understood to be in the top one per cent for distance covered worldwide, figures that have been key to Leeds' interest. Yet Salzburg dug their heels into the ground in January, rejecting two bids for the playmaker. They were insistent that they would not sell any of their most valuable players just weeks out from their first-ever Champions League knockout tie with Bayern Munich. A deal - on their part - seems way more viable this summer once the season is over and now it makes even more sense for Leeds. Marsch, as an American and Aaronson's former coach, should be on hand to play a crucial role in any transfer - particularly if the player needs convincing. There will be no doubt, however, that Leeds will need to remain focused on preserving their Premier League status first. They are now lingering dangerously just two points above the drop following Newcastle and Burnley's recent upturn in form. Leeds have decided to twist and part company with Bielsa with the sole purpose of securing survival. The sentiment of promotion back to the Premier League and a ninth-place finish was not enough to keep the Argentine in the job. Although Leeds remains a project full of excitement, relegation to the Championship would feel unavoidably crippling. The incentive of potentially landing Aaronson and a whole host of other names this summer is a tease for Marsch to ensure he oversees immediate progress in Yorkshire. This is a signing that makes so much sense but only if there is Premier League football at Elland Road next season.