Brittany Walsh in Texas posted a video of the device on TikTok. She claimed she discovered it in the Airbnb she rented. Walsh showed viewers the device and said she’d found one in the living room and in a bathroom. She said: “Someone’s boutta catch a felony for invasive visual recording in our Airbnb bathroom.” She then showed police arriving to record the hidden device in the Airbnb flat, seemingly in Texas. Walsh said: “Looked like a plug. The camera part wasn’t obvious. We didn’t think anything about it for a while. READ MORE: Devon to ban wild camping after 'antisocial behaviour' “It’s a felony in Texas. And against Airbnb’s policy. It’s on their website of what they do and don’t allow in regard to cameras.” Airbnb does allow hosts to place cameras but they have to be clearly disclosed and appear in common rooms. They would not be allowed in a rental property’s bathroom and this would be a violation of the rules. Airbnb’s policy said: “To help provide hosts and guests with peace of mind, security measures, such as security cameras and noise-monitoring devices, are allowed as long as they are clearly disclosed in the listing description and don’t infringe on another person’s privacy.  “Rules about devices apply to all cameras, recording devices, smart devices and monitoring devices.” A commenter said: “I literally changed my clothes in a dark Airbnb closet the one time I stayed in one because of this.” Another claimed: “The one in Alaska I stayed at had one in the living room which was next to the hot tub. “I didn’t know and my whole family changed there.”   One person that said they worked as cleaning staff claimed: “I clean rental cabins. There are cameras all over those cabins where they are not supposed to be!” An Airbnb spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Airbnb strictly prohibits ‘hidden cameras’ as well as recording devices of any kind in private spaces such as bathrooms and bedrooms. “We take this allegation extremely seriously and our dedicated Safety team is thoroughly investigating.” Experts advise that people check common items if they are worried about hidden cameras in a holiday rental apartment. They also recommend that guests check logical places such as the bathroom or by the sofa for hidden devices. Guests could try shining a torch at a suspicious item and will see the light reflected if there’s a camera. Some guests also worry that rented holiday apartments have two-way mirrors or secret voice recording devices. If a person touches a mirror they shouldn’t be able to reach their finger in the reflection if it is a normal mirror.