No Time To Die marked the final time fans would seeDaniel Craig playing the suave spy James Bonds - and the final moments made damn sure of that. Its last scenes killed off 007 in an unexpected last-minute twist. And, going forward, a new actor will take over from Craig. The new Bond actor will likely be announced later this year, and in the meantime, the Bond odds are predicting a strapping British star will take over. Unfortunately, it will likely not be Tom Hardy. Hardy has been at the top of the odds for a long time following rumours that he had already been cast as the iconic spy. But recent weeks have not been kind to the Venom star. Hardy's odds have recently dropped to 5/1 from Ladbrokes. Although this is still a strong position, it places him third in the running for the first time. Ahead of him is a newcomer to the top spot of the Bond odds: Henry Cavill. Cavill's popularity has spiked harshly in the past few months following his appearance on the Netflix show The Witcher. The former Superman star is currently at 5/2 odds on claiming the role after Craig steps down. And his odds have only improved in recent days. The star's tables have turned from relative outsider to very likely frontrunner. Ladbrokes agent Alex Apati has confirmed the star has only become even more sought-after in recent days. READ MORE: Next James Bond: Tom Hardy falls behind in unexpected 007 downfall Apati said: "Bond bettors can't get enough of Henry Cavill at the moment - he's been backed into joint-favourite and is by far and away the most popular pick with punters this month." Despite the fact Cavill is currently a joint-favourite, he has revealed he is "not yet" in the conversation to become Bond. Speaking in recent weeks on The Graham Norton Show, Cavill revealed: "I would definitely have a conversation [about becoming Bond]. From what I understand, there's very very early conversations happening at the top at MGM, there's no list yet." But Cavill will likely have something to prove, considering he's already auditioned to become Bond before. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: Daniel Craig replacement switch-up after big change [BOND ODDS]James Bond streaming: Is No Time To Die on Netflix? [NEWS]Next James Bond: Tom Hardy falls behind in unexpected 007 downfall [INSIGHT] Cavill got into the final line-up to become 007 just before Craig was officially cast as the hero. But, in a recent interview, Cavill recalled how he was told his weight was an issue at the time. He revealed: "I remember the [Casino Royale] director, Martin Campbell, saying: 'Looking a little chubby there, Henry.'" Explaining the comment further, Cavill noted: "I didn’t know how to train or diet. And I’m glad Martin said something, because I respond well to truth. It helps me get better." Cavill then referenced the characters that followed, adding: "I’m representing important characters here. I don’t want to be a dumpy Geralt or a fat Superman." Despite the star's desire to claim the role, he isn't alone at the top. Cavill is joint-favourite alongside Bridgerton hunk Regé-Jean Page, who also has 5/2 from Ladbrokes. But does this relative newcomer have what it takes to win the character over Cavill when it all comes down to it? James Bond No Time To Die is out on digital, DVD and Blu-Ray now.