The series 11 final of Death In Paradise landed on BBC One on Friday evening where the Saint Marie policing team were tasked with solving a murder that took place during a chess match. As the island's detectives investigated the death, more mysteries unfolded which left viewers on the edge of their seats. While fans have an agonising wait for the next series to air, Ralf Little has confirmed whether Neville will be returning.  The 42-year-old, who first appeared in Death In Paradise back in 2013, shared an update with his social media followers on Friday. He confirmed his crime-solving character will be returning for the next season of the hit show. Ralf tweeted: "Thanks to everyone for watching @deathinparadise series 11. "It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I’ll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12." READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!'  During the dramatic season finale, journalist Maggie Harper (played by Orla Brady) had been interviewing chess grandmaster Julius Rotfeld (David Sibley) ahead of his next tournament. As the competition got underway Julius, who was playing against Lucas Magnussen (Anders Hayward), started struggling to breathe and collapsed. Neville and his team discovered he had been poisoned, but his death was not the only mystery in the instalment. Catherine Bordey (Elizabeth Bourgine) then revealed Maggie was Commissioner Selwyn Patterson's (Don Warrington) ex-wife.   The Commissioner and Maggie later shared a kiss on the beach, but this made the murder case extremely complicated due to their personal connection. However, the police boss had to tell Maggie to keep her distance after he discovered she had deleted part of a recording from her interview with Julius which could have helped the case. Later on, Neville discovered Maurice Holburne (Paul Brown) was responsible for the murder of Julius as part of a revenge plot. Neville told Maurice: "A murder carried out by a chess grandmaster was always going to be a challenge for us to solve.  DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise explained: Who is Commissioner Selwyn's daughter? [EXPLAINER] Don Warrington shares rare insight into sex life with mystery wife [LATEST]Death in Paradise season 11 episode 8 cast: Who is in the finale? [UPDATE] "What was it you said Maurice, that chess players obsess over every move they make and play it out in their heads before making every move? "It's not so different from what we do as detectives, we can be pretty obsessive too and it was the obsessive rewatching of the footage from both chess games which led us to work out how you poisoned Julius even though you were nowhere near the chess set on the day of the murder." Neville got his team to send the white queen chess piece to the laboratory for testing and it was confirmed there was poison on the very tip so Maurice could handle it without touching the poisoned area. He added: "It meant when Julius was playing and he picked up the queen from above the palm of his hand came into contact with the poison and he was dead within minutes."  However, the finale took a dramatic turn when Maurice suddenly fell ill and died after Neville had cracked the case. The Commissioner was later left in shock discovered he had a secret daughter with Maggie. She showed him a photo on her phone, but viewers did not get to see the image on the screen. Will his daughter, who is now an adult, make an appearance in season 12? Death in Paradise season 11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 