The Met Office has issued a weather warning for parts of the UK today, February 18, which is the highest alert. This means a high impact is very likely, causing airlines to cancel some flights from British airports. Simon Calder appeared on BBC this morning to warn Britons to check if their flight is still going before travelling to an airport. Storm Eunice has already caused disruption to flights today, as well as train journeys and roads. Speaking to the BBC, Simon Calder said: “A lot of people will be simply thinking well I can’t actually reach the airport. “Airlines I’m pretty sure will be flexible if you’ve got a booking today.” However, the travel expert added: “But it’s going to be very very messy whichever form of transport you’re trying to use.” Simon also warned: “The airlines are a little bit slow in cancelling their flights.” However, British Airways have already cancelled 80 flights – 44 in and out of London Heathrow and 36 in and out of London City Airport.  Short haul and domestic flights from some parts of the UK have also been grounded. EasyJet has cancelled flights to Basel in Switzerland, to Amsterdam, and to Edinburgh from Bristol Airport. Eastern Airways has axed its London-Gatwick service, and Exter Airport has been forced to cancel three domestic flights. A number of flights coming in and out of Birmingham Airport have also been cancelled.  Flights to and from Dublin, Paris, Amsterdam, Munich, Aberdeen, and Frankfurt have been grounded. Gatwick and Stanstead Airports have advised customers to check if they’re flights are still going before travelling. Gatwick Airport tweeted yesterday, February 17: “Weather Warning. Be advised that due to storm Eunice, there is the possibility for disruption to flights, and the shuttle service to North terminal tomorrow, between approximately 10am and 4pm. “Please arrive earlier if you are flying from Gatwick.”  Heathrow have also urged travellers to regularly check the status of their flights as storm Eunice could cause “last-minute delays”. A spokesperson for the airport said yesterday: “Storm Eunice is forecast to cause poor weather conditions across the UK tomorrow. “We are working in close collaboration with our airline and air traffic control partners to get passengers safely away on their journeys as quickly as possible. "High winds and poor weather can cause last-minute delays, but we will do everything in our power to minimise any disruption that results. We encourage passengers to check their flight status with their airline for the latest information.”  Both Manchester Airport and Belfast International Airport also warned that flights could be cancelled at any time, therefore those travelling should check for the most “up-to-date flight information” and allow “plenty of time for your journey”. Some airlines issued statements yesterday. Jet2 urged passengers to check their website for the latest information on flights, saying: “We are aware that storm Eunice is causing significant disruption which may impact our flying programme.” Travel operator TUI said: “We’re closely monitoring the situation and would advise customers to allow extra journey time to the airport in case of any disruption to roads and rail networks.” 