Technical issues are set to cause disruption for British Airways fliers today due to a hardware issue. British Airways will not be taking short-haul flights from Heathrow today until midday. Unfortunately, further disruption is forecasted for the airline all day due to ongoing technical issues. British Airways' website and app were inaccessible for hours on Friday evening, preventing customers from booking new flights or checking in online for existing ones. However, the website is now back on its feet. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip for ‘delicious’ item’ - ‘always order it’ BA told customers: “We’re extremely sorry, a number of our flights are disrupted today due to significant technical issues. “If we've contacted you to say your flight has been cancelled, please don't go to the airport.” It urged fliers to log in and review their options through Manage my booking. BA has issued a statement saying: "We are extremely sorry that due to the continuing technical issues we are facing we have regrettably had to cancel all short-haul flights from Heathrow today until midday. "Customers due to travel later today should check their flight status on ba.com before coming to the airport as we anticipate further disruption during the day. "Our long-haul services at Heathrow and all flights at Gatwick and London City Airport are due to operate as planned, but customers may experience some delays. "Our website ba.com is working and customers can check-in online and at the airport." The airline has reassured that the issues are not due to a cyber-attack but a hardware fault. Passengers flying out of other UK airports should also be aware of these issues. They will possibly cause delays for those departing from Gatwick and London City airport as well as Heathrow. The outage has caused cancellations and delays of flights, pile-ups of luggage and passengers stuck on planes after landing at Heathrow. BA customers will not be left in the lurch despite these technical faults. Customers on cancelled services will be offered a full refund. They will also be able to book their flight for free at a later date. BA added: "Our teams have been working hard through the night and will continue to do so to resolve the issue as soon as possible. Long-haul flights will operate as usual." BA also faced disruption as a result of storms last week.