UPDATE THREE: CD Projekt Red has revealed gameplay of Cyberpunk 2077 running on next-gen consoles. If you want to wish footage of the highly anticipated next-gen updates running on the PS5 and Xbox Series X then you can see videos below. Before you click play just be warned that these videos show content which may be inappropriate for some users - including strong language and violence. The long-awaited Cyberpunk 2077 next-gen update will bring with it "ray tracing features and 4K with dynamic scaling, faster loading times, and a variety of other visual and technical improvements". UPDATE TWO: The CD Projekt Red live stream for today has begun, which has kicked-off with Cyberpunk 2077 gameplay captured on next-gen consoles being showcased. If you wish to tune in then click here to watch today's Cyberpunk 2077 event. **WARNING - BELOW VIDEOS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR YOUNG AUDIENCES** UPDATE: Ahead of the Cyberpunk 2077 live stream today, which kicks off at 3pm UK time, hopes have been raised that the long awaited PS5 and Xbox Series X update could launch as early as today - and CD Projekt Red may be launching a free demo to promote it. In the run-up to today's Cyberpunk 2077 live stream reports have emerged that an Xbox Series X and S version of the high-profile RPG shooter is showing up on the Microsoft storefront. Elsewhere, an advert has appeared which looks to have dropped early, promoting a 'free trial' version of the next-gen builds of Cyberpunk 2077. Of course, we'll have to wait for official confirmation for all of this but fans thankfully don't have long to wait. If you want to tune in to the Cyberpunk 2077 live stream then you can find out details on how to do this below... ORIGINAL: Cyberpunk 2077 players have a big date to mark in their diaires, with CD Projekt Red announcing a new live stream where the long-awaited PS5 and Xbox Series X updates could be announced. The Witcher 3 and Cyberpunk makers haven't announced what will get revealed during the upcoming live stream, but signs are pointing towards a potential reveal for the PS5 and Xbox Series X updates - which originally were due to launch last year. Towards the end of 2021 CDPR announced they were "hard at work" on the Cyberpunk 2077 PS5 and Xbox Series X updates, while recently a PS5 version of Cyberpunk 2077 was allegedly spot on the PlayStation Store database.  According to this alleged leak, the next-gen versions of Cyberpunk 2077 will be launching between the middle of February and early March. If this is correct, then the timing of the upcoming CDPR would be ideal for dropping the first details on the PS5 and Xbox Series X update. The new live stream, which was announced by CD Projekt Red today, is taking place on Tuesday February 15 at 3pm UK time. For those in other regions that's 4pm central European time, and for gamers in the States it's 10am eastern and 7am pacific. If you want to see the big Cyberpunk 2077 news as it gets announced then you'll need to head to the CDPR Twitch channel where it will be broadcast live. Announcing the upcoming stream, the official Cyberpunk 2077 Twitter posted: "So, choom, how 'bout a date? We'll talk things, y'know. READ MOREPS5 UK restock TOMORROW? Amazon and GAME stock could drop this week  "You're in? Preem! "Let's meet tomorrow, Feb 15th, at 4PM CET, at the usual place: https://twitch.tv/cdprojektred. "See you there!" Cyberpunk 2077 had a well publicised troubled launch, with the game being beset with numerous bugs and game-breaking performance issues on base PS4 and Xbox One models. Videos of bugs in Cyberpunk 2077 went viral, with the game being taken off the PlayStation Store in the aftermath and stock in CDPR plummeting. Since then developers have been hard at work releasing plenty of updates to improve performance and fix bugs. So much so that the game now holds a 'Mostly Positive' rating on Steam. The last big Cyberpunk update was version 1.31 which launched back in September. 