Royal families across the globe have access to some of the finest jewels. The ladies in the Swedish Royal Family, however, have a system in place to ensure they don’t wear the same crowns, tiaras, and suites when attending public engagements together. As a result, some pieces are reserved specifically for Her Majesty Queen Silvia, with Crown Princess Victoria unable to wear them until she takes the throne. In a two-part documentary about Swedish royal jewels, both Queen Silvia and Princess Victoria spoke about wearing some of the oldest and most precious jewellery in the world. Both royals also revealed their favourite tiaras and how they decide what jewellery to wear for each occasion. Princess Victoria also explained how she is not allowed to wear all of the jewels within the royal collection. Her father King Carl Gustaf, gives instructions on who can wear what. READ MORE: Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims She said: “It’s part of a tradition. Who wears what at what point? “There’s jewellery that I think is reserved for my mother to wear. Not for me…for example the more large and ‘Queen-like’ tiaras.” Insight was also given on how the royal ladies divide the various jewels when they are to attend an important event such as the Nobel Prize ceremony. Queen Silvia said: “It [the choice of jewellery] depends on the fabric, colour and style of the dress that one will wear. DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley on how stress can sabotage weight loss and diet [EXPERT]‘Secret cruise code language’ used in emergencies by crew [INSIDER]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] “Sometimes we adapt the jewellery to the dress, sometimes the dress needs to be adapted to the jewellery. “We try not to wear the same colour altogether. “They [Victoria, Sofia and Madeleine] often ask me what I would like to wear and then I’ll ask what they would like. “It’s a family conversation. We try to coordinate so it will be beautiful.” Her Royal Highness also revealed the great responsibility she and her family have when it comes to wearing and looking after such expensive jewellery. After wearing an item from the collection, the Crown Princess is said to personally inspect whether all the diamonds and gems are still in place. The Royal Court also has a jeweller who is responsible for the reparations and check-ups of these jewels. As for their favourite pieces from the collection, Queen Silvia favours the Leuchtenberg Sapphire Tiara and the accompanying parure. She loves this particular tiara because “it is beautiful and easy to transport and comfortable to wear”. As for Princess Victoria, she said she “has a great respect for all of the jewels and likes to wear them all”. However, she has more affection for Princess Sybilla’s Tiara which is also known as the Connaught Diamond Tiara.