The punitive tax is set to hit even more savers from April, when the threshold for paying the charge is frozen again. More than 1.6 million already pay and their numbers will steadily grow as stock markets and pension values rise but the threshold for paying this 55 percent tax charge stays the same. Many savers and pensioners do not realise they are in danger, often because they do not even know this tax exists. It is called the pensions lifetime allowance, or LTA, and Express.co.uk has been campaigning against its unfairness for the last year. Now others are catching on. The Daily Telegraph has launched a campaign against the "extortionate" tax, saying another 500,000 taxpayers will be caught out by Sunak's decision to freeze the amount of pension you can build up before the tax kicks in. In January, we called the tax “punitive, complex and unworkable”, with Stephen Lowe, director at retirement specialist Just Group, saying it punishes people “ simply because their investments have performed well”. Now anger is growing as Sunak uses it as a stealth tax to raise extra cash for the nation's coffers funds, with the freeze intensifying from April 6. Many who thought they would never pay it may now be caught. The pensions lifetime allowance is the maximum you can build up in personal and workplace pensions over your lifetime. It used to stand at a whopping £1.8 million, so only the wealthy got caught, but has been repeatedly slashed to today's £1,073,100. Last March, in his Budget, Sunak froze it at that level for five years, until at least the 2025/26 tax year. Many savers who think they are nowhere near the allowance are actually edging closer every year as they contribute more to their pension and its value rises. A sudden spike in share prices could tip them into dangerous tax territory. Suddenly, HM Revenue & Customs could lay claim to 55 percent of their pension funds that fall above the LTA. That's the most vicious tax rate in UK. READ MORE: New warning on Sunak’s horror 55% pension tax grab - worse from April The lifetime allowance does not measure how much you pay into a pension, but the total value of your pension wealth including decades of investment growth. Incredibly, this doesn’t just rob pensioners of their hard-earned money in retirement, it robs the Treasury too, says Pete Glancy, head of policy at pensions experts Scottish Widows. That's because it reduces the amount of money people saved into a pension, as they are terrified of exceeding the lifetime allowance and incurring that horror tax charge. “The Exchequer may get more tax revenues today, but the LTA robs the country of significant revenues in the long term.” Somebody with pension of £1,073,100 would be able to buy income of around £40,000 a year, he says. “You’d expect to pay about £5,400 a year in income tax on that.” DON'T MISS:Pensioners get 20% more income for life GUARANTEED from annuities [REVEAL]State pension - inflation gives Sunak excuse to axe triple lock [WARNING]Boost your pension savings by 66.7% INSTANTLY - claim free cash NOW [INSIGHT] However, if the same person carried on saving and increased their pension to £2 million, they would pay around £19,400 annually in income tax. That means they will be giving almost FOUR times as much in tax receipts to the Exchequer, Glancy calculates. “Over the typical 20-year retirement, the pensioner would have been robbed of an incredible £800,000 in retirement income.” The pension lifetime allowance would also have deprived the UK of £280,000 in tax revenue. “It’s a lose-lose policy and it needs to be reviewed,” Glancy says. This is yet another reason why the lifetime allowance needs a total overhaul. The tax is a disaster both for the millions who will pay it – and the country that is robbed of tax revenues as a result.