It’s got to be one of the most stupid, time-wasting exercises going on anywhere. Virginia Woolf’s novels have been translated into more than 50 languages. She was part of the Bloomsbury group of radical thinkers and writers from the early part of the last century. To judge people from the past without taking into account what was thought to be acceptable at the time is utterly ridiculous. It’s as though these woke campaigners are trying to time travel to adjust the way people thought and acted to modern standards. It’s a shame, but people who stand as local councillors are not always the brightest. Maybe there’s a crowd of them who actually believe they know what they’re doing. Local politics is very important: it often has more effect on us than any other political dealings. But episodes such as this suggest there’s maybe a wiser way, considering the majority of people who would be better at it are far too busy earning a living and paying tax to keep the country on its feet. What makes anti-vaxxers behave in such a ridiculous way? Tennis ace Novak Djokovic says he’s prepared to miss Wimbledon and other tournaments because he won’t allow anything he doesn’t understand into his body ‑ but still he insists he’s not anti-vaccine. Meanwhile, Canadian truckers seem to think they’re freedom fighters, protesting over plans to make the unjabbed quarantine if they re-enter the country? In reality, they’re just a bunch of anarchists trying to inflict their views on everyone else. People with similar views who join together think because there is more than one of them, their opinions over-rule the majority. Personally, I think you’d be pretty stupid to carry on refusing a Covid jab. How much more proof do these people want? It’s a shame there wasn’t such an outpouring of emotions over the Russians’ threatened invasion of the Ukraine, or the americans pulling out of Afghanistan, or the ridiculous European dictatorship that Remainers are trying to take us back in to, despite it being an organisation that wants to destroy the identity of individual nations. It’s ironic, but the antics of the so-called eco-warriors ‑ aka nutters ‑ seem to be turning the majority of people away from green issues. Hopefully now the Government will see sense and realise it isn’t a priority and relax some of the green taxes some people seem to think will save the planet. I’m sick of these activists trying to impose their views on everyone else. We live in a free country where you can think whatever you like. But if you try to prevent people doing what they believe in, you’ll have a fight on your hands. I’ve said many times, I believe the planet should be cleaned up. The oceans are too polluted and while Britain is getting better it still has a real problem. But the idea of saving Earth by halting fossil fuel use is ridiculous. Until we have done a bit of fracking and built more nuclear power stations, we won’t be self-sufficient with energy. And after the latest issues with fuel prices, maybe we need to look at a new way of supplying what we need and take it away from the commercial markets. The European dictatorship is claiming Britons are thick and didn’t realise what we were voting for when we chose Brexit. If that doesn’t prove that we did the right thing I don’t know what will. politicians in the EU clearly harbour very deep grudges against the uK as we have been more successful than any of them. Even the Germans ‑ who blossomed after we saved them from the nazis ‑ are starting to fall apart. The EU is no use at all. Its member states could do great deals with each other and support each other without the bureaucracy that is Brussels. Despite attempts at self-preservation, those bigoted bureaucrats have reached the end of the road. We can see that in their response to Covid and the Russian threat. I suggest the rest of Europe follows our lead and gracefully bows out. Teachers get more annoying by the day. Educating youngsters should be among the most respected and important of careers ‑ but it isn’t. And the reason is that it seems to attract the wrong sort of people. However, the rather skewed views on life that some teachers seem to have is happily coming to an end. Their promotion of organisations like Extinction rebellion, Insulate Britain and other woke groups in class will be banned by the Government. And about time too. Even in 2022, children leave school without the basic skills of reading, writing and calculation. We need to pay teachers more and treat them with respect, but we also need the right people in that profession. I hated school: I left when I was 16 and I was glad to do so. Academia is not for everyone and some teachers need to understand that. So Hugh Grant is endorsing an anti-Boris demonstration in London. Of course, everybody has the right to their opinion, but sometimes celebrities seem to think their opinions are more important than those of others. Maybe we should hold a march in support of Boris! There can’t have been a more difficult time for anyone to have been PM, yet all the criticism of him seems very immature. These so-called “stars” jumping on the “I hate Boris” bandwagon proves how little they know, but as long as they are allowed differing opinions democracy will survive. It’s when one side wants to dictate to the other and stop them going about their business that things get messy. So, well done Boris: you got us through the pandemic brilliantly, you got us out of the EU and you’re standing up to Putin and the russians’ bullying tactics. not bad for a bloke with flyaway hair. Being half Welsh, I keep an eye on what they’re doing in the country’s assembly. And I was appalled when I saw that, despite the fact that the economy of Wales is crashing, its government is giving youngsters £1,500 a month to do whatever they like. It really is time to think about devolution again. Stronger together? It certainly doesn’t seem to have done much good for various parts of the UK. Let's face it. Devolution isn’t one of the best things to have emerged from Wales. I prefer Sir Tom Jones and Katherine Jenkins. and my mother, of course. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea