If you have type 2 diabetes, your body is unable to process the amount of insulin it produces. This dysfunction is known as insulin resistance. The primary role of insulin is to regulate blood sugar. Stripped of this mechanism, blood sugar levels can soar, which in turn causes a wave of complications. Fortunately, insulin resistance can be improved and diet offers an effective means of achieving this. Research has discovered a number of winning components over the years. Research published in the Journal of Medicinal Food suggests eating a bread incorporated with fenugreek can deliver results. Fenugreek is a clover-like herb native to the Mediterranean region, southern Europe, and western Asia. READ MORE: Diabetes: The natural supplement that lowers 'after-meal' blood sugar levels by almost 30%  For the study, a bread incorporating fenugreek was tested for its taste acceptability and its effect on carbohydrate metabolism. Why carbohydrates? All carbs are broken down into blood glucose (sugar) relatively fast, causing spikes in blood sugar. Short of insulin, researchers look at foods which can help moderate the impact of carbs on glucose control. The researchers developed a fenugreek bread formula that was produced in a commercial bakery by incorporating fenugreek flour into a standard wheat bread formula. Whole wheat bread was prepared by the same formula in the same bakery using wheat flour. DON'T MISSMorgan Freeman health: 'It hasn't gotten better' - star's 'agony' [INSIGHT]Dementia: The smelly sign that may 'precede' memory loss [ADVICE]Diabetes: The spice known to lower blood sugar [TIPS] Eight diet-controlled diabetic subjects were served two slices (56 g) and five percent fenugreek. Blood glucose and insulin were tested periodically over a four-hour period after consumption. The tests were run on two occasions one week apart, once with the fenugreek bread and once with regular bread. The researchers found that the "fenugreek-containing bread was indistinguishable from the whole wheat bread control". This is significant because "normally, fenugreek flour impacts bread quality negatively", the researchers said. They concluded: "The bread maintained fenugreek's functional property of reducing insulin resistance. Acceptable baked products can be prepared with added fenugreek, which will reduce insulin resistance and treat type 2 diabetes." Diabetes UK explains: "If you do have diabetes, wholegrain foods are usually better for managing blood glucose levels because they tend to have a lower glycaemic index (GI)." This means they do not affect blood glucose levels as quickly as refined carbohydrate foods.  You should also cut back on the following: Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: