UPDATE TWO: The rumoured PS5 restock for today at Amazon has come and gone without any news stock dropping. However hopes have been raised that GAME could still release more stock this week. According to the ever reliable PS5 stock tracker account @PS5StockAlertUK, PS5 stock could become available to buy at GAME this week on Thursday February 17 or Friday February 18. A restock time of between 9am and 11.30am on these days is predicted at GAME. UPDATE: PS5 stock hunters in the UK may have a big day to look forward to. The PlayStation 5 is rumoured to be becoming available to buy once again this week at Amazon UK, with February 15 or February 16 restock dates predicted. The February 15 restock window has passed by, so the PlayStation 5 may instead become available to buy at Amazon UK on February 16. Elsewhere, GAME still currently lists its next batch of PS5 pre-orders as having a February 18 release date. So, if that's the case, the console may become available to pre-order once again on Wednesday or Thursday this week. ORIGINAL: PS5 stock could become available to buy at both Amazon UK and GAME this week. The ever-reliable @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter account has given an update on the PS5 UK stock situation for the week beginning Monday February 14. The in-demand PlayStation 5 console could become available to buy at Amazon UK on Tuesday February 15 or Wednesday February 16 between 8.30am and 9am UK time, while the GAME PS5 stock situation is more unclear. There is a chance that the PS5 GAME restock has been delayed, as the @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter account previously predicted a restock for between February 8 and February 10. This was based on GAME updating its website with more PS5 purchase options which have a pre-order release date of February 18. However, the rumoured restock window came and went without any PS5 orders going live on the GAME website. The @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter says this could mean the GAME drop has been pushed back, with higher hopes for an Amazon restock. The account tweeted: "GAME PS5 Restock Possibly Delayed But Amazon Drop Coming Soon. "Shipments or dates could be pushed back at GAME, with Amazon and other major retailers dropping next week." GAME PS5 ORDER PAGE  While in an article published online last week Stock Checker said: "Given that Very and Studio had a drop this week, this clearly indicates that February’s PS5 shipments by Sony are slowly making their way to UK retailers, indicating a possible restock by Amazon UK on either the 15th or 16th February around 8am-9:30am." Discussing the GAME PS5 stock situation, the article explained: "Usually, predicting GAME restocks isn’t difficult as the gaming retailer tends to restock PS5 consoles within 2 weeks before the release date shown on the bundles page, which indicated the possible chance between 8th-10th February. "It is not yet known as to why this prediction didn’t materialise, given the restock pattern GAME has stuck by for the last few months." It went on to add: "The other possibility is that shipments could be delayed, and GAME may not have received the consoles as they planned to, leading to a delay in the release of online pre-orders for PlayStation gamers." Despite the reported restock delay, the GAME website - at the time of writing - still lists its next batch of PS5 pre-order stock as having a release date of February 18. So there could still be a chance that GAME orders go live in the coming days. GAME restocks typically become available between 9am and 11.30am on the day that orders open up again. AMAZON PS5 ORDER PAGE  GAME has 29 different PS5 purchase options listed online, with individual Digital and Disc consoles set to become available to buy alongside bundles. PS5 bundles listed on the GAME website include accessories, clothing, PS Plus membership and games like FIFA 22 and Spider-Man Miles Morales. If you've never tried to bag a PS5 with a GAME restock there are a few things you need to know. Firstly, individual consoles tend to sell out the quickest so you'll have more of a chance of getting a PS5 order in if you head straight for a bundle.  Also, in the past PS5 stock hunters have had more joy trying to complete their order on the GAME website with Guest checkout instead of opting to login to their GAME account. This can help save precious amounts of time. And finally if you're able to it's best to tackle a GAME PS5 restock on multiple fronts. So that means trying to access the site when stock becomes available on your phone, laptop and / or tablet. If instead you're planning to buy a PS5 from Amazon with its next restock then there are a few things you need to know too. Firstly, Amazon Prime customers get 'priority' access with PS5 restocks so you'll need to be a member of this service to be in with a chance of getting a console.  If you're not already then you can sign up to a free trial by clicking here. Also, in the past some Amazon UK customers have had trouble getting a PS5 into their basket when stock became available. A trick to get round this is adding either a PS5 Disc or PS5 Digital console to your Amazon Wishlist. Once it comes in stock, if you're having trouble adding it to your basket on the usual listing, head to your wishlist and move it to your basket there. This in the past has helped Amazon UK customers get round any issues they were having. 