Emily Maitlis confirmed her exit from Newsnight in an emotional statement earlier today. Louise Minchin, who left the BBC last year, has reacted to the news on social media. Emily confirmed she was leaving the channel after 20 years earlier today on Twitter. The star admitted it was a “wrench” as she shared her plans for a new opportunity at Global. She penned: “Some work news - @BBCJonSopel and I are going to launch a brand new podcast with @Global, exec produced by @dinosofos. “It’s an amazing opportunity to do something we all love, and we are so thrilled Global is giving us this opportunity to be big and ambitious with this project. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death  “@dinosofos has been the powerhouse behind Brexitcast, Newscast and Americast, and we are delighted his new company @persephonica will be producing this major new podcast with Global. “Nevertheless, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after 20 phenomenal years. “I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there. “More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends.  “I owe my BBC colleagues everything.” In response, Louise wrote to the star with her well wishes. Replying in view of her 244,000 followers, she penned: “Congratulations.” The former BBC Breakfast presenter had announced her own exit back on June 8, 2021. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [VIDEO]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm [PICTURES]   She explained: “It will be this year, 20 years since I first presented this programme. “Since then, I’ve felt part of a huge, enormous BBC Breakfast family, which includes everyone who works here, everyone on the team, and every one of you who watched the programme. “I’ve loved being part of it, but - and there is a but - I have decided that it is time that I stopped setting my alarm for 3:40 - sometimes when I’m feeling very rebellious 3:46 in the morning - and I’m going to be leaving the programme. She added: “It is time now to stop that alarm early in the morning, and thank you for watching all these years as well.” Emily and Louise are only some of the big names who have confirmed they were stepping down from the Beeb. Andrew Marr also announced his exit back in November after 21 years.  Writing on Twitter, he said: “Personal announcement. After 21 years, I have decided to move on from the BBC. “l leave behind many happy memories and wonderful colleagues. “But from the New Year I am moving to Global to write and present political and cultural shows, and to write for newspapers.” Emma Gannon confirmed she would no longer be hosting Newsnight last month. While Oti Mabuse, a favourite on Strictly Come Dancing and Morning Live, confirmed she was leaving earlier today. The star is currently a judge on Dancing on Ice, where it’s expected she may return next year. 