Sir Elton John, 74, was left "shaken" on Monday, after his private jet was forced to make an emergency landing when the aircraft suffered hydraulic failure at 10,000ft. The plane aborted landing twice and had to make a U-turn while approaching the coast of southern Ireland. Witnesses described the sight as "horrible to see". According to The Sun, fire crews raced to Farnborough Airport in Hampshire, shortly after the £66million jet left for New York at 10.20am. Plumber Philip Thomson, who was there when the plane landed, recalled: "The terrible weather and epic gusts made it almost impossible to land. "Two attempts to touch down failed. READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation "The plane was being buffeted and couldn’t make it. "The aircraft’s nose was far too vertical." He added: "The plane was descending and was halfway along the runway when it gave up trying to hit the tarmac. "It soared back in the air." He said a "crowd had gathered after word went around that Elton was in difficulty" and as the pilot attempted to land the plane again, the storm "was doing its worst". Philip continued: "The airport's windsock was horizontal and the aircraft was being rocked from side to side by the wind. "The pilot made a valiant attempt to get down with the jet 'crabbing' into the storm, but it didn’t make it and had to head back upwards. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] "It was only at the third attempt to land that the plane got down. "The pilot made a flatter approach and the wind had dropped slightly. "Everyone watching was mightily relieved." Elton was on his way to perform at Madison Square Garden. The gig was part of his global Farewell Yellow Brick Road Tour. But despite the scary ordeal, he luckily managed to catch another flight to the US just hours later.