If you're a PS Plus subscriber then there's good news and bad news ahead of the March 2022 content update. The good news is that the next batch of games will be available to download and install from March 1. The bad news is that the current crop of games will disappear forever on this same date. While there's no official launch time, the March free PS4 and PS5 games should be available from around 10am GMT on March 1. The PS4 and PS5 games will remain part of the PlayStation Plus line-up until the morning of April 5, giving fans plenty of time to download. The new games include Ark: Survival Evolved and Team Sonic Racing on PS4, as well as Ghostrunner on PS5. As an added bonus, Ghost of Tsushima Legends is also joining PS Plus in March 2022. "Ghost of Tsushima’s standalone, cooperative multiplayer experience is inspired by Japanese folk tales and mythology," reads the official description. "Choose from four unique classes – Samurai, Hunter, Ronin or Assassin – and invite friends or use online matchmaking to fight side-by-side as legends in four exciting game modes. "Pair up to progress through the Story missions, gather three other players to take on Survival or go two versus two in the competitive Rivals." While Ghost of Tsushima is the highest profile new game, Ghostrunner is my personal favourite. A speedrunner's dream, the game sees players run, jump, slide and slash their way through elaborate stages. "Wield a blade and perform amazing parkour feats to battle your way up a megastructure tower city in this intense, fast-paced first-person adventure. Slice your enemies with a monomolecular katana, dodge bullets with your superhuman reflexes, and employ a variety of specialized techniques to prevail. "One-hit one-kill mechanics make combat fast and intense. Use your superior mobility (and frequent checkpoints!) to engage in a fearless, never-ending dance with death." The PS5 version features speedier loading times, as well as haptic feedback and other DualSense features. A speedrunner's dream, the game sees players run, jump, slide and slash their way through elaborate stages. "Wield a blade and perform amazing parkour feats to battle your way up a megastructure tower city in this intense, fast-paced first-person adventure. Slice your enemies with a monomolecular katana, dodge bullets with your superhuman reflexes, and employ a variety of specialized techniques to prevail. "One-hit one-kill mechanics make combat fast and intense. Use your superior mobility (and frequent checkpoints!) to engage in a fearless, never-ending dance with death." The PS5 version features speedier loading times, as well as haptic feedback and other DualSense features. As the timer counts down to the release of the new games for March, subscribers should be warned that the February 2022 free games are about to leave the service. This means that after March 1, members will no longer be able to redeem EA Sports UFC 4, Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon's Keep and Planet Coaster. If you're not currently subscribed but still want to download the free games for February and March, then you might want to visit ShopTo. As you can see from the link above, the online retailer is currently selling 12-month PS Plus subscriptions for £41.85, which is down from the £49.99 it would cost to purchase the same subscription from Sony. As a digital purchase, the subscription can be activated immediately, meaning you'll have just enough time to purchase both sets of games.