Russian MP Vyacheslav Nikonov lost it with Sky News presenter Jayne Secker after she pointed out Ukranians are "terrified" of a potential Russian invasion. Ms Secker said: "We've got correspondents in Donetsk and Luhansk at the moment. We have asked the people what they feel and they've told us they're terrified and they've had to leave their menfolk behind. "They're terrified of a Russian invasion." Mr Nikonov retorted: "A Russian invasion? Come on, I don't think you were there. "I've visited the place many times and I do know the feelings of the people. "Unfortunately the problem we're facing when dealing with the western media is you believe your own propaganda. That would never happen in Russia. READ MORE: Scholz pulls plug on Nord Stream 2 in retaliation for Russia hostility "My suggestion is don't do that because that's just all forced. "There are four million people living there." Ms Secker interjected: "The fact of the matter is whether they deserve independence or not, it's got nothing to do with you because you're not Ukrainian. "If an independent part of Ukraine wishes to become independent that's on them, isn't it? It's got nothing to do with Russia."  It comes as Vladimir Putin appears "bent on a full-scale invasion" of Ukraine, Boris Johnson warned as he vowed to swiftly introduce the "first barrage" of sanctions against Russia. The Prime Minister said on Tuesday that the Russian president had "completely torn up international law" and is seemingly intent on capturing the capital of Kyiv. Mr Johnson's response came as allies sought to punish Moscow after the Kremlin ordered troops into two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine, allegedly to carry out "peacekeeping" duties. The dramatic escalation came after Mr Putin recognised the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in the Donbas as independent states. DON'T MISS Merkel slammed as Scholz CUTS Putin's gas pipeline [INSIGHT]What took you so long?! Boris praises Germany for FINALLY listening [BREAKING]Moving into light at the end of a very long tunnel - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] After chairing an early morning emergency meeting of the Cobra committee, Mr Johnson said he would later reveal sanctions against entities in Russia and the Donbas. "This is I should stress just the first barrage of UK economic sanctions against Russia because we expect I'm afraid that there is more Russian irrational behaviour to come," he told broadcasters. "I'm afraid all the evidence is that President Putin is indeed bent on a full-scale invasion of the Ukraine, the overrunning, the subjugation of an independent, sovereign European country and I think, let's be absolutely clear, that will be absolutely catastrophic." In a sign the situation could deteriorate even further, Russia said its recognition of independence for the areas in east Ukraine also extends to territories currently held by the forces of the Kiev government.