Jean (played by Gillian Wright) has been enjoying a whirlwind romance with Harvey (Ross Boatman) recently on EastEnders, with the pair planning a holiday during next week's episodes of the BBC soap. At the moment, the only hurdles standing in their way are Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), who is sure her mother isn't ready for a relationship, and the impact of Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham) being jailed on terrorism charges. The new couple are determined to make a go of things no matter what comes their way but things could change if a face from the past turns up in Walford in the form of Dana's (Barbara Smith) mother, who hasn't been seen for years. Since arriving on the Square last year, the Monroes have spoken about the missing member of their family on several occasions. Dana has mentioned her in relation to the trouble she was facing with her relationship to Bobby Beale (Clay Milner Russell) as she felt her father was being too protective over her. Aaron has also dredged up his mother with regards to how he was able to fall into the far-right group because he never had a parental figure directing him in life. Most recently, the Monroe's mother was mentioned when Harvey explained she had suffered from mental health problems before leaving the family home when the children were younger. This is what brought him closer to Jean so it could be crushing for the Slater matriarch to be pushed out of the picture if the absent character were to suddenly appear again. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap The Monroe's mother would have a lot of explaining to do as to why she has not been in touch for years and where she has been in that time. Of course, although Harvey is in a relationship with Jean, he would want to spend some time with his ex-wife to get answers. This would take the pair on a trip down memory lane as they remember what it was like being a family before she left the picture. What could also happen is some old, long-harboured feelings for his ex-wife could start to bubble to the surface for Harvey. He could realise he has never really got over his first love and not wanting to lose her again, he could agree to give their marriage another chance. Unfortunately, this means Jean's heart would be left in tatters as she would have opened up her heart again after years of being on her own. Stacey could also be on the warpath, knowing full well something like this would happen and her mother would be pushed to the side. Harvey would explain he never expected his ex-wife to turn up and change his world again but he couldn't let the chance to reunite get away from him. Although, the Monroe's mother could have changed since the days she was married to Harvey and she would find herself admiring the other men living in Walford. Will Dana's father be left heartbroken as he realises he has lost both the women he has ever loved in his life? DON'T MISS...Jamie Brothwick: EastEnders star reveals 'really bad' condition [COMMENT]Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [COMMENT]Adam Woodyatt rakes in £2.5m as ex-wife ‘relies on food handouts’ [COMMENT] The actress who plays Dana, Barbara, has spoken out on the missing Monroe character and has expressed her desire for her alter-ego's mother to turn up sometime in the future. Barbara said: "I'm desperate to meet Dana's mum. I think we'd learn a lot about Dana if we saw her interact with her mum, and I think she harbours a lot of resentment. "Whoever plays her would need to do a great East End accent. If I could choose anyone, it'd be Olivia Colman because she's amazing. "I did a radio play with her when I was 11, before she's gone to Hollywood, and she was so great," the actress told Inside Soap. As the soap star suggested, things could be difficult for her character and mother to bond as Dana was so small when she left. The newcomer would want the chance to explain herself to her daughter as she would want to make things up to her for being an absent figure in her life. She would want the mother-daughter relationship she should have had with Dana when she was growing up but she has missed out on so many years. This could be hard for Dana to comprehend as she has had to become a woman without having a female figure to turn to. With Harvey dating Jean recently, she could have started to see the Slater matriarch as someone she could confide in and seek advice from. The youngster could be willing to give things a go after much persuasion but she would be left furious if she were to discover what her mother had done to Harvey. Angry for letting Harvey believe there was a chance, Dana could reprimand her mother and instruct her to leave the Square. This would have been the newcomer's one and only chance to repair the past but she would have blown her chances. However, if she finds herself romantically involved with another Walford resident, it could seem she is going to stick around. Unable to get rid of her mother, will Dana and Harvey be willing to live in the same place as her or will they be the ones to leave? EastEnders continues Monday at 8pm on BBC One.