The Queen cancelled two virtual audiences scheduled to take place today, Buckingham Palace has confirmed. These engagements will be rescheduled at a later date, yet to be announced. A spokesman said: "Her Majesty is continuing with light duties." These cancellations cleared the Queen's schedule for the rest of the week. This latest development sparked fears and concerns among royal fans. One, @jackies63, wrote on Twitter: "It sounds like she is feeling unwell. Scary". A second, @loveforcambridg, wrote: "Oh no! I hope she will get better soon". Another, @CaroleLoveland6, added: "Hope Her Majesty gets well soon. My thoughts and prayers are with HM and her family at this time". Others feel the 95-year-old monarch should rest for a few days to fully recover. Among them, @ClaireLPatty wrote: "She shouldn’t be doing any duties but resting up x." READ MORE: 'Same bond!' Frenzy erupts as Harry's secret exposed And another, @Sally97521224, wrote: "To be fair the rest of us had 10 days off work when we had Covid. I hope HMTQ feels better soon." This is the second time this week the sovereign has cancelled engagements. Much like this morning, Buckingham Palace announced the Queen would not hold the remote audiences planned for the day on Tuesday. The announcement at the time read: "As Her Majesty is still experiencing mild cold-like symptoms she has decided not to undertake her planned virtual engagements today, but will continue with light duties."  Light duties include dealing with the daily red boxes sent to the Queen to view - and when needed sign off. These include official documents regarding the country or the Commonwealth. While she hasn't taken part in remote audiences, the monarch has also signed off two statements this week. First, hours after the palace announced she had caught Covid, Her Majesty issued a statement congratulating the male and female curling teams on their medals gained at the Winter Olympics. On Monday, she delivered another statement, this time expressing her sadness at the devastation and death caused by floods in Brazil earlier this month.  Most poignantly, on Wednesday evening the Queen was well enough to hold her audience with the Prime Minister. Upon first sharing news the monarch had caught Covid on Sunday, the palace stressed she was experiencing a mild bout of the illness. The statement read: "Buckingham Palace confirm that The Queen has today tested positive for Covid. "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week. "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines." The Queen is the latest key member of a royal family in Europe to be battling Covid. Just earlier this month, her Danish counterpart Queen Margrethe II was diagnosed with a mild bout of the virus. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, also suffered from coronavirus earlier this month, but have since resumed their full duties.