Sky’s adaptation of Deborah Harkness’ epic fantasy trilogy has now wrapped up the third and final season bringing the war between witches, vampires and demons to a close. As A Discovery of Witches fans digest the emotional last moments of the series finale, Diana Bishop star Teresa Palmer revealed some behind-the-scenes secrets. She confirmed her son, Bodhi, helped her develop one of the most important parts of her character in the series. As one of the world’s most powerful weavers, Diana eventually learns how to tie the fabled tenth knot and bring unity to the magical world. Teresa explained she wasn’t alone when it came to lifting Diana from the pages of Deborah’s bestselling series and had help to develop her signature spell-casting. Speaking at a fan event, she recalled: “I had a great coach, actually. I call her my Magic Coach, Sarah Perry. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life “It was like learning darts. I had print-outs, and we talked about the shapes of the knots, the little bows. Each one was very intricate and detailed. “She would say to me ‘much like learning a second language, you have to go home and you have to practice.’” Teresa did as much work off-camera to embody the role as she did during her performance on-set. Studying witchcraft at home, she had a lot of help from her now eight-year-old first son with husband Mark Webber, Bodhi Rain Palmer. Teresa recalled: “I would be at home with my kids, sitting on the couch, doing my little knots. “My son, Bodhi, actually helped me learn them which was really sweet.” But when she was on set, Sarah would bring physical knots onto the set to help her practice. Fortunately, only Teresa and Sarah were familiar with Diana’s weaving so it was harder for others to spot mistakes. DON'T MISS:Dan Walker ‘blindsides’ Truss with Russian donor pic [DEBATE]Power Book 4 star teases Diamond and Jenard rematch [EXCLUSIVE]Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped [INSIGHT] “The good news is that I was the only one that knew what the knots were meant to look like, besides Sarah,” she revealed. “So, on the day, if I messed up, I would just sort of do something, and everyone’s like, ‘oh, wow, yeah, that looks really great.' But I knew that I had messed up on a knot.” Thankfully, even the most diehard fans weren’t able to spot any mistakes, and Teresa’s performance as Diana is sure to go down as one of the most iconic screen witches of the past few years. Diana’s story may be over, but there are still two more novels in Deborah’s follow-up to her All Souls trilogy in the works. Actress Teresa will reunite with her Gallowglass co-star Steven Cree in upcoming horror movie, The Twin. However, her knot-weaving skills will certainly come in handy if Sky ever decides to resurrect the series. A Discovery of Witches is available to stream on Sky Max and NOW in the UK and AMC and Amazon Prime Video in the USA.