The 2022 Tripadvisor Travellers’ Choice awards have named the best beaches in Europe. The awards are based on reviews shared on the website. British people might picture a Spanish or Greek beach when they imagine Europe’s best beach. But according to the new awards, they won’t have to travel so far afield for an amazing beach this year. Beautiful Bamburgh Beach in Northumberland was ranked as the eighth best beach in Europe. The stunning beach is popular with dog walkers and hikers although could be used for sunbathing in summer. READ MORE: British expat shares why living in Spain 'can be hard' The beach scores an incredible 5.0 on Tripadvisor with 205 of its 233 reviews ranking Bamburgh as excellent. Another 26 reviews scored the beach as very good, while the one terrible review was more focused on parking options. One reviewer said: “This is what comes to mind when you think of Northumberland beaches. “The sea is clean and rough and the wind lets you know it’s there. There were many walkers there and many dogs. “What a great way to spend a couple of hours.” Another reviewer said: “Cannot think of a better beach, but I have been to some where there is more sunshine.” Northumberland might not be known for sunny weather, but there’s still plenty of reason for staycation tourists to visit. Another reviewer said: “A wonderful long sandy beach backed by dunes and with the imposing Bamburgh castle in view. “You can see why this beach is popular with people enjoying their walks. Would certainly return again if in Northumberland.” Christine Magure, VP of Global Media Business at Tripadvisor, said: “We know a perfect day at the beach looks different from one person to the next. “Some love classic soft white sand and sunbathing, while others love exploring rocky coves. “This list has something for everyone, because it was determined by the millions of different travellers all over the world reviewing their favourite beaches on Tripadvisor throughout 2021. “Although last year was still far from ‘normal’, these are the beaches travellers visited and loved more than any others.” Only one British beach was ranked higher than Bamburgh, Luskentyre on the Isle of Harris which ranked seventh. The best beach in Europe according to the awards was Spiaggia dei Conigli (Rabbit Beach) on the Italian island of Lampedusa. Beaches in Spain, Portugal, Cyprus and Greece also made the top 10 rankings while Porthminster Beach in Cornwall was just outside in 11th place. 