Streaming services like Netflix, Disney+ and Prime Video have had an enormous impact on the number of people downloading films and series illegally. The convenience of legitimate streaming platforms – which allow viewers to cancel at any time, charge a relatively low monthly fee, and have dozens of apps available to stream or download shows on any gadget – has turned huge swathes of people away from illicit methods, like The Pirate Bay. Research conducted by London-based market research firm Ampere Analytics back in 2019 showed a steady drop in piracy rates in the US, UK, France, and Spain as people subscribed to Netflix and its rivals. Spain – a country known for its high rates of video piracy – saw a 47 percent increase in the use of streaming services, like Netflix and Prime Video, in three years to 2019. In the same period, illegal downloads and piracy dropped by 45 percent. Other European nations followed similar patterns. However, the tide could be turning once again. The simple appeal of streaming services can be diluted as more and more platforms launch. Each of these services offers exclusive boxsets and films commissioned by its own internal teams as well as the usual selection of syndicated content, which often moves between rival services throughout the year as licensing agreements come to an end. With so many new shows releasing from Netflix, Prime Video, Apple TV+, Disney+, BritBox, Shudder, StarzPlay, discovery+, NOW, and more... streaming services are no longer a convenient one-stop-shop. Unlike music, which sees an almost identical catalogue of songs available from Spotify, Amazon Music Unlimited, TiDAL, Deezer, and Apple Music – with these services instead competing on unique features like Dolby Atmos, lossless audio quality, podcast integration, music videos, and more, each video on-demand service has a very different lineup from its competitors. So, many people will want to subscribe to multiple platforms. While individually, each of these streaming services seems like a bargain, in aggregate, monthly bills can soon become eye-waveringly expensive. Subscribing to Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video costs over £220 a year. And now Tesla CEO and SpaceX co-founder Elon Musk has mockingly suggested that illicit methods, like The Pirate Bay, now hold more appeal than legitimate avenues, like Netflix and Prime Video. The entrepreneur, who is estimated to be worth $200 billion (£149 billion), has tweeted a version of the distracted boyfriend meme to suggest, while he once turned away from piracy due to Netflix, his head is being turned by The Pirate Bay once again. “Entertainment is becoming a username/password/2FA nightmare,” he tweeted alongside the image. 2FA refers to two-factor authentication, which is an additional security measures that protects your account – even if your username and password are known by hackers. As well as a correct password, you'll need to input a randomly-generated code, which can be sent to your smartphone via text, for example. The tweet stops short of confirming whether Elon Musk himself relies on piracy. However, it does show his dissatisfaction with the current streaming landscape. The multi-billionaire also liked another meme tweeted to him from another user, which shows a cartoon character retiring his pirate hat after discovering Netflix in 2012, only to dust-off the garment in 2019 due to the "exclusive content" from Netflix, Prime Video, Apple TV+ and its counterparts. READ MORE LIKE THISBest Sky TV DealsBest VPN For Streaming A number of platforms, like Sky and Virgin Media, are striving to become the go-to aggregators in this fractured streaming environment. Sky Q and Sky Glass viewers enjoy a Netflix subscription bundled as part of the entry-level subscription tier and can add Disney+ to their monthly bills too, with content from both of these streaming services as well as Prime Video and Apple TV+ unified in a single menu. Unfortunately, illicit download hubs – like The Pirate Bay – can be a one-stop shop for exclusive boxsets and films from all streaming services as well as new releases in the multiplexes and paid-for satellite channels. Of course, anyone accessing copyright-protected material for free without permission from the rightsholders is breaking the law. Contrary to popular belief, there is no distinction between steaming or downloading the content.