Teenage sensation Carlos Alcaraz already has one up on Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer, having recently accomplished something at the Rio Open which neither of the duo ever have. The Spaniard, often dubbed 'the next Rafael Nadal', also reached his latest milestone in the wake of his Rio triumph, edging into the world's top 20. After narrowly losing out to eventual semi-finalist Matteo Berrettini at the Australian Open in a five-set marathon, Alcaraz bounced back promptly in Brazil. The 18-year-old lost the first set of his tournament campaign, before powering through to the final and avenging his loss to Berrettini en route. Once there, he overcame former champion Diego Schwartzman thanks to a dominant display, wasting no time in taking the match 6-4 6-2. Alcaraz's win was his first at an ATP 500 event, and being on clay, it represents something neither Federer nor Djokovic have ever done. READ MORE: Andy Murray details why he won't retire as he discusses plans after 'satisfying' Dubai win  Despite boasting a whopping 40 Grand Slam titles between them, neither superstar has claimed an ATP 500 title on clay, with 'big three' rival Nadal the undisputed king of his favoured surface. Alcaraz has plenty more in common with his compatriot, and his foray into the world's top 20 made him the youngest to do so since Nadal himself back in 2005. At 18 years and 291 days old, Alcaraz became only the 18th player ever to reach the top 20 before celebrating his 19th birthday. His latest exploits reinforce the notion that he is destined to pose a challenge to the sport's established elite. Last year, he powered all the way to the US Open quarter-finals, toppling current world No 4 Stefanos Tsitsipas in the process. In just 12 months, he has advanced from being well outside the world's top 100 to inside the top 20, and his post-match comments in Rio suggest that his upward momentum may only keep building. "In a Masters there are the best players in the world, but I’m ready to move to this level," he claimed. "I’m feeling good, and believing in myself, so I think I’m ready." Defeated finalist Schwartzman concurred after being blown away in one hour and 24 minutes. "He is very impressive at only 18," said the Argentine. "He is not only the future, he is already the present. He's going to do great things in tennis."