The most recent data from the RAC Foundation shows petrol prices have reached an average price of 149.3p per litre. The average cost of a litre of diesel also continues to rise at 152.68p, with both prices continuing the pattern of record costs. Global oil prices have also hit a significant milestone, reaching $101.25 (£75.16), the highest price in seven years, with fears this will only lead to petrol and diesel prices rising. The RAC estimated this would push the price of a litre of petrol in the UK to £1.70 in another blow to drivers. It is estimated that oil prices could reach $140 (£103.93), with the Telegraph reporting that the cost of energy bills would also increase. Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokesperson, has warned drivers to expect prices to rise further as the uncertainty in Ukraine continues. READ MORE: Today at the Caravan Show looks at a 'stunning' £750k static caravan He said: “Russia's decision to invade Ukraine is already causing oil prices to rise and will undoubtedly send fuel prices inexorably higher towards the grim milestone of £1.50 a litre. “The price of oil is likely to go above $100 and stay there on the back of traders fearing future disruptions in supply. “This spells bad news for drivers in the UK struggling to afford to put fuel in their cars. "With retailers quick to pass on any wholesale price rises they experience, we could sadly see the average price of unleaded hit £1.50 in the next few days and diesel approaching £1.54.” DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel prices hit new record high as drivers warned [WARNING]Used car prices hit all-time high as costs could continue to rise [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers warned of pre-MOT checks before March test surge [INSIGHT] RAC Fuel Watch data shows that the price of both unleaded and super unleaded petrol is “likely to rise”. Super unleaded stands at an average price of 161.83p per litre, with “no change forecast” for diesel. The UK only gets six percent of its crude oil and five percent of its gas from Russia, but there are concerns sanctions could constrict supplies and drive up prices worldwide. Speaking last week, Gordon Balmer, Executive Director of the Petrol Retailers Association, said that fuel prices depended on a number of factors. He said: “As it has been widely publicised, the tensions between Russia and Ukraine have pushed the price of oil to a seven-year high. “As the situation unfolds over the coming days, the price of oil will be subject to further volatility. “Other key factors to consider include continued tightness in the oil market and the Dollar-Sterling exchange rate. “The PRA, which represents independent retailers, will continue to ensure that the price of fuel is as competitive as possible.” Drivers may be able to save some money at the pumps in the coming days with a major supermarket chain offering 7p off per litre. Morrisons are offering its customers the opportunity to save 7p per litre when they spend more than £40 in their shops. The offer can be redeemed until Sunday March 6, although customers will only be able to obtain a coupon until February 27.