Tiger Woods has provided a fresh update on his rehabilitation from a horrific crash last year. The 15-time major winner says he still has a long way to go and said that he is in fact behind schedule in his recovery. The golf legend suffered extensive leg injuries after his car veered off the road at around 87mph last February in Los Angeles. He was extricated from the horrific wreckage by police and firefighters and remained in hospital for two months. It has been a long road back for Woods, recovering from breaks to his right leg and further injuries to both his foot and ankle. He feared his leg may have to be amputated, but after successful surgery on open fractures to his lower right leg and further injuries, the American was able to recover and walk again, as well as return to the golf course which looked unlikely at one point. While he did admit late last year that his career as a full-time golfer has come to an end, he is still keen to play in some tournaments. JUST IN: Collin Morikawa snubs Saudi Golf League to pursue Tiger Woods goal  But the wait for fans to see the sporting legend return to the PGA Tour is set to continue.   Woods made a return to the sport at the Father/Son PNC Championship at the Ritz-Carlton Golf Club in Orlando alongside his son Charlie last December. But the five-time Masters champion has admitted he is still not physically capable of playing several days of competitive golf on the PGA Tour. "I have seen progress, I am a lot stronger than I was. I can play weekend warrior golf, that's easy, but to be able to be out here and play six rounds of golf - practice round, pro-am, four competitive days - I'm not able to do that yet,” Woods added. "I can walk on a treadmill all day, that's easy, there's no bumps in the road. But walking on a golf course where there's undulations... I have a long way to go.  "Each and every day is a fight and I welcome that fight. Get up in the morning and let's go a few more rounds.” Woods said he would be able to physically participate in the pre-tournament par-three contest ahead of the Masters on April 6. "I can do that now," he added. "Whether I do that or not, I don't know." Woods has not featured on the PGA Tour since The Masters in 2020, which had rescheduled from April to November, where he finished tied for 38th.