  Ruth Langsford has taken “solace in her work” after her sister took her own life back in 2019, her husband Eamonn Holmes has confirmed. The ex-This Morning presenter described how “proud” he was of his former on-screen partner in spite of her having a “tough few years”.       Ruth, 61, has been a recognisable face on ITV for over two decades and has presented a number of programmes in her long career, including Loose Women, This Morning and Do the Right Thing. Her husband Eamonn, 62, has presented alongside Ruth on the latter two shows and has been beside her for most of her on-screen career. However, Eammon has admitted that it hasn’t always been easy for Ruth in spite of her success. “It's been a tough few years,” the journalist admitted in an interview with Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement     According to the publication, Ruth's sister, Julia, took her own life in 2019 after suffering long-term mental health problems. “She was her only sibling and they were very close,” Eamonn continued in the chat last Saturday. “I'm proud she's been able to take comfort and solace in work.” The star has apparently also been worrying about his own mortality, as his father died at the age of 64 - just two years older than Eamonn is currently.      Confessing to a degree of “maudlin Irish fatalism”, the presenter expressed that he would happily wave goodbye to such uncomfortably early wake-up times now that he’s getting older. Ruth and Eamonn hosted This Morning on Fridays and during school holidays from 2006 until last December. It was announced that the pair, who have been married since 2010, would be leaving This Morning late last year. Eamonn has since moved on to rival broadcaster GB News, while Ruth remains on ITV as an anchor for Loose Women. READ MORE... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST] Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [NEWS] John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS]      Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary moved in as the husband and wife team’s permanent replacements, presenting the Friday show since January of last year. Ruth started working for ITV 23 years ago and was made a permanent presenter on This Morning alongside Phillip Schofield in 2006. Later that year, husband Eamonn was signed up to present alongside her on Fridays. Phillip and his on-screen partner Holly Willoughby continue to present the main show from Monday to Thursday.     While Ruth and Eamonn only tied the knot in 2010, they met in 1997 through a mutual friend with Eamonn claiming it was “love at first sight”. The couple share one son, Jack Alexander, who was born in 2002. Eamonn has three other children from his first marriage to ex-wife Gabrielle Holmes, including daughter Rebecca and sons Declan and Niall. If you're struggling and need to talk, the Samaritans operate a free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. Alternatively, you can email jo@samaritans.org or visit their site to find your local branch.  