Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has fired a thinly-veiled message to Romelu Lukaku as he praised Kai Havertz for his role in the Blues’ defeat of Lille. Lukaku was dropped to the bench for the Champions League last 16 clash having been out of form in recent weeks. That run of poor performances culminated in a dire display at Crystal Palace, where he had just seven touches. As a result, Havertz was shifted from the left wing to lead the line, with Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech playing behind him. It was a decision that proved to be a masterstroke, with Havertz scoring once and putting in a fine performance to help Chelsea to take command of the tie. While Lukaku is on a run of four Premier League games without scoring, it took Havertz just eight minutes to find the back of the net. After forcing Leo Jardim into a save, the German got on the end of Ziyech’s resulting corner to beat the Lille keeper with a downward header. JUST IN: Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer That goal set Chelsea are their way to a 2-0 win at Stamford Bridge, with Pulisic adding one of his own in the second-half. It puts the Blues in control of the last 16 clash, with the second leg to come at the Stade Pierre Mauroy in three weeks’ time. Havertz’ performance was key to the win and stood in stark contrast to Lukaku’s at Selhurst Park, with the German having 47 touches in total. It appears that the difference in performance levels was not lost on Tuchel, who sent a message to Lukaku as he praised Havertz after the game. DON'T MISS: Glenn Hoddle slams Chelsea star Romelu Lukaku for 'stupid' antics (INSIGHT)Chelsea boss Tuchel explains reason behind dropping Lukaku (NEWS)Ajax star speaks out on future as Man Utd, Chelsea and Liverpool eye (TRANSFERS) The Chelsea boss chose to highlight the work-rate and effort that Havertz, both in defence and attack. “Kai really steps up. The effort is immense, the workrate is immense, the areas of the pitch he covers for us,” Tuchel said. “He was very good was decisive, was never shy of defending. We had an aggressive high line today with Hakim and our offensive players. “It was a formation to have intensity and a high workrate consistently throughout the whole match and they did very good.” With the comments about Havertz’ effort and workrate, Tuchel was sending a thinly-veiled warning to Lukaku that he needs to step up his performances. Tuchel has also been left with a major decision to make for Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Liverpool. Lukaku would normally be the first choice, but having performed so poorly in recent weeks, his position could be under threat. And with Havertz having turned in a fine display against Lille, he would appear to be the favourite to keep his place at the spearhead of Chelsea’s attack.