In pictures shared by TMZ, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were seen sharing a meal with Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank in Santa Barbara over the weekend. The foursome were snapped dining inside a covered and heated outdoor patio in the local area.   The royals were in high spirits and all were pictured laughing at each other's stories. The former actress donned an oversized white pantsuit while Eugenie wore a stunning black sequin jumpsuit. This comes as the 37-year-old Prince was photographed attending the Super Bowl with his cousin Eugenie just last week, prompting assumptions the Queen’s granddaughter is visiting for an extended period. Harry and Meghan’s daughter Lilibet is likely to have had her first royal visit as reports state Eugenie is being hosted by Harry at his home in Montecito, the Telegraph claimed. READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' The broadsheet also stated that Jack and one-year-old son August spent time with Meghan, Archie and Lilibet, during the Super Bowl. Lilibet, who was born 8 months ago in California, is yet to be brought over to England to meet her family and recent reports reveal the Sussexes may not be travelling over for the Platinum Jubilee due to safety concerns. While Harry and Meghan stepped away from the Royal Family in spring 2020, it is known the couple share a close bond with Princess Eugenie. Harry and his cousin have been close since childhood as both their mothers, the late Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson, were close friends and who spent plenty of time together. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: William and Kate to clash in battle for pride [LIVE]'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can [INSIGHT]The Queen’s usual eating habits exposed [REVEAL]  Insiders claim out of all the Queen's grandchildren, Harry and Eugenie, with only six years between them, have the “most natural connection” and are the “closest of friends”. The two times Harry has returned to the UK from the US he has stayed with Eugenie and Jack in Frogmore Cottage. Meghan once revealed the foursome went out once before in 2016 when they snuck out on Halloween in Toronto. Speaking to Ellen DeGeneres about the night, Meghan stated: “He came to see me in Toronto and our friends and his cousin Eugenie and now her husband Jack, they came as well. “And the four of us snuck out in Halloween costumes to just have one fun night on the town before it was out in the world that we were a couple.”  