Danni Menzies has been a staple on A Place in the Sun since 2016 and during that time the Channel 4 presenter has helped many house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. Despite recently announcing her plans to leave the show, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Danni explained there were lots of tears from her house hunters during the latest series. “There's a lot of emotion," the expert admitted as she discussed the property searches. "And yeah, it’s really nice when you get people who have wanted to do it forever and they’re finally taking the leap.” Recalling one property search, in particular, Danni continued: “There was a lovely couple of sisters. “They were dog mad, and it was a really good, fun week. I think one of them has been through quite a lot, so it meant, even more, to actually be making it happen." READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' “There was a bit of a moment where there were some tears but sort of happy tears,” the presenter added. “Maybe just sort of reflecting a bit on what has happened in the past and the fact that they were finally there. “I think one of them had a health scare on one of the shows and on one of the other shows one had lost their son. “So, it was a really big deal standing in the property imagining all the family there. Yeah, there was a lot of emotion.” The presenters are often faced with many hurdles while filming for the property programme, especially when the search doesn't go to plan. Danni went on to admit, it can get "stressful" at times when they struggle to meet the house hunters' criteria. “We cut to the house hunters when we are viewing a property, putting it all together,” she said. "And we try to kind of predict what they might think or say or a feel where we actually see it." DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [INSIGHT]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] “We have the properties you see on the show, but we also have a backup selection as well," the 33-year-old added. “There is sometimes a scramble to change how we film things in order to do the best by the house hunters. “Sometimes we have some good back-ups and sometimes we have to make some phone calls late at night." Earlier this month, Danni confirmed she would be leaving A Place in the Sun after six years.  The presenter has decided to step away from her role to focus on more projects closer to home. In a statement shared with Express.co.uk, Danni said: "After six years on the show and about a hundred shows filmed I’ve decided to hang up my summer dresses. The show has been such a huge part my life and I’d just like to thank and send love to all of the wonderful people I’ve met on this journey who made it so special. "A huge thank you also to the incredible team at Freeform Productions who I have never appreciated more than the last two years as they kept the show on the road despite the fact that covid made travel a huge obstacle. What a team! "I will never forget the day I got the call for the call for this opportunity and I will always be so grateful for it. It’s been an absolute blast! SO many lovely people, places and special memories." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.