Cher hit fame in the 1960s due to her work with Sonny Bono. You would think that between those early days and now, she might have lost steam. But that’s not the case. Thanks to the 75-year-old's healthy lifestyle, the star is still doing sell-out solo tours where her fans get a chance to marvel at her energy. She told Hello! Magazine that she has a fitness trainer who doesn’t let her “play the age card,” and who she works out with five times a week. She said: “I’ve killed myself in the gym to have this body. It isn’t like I have some amazing secret that nobody else has.” Endurance exercise helps to protect the body’s metabolism, the process of turning food into energy, said Harvard Medical School. The university stated: “It [endurance exercise] reduces body fat, sensitises the body's tissues to insulin, and lowers blood sugar levels.  “Exercise boosts the HDL ("good") cholesterol and lowers levels of LDL ("bad") cholesterol and triglycerides.” Cher also told Hello! she doesn’t eat meat. “I don’t like meat and so most of things that I like are healthy for you, apart from desserts,” she said. Although researchers are not in complete agreement about the health effects of eating meat, there are studies showing that meats, especially processed meat, can increase the risk of conditions which you are already at higher risk of due to ageing.     Consuming a 25g serving of processed meat each day, the equivalent of one bacon rasher, is linked with a 44 percent increased risk of developing dementia, according to Leeds University. However, there is evidence that eating unprocessed red meat, such as pork or veal, could be protective against this condition. She also said: “I try to avoid foods with a high-fat content because they make me sluggish and keep my weight up.”  Cher said: “I weaned myself from whole milk to nonfat milk—if I’m having milk at all. I think cheese is one of the worst things for the body. “It doesn’t digest well, and most cheeses are too high in fat.” According to research in the MDPI science journal, high-fat diets can cause ageing of the skin. It said: “the effect of a high-fat diet is mainly to cause ageing of the skin by causing skin oxidative stress to produce inflammatory damage.”    Cher has also stayed far away from bad habits such as smoking, which are known to speed up the effects of ageing. “There are things I don’t like that are unhealthy, like drugs and drinking, so I never got into them to begin with,” the pop star told Closer in 2013. “I smoked cigarettes for a while and I’d have done drugs had I liked them, but they didn’t agree with me.” According to Mayo Clinic: “Smoking can speed up the normal ageing process of your skin, contributing to wrinkles and other changes to the appearance of your face.” 