Sky News Australia host Andrew Bolt has defended Donald Trump over the former US President's claims that Vladimir Putin would not have attempted an invasion of Ukraine while he was in office. Mr Bolt told Sky News Australia: "I saw today actually, Donald Trump today calling Russian President Vladimir Putin a genius, the way that Putin would play the Western suckers and invaded Ukraine like he had no fear at all. "I heard some outrage on this station today, but it's hard to argue with Trump there or with something else that he said, which is this 'I know Vladimir Putin very well, and he would have never done during the Trump administration what he is doing now, no way.' "All right, you might say he is bragging but I have to say Trump has some evidence on his side. "You go back to the president before him, Barack Obama hero of the left, now when Barack Obama was fighting for re-election against the Republicans, Mitt Romney, he mocked Romney for suggesting that Russia was in fact still America's top geopolitical enemy or foe and the media high fived Obama for being so sassy and making Romney look so dumb and so cool."  "What a wise guy, but it only took a couple of years for Russia's President Putin to make a fool of Obama by sending his soldiers to steal the Crimea from Ukraine...that was in 2016 and pro-Russian militias also grabbed parts of eastern Ukraine, Donetsk and Luhansk," continued Mr Bolt. "Now, when Trump became president, well, Putin didn't make another move." Mr Bolt went on to suggest that President Putin may have been reluctant to strike out against Ukraine during the Trump White House for fear of US retaliation. He said Putin probably thought Mr Trump was "crazy enough to punch him right back, right in the nose."  Mr Bolt's remarks come after Mr Putin announced that Russia would recognise the pro-Russian "republics" of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine. The Russian leader said on Monday he was authorising the despatch of "peacekeepers" to the area. Russia is currently estimated to have around 150,000 troops massed on the borders around Ukraine, with warplanes and troop careers continuing to deploy near the frontline. Boris Johnson promised more weapons from the UK for Ukraine to defend itself against Russia DON'T MISS: Boris sends boldest warning yet to Putin as PM hailed for leading West [VIDEO]Let's be courteous as Covid restrictions are lifted [EXPRESS COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [LIVE BLOG] The Prime Minister said defensive weapons and other aid would be sent to Ukraine in response to the "increasingly threatening behaviour" from Russia. "This will include lethal aid in the form of defensive weapons and non-lethal aid," he said. The UK has already sent anti-tank weapons to the Ukrainian military to help counter the threat posed by Russian forces ringed around the country's borders. On Tuesday, Mr Putin said the only way to resolve the crisis is for the government in Kyiv to give up its ambitions to join Nato and to accept the "demilitarisation" of Ukraine.