BBC News’ Clive Myrie began his career as a BBC foreign correspondent in 1996. He has since worked from more than 80 countries and is currently reporting on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine from Kyiv. The experienced journalist has revisited his many years of reporting as he remembered the heartbreaking moment he had to say goodbye to his family. He admitted that he “never ever” thinks he is “going to be the one who gets shot or blown up or killed.” Clive added: “Something has to present itself to you that makes it clear that you could be the one.” However, having to write a farewell message to his loved ones once reminded him he might die during a conflict. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict He continued to The Big Issue: “So for instance, when I was embedded with the Royal Marines going into Iraq in 2003, we all had to write goodbye letters to our families, a sort of last will and testament I suppose. “Just in case we didn’t come back. “That process, saying goodbye in letter form, does remind you that you might not get back.” Clive’s emotional report into the Ukraine crisis yesterday was widely praised after he appeared to shed a tear on TV. Some BBC viewers took to Twitter to comment on the moment, which happened during the BBC News at 10 on Thursday. Clive’s report came after US officials reported Kyiv could fall from Russian attacks in just days. In his report, Clive explained Russia had launched an attack on Ukraine by “land, sea and air”, stating “fierce fighting is taking place”. He added that Russian forces had “breached the border in three main directions from the east, the south and the north”. READ MORE...Dawn French shares 'real trigger' for hair transformation [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [NEWS] The reporter appeared to have a tear running down his cheek as he introduced international correspondent Orla Guerin for further updates. Some viewers pointed out the heartbreaking moment as some voiced their concerns for his safety. User Muan said: “I genuinely believe there is no reason for the news to be hosted live from Ukraine right now. “There are journalists used to being in conflict, but this doesn’t feel essential at all. “Clive Myrie had a literal tear running down his face, this doesn’t feel like the right thing to do right now.” Jessie Hewitson adde: “Seeing Clive Myrie cry on the BBC news will stay with me for some time.” BBC viewer Meg tweeted: “Clive Myrie has really solidified his status as a national treasure with his reporting from Ukraine today. “One of our very best broadcasters.”