In light of this, organisations and those affected are calling for the UK Government to provide further support for men of a particular age, who feel they are being locked out of getting work. Some 50 percent of men over the age 50 have been unemployed for at least a year, according to research carried out by Rest Less. Between September and November 2021, almost 200,000 men in this age group were out of work, a rise of 24 percent in the last two years. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, one of the many men in his 50s who faced being unemployed in recent years has shared his experience. Ian Gee, 52, has been out of work since November 2020 after he was furloughed from his role as a van driver where he worked for two years. Before being furloughed then made redundant, Mr Gee had never been unemployed before and worked in various positions in both retail and driving work. In the early days of the pandemic, Mr Gee was on furlough for three to four months before being made redundant from his previous job. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  On the time he was unemployed, he shared: “It was extremely difficult. I had some money put aside for a rainy day but it was still tough. It lasted for about a year.” Despite currently working a zero hours contract, the van driver has been unable to secure a full-time position with a company similar to the one he had before. Due to his age, Mr Gee is concerned he is not being fairly considered by employers who may be looking for someone they can train and have around for a long period of time. As well as this, he faces a diminishing pension pot and does not want to rely on benefit support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), but believes that may be an option in the future.  With being on a zero-hour contract, Mr Gee recognises that receiving benefits payments from the DWP could provide him with a steadier income than what he is already on. He added: “The Government makes it so difficult for you to claim benefits.” On the issue of rising energy bills and taxes, Iain believes people “cannot cope” with the way things are currently. “For people who have been paying into the system for years and years, the Government is not doing enough.” Emily Andrews, the deputy director for evidence at the Centre for Ageing Better, noted how many people in their 50s are feeling left behind by the post-Covid economy. Ms Andrews explained: “The shape of the post-pandemic employment crisis is now clear, and it’s the over 50s who are hardest hit, suffering the consequence of an ageist labour market. “Following many years of growth, the employment rate among 50-64s is now falling. As well as those who are now unemployed, we are seeing large numbers who are leaving the workforce altogether.  “But, the large investment made in the Plan for Jobs gives the Government a huge opportunity to ensure that 50+ jobseekers are provided with tailored, individualised support from trained advisors. “Now is the time for DWP to ensure it is tackling the biggest problem it faces; by setting high service standards for 50+ clients, encouraging innovative practice among their providers, and gathering robust data on effective practice so that future generations can reap the benefits. “In an increasingly tight labour market, seeing more over 50s in the labour market is a win for everyone.”  A Government Spokesperson said: “Older workers are a huge asset to our economy and there are currently over nine million workers aged over 50 on employer payrolls – an increase of more than 370,000 compared to a year ago.” “Our Plan for Jobs is helping hundreds of thousands of older workers to retrain, build new skills and get back into work, including through our ‘50 Plus: Choices’ offer.” “Across our Jobcentres we’re helping people take stock of their skills, health and wealth when planning their next career move, with our £400,000 funding boost for Midlife MOTs, and the advice and support of our Older Worker Champions.”