Caller Azeez rang into Jeremy Vine on 5 and could not understand why the UK should help Ukraine following the early morning Russian invasion on Thursday. Host Jeremy Vine said it would be right to support Ukraine "if they were going to win" and said it was just to offer help to save lives. But Azeez was not convinced, arguing the UK has failed in places like Iraq before another caller named Brenda intervened and said the UK was part of NATO and should be "acting like it". Speaking on Jeremy Vine on 5, Azeez discussed the invasion of Ukraine and did not think it was worth the UK's time to interfere. He told the show: "Let them get on with it, why do we want to fight and get involved [like this]". Mr Vine added: "If they need our help then surely we should give it?" The caller was not convinced by the argument and continued: "But how? Are we going to be sending troops? "Are we going to use our peashooter Trident against Russia? Are we serious? "Haven't we learnt our lessons from Iraq, Libya and all these places, we've never won and now we want to take on a superpower, are we serious?" Caller Brenda was invited to share her opinions and said: "Listening to Boris Johnson and our officials, Russia is not a problem. "We are NATO, now it is time we started acting like NATO, either that or back off."  Mr Putin launched the attack in the early hours of Thursday as reports say missiles were launched against Ukrainian targets. Pictures emerged of gridlocked roads as Ukrainian civilians desperately tried to flee major cities. The death toll continues to climb as 40 people are confirmed to have died as of 10am. European Commission Chief Ursula von der Leyen condemned the attack and said the EU would be ramping up its sanctions against Russia to lock it out of technology and financial markets. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS]  The UK already introduced travel bans on Russian billionaires and froze assets of several banks in the UK. However, Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to announce further measures later today when he addresses the Commons after he chaired an emergency Cobra meeting. The US has already blocked Russia's access to Western financial institutions which means it will struggle to raise its national debt through borrowing. The decision is expected to cripple Russia's economic ability to wage war. Germany has halted the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline which will prevent Russian gas from being pumped into Europe, The EU is now considering alternative energy sources such as renewables following fears of an energy crisis caused by the pipeline being halted. Earlier this week, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told Sky News the UK would keep sanctions in the "locker" to react to escalation from Russia following criticisms the UK was being too soft. It is expected those measures will be announced later today. 