The first episode of Dad’s Army aired in 1968 and was written but Jimmy Perry and David Croft about the UK’s Home Guard during Second World War. It ran for nine series and regularly achieved audiences of 18 million however, footage obtained for Channel 5’s We Love Dad’s Army shows writer David explaining the issues he faced when getting the project off the ground. The documentary features footage from Terry Wogan’s chat show in 1988. “What did the higher-ups think of the series when you first broached it or indeed when you had the first series?” The iconic presenter asked. “It didn’t take off straight away,” writer David revealed. “There was the thought that perhaps we were taking the mickey out of Britain’s finest hour so they weren’t all that keen.” Read more: Dad's Army: Unexpected flashback secret of BBC series exposed Caroline Dowdeswell, who starred in series one as Swallow Bank employee Janet King, spoke about the matter in the documentary. She said: “A lot of people took the Home Guard very seriously it was a serious thing.” John Laurie is best known for his role in Dad’s Army as Private Frazer and was the only cast member to have served in the Home Guard. Speaking in 1977, he said: “It seemed a silly thing really because I was in the Home Guard and nothing was so inexpressibly boring as being in the Home Guard. “I couldn’t see how we were going to entertain people.” Comedian Al Murray commented: “In the late 60s when they made Dad’s Army it wasn’t a far distant event it had just happened. “The effects were still very much present in British society. “You had bits of London that were still bombed out so to go back and have a laugh about it that’s edgy.” DON'T MISSDad's Army star shares secret behind iconic scene 'Spat out blood' [VIDEO]Dad’s Army star opens up on filming final seasons 'Didn't want to' [INSIGHT]Dad’s Army: Captain Mainwaring actor details initial reaction to show [INSIGHT] Dad’s Army set designer Paul Joel explained authenticity was key and production researched heavily on the real Home Guard. He said: “I researched very fully and made sure everything that was on the screen as far I was concerned with it was the real thing. “The poor Home Guard when they first started out had no weapons at all so they would have spears on the end of broomsticks.” Elsewhere in the documentary, a host of Dad’s Army discussed Arthur Lowe’s history with learning lines. Speaking on Wogan in 1988, Chief Warden Hodges star Bill began: “One day he came in and he didn’t know the words terribly well for one episode.” Interrupting, Clive exclaimed: “Only one episode! “[Producer] David Croft said, ‘Now take the script home and learn it and don’t put it in the desk take it home and learn it. “He said, ‘Certainly not I’m not having that rubbish like that in my house!’”