Airlines have cancelled hundreds of flights going in and out of the UK, both long haul and domestic. British Airways alone have axed almost 100 flights affecting those travelling from Heathrow airport, with flights to and from Gatwick Airport also severely disrupted. As storm Eunice approaches the UK today, February 18, the bad weather is set to cause chaos in British airports, threatening to ruin half-term holiday plans for many British families. British Airways (BA) alone has cancelled at least 80 flights – 44 to and from Heathrow Airport and 36 to and from London City Airport. All the cancellations so far are short haul European flights and UK domestic flights. The raft of flights includes departures to Aberdeen, Belfast, Dublin, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Manchester, Newcastle, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Berlin, Milan, Rome, and Verona. READ MORE: Spain, France, Italy & Greece: What are the latest travel rules? A BA spokesperson said: “Like other airlines, we’re expecting extreme weather conditions at airports across the UK as a result of storm Eunice, which will cause significant disruption. “Safety is our number one priority, and we’re cancelling a number of flights. “We’re doing everything we can to minimise disruption for our customers including putting on larger aircraft where possible and providing a range of flexible rebooking options. “We’d like to thank customers for their patience and advise them to check the latest flight information on our website before heading to the airport.” DON'T MISS: Fred. Olsen Cruises launches sale with cruises from £699 up [INFORMER]Brits brace for 30cm of snow as weather expert issues blizzard warning [INSIGHT]UK storms: Weeks of major disruption and damage [EXPLAINER] The airline has put flexible rebooking options in place for anyone travelling short haul today, allowing passengers to change their flight free of charge. It also has a “book with confidence” policy available for anyone wanting to request a voucher for future use until September 2023. But BA isn’t the only airline to cancel flights today due to the bad weather. Virgin Atlantic flights from Heathrow to Las Vegas, New York, and San Francisco have been grounded. Aer Lingus has cancelled flights from Cork and Dublin to Heathrow, while Swiss has axed flights from Zurich. Lufthansa is no longer running its flights from Frankfurt to Heathrow, and KLM has grounded flights from Amsterdam. At Gatwick Airport, easyJet has cancelled flights to Amsterdam and Belfast. Wizz Air has axed its departures from Gatwick to Fuerteventura and Gran Canaria. There is chaos at Bristol Airport too as easyJet grounded flights to and from Amsterdam, Basel, and Edinburgh this morning. Flights between Dublin and London, as well as Amsterdam and London, have also been cancelled on Aer Lingus and KLM. Jet2 has delayed its morning flights to Tenerife and Turkey. As for domestic flights, Loganair has cancelled 32 flights within England and Wales. Flights solely within Scotland are operating to schedule.