F1 fans have called for a boycott of the Russian Grand Prix in 2022 in light of the developing situation in Ukraine. Russian president Vladimir Putin has ordered troops into parts of their neighbours' east which has, in turn, heightened tensions between Moscow and the West. Having previously stationed troops near the border, Putin recently ordered them into two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine to perform 'peacekeeping functions'. Donetsk and Luhansk, two breakaway regions of Ukraine run by Moscow-backed separatists, have also been formally recognised by Russia as independent. The US has already imposed sanctions on Russia as a result, and UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has promised to follow suit. With plenty of talk surrounding prospective responses, debate has also spilled over into the sports world, and F1 fans have expressed concern about the return to Sochi. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's touching message to brother as Nicolas gets to sit in Mercedes' new W13 On Reddit, one fan confidently exclaimed: "F1 needs to cancel the Russian race - NOW. "Sanctions are about to come in and it will be a poor look if F1 goes through the process sitting on the fence." With others suggesting that F1 are unlikely to take a stand due to controversies that come with other destinations on the calendar, some have called for the sport's most active voices to take action. ImJayJunior said: "I think as long as we have Lewis [Hamilton] and Seb [Vettel] in F1, the chances of anyone listening is certainly higher than it would be without them, it just depends on the pair of them to speak up because they're the ones who are most likely to be heard. "I have faith in Lewis saying something real soon." YourUndoing agreed, claiming that: "All drivers not named Mazepin (because of course he's not going to do it against his own country) need to threaten boycott if they do not cancel the race."  Seven-time world champion Hamilton has rarely been shy in voicing his opposition to feelings of injustice in the past, famously stating that 'cash is king' when F1 was given the green light to race on during the Covid pandemic's early days. Last year's race in Sochi yielded a dramatic outcome, when it looked as though McLaren's Lando Norris was powering towards his first victory. Late rainfall at the Sochi Autodrom sparked chaotic scenes, however, and the youngster's decision not to pit for fresh tyres came back to bite him. With his McLaren nearly impossible to control, Hamilton came through to take the top prize, and Max Verstappen staged a late comeback to take second. The unlikely win proved insufficient to see the Mercedes man claim the world title though, after Verstappen's dramatic final-lap triumph in Abu Dhabi. In 2022, the Russian Grand Prix is scheduled to take place in September - it remains to be seen whether the sport's authorities, or indeed its influential drivers, will take note of fans' concerns. 