Channel 4 presenter Scarlette Douglas was hoping to find her art-loving guests Laura and Matt a scenic retreat in the heart of the Tuscan countryside on Tuesday's instalment of A Place In The Sun. The couple, who had a budget of £180,000, wanted to buy a countryside home which their two children could enjoy. However, the pair ended up cutting a visit around one four-bedroom property short as they felt it was "disconnected". Laura and her husband Matt had visited Italy more than a dozen times together and they wanted to buy a holiday home in Tuscany, the birthplace of Italian renaissance. Their children Ben and Hannah were studying at university so the couple jetted off to Italy without them to find a home they hoped the whole family would approve of. The first property, which boasted a private garden and pool, was priced at £214,000, which was over their original budget. As they were having a tour of the inside of the countryside home Laura said: "My only concern is that it's lovely, but it just feels a little bit dark. It has nice views from the window but it doesn't invite you outside." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist?  After viewing the whole of the two-bedroom villa, Scarlette asked what the couple thought of the home but there was a "bit of a long pause". Laura admitted to the Channel 4 presenter: "My heart is not in it." After taking Laura and Matt's comments on board, Scarlette decided to show the couple around a traditional semi-detached house with an open-plan living area and modern kitchen. They were taken aback by the "beautiful" interior of the home that was on the market for £169,500 and "ticked all of the boxes" on the inside.   However, they thought there was not enough room in the garden so Scarlette took them on to a visit a four-bedroom detached house. "Too much?" Scarlette asked the couple who were left speechless as they looked at the exterior of the "daunting" property. "It's a lot to take in," Laura replied to the presenter ahead of taking a look inside. After stepping inside the house, the pair thought the property was "homely", but Matt said the location was "too remote". DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun buyer anxious after making 'cheeky' offer on home [LATEST]Scarlette Douglas in quip on filming conditions for new solo show [UPDATE]A Place in the Sun buyer refuses to continue with property search [MUST SEE]  When Scarlette asked whether they wanted to keep looking around the home, Matt replied: "I think we should draw the line with this one." Laura agreed to cut the visit short and added: "The house is lovely but not the location so it will be a no." While the couple both liked aspects of the fourth house they viewed, they were looking forward to seeing the last property Scarlette had selected for them. The "stunning" views from the terrace of the fifth property left Laura lost for words and Matt admitted he could never get tired of the scenery.   They thought the final property, which was a five-bedroom detached house within their budget, "knocked the others out of the water". Laura and Matt met with Scarlette the following morning but they wanted more time to work out how much repair work the fifth property needed before putting in any offers. The pair decided to get some quotes from builders about installing a pool and it was not revealed whether they bought the fifth home at the end of the episode. A Place In The Sun continues weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 