Gardening throughout March is extremely important in ensuring the garden flourishes later in the year. According to experts, from tomorrow, gardeners should be cleaning the patio, getting rid of weeds, preparing the soil and keeping slugs and snails at bay. Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “A lot of our March garden jobs will involve prep for spring and summer. “As the weather warms up slightly, our gardens will slowly start coming back to life, so now is a good time to do things like get rid of weeds and prepare your soil. “It’s always best to keep an eye on the weather as we all know British weather doesn’t always follow through. “If you find that it’s still cold where you live then you may be able to put some of these jobs on hold for now. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours “Despite the cold weather, there are still other jobs you can do in your garden this month like cleaning your patio and tidying up your lawn, ready for any entertaining you hope to do throughout spring and summer.” GardeningExpress.co.uk shared top jobs for March, which included planting summer bulbs. When the soil warms, it is a good time to plant bulbs so that they’re ready for summer, adding colour into the garden. The experts added: “Unfortunately, as plants start to arrive in spring, so do weeds. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘genius’ tips to clean windows - ‘no smears’ [EXPLAINER]Lawn: ‘Now is a great time’ to ‘increase the frequency’ of lawn mowing [EXPERT] “Weeds tend to germinate in spring so tackling them now means you may be able to prevent them from fully sprouting.” Also with the warmer weather comes slugs and snails, especially during the summer months. This means it is best to take precautions now and start scattering slug and snail pellets. According to the experts, those who grow their own fruit and vegetables should also start now. This includes rocket potatoes, onions and strawberries. GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “Most potatoes will need planting in April but rocket potatoes can be planted earlier, towards the end of March, meaning they’ll be ready for harvest in June. “Rocket potatoes are considered to be one of the better variations of potatoes because they’re great for boiling. “Another veg that you can get ready to plant in March is onions. Onions need fairly dry and warm soil and planting them in March will give you a nice harvest in the late summer or early autumn. “For those hoping to grow their own fruit this year, why not try growing strawberries? “Planting now gives you a harvest around early summer and early autumn. Strawberries are ripe and ready to harvest when they’re bright red, however, it’s worth noting that they don’t remain fresh for too long once ripe, so eat them sooner rather than later.” Gardeners should also start to prepare their lawn for spring and summer, including treating unwanted moss that has grown over the winter months. The expert recommended using moss killer or lawn sand to kill the moss. Cleaning the patio is also a good job for March, getting rid of dirt and grime that appeared over the colder months. The experts said: “This can be done with a jet wash, or by mixing water and vinegar together and scrubbing with a garden broom.”