Manchester United players have been brutally hammered by L’Equipe following their 1-1 draw with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. Ralf Rangnick’s side were subdued throughout large spells of the contest at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. Yet they were able to return to England with a credible result after Anthony Elanga cancelled out Joao Felix’s effort. Manchester United fell behind against Atletico in the seventh minute. Felix managed to get in front of Harry Maguire, with the Portugal international then producing a flying header that sailed past David De Gea. United were, in truth, lucky to get anything from the contest - despite dominating possession. But they got a draw through Elanga, with the substitute scoring for the second game in a row after being played through by Bruno Fernandes. After the game, many agreed United were fortunate. And L’Equipe have absolutely hammered the Red Devils with their player ratings, giving the overall side a 3.9 out of 10 for their display. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Marcus Rashford, who was flat on the right of their attack, was given a score of just 2/10. Jadon Sancho, Paul Pogba and Victor Lindelof didn’t fare much better, with the trio receiving 3/10 for their performances. Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw and Cristiano Ronaldo were all marked as 4/10. And Maguire, Fred, De Gea and Fernandes were the high-scorers with 5/10. L’Equipe are historically brutal when it comes to rating and slating players, previously giving Lionel Messi a dire 3/10 for his bad showing for PSG against Real Madrid in the Champions League last week. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message When explaining some of their scorers, they said: “Sunken, disoriented, bordering on embarrassment. “Sancho and Rashford were two islands and Cristiano was lost in other wars, all far away. “With the whistles, with the referee, with the teammate who didn’t pass him a ball.” On Pogba, they said: “His was a masterclass of everything a midfielder shouldn’t do. With and without a ball.” United boss Rangnick, meanwhile, criticised his side for their first half showing against Atletico. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I don't know if I rescued it but after the performance in the first half, it could only get better,” he said when asked about his substitutions. “What we played in the first half I still cannot believe. “We played without conviction, without aggression and that is why we were struggling. “Second half we did better, more possession in areas that mattered and if we played another 10 minutes we might have won the game. “We have to play better in the first half, I was very disappointed by that performance in the first half. "Against and with the ball we were far too apprehensive and did not take any risks. “We only played it in our own half and then it is difficult against a team like Atletico. Their goal was difficult to defend, a brilliant cross and finish. “We have to play with more conviction on the ball, we need more deep runs and the way we scored the goal was exactly that. “This is how we have to play against them." United are next in action against Watford on Saturday (3pm). They’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened earlier in the season, where they were beaten 4-1 at Vicarage Road in what ultimately proved to be Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s final game in charge.