British expat Ken Stewart claimed Vladimir Putin's decision to launch an invasion of Ukraine is "suggesting he's insane" and falling victim to delusions the USSR could be resuscitated. Mr Stewart warned "anything is possible" now President Putin began to expand his clutches into larger areas of Eastern Ukraine despite global condemnation. Speaking to Sky News, the British expat said: "It's just hard to imagine that this could be happening and that we've got a megalomaniac, a sort of Hitler of the 21st century making his manic speeches. "And just spreading lies about some made-up genocide. The only person who's trying to commit genocide in this country in the last eight years is Putin. "So for him to be starting this war is suggesting he's insane, actually." Mr Stewart continued: "Looking at his words and the expressions on his face, I don't think we're dealing with a stable person anymore and that can mean anything is possible, absolutely anything could happen. "We're not dealing with a great strategist here, we're dealing with someone who's extremely emotional and angry. JUST IN: Nato deploys land & air forces under Article 4 protocol - 40 dead "He wants the Soviet Union back and if he can't have that, he wants the Russian Empire back. "And Ukraine is the jewel in the crown as far as he's concerned." He added: "So he's prepared to go very far in order to achieve this madness, this crazy goal of is." In a televised speech announcing the begging of Russia's "special operation" in Ukraine, President Putin said: "I have decided to conduct a special military operation to protect people who have been subjected to bullying and genocide for the last eight years. READ MORE: Ruble plummets as Putin move BACKFIRES - Russia central bank struggling  "And for this we will strive for the demilitarisation and denazification of Ukraine. "And to bring to court those who committed numerous bloody crimes against civilians, including against citizens of the Russian Federation." Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky declared martial law and urged people to stay indoors, amid reports of missile strikes and explosions across the country. Mr Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to "consequences they have never seen". DON'T MISS: Oil prices skyrocket past $100 as Russia [SPOTLIGHT]City of London in free fall as Putin's war hits UK stocks [LATEST]Aston Martin accelerates into 2022 with 'significant' £1bn injection [INSIGHT] He said Russia does not intend to occupy Ukraine, and claimed responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime". Mr Zelensky also called on Ukrainian nationals to volunteer for the resistance effort. He said: "We will give weapons to anyone who wants to defend the country. Be ready to support Ukraine in the squares of our cities. "We will lift sanctions on all citizens of Ukraine who are ready to defend our country as part of the territorial defence with weapons in hands. "We have severed diplomatic relations with Russia. For all those who have not yet lost their conscience in Russia, it is time to go out and protest against the war with Ukraine."