Brooks Koepka believes the recent setbacks to the Saudi Golf League (SGL) will not stop the proposed breakaway circuit from taking place.  The Super League has been the main talking point across the world of golf in recent weeks, with a number of the best players on the planet weighing in on the proposal. The month began with the likes of Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood, Dustin Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau all being linked to a move to the controversial SGL. However, over the last week circuit organisers - led by former world No. 1 Greg Norman - have been dealt a number of blows to its potential start up. This comes after both DeChambeau and Johnson pledged their allegiances away from the Saudi League and with the PGA Tour, whilst some of golf’s biggest names including Rory McIlroy, Jon Rahm, Collin Morikawa and Justin Thomas rubbished the idea. The saga then seemingly reached its climax on Tuesday after Phil Mickelson - a man heavily linked to the SGL - apologised for comments he had recently made in support of the contentious series, and against the PGA Tour. DON'T MISS: Phil Mickelson's sponsor KPMG cut ties with star amid 'reckless' Saudi Golf League stance  This therefore left many questioning whether the proposed Super League would now even go ahead, with nearly all of the world’s best ruling themselves out. However four-time major champion Koepka expects the breakaway circuit to ‘keep going’ due to the sheer financial backing it has received from Saudi state-funded company LIV Golf Investments. Ahead of this week’s Honda Classic he said: “I think it's going to still keep going. "I think there will still be talk. Everyone talks about money. They've got enough of it. MORE GOLF NEWS   “I don't see it backing down. They can just double up and they'll figure it out. They'll get their guys. Somebody will sell out and go to it." Recent comments by Koepka’s former US Ryder Cup teammate Mickelson has left his once legendary reputation in tatters, after the American seemingly turned his back on the Tour that had acted as the platform for the 51-year-old’s remarkably successful career. As a result, Mickelson accused the PGA Tour of ‘obnoxious greed’ despite collecting £70 million in career earnings whilst competing on the circuit. He then also went on to justify the controversial Saudi state backing of the SGL as a way of gaining ‘leverage’ over the PGA Tour, and it’s commissioner Jay Monahan.  Whether Mickelson returns to the US-based circuit remains unknown, after revealing in a statement he was taking a break from the golf course following a whirlwind few weeks. Despite the 51-year-old’s criticism of the Tour Koepka reiterated that he is more than happy on the circuit, and believes most of his fellow professionals have the same opinion. He continued: “He can think whatever he wants to think, man. He can do whatever he wants to do. “I'm happy with the PGA Tour. I think everybody out here is happy. I think a lot of people out here have the same opinion." 