Vera fans were left disappointed when filming for series 11 of the Brenda Blethyn drama had to be halted due to the coronavirus pandemic. While the first two episodes of the latest season aired last year, the final instalments are expected to air later in 2022. Despite the setbacks, viewers have been excited to see Vera's right-hand man Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) return to the show to help solve another murder. Vera's sidekick Aiden Healy has been played by Yorkshire-born actor Kenny since 2014. The 46-year-old actor has developed a close friendship with Brenda since landing a role on the ITV series. He has also been a hit with Vera fans who have been waiting patiently to see how series 11 will end. Ahead of the airing of the final episode, Vera actress Brenda paid a touching tribute to her co-star. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? The 76-year-old award-winning actress explained the cast and crew play a very important part in the success of Vera. She added: "The Vera family works very well together and we have a great rapport - [and] a great laugh too." The actress said many people have told her Jon Morrison, who plays DC Kenny Lockhart, is the "most convincing copper" on television. Brenda revealed: "He’s been with Vera the longest and is a real anchor. And where would Vera be without Aiden, Mark and Jac?  "She gives them some stick but their loyalty remains steadfast." Speaking about her co-star Paul Kaye, who plays pathologist Dr Malcolm Donahue, Brenda quipped: "Even the grumpy pathologist seems to enjoy goading Vera. "Paul Kaye is hilarious, I love my scenes with him." However, Brenda also revealed just how much she values her friendship with Kenny. DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'challange' of new role away from Vera [INTERVIEW]Brenda Blethyn’s husband’s unusual proposal: ‘Disappeared!’ [LATEST]Brenda Blethyn reacts to viewers' disappointment  [EXCLUSIVE]  She fondly said: "Aiden [Kenny] and Vera are practically joined at the hip. "He is the most wonderful actor to work with, a constant delight." In recent years Aiden has proved himself as a strong and reliable partner to Vera on the show. His character is known for being protective of his boss, knowing her obsessive nature and commitment to the job can sometimes be at the cost of her wellbeing. Their bond is clearly shared off-screen, but Brenda also opened up about her closeness with some of her other co-stars.   During the filming of the latest series, the cast had to be in COVID-19 safe bubbles so they could film closely together while adhering to rules. Kenny and Brenda were in a bubble together as they shared a lot of scenes, which gave them the chance to get to know each other better. Reflecting on being part of the series, Kenny explained: “It makes me feel really happy and proud to be part of such a great detective show. "It’s gone incredibly quickly but each year you come away from it, when you’ve put the graft in, and think I’m happy with what we’ve achieved." Series 11 of Vera is expected to return to ITV later this year.   