Dr Michael Mosley has created several diets over the years - the newest being the Fast 800 Keto. Back in 2019, the weight loss expert spoke about the benefits of eating just 800 calories a day if someone was looking to lose weight “rapidly”. But with so few calories to consume, Dr Michael explained why eating eggs for breakfast could help shed more pounds. BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker introduced: “The man who popularised the 5:2 diet is back with a new regime which, the claim is, is more manageable. “Rather than cutting to 500 calories twice a week, Michael Mosley is now recommending 800 calories every day. “Michael is here to explain - is this the next stage of the 5:2? How have you arrived at why - is it science that’s telling you 800 calories?” Dr Michael replied: “Yes, it’s evolution if you like. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s go-to exercises to get 'trimmer thighs' “I wrote the original book six years ago and that was mainly based on rat studies, and since then there have been quite a few human studies, and a lot of people have reported to me, and I’ve also spoken to the scientists involved in doing that research, and one clear thing is mainly people did well on it but struggled to eat 500-600 calories. “When you look at what they ate, it was more like 800 calories. “This is a staged process - the first stage being rapid weight loss, on 800 calories a day. “You do the diet two to three weeks minimum, and some people continue to do it up to 12 weeks.” DON'T MISS...Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE]Princess Anne’s sapphire engagement rings have hidden meaning [EXPERT]Flight secrets: Cabin crew shares ways to get free first class upgrade [INSIDER] The diet expert discussed the science behind the weight loss plan and said: “A study based in the north of England, it was 800 calories a day, for up to 12 weeks, and the average weight loss was around 14kg. “There was another study done by Oxford [University] and they lost 10kg over a year.” “Let’s have a look at what 800 calories would look like,” Louise Minchin commented. “So this is your three meals for the day - it’s not much.” “It’s ok - for breakfast I’ve got eggs and asparagus - the book has a range of recipes, but I’m a huge fan of eggs, eggs fill you up,” Dr Michael remarked. “You can have scrambled eggs, boiled eggs, however, you want them. “Sometimes I have eggs with ham or a bit of salmon. “No toast I’m afraid, plenty of tea and coffee, plenty of fluid. “I would encourage anyone doing a low calorie diet to drink lots and lots of fluid - because you’re going to dry out.” The presenters noticed a lack of starchy carbs with the meals and Dr Michael revealed why: “It’s low carb, that’s one of the things that is clear now, that going on a low carb diet is a ketogenic diet and your body starts to burn fat. “Your body runs on two different fuel systems - sugar and fat - and only when the sugar starts to go down do you switch to fat mode, and that takes 10-12 hours unless you’re on a relatively low carb diet. “I wouldn’t recommend being low carb all the time, I think there are good reasons for eating carbs. Veggies are all carbs, but they’re healthy carbs,” he added. There are plenty of breakfast recipes on the Fast 800 website which includes eggs. The recipe serves one and there are 279 calories per serving. It takes 10 minutes to prepare and 15 minutes to cook. Speaking about the breakfast recipe, Dr Michael said: “This dish is full of protein and healthy fats, to start your day feeling satisfied and keep you fuelled until lunch.” Baked Eggs: Half an avocado pitted One large free range egg Salsa: 30g cherry tomatoes, quartered Fresh coriander chopped A quarter of a red onion, diced A quarter of a lime, juiced 20g feta cheese, crumbled Sea salt Black pepper 1. Preheat the oven to 220ºC. 2. Scoop out some of the avocado half to make room for the egg. Keep the extra avocado for the salsa. 3. Crack the egg into a mug, being careful to keep the yolk intact. Arrange the avocado half in a baking dish, resting it along the edge so that it won’t tip over. Gently spoon the egg yolk into the avocado hole, adding as much of the white that will fit. Gently place the baking dish in the preheated oven and bake until the egg is cooked, which will take about 15 minutes. 4. Meanwhile, assemble the salsa. Combine the tomatoes, coriander, onion, lime juice, feta cheese and the leftover avocado chunks. Season with salt and pepper. 5. Serve the baked avocado eggs topped with salsa. Enjoy.