Residents of the central Ukraine city of Dnipro were filmed coming together outside an army recruitment centre to create a stockpile of weapons to use against Russian soldiers. The locals could be seen walking around carrying bottles of alcohol and filling empty bottles with styrofoam to make the weapons "stick" to their targets. Long queues could also be seen at the scene showing people seeking to join the Ukrainian Army. Sky News correspondent John Sparks said: "Hundreds and hundreds of people here in Dnipro have come to the centre of town and they're in the process of making Molotov cocktails. "You see them, taking styrofoam and are putting into bottles. "The styrofoam works to make the Molotov sticky, to help it stick to vehicles, to other targets. "They're making it according to a recipe that has been distributed by the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG He continued: "Really quite extraordinary. So many people here doing this. You can see so many people here, very very busy. "We're actually based at a centre that exhibits items relating to the manufacturing of rockets. "And you can see hundreds and hundreds of men queuing up to register themselves for the army. Many here have very little military experience, some have none at all. "It's not just men either, it's women as well who are queuing up with their registration documents. They will go inside this museum and sign up. READ MORE: 'Putin is in TROUBLE!' Russia war is 'not going well' - horror from INSIDE Ukraine exposed "At some point in the next few days, they should get a call from the military and those considered suitable will be given guns and ammunition." BBC correspondent Sarah Rainsford shared pictures of women helping the Molotov-making efforts, saying: "In #Dnipro crowds of women are spending Saturday making Molotov cocktails. "Teachers, lawyers, housewives. All crouched on the grass, filling bottles. "They told me they try not to think about what they’re doing. But they want to be ready to defend their homes & city #ukraine." DON'T MISS:‘Tank wars in Europe are over!’ Embarrassing footage of Boris Johnson [OPINION]Chernobyl: Kremlin tried to deflect blame for disaster onto CIA [ANALYSIS]Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support [INSIGHT] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has been urging citizens to join the fight against Russia and also appealed to expats to return to Ukraine to help war efforts. Addressing the nation on Saturday, Mr Zelenskyy said: "Everyone who can come back to Ukraine, please come back to defend Ukraine. "After that, we will have a lot to do to rebuild our Ukraine. "Everyone who can defend Ukraine abroad, please do it. Do it directly in a united way – every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country, please come over. "We will give you weapons. "It will be announced soon how this will be done. Everyone who is defending Ukraine is a hero." The attack on Ukraine began on Thursday morning after months of growing tension between Kyiv and Moscow. Vladimir Putin maintained until earlier in the week he had no plan to invade but U-turned on his pledge when he launched a "special operation" from the Northern, Eastern, and Southern borders of Ukraine.