Rafael Nadal has been given advice in winning the upcoming French Open. The world No 4 has now won his third tournament of the season in Acapulco, helping him extend his winning streak to 15-0 in a career-best record. His title wins include a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open which has now been dubbed one of the "greatest achievements" of his career. Nadal was sidelined with injury during the back-end of 2021, with the problem first arising after his shock semi-final loss to Novak Djokovic at the French Open. The Spaniard missed Wimbledon and the Olympics before making a short-lived comeback of just two matches at the Washington ATP 500, later shutting down his season with a left foot injury. He underwent a medical procedure and was on crutches, with the foot problem so bad he doubted being able to return in Melbourne. Having also caught Covid in December, Nadal recovered in time to make it Down Under and compete in the Melbourne ATP 250, winning his first tournament back after a six-month injury layoff. JUST IN: Medvedev makes fresh Ukraine plea as Russian star rises to world No 1  He then made it all the way to the Australian Open final, coming from two sets and 3-3 0-40 down against highest seed Daniil Medvedev to lift his second major title in Melbourne, 13 years on from the first. The victory made Nadal the first male player in history to win a record 21st Grand Slam, surpassing his rivals Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer, who already had the chance to play for a 21st major with both losing their respective finals. Less than a month after his historic Aussie Open victory, the world No 4 was back in action in Acapulco. He picked up his third title in as many tournaments this season on Saturday, defeating Britain's Cameron Norrie 6-4 6-4 in the final. DON'T MISSRaducanu told not to make panicked decision as Brit sent warningDaniil Medvedev world No 1 in doubt as ITF called to take 'action'Djokovic given US Open hope amid Indian Wells ban over vaccine status  Nadal has now started the year with a 15-0 winning streak, breaking his career-best record of 11-0 from 2014. He failed to drop a set en route to his fourth title at the Mexico Open, facing Medvedev in a rematch of their Australian Open final and securing a more straightforward 6-3 6-3 win. Off the back of his 91st career title, Nadal has now been commended by former pro-turned-pundit Barry Cowan, who explained what the Spaniard needed to do to extend his record to 22 Grand Slam titles by winning the French Open in June. "There were doubts he would ever play again [after his foot injury] and to the fact that he's back playing and to the level he is is nothing short of remarkable," the Sky Sports commentator said.  "Winning the Australian Open was one of his greatest achievements." Nadal's sights will almost certainly be on a 14th Roland Garros crown after he lost out on the chance to contend for another title in Paris when he was defeated by Djokovic in last year's semi-final. While the 35-year-old has already admitted he doesn't want to reduce his schedule anymore or risk not even being a tennis player anymore, Cowan thought the key to Nadal's victory would be his selective tournament planning and said he didn't need to overcompensate and try to get more matches under his belt for the clay-court Grand Slam. He explained: "The question for Nadal now is to just be smart in his schedule and I don't think he needs to overplay. He wants to win the French Open." The world No 4 will next be in action in Indian Wells, where he hasn't played since withdrawing ahead of his popcorn semi-final clash with Roger Federer in 2019.  