Graham Wellings, 56, was pinned to the ground by officers who found two hand grenades in his bag. The army's bomb disposal squad had to be called to make the explosives safe, and almost 400 residents in Stretford, Greater Manchester, had to be evacuated as part of the huge police operation. Police had smashed a cocaine, heroin and cannabis supply racket in the estate across two days and arrested Mr Wellings on suspicion of conspiracy to possess explosives, namely two hand grenades, and conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine. But he was cleared of all charges after a trial last week, Manchester Evening News reports. A court had heard police raided garages and flats in Stretford on Tuesday January 26 last year causing the drug gang's boss, Nathan Morgan to become increasingly paranoid. The 37-year-old man gave Mr Wellings a package containing two live hand grenades, despite the heavy police presence in the area. In his defence during his trial, Mr Wellings said he had been duped into smuggling the grenades away from the estate, insisting he believed the package contained just cannabis. A user of heroin and cocaine, he claimed he had reluctantly agreed to move the package to wipe out a £400 drugs debt. During the trial, Mr Wellings said he "would have been absolutely insane" to agree to smuggle the grenades.    Mr Wellings told Minshull Street Crown Court: "I was taking a risk. I just thought it was only a couple of hundred pounds of class B, you know." As Mr Wellings cycled away, he was unaware he was being watched by undercover cops - and moments later armed police swooped. The grenades were found inside a drawstring bag within the rucksack. The discovery prompted a huge evacuation of much of the estate, with some of the residents forced out of their homes and taken to Stretford Leisure Centre. Mr Wellings, from Stretford, was last week acquitted of all charges after a trial. Morgan, who controlled the operation from his and a number of other flats, admitted possessing the grenades and ammunition, and conspiracy to supply class A drug.  The court heard police raided the flat of gang member Sarah Tervet, 42, on January 28 last year. In her cupboard, cops found two grenades, a pistol with a gold-coloured trigger with a bullet-laden magazine, and a video cassette box stuffed with ammunition. Mum-of-two Tervet told cops at the time she had no idea about the weaponry in the cupboard, which she said she used to store a Christmas tree. Actually, she was a member of the gang and had allowed the items to be stored there. Tervet, Morgan and two other of his gang members will be sentenced at a later date. Another gang member - Gary Davies - died in custody before his trial. 