Tyson Fury's upcoming fight against fellow Brit Dillian Whyte has been confirmed for April 23 under the famous Wembley Stadium arch, with Fury wanting a new challenger after beating Deontay Wilder twice. The 'Gypsy King' first fought Wilder in Los Angeles in December 2018 but only drew despite being the better fighter throughout following a huge knockdown from Wilder in the 11th round. The pair fought again in February 2020, with Fury dominating the bout and winning in the seventh round before he beat Wilder again last October via an 11th-round stoppage. With a fourth bout between the two not needed, Whyte represents the next best challenge that Fury has in his sights. And the Jamaican-born Brit will look to do the impossible by beating the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world in north London. READ MORE: Chris Eubank Jr details two-fight plan for Kell Brook scrap and Billy Joe Saunders rematch Promoter Frank Warren won the purse bid to stage the fight with a huge £30.5million bid. And he has promised a 'huge occasion for sport in the UK' after the much-awaited event was made official. "Tyson Fury coming home to fight under the arch at Wembley Stadium is a fitting reward for the No 1 heavyweight in the world, following his exploits across the Atlantic in his epic trilogy against Deontay Wilder," Warren said. “The fact that this mandatory defence of his WBC title comes against another Brit only adds to the occasion. “They are two of the biggest characters in British sport and both normally have plenty to say for themselves. "It is going to be an incredible night and a huge occasion for sport in this country that will capture the imagination of fans right across the world." It will be the first bout at England's national stadium since Anthony Joshua's win over Alexander Povetkin in September 2018, where 'AJ' won WBA and IBO titles. It is reported that Fury and White will split the pot, with 80 per cent going to the Wythenshawe-born boxer. He has not fought on UK soil since his win over Francesco Pianeti back in August 2018 in Belfast. Meanwhile, Whyte's last fight on British soil was his shock loss to Povetkin after the Russian caught him with an uppercut in round four of their August 2020 bout. The 33-year-old avenged his loss to the Ukrainian in Gibraltar in March last year with a fourth-round TKO.