Kheerat Panesar (played by Jaz Deol) was forced to go on the run in Tuesday’s EastEnders when Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) returned home to find Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) unconscious on the living room floor. However, will Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) join her love interest after realising Kheerat may never be able to return? In Tuesday’s instalment of the BBC soap, Chelsea was horrified to discover her husband her been attacked by Kheerat. The businessman begged the new mum not to tell the ambulance operator he was to blame but she ignored him. Kheerat realised he had no option but to flee the scene of the crime and rushed home. He warned his brother Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) that he had to step up for the family and look after their mum Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal). Read more: EastEnders in huge BBC schedule shake-up As Kheerat attempted to make his getaway he was spotted by Stacey who ushered him inside away from the police. EastEnders viewers have watched the romantic tension between the pair simmer for weeks. However, Kheerat’s pursuit of revenge for Chantelle Atkins’ (Jessica Plummer) death left Stacey fearing he was interested in Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) instead. Offering to help him, Stacey said: “There’s police everywhere you ain’t going to get past them.” “Well I can’t stay here Phil [Mitchell] is going to be back any minute and Kat,” Kheerat reasoned. “How are you at Hide-and-Seek?” Stacey questioned before suggesting he hide in her food van. “You did pay the difference for the repairs so it’s the least I can do.” Kheerat promised Stacey he attacked Gray in self-defence and didn’t mean to harm him. “Whatever happened you’ve got much chance of sorting it out outside of a prison cell than in one,” Stacey remarked. “I know you don’t have to do this but thank you,” the businessman replied. DON'T MISSDoctor Who: Jodie Whittaker to be replaced by Ralf Little? [POLL]University Challenge fans frustrated by contestant’s ‘rude’ habit [VIDEO]Peaky Blinders: Helen McCrory's role in final season teased  [EXCLUSIVE] The mum-of-three noted: “What we had it didn’t last long but it was nice while it did so let’s just call it old time’s sake.” “I still think we have something,” he said and she hit back: But what you’ve got with Whitney is better?” Kheerat promised Stacey he has no romantic feelings for Whitney and his closeness with her isn’t as it seemed before passionately kissing the mum-of-three. The EastEnders instalment concludes with Stacey driving away from the square presumably with Kheerat hidden away in the vehicle. Is this the last viewers will see of Stacey until the police drop their investigation against Kheerat? EastEnders star Jaz recently addressed his character’s feelings for Stacey. He said: “[On whether he and Stacey could commit] I think that’s a hard question to answer because of the circumstances both of them find themselves in. “They’re both so busy putting fires out and dealing with situations beyond their control that whatever interaction they have is a relief from all that. “It’s a safe space where they can be free, playful and themselves. “Asking that sort of question brings the relationship into the very reality that I think both of them want to escape from.” EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.