 Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway took a moment on this weekend’s instalment of the ITV show to share their support for the people of Ukraine amid the ongoing Russian invasion. Presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly spoke out about the conflict ahead of the Win The Ads game on Saturday evening’s show.   Ant and Dec’s Win The Ads usually sees the hosting duo ask one lucky player a variety of questions based on the biggest news stories of the week. However, on Saturday evening, the presenters informed viewers there would be no questions about the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Introducing the quiz, Ant said: “All the questions are taken from this week’s news.” Dec explained: “Now obviously the news this week’s been dominated by the terrible events in Ukraine. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell?    “So, all of our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the situation over there,” he added. Ant continued: “Absolutely. So, of course, there won’t be any questions on that subject. “We’re going to ask you as many questions as we can in 60 seconds. “If you get a question right, pick a number and the prize behind that number could be yours to take away,” he explained.   Upon hearing the duo’s comments, some viewers took to Twitter to praise them for sharing their support for Ukraine. “Sending all my love to everyone in Ukraine. Good mention boys #SaturdayNightTakeaway,” Ryan Glendenning commented. “@itvtakeaway full credit to @antanddec showing their thoughts to Ukraine. We stand united #SaturdayNightTakeaway,” Matt White wrote. “Well done to Saturday Night Takeaway and @ITV for promoting the Get Britain Talking campaign during prime time and not having questions on the Ukraine crisis in Win The Ads. Great TV #SaturdayNightTakeaway,” Lucy Mercer added. DON'T MISS...‘Bitter pill’ Downton Abbey star details challenging experience [EXCLUSIVE]Sally Nugent details ‘intense’ BBC Breakfast job interview [MUST SEE]EastEnders horror as Dotty Cotton is attacked while sleeping rough? [THEORY]  Ant and Dec aren’t the only ITV stars who have spoken out on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Several stars have taken to social media to express their thoughts about the news. This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby shared an image of tanks and soldiers on her Instagram. Writing alongside the picture, she said: “How do I explain this to my children… I was asked questions last night I didn’t have the answers for…”    Holly and her co-host Phillip Schofield confessed they struggled to continue presenting This Morning earlier in the week after Prime Minister Boris Johnson addressed the nation to announce the news that Russia had launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. After watching the announcement, Phillip said to viewers: “Well, welcome back. Obviously it's incredibly difficult to carry on in a lighter mood, we've really just seen those really quite serious words..." Holly chimed in: "You can't believe what you're hearing, seeing, can you?" Phillip reassured viewers: “We will carry on because that’s what we always do.” Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturdays at 7pm on ITV. 