Oksana Mudriyk, 44, who lives in London with her two children, said her husband Alex is currently stuck in Kyiv after returning to Ukraine for family reasons. She told My London she was extremely concerned for his safety after Russia invaded the country in the early hours of Thursday morning. Ms Mudriyk said: “It’s a scary, shocking, heartbreaking, devastating tragedy. “My husband was woken up this morning by the missiles in Kyiv. Everybody could hear the bombing.” Shelling was heard close to the Ukrainian capital on Thursday night, where thousands of people took shelter in underground stations and bomb shelters. Ms Mudriyk said Ukrainians are both frightened and angry as fighting continues across the country. She said: “Obviously there is some emotional panic, but also anger and an understanding that we need to fight and defend our land because no one can do this for us.” She said she and her children, twins Arina and Danylo, are growing increasingly worried about their father’s safety. She said: “They are asking me ‘what will happen if our dad dies in the war?’ My son is asking ‘do I need to go to war now? Do I need to fight to defend our country?’.” Ms Mudriyk called on the UK and other countries to support Ukraine and put pressure on Russia to halt its attack. READ MORE: Royal Navy sends out missile destroyer in major show of force She told My London: “We ask the civilised world to support Ukraine with immediate reactions and pressure on Russia, widening economical and personal sanctions and a UN mission to stop Russian aggression. Ukraine is now defending Europe.” Western airlines are now completely avoiding Ukraine’s airspace, making air travel out of the country impossible. Thousands of people have fled the fighting overland and sought sanctuary in neighbouring countries such as Poland in the north and Moldova in the south. The UN refugee agency estimates about 100,000 people are already displaced but believes up to five million could try to flee abroad as the conflict escalates. DON'T MISS:Now China turns back on Putin – Russia hemorrhaging allies [BREAKING]British armed forces urgently sent to Russia's doorstep [LIVE]Surging oil price will stoke inflation and hit recovery [LATEST]  Poland is also preparing to close its airspace to Russian aircraft. Ukrainian military vehicles entered the capital Kyiv on Friday to defend the city against approaching Russian troops. Some 450 Russian soldiers and 194 Ukrainians, including 57 civilians, have been killed since the invasion began, the UK's armed forces minister James Heappey told MPs. Additional reporting by Lisa Haseldine.