The savings method is 100 percent backed by the Treasury meaning those who deposit money into any of their products or offerings will see their savings 100 percent protected from potential harm. New winners are announced every month, with two people becoming millionaires. Premium Bond holders can earn other cash prizes too, ranging between £25 and £1million. With the next winners being announced on March 1, 2022, many will be eager to find out if they have won any money in the draw. All bonds have the same chance of winning, regardless of when and where they were bought, however many people may wonder if there are ways they can boost their chances of success. One of the most commonly asked questions to NS&I regarding Premium Bonds on its website is whether bonds which are purchased closer to the draw are more likely to win. READ MORE: DWP benefit: Pensioners may be eligible for a cash boost up to £358 a month - how to apply This is due to the fact it is a lottery bond system, and each number has an equal chance of winning. From February 2019, the minimum bond someone can hold is £25, but savers are able to purchase up to a maximum of £50,000. The winning numbers for the NS&I’s lottery is determined by a machine, which is called Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment or commonly known as ERNIE. This is in order to prevent any cheating and makes sure all winners are randomly generated by NS&I. One misconception is that certain parts of the country are luckier than others due to multiple millionaires being produced there. The south west of the UK produced more millionaires than any other last year. Over the last year six people from the South West won the top £1million prize. These winners were announced in September, August, May and March 2021, as well as December and November 2020. In addition, women are also said to be luckier as 70 percent of all winners have been female. People can use the official NS&I Premium Bonds prize checker app to know if they have won any money in the draw. Alternatively, they can use the Alexa-enabled device. To check, customers will need their Premium Bonds holder’s number and their NS&I number or holder’s number.