Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe star together as Jamie and Claire Fraser in the hit series Outlander, based on author Diana Gabaldon’s bestselling series of historical fantasy novels. With eight new episodes starting on Starz very soon, Sam has spilled some more secrets from the set of the successful drama. Jamie Fraser star Sam revealed he and Caitriona have become like a couple on the set of Outlander. The Scottish actor appeared on This Morning on Thursday to tease the return of the show next week. He also opened up about how the success of the time-travelling period piece has catapulted their careers as actors to international stardom. ITV host Philip Schofield explained: “You and Caitriona Balfe, who plays opposite you; very new in the game when you first started.” READ MORE: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley “Your careers have grown through this series,” he added. Outlander began its first season back in 2014, and has gone from strength to strength with each season. Although both Sam and Caitriona were relatively unknown during the show’s humble beginnings, it has since become one of Starz’s most successful dramas worldwide. Sam admitted neither of them had any idea their journey as the Frasers would come this far. “Absolutely, we were very green and we didn’t really know where this was going to go,” he recalled. “It’s going to be a decade by the time we finish the next season. So ten years together, we are like this… I don’t know, there’s this great friendship we’ve got. “Much like yourselves,” Sam said referring to Phillip and Holly Willoughby. He added, fondly: “We’re sort of like this couple that have, sort of, grown together.” DON'T MISS:The Crown loses £150,000 worth of items in burglary [NEWS]Tobias Ellwood warns ‘history will ask why West didn’t do more’ [OPINION]Vikings’ Floki star congratulates co-star’s awards nod [COMMENT] Throughout the first five seasons, Outlander has featured a number of intense physical sequences as well as tender moments between the two Frasers. As the two figureheads of one of the most romantic shows in recent years, it’s no surprise the co-leads have grown so close to one another over the years. The series begins when former World War II nurse Claire is catapulted back in time to 18th Century Scotland through the magical stones of Craigh Na Dun. Once lost in time with only Jamie’s tough yet devoted guidance to fall back on, Claire has since grown accustomed to life in the past and started a new home in America on Fraser’s Ridge. Claire and Jamie will finally be coming back to screens next week, but their lives are once again thrown into danger - this time by the American Revolution arriving on their doorstep. Outside of the Starz series, Caitriona has recently been nominated for a BAFTA for her performance in Kenneth Branagh’s acclaimed drama film, Belfast. Meanwhile, Sam has new projects in the works with Outlander co-star and frequent collaborator Graham McTavish, and will next appear with James Nesbitt in upcoming Channel 4 drama, Suspect. Outlander season 6 premieres Sunday, March 6 on Starz in the USA and Starz Play in the UK.