All Creatures Great and Small star Rachel Shenton had to endure some challenging scenes working with animals on the period drama. The actress has spoken out about one four legged co-star who was particularly disruptive in a scene of the Channel 5 series. Rachel explained they were forced to change the scene as a result of an over excited dog.  Rachel plays farmer Helen Alderson in All Creatures Great and Small so it's no surprise she's had some comical experiences on set. Recalling a particularly challenging scene, Rachel revealed one of her furry co-stars caused chaos by continually knocking over a prop. She explained the animal in question was Jess the Skeldale dog, played by a dog called Ernie. The star said on the Talkshire podcast: “We were filming a scene for the Christmas Special and there’s three of us. Myself, Nick, and Cal were around a board game. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch  “The dog came in and every time just made a b-line for the board game. “Every bit, all bits would go everywhere, little counters, the dice, everything’s everywhere. “We were resetting, trying to find things, and it must have happened three or four times at the point where Andy the director went ‘We’ll just have to keep it in and go with it because he’s not going to not do it!’ “That was a funny story,” Rachel laughed with her co-star Nicholas Ralph.    Nicholas, who plays James Herriot in the show, revealed he also had a tricky encounter with the troublesome dog. Looking back, Nicholas recalled a scene which saw him run around the back of Skeldale house with Jess the dog alongside him. The actor confessed the scene quickly went awry when he was knocked off his feet. The actor explained: “He’s galloping and bouncing around beside me. DON'T MISS...‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life [WATCH]Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [MUST SEE]EastEnders reunion as Mitch Baker rekindles romance with former flame? [SPOILERS]  “Then we get into the driveway and it's all like stone chips and he just clears my legs clean out from under me. “He’s just galloping about this young carefree dog. Boom my legs are gone. “The camera was like over the other side of a car so all you saw was me dip down,” he laughed. Nicholas revealed the camera crew let out a gasp as they saw him vanish behind the car.   He laughed: “Then I reappeared because I managed to just catch my feet at the right moment! That was funny.” However, the pair insisted they enjoyed working with animals on the Channel 5 period drama despite the often comical moments. The beloved Channel 5 series has been commissioned for another two seasons and will return later in the year along with a Christmas special. All Creatures Great and Small seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on My5.  