Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has spoken out after his side's lacklustre 0-0 draw with Watford on Saturday. The Red Devils had gone into the game on a high after beating Brighton and Leeds and drawing with Atletico Madrid. Yet their hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League are now very much in the balance. United created many chances against Watford, with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Elanga, Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba all failing to take them. And it means the Red Devils are now looking increasingly likely to be playing in the Europa League, rather than the Champions League, next season. United really needed to win against Watford, especially with Tottenham cruising past Leeds and Arsenal edging out Wolves on Thursday night. But this was very much a case of two points dropped, rather than one earned. Rangnick has now spoken out after the game and the 63-year-old has aimed a dig at players by suggesting their woeful finishing was responsible for the result, insisting he and his coaching staff had done everything right to win the game. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick said: "Five massive chances in the first half, three in the second. "Sometimes we were unlucky like when Cristiano Ronaldo hit the post but we had one on one opportunities. "This is not luck, this is sharpness, efficiency and being clinical. "It is [frustrating], we did everything than scoring. Hard to take that result. We were in full control for almost the full game." "Our job as coaches is to help the team to create enough chances. The number of clear chances we had today had to be enough to win a game like this." Rangnick also said: "We need to be sharper in front of goal, you can hardly create more chances than we did today. "In the end it is a very frustrating afternoon. "Had anyone told me that we would create that many clear chances I would have said ‘yes, that is enough for us to score one of two goals at least’. "But we didn’t." On Ronaldo hitting the post, he said: "That was not the only one [chance]. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “In the first half we had five massive chances then in the second half we had another three or four. "Today we had enough chances to win that game. "Sometimes we are unlucky, when we hit the post, but we also had a few opportunities one-on-one with the goalkeeper." United are next in action against Manchester City next Sunday. They'll be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened earlier in the season, with the Red Devils losing 2-0 at Old Trafford when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge.