On Wednesday, Mr Putin held a surprise television announcement where he said he had "made the decision of a military operation", despite weeks of intense diplomacy and threats of sanctions from western allies. Within a few hours of Mr Putin's speech, Russia's defence ministry said it had neutralised Ukrainian military airbases and its air defence systems. His invasion comes despite weeks of intense diplomacy and threats of sanctions from western allies. Explosions were heard across Ukraine, with its foreign minister warning a "full-scale invasion" was underway. Due to the invasion, more than 130 people have been killed in the airstrikes as 100,000 civilians flee their homes. In retaliation to Russia's invasion, Britain banned flights of Russian flag carrier Aeroflot. Now, Russia has banned British airlines from landing at its airports or crossing its airspace, its state civil aviation regulator said on Friday. The imposition of Russian restrictions on British airlines is retaliation to Britain's decision to ban Aeroflot flights from UK airports, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. He told Good Morning Britain: "I think that's their retaliation for us yesterday banning Aeroflot from using and landing in the United Kingdom. ] "That's their tit for tat response." READ MORE: Ukraine invasion: Civilian casualties fears with risk level ‘critical' Western leaders are set to convene a summit to hammer out how next to push back against the "cynical and brutal invasion" in Ukraine. Leaders of the 30 Nato allied nations will meet on Friday, US President Joe Biden confirmed, as they come under pressure to go even further than sanctions already announced to hit the Kremlin after what Boris Johnson described as a "dark day in the history of our continent". Mr Johnson told his Cabinet on Thursday night that the UK could be proud of its role in supporting Ukraine, after the Prime Minister announced the "largest and most severe" package of sanctions Russia has ever faced to punish "blood-stained aggressor" Vladimir Putin. A No10 spokesperson said: "He said the UK could be proud of the actions it has taken so far, playing a leading role in Nato, developing a tough economic sanctions package together with our allies, and providing lethal defensive weaponry to the Ukrainian government. DON'T MISS Despot cannot fight on multiple fronts [INSIGHT] Cities across the world protest against Russian tyrant Vladimir Putin [REVEAL] We've seen off the Russians before, we can do it again [COMMENT] "He told Cabinet that the Ukrainian military was fighting back in defiance of Putin's attempts to subjugate Ukraine. "And he pointed to protests within Russia which demonstrated that Putin's actions would also face resistance from within his own country." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and Mr Wallace spoke to their Ukrainian counterparts on Thursday night. Ms Truss tweeted: "We continue to support Ukraine politically, economically and defensively in the face of Russia's abhorrent invasion."  This week, the Russian President convened an unscheduled meeting with his security council in Moscow amid increasing tensions between Moscow and Kiev. The meeting was to decide whether Russia would recognise two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine as sovereign states. In recognising the independence of the People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, Russia has officially given up on the 2015 peace deals that recognise Ukraine's sovereignty over the territory. It also gives Russia a pretext to send troops to the separatist-held areas. According to Russian News Agency, TASS, Mr Putin made the decision to conduct a "special military operation" after a message from the Donetsk republic. Mr Putin said: "Its purpose is to protect the people who have for eight years been exposed to humiliation and genocide by the regime in Kiev. "For this, we will seek demilitarization and denazification of Ukraine, and also press for bringing to justice those who have committed numerous bloody crimes against peaceful civilians, including Russian citizens." Mr Putin also urged the Ukrainian military to "lay down arms at once and leave for home". He continued: "Those servicemen of the Ukrainian army who will meet this demand will be free to leave the zone of combat operations and return to their families."