The tyrant had all but obliterated dissent but his invasion of Ukraine has horrified Russians who had discounted Western claims he would try to oust the Kyiv regime. They had thought war with Slavic Ukraine was impossible but the shock is clear - some 1,850 protesters were hauled away in 52 cities on Thursday night. More protests occurred last night as Russians feared a stream of full bodybags returning home. Sergei Stolyarov, son-in-law of defence minister Sergei Shoigu, pleaded: "The biggest present for my birthday would be the re-establishment of peace." Singer and TV star Olga Orlova insisted: "We are against the war." Putin's Tv star god-daughter Ksenia Sobchak said: "We, the Russians, will be dealing with the consequences of today for many years to come." Fellow presenter Leonid Parfenov said Russia would be the country to suffer "the most grief". The ex-wife of Putin's PR chief Dmitry Peskov hit out. Ekaterina Solonitskaya said: "Not a single centimetre of annexed land is worth the life of one person. What if that one person is your child?" Putin has previously quashed major protests. The key now is whether anti-war sentiments are shared within the super-rich elite.  But the protests were echoed around the world: Manchester City defender and Ukraine captain Oleksandr Zinchenko joined thousands waving Ukraine's blue and yellow flag in his adopted city. He called Putin a "monster" and wished him a "most painful death" in an Instagram post that was later deleted. The 38,000 UK-based Ukrainians plan more protests. Hundreds gathered at Downing Street to demand the UN sends peacekeepers into Ukraine, as monuments across the UK, including the London Eye, Nelson's Column and Blackpool Tower were lit up in the colours of the Ukrainian flag. In Leeds, expats plan to buy aid for their compatriots. Ex-Kyiv resident Iuliia Leonova, 41, said her mother and sister were in an air raid shelter: "I've been crying all day." In the US, Oscar winners Jared Leto and Penelope Cruz spoke out. Fight Club's Leto said: "My heart breaks that this conflict has escalated" and Cruz wrote: "What the children of Ukraine need now is peace." Protests also took place near embassies around the globe, including in Istanbul, Berlin and Bangkok. 