No Return is back on ITV tonight (February 21) and the penultimate episode of the TV drama promises plenty of surprises. Kathy Powell's (played by Sheridan Smith) husband Martin feels immense pressure to support his family through a tragedy. Martin actor Michael Jibson has a famous brother and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Martin Jibson, 41, is an award-winning actor, writer and director whose father Tim is the director of Adventures In Radio. His father was a DJ on BBC Radio Humberside and Viking Radio from the 70s to the 90s. Martin made his stage debut at just 14 years old, as a member of Fagin's Gang in Oliver! at the London Palladium. At the age of just 22, he was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical for his performance as Joe Casey in the musical Our House. He is not the only actor in the family as his brother is Paul Jibson, an actor, director and producer. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith now fears for own son after intense ITV drama No Return Paul, 39, has starred in All About George and Heartbeat for ITV. He has also featured in a number of BBC shows including Dalziel and Pascoe and Holby City. Viewers may also recognise Paul as Adam Sheffield in Doctors. Michael's younger brother has also taken on roles in EastEnders and Casualty. His film work includes the short films No Drinks Allowed and Hammered. As for his writing and directing credits, his first short film was Winter Sun. Later in 2017, he produced the award-winning short film The Energy Within. As for Michael, he is married to actress Caroline Sheen and they have one daughter together. His film credits include Last Night in Soho, Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi and Beauty and the Beast. As for his TV roles, he will be starring in the upcoming series The Essex Serpent, as Matthew Evansford. DON'T MISS... Sheridan Smith shares No Return behind the scenes secrets [INSIGHT] Sheridan Smith admits to being 'messed up' by gritty dramas [INTERVIEW] Where is No Return on ITV filmed? [EXPLAINER] Michael is on Instagram and he has been sharing plenty of updates regarding his role in the ITV hit, No Return. On his first day of filming, he said: "Very excited to be on board with this fantastic production & script." [Sic] The show's writer, Danny Brocklehurst, said: "Michael Jibson was a revelation as Martin. "That was a very difficult part to cast because Martin is quite weak and actors don’t like to play weak. "But Michael gave it a real truth." Opening up about his role in No Return, he said: "What I found so interesting about playing Martin is he had to do some work on himself quite quickly. "To try and become the man that maybe his wife wanted him to be. "But ultimately who he didn’t have the confidence to be. That, again, is what is brilliant about Danny’s writing. "It’s all there for you to play without it being plastered in the script.” He and co-star Sheridan Smith have recently worked together in the BBC series Four Lives.  No Return airs on ITV on Mondays at 9pm