You may have already spotted hot cross buns and Easter eggs in the supermarket, meaning the countdown to Easter has started. Lent begins this week with Shrove Tuesday and Ash Wednesday. Here are all the Easter 2022 dates you need to put in your diary, including school and bank holidays.  The sun is shining brighter and the temperature is slowly climbing - it can only mean one thing: spring is on the horizon. The countdown to Easter begins this week, as Ash Wednesday marks the beginning of Lent. Pancake Day takes place on Tuesday, marking the first event in the Easter Calendar. READ MORE: Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’  Traditionally, Shrove Tuesday was a time for Christians to go to confession and become ‘shriven’ meaning absolved of their sins. Because Pancake Day falls just before Lent - a period of abstinence from rich foods including butter and eggs - cooking pancakes became a tasty tradition to use up these ingredients. Shrove Tuesday is followed by Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent and a day for prayer and repentance. Some Christians go to Church on Ash Wednesday and have an ash cross drawn on their forehead, symbolising death as people think back to Jesus’ resurrection and their own sins.  From Ash Wednesday, there are 40 days (excluding Sundays) of Lent.  Maundy Thursday commemorates the day of Jesus’ Last Supper. For Christians, this is a day to remember Jesus’ message of love and kindness. At the Vatican, the Pope washes and kisses the feet of 12 people, as Jesus did for his disciples. In the UK, the Queen often attends a church service called the Ceremony of the Royal Maundy, where she hands out ‘Maundy money’ to older people. Good Friday, also sometimes known as Holy Friday, is the day when Christians commemorate the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Many Christians devote this day to prayer, and some choose to fast as they remember the suffering of Christ. For non-Christians, this day is the start of the Easter Bank Holiday in the UK. DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading  [INSIGHT]Princess Anne to step up in place of Queen with major role [ANALYSIS]  Christians celebrate Christ’s resurrection on Easter Sunday, often celebrating with special church services and enjoying an Easter lunch with family to mark the end of Lent. Although not a Christian tradition, chocolate Easter eggs are often enjoyed on Easter Sunday too as an indulgence after the Lent period of abstinence. Easter Monday is a bank holiday in the UK. Although the Bible doesn’t detail what happened on Easter Monday, many Christian cultures around the world celebrate Easter Monday to round off their Easter Week celebrations.  The official end date of Lent is Saturday, April 16, 2022 - the day before Easter Sunday. Some schools around the country may differ, so check with your school or local council website. However, most schools in the UK will close for the Easter Holiday between April 4 and April 18, reopening on Tuesday, April 19. 