Saturday 19 February could prove to be a pivotal day in determining the outcome of this season's Premier League. Hours after Luis Diaz helped inspire Liverpool to battle back and overturn Norwich, Manchester City succumbed to a shock defeat at the hands of Tottenham, with last summer's top target Harry Kane putting them to the sword. It was a lesson in taking a transfer gamble. City's pursuit of Kane last year proved to be the saga of the summer, but their obstinate refusal to meet Daniel Levy's demands over the striker is a decision which could come back to bite them. The Spurs chairman was reportedly requesting a staggering £200million for his star man - a fee which City and Pep Guardiola deemed extortionate and unreasonable. Their decision to walk away from negotiations and enter the season without a recognised striker has thus far been justified, however Saturday could prove to be one of this season's landmark moments. Kane struck twice as Tottenham blew the title race wide open with a 3-2 triumph over Guardiola's side and underlined why Levy was so determined to retain his prized asset at almost all costs. DON'T MISS: Harry Kane blows title race wide open as Tottenham stun Man City City's decision not to cave into Levy's demands has understandably been called into question following Kane's Etihad exploits, however it also emphasised Liverpool's efficiency in the transfer market. A matter of hours before, the Premier League title race appeared all but over as Norwich were intent on causing an Anfield upset. Milot Rashica's deflected effort had given the Canaries a surprise lead and with over an hour played, Dean Smith's men still held their advantage. However, while City were made to rue their transfer market reluctance, Liverpool's decision to splash the cash on Luis Diaz in January was justified. MUST READ: Tottenham beat Man City: 4 things we learned as Kane inspires  Along with goals from Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah, the recently acquired £50m man was also on the scoresheet, helping inspire the turnaround to subsequently leave the Reds six points adrift of Guardiola's side with a game in hand and City still to play. While one transfer target was punishing the side who opted against signing him, the other was leading the way in his new team's relentless title charge. Make no mistake about it, Liverpool weren't initially intending on capturing the Colombian last month. However, after Tottenham - of all clubs - expressed an interest, the Reds ruthlessly changed their approach and paid Porto what was required.   Liverpool may well have ended up forking out more than they were hoping to for the winger, but it was a gamble they had to take in order to fend off fellow suitors and guarantee they got their man. By stark contrast, City were made to regret their stubborn stance over Kane on Saturday. Perhaps they should take note. With Diaz in the ranks, Liverpool look an even more frightening force and appear hell-bent on taking the title race to the wire - a notion which was almost unthinkable at one point on Saturday afternoon. The Reds' commitment to snapping him up, coupled with City's decision to relinquish their pursuit of Kane, could ultimately prove to be the difference this season. Only time will tell.  