Rylan Clark's absence from BBC Radio 2 had sparked concern amongst his legion of listeners after the DJ was missing from his show for two weeks. The Strictly It Takes Two presenter had taken to social media at the time and explained that he was bed bound after falling ill. The 33-year-old has shared that he is back "bouncing fit" after he was rushed to hospital. After two weeks away, the Radio 2 host returned to the airwaves on Saturday for his regular afternoon slot which starts at 3pm. The on-screen favourite told listeners "he's back" before going straight to playing a song. After the music wrapped, he went into more detail about being back to work, following a hospital stay. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White's heartbreak over Jamal Edwards death He cheekily poked fun at being off the airwaves after Rylan explained that he had suffered from the flu. "I want to say a massive thank you to Gary and OJ for stepping in the last couple of weeks, don't stress," he said. Putting on a voice, and referring to himself in the third person, he continued: "He's alive, he's alive, he is back and bouncing fit and do we have a show for you this afternoon." The news comes after Rylan was taken to hospital after he had fallen ill.  The star did not confirm why he needed treatment, but he previously told his fans he had come down with the flu and was bedridden for a few days. Sharing a picture of his arm fitted with a cannula, the star confirmed that he was “on the mend”. He wrote: “Finally home after an extended trip to Costa del hospital. Slowly on the mend. “Won’t be on the wireless tomorrow. Resting up. Be back soon." DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life[LATEST]Loose Women's Charlene White's heartbreak over Jamal Edwards death[TRIBUTE]A Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe on show downsides 'Sad'[EXCLUSIVE] The former X Factor star usually presents Rylan On Saturday every week between 3-6pm, but his recent health troubles meant the presenter would be absent from the show. Earlier this month, he was also forced to pull out of his stint on the airwaves after coming down with the flu. Rylan told his followers at the time: “Gone and got the flu (not surprised) been in bed for a couple of days. “Have lat tested and not Covid thankfully but won’t be able to go on the wireless tomorrow. Be back soon x.” Rylan issued a further update on his health whilst co-hosting the One Show on Thursday alongside Alex Jones, 44. Welcoming her co-host onto the BBC show, Alex asked: "How are you lovely?" People have been worried." He responded: "I'm good. So nice to be back. You know me, I just love a little drama." Rylan further commented: "I'm very good now, thank you. I had a little bit of a dodgy time but I'm good."