 In a poll which ran from 9am to 4pm on Tuesday, February 22, Express.co.uk asked: “Will you continue to self-isolate after catching coronavirus once it’s no longer mandatory?” A total of 1,520 people cast their vote, and the results paint a clear picture.    The vast majority — 71 percent — said “yes”, they will continue to isolate. A further 29 percent said “no”, they would not isolate. Not a single person selected the “I don’t know” option in the poll. Largely, the comments left under the poll show a desire to protect one another by staying home when ill with Covid. But there is a growing sense of frustration with the Government, too, with people worried about how they’ll be able to tell if they have Covid without free testing. Username Riccky said: “Yes, if I’m ill I will stop in until I feel better, like I would with the flu. “But the bigger question is: if I have symptoms of a cold and testing kits are not freely available, what should I do, as it could be a ‘harmless’ cold or Covid?” READ MORE: Self isolation rule changes for every UK nation in full  And username Taxed to Death wrote: “Since I won't be testing I won't know I have Covid, so I won't need to isolate!” Largely, everyone who commented expressed a desire to look after their fellow humans. Username Beehive wrote: “Yes. We do not need Government rules to do the right thing.” And username alimac said: “Of course, just as you would do with common flu or any other highly transmissible virus.” Username ValmaiJones wrote: “We are responsible for each other. “Any contagious disease I would isolate. As would luckily everyone I know.” Username Grockle said: “In the small rural community we live in we will, of course, do all we reasonably can to reduce the chances of passing Covid on to friends and neighbours — some of [whom] are extremely vulnerable. “We also know that a couple of phone calls or emails will have someone bringing us some shopping or collecting a prescription — and we will do the same for them if they need a hand from someone.” And username Caribudus added: “There will be those who don't care about their loved ones who are vulnerable or elderly and those who do. “Personally, I will continue with being considerate of others.”  DON'T MISS: UK should ‘stay the hell out' of Russia-Ukraine conflict [POLL]Prince Andrew cash FACT-CHECK: Did the Queen fund payout? [INSIGHT]Russia vs Ukraine in charts and numbers: How a conflict could play out [MAPS] The poll came as the Prime Minister unveiled his “living with Covid” plan, which will see the end of mandatory self-isolation and the end of free testing. The Government will also end the £500 self-isolation support payment for people on low incomes who test positive for Covid from Thursday. However, the Government will still “advise” people to stay home and avoid contact with others for at least five full days if they catch the virus. Speaking at a Downing Street press conference on Monday evening, Mr Johnson said: "Today is not the day we can declare victory over Covid, because this virus is not going away".  He described the pandemic as "two of the darkest, grimmest years in our peacetime history". However, he said the nation had passed the peak of Omicron, with falling cases and hospital admissions. He added that the country could now complete the "transition back towards normality" while retaining contingencies to respond to a Covid resurgence or a new variant. England's chief medical officer Sir Chris Whitty said the ending of Covid restrictions was a "gradual, steady change", adding: "This is not a sudden 'everything stops'." 