Lewis Hamilton has joked he will need a cushion in his Mercedes W13 for the 2022 season to help with visibility. A change in tyre size ahead of the new campaign has prompted discussion about how easily Formula One stars can see.   Fresh regulations have seen the tyre size increase from 13 inches to 18. Some drivers have suggested that the switch makes visibility harder. And Hamilton has quipped that he will need a cushion to give him a boost in his new Mercedes car. “I’m probably sitting a little bit too low because I’m seeing a lot of sky at the moment,” he told journalists.   JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton shuts down Max Verstappen meet-up after Red Bull trip “But I’ll get a cushion or something to sit higher.” McLaren’s Daniel Ricciardo has also offered his view on how well drivers can see in the new cars. The Australian has pointed out that fans are unable to see from the same perspective as the racers. “It’s another thing with F1 – obviously, it’s a very unrelatable sport because no one can jump in the car and really experience what it’s like but even a lot of onboard cameras from the top.    “So you see so much more, so you might think you’re riding with the driver, but you’re not really getting like the driver’s point of view. "Actually, they did test a few cameras last year, but my point is you don’t see that much, period. “This year, you see less again, but you also get used to it and you just find reference points and things like this. So it is something that gets easier over time. “But [visibility] probably hasn’t been that great since the old days when they were sitting right at the front of the car and a lot higher.”   DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflictMercedes chief bemoans 'difficult morning' with Lewis Hamilton in testHaas announce plans to remove Russian colours for 'plain white livery' Hamilton’s place in 2022 was initially in doubt as the Mercedes star suffered from the controversial end to last season. The FIA has since deposed race director Michael Masi as part of the sweeping changes during the off-season, but Hamilton has said he would still like to see the full report from the investigation into the end of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. “I've not seen it. I didn't think it was out yet. I'm excited to see the results from that report. “I think hopefully everyone will get to see it, and to have perhaps a better understanding of everything. “I think ultimately, like everything, it's down to understanding where we've been, so we can move forwards in a positive light.”   