Manchester United chiefs are split on Cristiano Ronaldo, with some reportedly admitting that he is not the player they expected. The Portuguese's future at Old Trafford hangs in the balance, and his reunion could be cut short with numerous factors pointing towards the Glazers sanctioning a summer exit. Ronaldo started up top on Sunday for United's long-awaited grudge match with Leeds at Elland Road. The Red Devils looked to be cruising when Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes put them two up by half time, but two quickfire responses sparked jubilation from the home crowd. With the contest finely balanced, Fred and Anthony Elanga both struck late to seal a 4-2 victory for United in which Ronaldo was substituted during the second half. Leeds fans jeered the former Real Madrid superstar when his number was held up, and it marked the end of another disappointing display in which he failed to find the net, or truly influence the match. JUST IN: Romelu Lukaku savaged by Chelsea flop as he's told he should be 'embarrassed'  Before Sunday's win over Leeds, Ronaldo got himself back on the scoresheet against Brighton, which remains his only goal of 2022. After a blistering start to his Red Devils return, the 37-year-old's output has slowed significantly, raising questions about his contribution to the side when he does not find the net. With Champions League qualification far from assured, reports indicate that the Glazers will not stand in Ronaldo's way if he requests a summer exit. The lack of resistance behind the scenes may not be too surprising, as The Independent claim that United chiefs are currently split on the Portuguese star. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS) Allegedly, some of Ronaldo's loyalists have even changed their tune amid claims that, in light of his struggle to adapt, they have not seen the player they expected. That leaves his set of supporters among United figures offset by what seems to be a growing collection of sceptics, who may be happy to see the back of him at the end of the season. Rumours of dressing room division and discontent often involve the legendary attacker, even if a host of United stars have refuted claims of tension between senior stars. Ronaldo's future, particularly as Man Utd's starting striker, was recently plunged into doubt when interim boss Ralf Rangnick admitted that they are sure to go after a younger frontman in the summer. The Portuguese could therefore be just one part of an inevitable attacking exodus, with Edinson Cavani also approaching the end of his contract at Old Trafford. Anthony Martial is believed to be keen on securing his future elsewhere after his loan stint with Sevilla, and Mason Greenwood faces an uncertain few months after his arrest. Ronaldo signed a two-year contract with United to divert his seemingly imminent move to Manchester City last summer, including the option to extend for an extra year. A pendulum swing among Red Devils chiefs could see the reunion slashed to just a single season. 