The Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Denmark today, February 22, to learn more about the country’s approach to early childhood development. The aim of the two-day trip is to “explore how The Centre of Early Childhood can take learnings from this world-leading work”, according to Kensington Palace. This is Kate’s first trip abroad in almost three years, due to the pandemic. It is the first time the Duchess is bringing the work of The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, located in Kensington Palace, to the international stage. The Centre aims to drive awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years. On this trip, it will learn from Denmark’s example as a country widely recognised as a world leader in its approach and investment in early childhood development. READ MORE: The royal whose favourite perfume costs £245 - & not Kate or Meghan During the two-day tour, Kate will meet with a broad range of people, including families with children, leading researchers, representatives from academia, and those working in the early education sector. In a video posted to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s Twitter account, the Duchess was seen arriving at the first stop of the tour. She looked smart and put together in a red blazer and slightly flared black trousers. But what stole the show was Kate’s new jewellery – a pair of pearl earrings and a matching pearl necklace.  These items are new and were fitting for the Danish visit. The earrings, which feature gleaming pearls dangling from a gold hoop, are from Danish jewellery brand Maria Black. Although born in Denmark, designer Maria Black moved to the UK to attend Goldsmiths University in London. She is known for her modern, sculptural designs, which also have a personal feel. Some of her jewellery pieces are playful and feature yellow smiling emojis and green alien caricatures. Kate’s earrings seem to be the designer’s Cha Cha Earrings, which are described on the Maria Black website as “just as vibrant as a real-life Cha-cha”. One earring is on sale for £152, while a pair comes to £304. Although the Duchess’ necklace matches the earrings, it is from a different brand altogether. Featuring a mid-length gold chain and a diamond-shaped freshwater pearl, the necklace is from British jewellery brand Monica Vinader. This brand is clearly a favourite of Kate’s as she already owns some of its jewellery pieces. Kate has been seen wearing a gold and green pair of earrings from Monica Vinader’s Siren line. Meghan Markle is also a fan – the Duchess of Sussex owns the Linear Solo Friendship Diamond Bracelet, which she has worn on many occasions in public. The necklace Kate wore in Copenhagen today seems to be the Nura Pearl Necklace, which costs £120 on the Monica Vinader website. However, customers can buy the fine gold chain and the pearl pendant charm separately – the chain costing £50 and the pendant charm coming to £70. As for Kate’s clothes, her textured, double-breasted blazer with gold buttons was from high street store Zara. Underneath the jacket, the Duchess wore a white shirt with a frilled open collar and a pair of black, floor-length trousers. She completed the look with black stiletto heels and a black handbag. The handbag had a crocodile print design and was from the brand Aspinal of London. Royal fans were quick to comment on Kate’s outfit, with many saying how good she looked. Twitter user Penelope wrote: “Gorgeous!!! Looking forward to this visit.” User @CatGayn said: “Fantastic.” Victoria commented: “This is so lovely.” Liana added: “This is so wonderful and exciting!”