 The first trailer for Foo Fighter’s first theatrical movie just dropped and it looks as bonkers as expected. Seemingly a spiritual successor to classic hits like This is Spinal Tap and Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny (which Grohl appeared in), this new mockumentary is set to premiere on Friday, February 25, 2022 in cinemas. The band’s lead singer is leading the cast, joined by his entire band and even Lionel Richie.     Foo Fighters just dropped their 10th studio album, Medicine at Midnight, on February 5. Originally set to debut in 2020, it was pushed back several times due to the pandemic. Its release was therefore fraught with problems, though Studio 666 is about to show the “true” origins of the album. This mockumentary is giving a fictitious recounting of how the band wrote the record, as Grohl says: "Foo Fighters need to make a record. We don't want to use a studio. Find a creepy old house. We wind up recording in the house. House is haunted. I become possessed. I kill the whole band, and then I go solo." (via ET Online). However, the origins of the project started as a love letter to the band Spinal Tap, and their 1984 musical comedy mockumentary.    READ MORE: John Deacon spotted: Look at Queen legend now   Speaking to the New York Post, Grohl said: “In our way, it was like this ultimate gore Spinal Tap. It was one of the most inspiring rock ’n’ roll films because it made everyone take a look at themselves and think, ‘Oh s***t, I hope I’m not like that.’ And so it was kind of a manual of what not to do — or else you might become Spinal Tap.” He added: “It is something I never wanted to or expected to do. It just kinda happened. A friend of mine … had a meeting with these people that said that they want to make a horror film with Foo Fighters." His surprising response was: "That’s the stupidest f**king idea I’ve ever heard in my life. There’s no way we’d do that s**t.” The 53-year-old musician is no stranger to appearing in Hollywood productions. In the recent third instalment of Bill & Ted, Face the Music, he briefly made a cameo. Back in 2015, he did the same in The Muppets movie, playing himself in both projects. And, when Foo Fighters started recording their new album, he couldn't resist but to start acting once again in the movie idea he originally thought was "s**t".      Grohl said: “When we started making this new record, we rented this house — the house in the movie. And while we were in there writing, I’m like: ‘Wait a second. We have this creepy old house. We might as well make the record, take a two-week break, and then just make some silly little horror film.’ … It snowballed into a full-length feature film and just kind of took off, man, like a crazy train.” It is also loaded with familiar faces, as music lovers will see plenty of cameos throughout the film. Will Forte, Jenna Ortega and Whitney Cummings all make an appearance. However, the biggest name on the list is bizarrely Lionel Richie, making for one of the stranger cameos in the film.    DON'T MISS...Furious Magnificent Seven stars 'never forgave' Steve McQueen [INSIGHT]Elvis Presley married Priscilla then confessed love to Ann-Margret [EXPLAINER]Tom Holland’s Uncharted gets surprising sequel news from Sony [INSIGHT]  Speaking to ET, Grohl said: “He was written into the script. [The] screenwriters didn't know that I actually know him, so when I read the script I was like, 'Oh my god, let’s just text him!' So I texted him and I'm like, 'Dude we're making a horror film. You want to be in it?' And he was like, 'Absolutely.' And that was it." The band is currently on their 2022 tour in the USA and is set to play in the UK over the summer. Studio 666 is getting a limited release though it will be available in most cinema chains across the UK from Friday 25th. Find the full interview here.