Bradley Walsh has become one of the most recognised faces on British television and the TV legend is reported to be one of the UK's highest paid hosts. The ITV favourite is the presenter on the popular game show The Chase but first rose to prominence as a footballer, before he ventured into the world of acting. In an unearthed interview, the 61-year-old revealed that he almost turned down big opportunity because it meant being separated from his wife Donna Derby. Bradley, who tied the knot with his other half in 1997, admitted that his partner had persuaded him to take the role. The ITV favourite explained that it was because of Donna that he signed up for Coronation Street in 2004. He told the Mirror: "I wouldn’t swap my missus for the world. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'confused' Super Bowl appearance questioned "Donna isn’t just beautiful; she’s the most fantastic wife and mother." He continued: "It’s because of her I signed with Coronation Street. "She’s the one who recognised what it could do for me even though it would mean being apart." He enjoyed a two-year stint on Coronation Street from 2004 to 2006, with his other acting credits including Doctor Who spin-off The Sarah Jane Adventures and ITV's crime drama Law & Order: UK.  The Chase host also praised his wife for keeping him grounded throughout his career. He told the Huffington Post: “My wife especially [does]. Without a shadow of a doubt.” Bradley's wife Donna is a choreographer and former dancer that appeared in music videos and TV shows in the late 1980s. They tied the knot in 1997, and have been married for over two decades. DON'T MISS... Chris Packham shares heartbreak as pregnant badger is killed by car[LATEST]Donny Osmond admits wife saved him from 'crippling anxiety'[HEALTH]Katya Jones reacts to Strictly Come Dancing co-star's baby news[STRICTLY] The pair met in 1992 and are often seen together at red carpet events looking cosy. Donna is the mother of his youngest child, Barney. Meanwhile, Bradley has enjoyed a longstanding career in the TV industry. He bagged a stint presenting the National Lottery on BBC One in 1994 as his first TV job. This then kicked off his run of presenting game shows - with Bradley taking over as the host of the popular Wheel Of Fortune in 1997. He's also enjoyed appearances on Night And Day, The Spa and SunTrap. Alongside his son, Barney, he starred in Bradley Walsh & Son: Breaking Dad on ITV, which is now back on our screens. Bradley has also fronted the reboot of Blankety Blank which was previously hosted by broadcasting legend Sir Terry Wogan. Bradley Walsh & Son: Breaking Dad airs tonight on ITV at 8pm 