Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has spoken out after his side's 1-1 Champions League draw with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. Joao Felix's first half header looked to have given Diego Simeone's side a first-leg advantage. Yet Anthony Elanga struck in the closing stages to ensure his side return to Manchester still very much in with a chance of going through to the quarter-finals. United entered their match with Atletico as slight underdogs. And they were poor in the early stages of the contest, with Felix heading the hosts in front after Harry Maguire allowed him to get in front. For a long time, it looked as though United would be returning to Manchester needing to overcome a first-leg defeat. Yet substitute Elanga came on in the closing stages, with the 19-year-old scoring a vital goal in the closing stages. United, certainly, weren’t at their swashbuckling best at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. And Rangnick criticised his side’s performance, while also admitting he wants players to be more like Elanga in terms of his attitude. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "He is playing as though it is a dream come true, it is a joy and fun to watch him play, I wish a few other players would take him as an example and as a role model,” he said. “Football is an important sport, even more so for the supporters, and it is a ball game. This is what I wish us to do especially in the second leg. "To start with, we could do with him (Victor Lindelof) in aerial duels, set-pieces, free-kicks for and against us. “All three centre-halves were in good shape, but after seven minutes we were 1-0 down the plan was in the dustbin. “I knew this was not his best position, when we had Aaron Wan-Bissaka on the ball and Alex Telles, we had more possession and more assistance from the wings. In the end, due to the early goal it was difficult. "In the second half we showed in quite a few moments how we have to play. “It will be different at home in front of 75,000 fans and more conviction than we did in the first half." DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Rangnick also said: "I don't know if I rescued it but after the performance in the first half, it could only get better. “What we played in the first half I still cannot believe. We played without conviction, without aggression and that is why we were struggling. “Second half we did better, more possession in areas that mattered and if we played another 10 minutes we might have won the game. “We have to play better in the first half, I was very disappointed by that performance in the first half. "Against and with the ball we were far too apprehensive and did not take any risks. We only played it in our own half and then it is difficult against a team like Atletico. “Their goal was difficult to defend, a brilliant cross and finish. We have to play with more conviction on the ball, we need more deep runs and the way we scored the goal was exactly that. This is how we have to play against them." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Goalscorer Elanga also spoke out after the game. And the youngster admitted he was delighted with his goal, while also thanking Rangnick for the faith he’s shown in him so far. "Think it was my first touch as well,” he said when asked about his strike. “I have dreamt of moments like this, scoring in the Champions League against top European teams like Atletico Madrid, a dream come true. “It is only first half, we have to be ready for the second half at Old Trafford. "I told you how calm and cool I am and whenever I am given a opportunity I want to repay the manager and give 150 per cent everytime I step onto the pitch. “I just do what I can do, I want to be the best player on the pitch and I appreciate the boss. "You've got to stay in the game, anything can happen. “We did not play the best in the first half, but improved after the substitutions in the second half. "He (Ralf Rangnick) said to me to make the defenders scared and run in behind. “When I get the opportunity to take it. I wanted a good result for the fans because they came a long way." 