The weather is looking up for most of the UK, with a brighter weekend forecast following a flurry of harsh storms. Getting a dose of much-needed sunshine while gardening is beneficial for both you and your garden - and there are plenty of timely tasks to get done. From your lawn to your furniture, these are the six jobs you should do in your garden this weekend. The dormant winter period is a slow time for gardening, but the arrival of March signals a new growth period. Fresh shoots on your garden lawn can leave edges looking rugged, and now is the time to tidy them up. Use a lawn edger tool to sharpen path edges around the perimeter of your lawn for a neater spring lawn. The unusually mild weather and warmer temperatures will trigger early grass growth as early as March, so you might need to mow your lawn now to get ahead of the more vigorous shoots. If your garden is filled with everything from trees to shrubs to flowers, you will have your work cut out for you this weekend. Many varieties are ready for a late-winter prune ahead of the growing season, so be sure to check for damage and overgrowth throughout your garden. Spring-flowering plants will struggle to bloom if they are left un-pruned, but it’s crucial to get it done before the buds begin to show. Evergreen shrubs, climbing and bush roses, apple and pear trees are all ready for pruning right now - so brush off your secateurs and get pruning. Extend your household spring cleaning to your garden and brush off furniture, sheds and any other storage spaces you might have. Focus on: A simple dish soap and water solution will do the trick to clean up most surface dust and grime your shed might be housing. Use WD-40 to refresh gardening tools for sharp cuts while pruning and trimming your garden throughout spring. Don’t forget to clean the greenhouse and gutters for a fresh start ahead of the warmer season. Spring is an abundant time for bright blooms, but they will struggle to thrive without the right soil conditions. Prepare your plant beds by completing some essential weeding before the warm weather hits. Break up the soil and add plenty of organic matter for more nutritious bedding. Manure, fruit peelings and chicken pellets are ideal for naturally fertilising the soil throughout the warmer season. Check seed packets for planting dates to make sure you don’t miss out on any potential crops throughout spring and summer. Many hardy varieties are ready to be sown at this time of year - both in greenhouses and in the garden. If you notice any soon-to-expire seeds, kick start the growing process with this simple water hack. Boil the kettle and leave it to cool before using the water to feed newly seeded pots. The warmth of the water will speed up the germination process and get you up to speed with planting if you’re a little late starting. The transition between February and March is a plentiful time for sowing summer seeds in your garden. From vegetables to vibrant blooms, there is plenty to choose from to add to your garden, including: Always check seeds packets for tailored instructions, including where and how to plant them.