For some strange reason this wisdom appears to have been disapplied when it comes to Brexit, despite Britain’s departure from the EU having been backed after an exhaustive referendum campaign by the largest number of people ever to vote for anything in UK history. Leading lights in our own political class spent years trying to block Brexit from happening and run the referendum a second time, behaving like petulant children screaming they “weren’t ready” after being soundly beaten in a foot race. Now their European cousins ‑ Members of the European Parliament ‑ have piled in with a report suggesting Britons could not have known what they were doing when they voted to Leave the EU. They argue any future referendums on leaving in other countries should be subjected to a second confirmatory vote later on. The MEPs also demand that the European Commission brings forward legislation to allow political parties to finance pro-integration and pro-membership campaigns in any country holding a referendum on a new EU treaty that transfers yet more powers to Brussels. Proposals to skew the financial playing field in favour of pro-Brussels campaigns are apparently designed to “preserve the European integration process”. “British citizens had scant knowledge about the EU and were not adequately informed about the far-reaching consequences of the decision to Leave,” the report loftily claims. “Citizens were never given a clear picture of the relationship their country would have with the EU once it left and were often misled about the implications of the withdrawal.” The degree of conceit underpinning this verdict is unusual, even by the standards of true believers in a United States of Europe, whether the peoples of Europe want it or not. The implication is that nobody with a sufficient degree of knowledge about the EU could have voted against it and exposure to the brilliant arguments of pro-integration MEPs would magically have persuaded UK Leave voters of the error of their ways. Speaking as a former MEP – one who campaigned hard for Brexit for years in the run-up to the referendum – I must say my colleagues and I also regretted that our efforts to encourage various EU big-wigs to come and play a major part in campaign debates did not succeed. We knew that the spectacle of Jean-Claude Juncker lecturing British voters about how there could be “no democratic choice against the EU treaties” – would go down very badly. So did the Remain campaign, which let Juncker and other leading EU lights know their presence was not desired. The idea that Britons would have voted Remain had they known in advance just how difficult the EU would be when it came to negotiating a harmonious future relationship is also deeply flawed and misunderstands the British psyche. Again, it would have been far more likely to have swollen the Leave-supporting ranks by alerting voters to the fact our supposed European “partners” were prepared to adopt bullying tactics and take needlessly hostile positions on matters that should have been straightforward to resolve. Many a Remain voter has told me the behaviour of the EU towards the UK since the referendum has made them wish they had voted to Leave. This latest EU document mocking Brexit and presenting it as a deeply irrational choice of the ignorant, achieves the precise opposite of what was intended by its authors.   It shows that it is impossible to co-exist with fanatics who are incapable of reaching even the most basic understanding of another point of view. Britain chose Brexit predominantly because the British people had never stopped wishing to hold sovereignty and democratic accountability at the national level and had been falsely told that joining the EEC would not imperil this. We always knew that Britain was good enough to govern itself and, in the words of the former MP Mark Reckless, was “worth more than a star on someone else’s flag”. The British people have spoken and no amount of disdain or ridicule from Brussels is likely to make them change their minds. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea