State pensioners usually expect an increase to their sum yearly, however, this is not a guarantee. The state pension will only rise if Britons reside in certain countries. These are: Those living outside these countries will not get yearly increases, and it is thought 500,000 people are impacted in this way. This is the case for Barry Gardner, 73, who has experienced a frozen state pension for the last eight and a half years. Born in Grays, Essex, Mr Gardner worked for a total of 33 years in the UK, all the while contributing to his state pension. READ MORE: Pension alert as families may face 'significant tax charge' He first started work at the age of 17 as a storeman, then moving on to a job as a mattress quilter. From 1966 until 1997, he worked for British Rail, starting as an apprentice until his final position as a senior manager. But when British Rail was privatised, he was made redundant, and left unsure what to do next. Deciding there were no suitable jobs in the UK, he departed the country and moved over 6,000 miles to Malaysia. DON'T MISSState pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% [INSIGHT]Britons to receive ‘modest’ income as triple lock suspended [ANALYSIS]Good news as thousands of Britons become ISA millionaires [UPDATE] But in doing so, he was forced to reckon with the fact his pension would be frozen at £122.90 per week. He told the End Frozen Pensions campaign: “I find living on a frozen pension difficult, because things do not get cheaper just because you retire. “I still support my children and grandchildren in the UK for essentials, medical and other expenses.” Mr Gardner explained he previously enquired about his entitlement at state pension age to find out what he may receive. He was told his National Insurance contributions made across his lifetime would entitle him to a full state pension. However, this, he argued was a “blatant lie” due to the fact his pension is now frozen as he has chosen to live overseas. He continued: “The frozen pension is unfair because I paid all my dues, National Insurance and taxes. “Redundancy led me to a country which was not on the unfrozen list. “This list selectively penalises and discriminates against genuine pensioners who worked their entire lives in the UK, based on something which the pensioners have no control.” Mr Gardener also lamented the situation for expats who previously served in the Armed Forces. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He added: “War veterans of World War Two and the Falklands are also caught up in the discriminatory action by this and previous Governments for the last 70 years. “These people are the ones who are against paying full pension to loyal UK subjects who have never been accused of any misdeeds. “People for many reasons just live overseas in the ‘wrong’ country after retirement.” The policy on frozen state pensions has been in force for decades, however, groups such as End Frozen Pensions believe it must be ended. A Government spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”