Kate dazzled as she officially began her two-day visit to the Danish capital city. The Duchess of Cambridge landed in Copenhagen this afternoon, after she chose to undertake her brief trip aboard a scheduled British Airways Flight rather than a private jet. Her flight, the Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer reported, landed 30 minutes late than scheduled. Upon her arrival, she was welcomed by the British Ambassador to Denmark Emma Hopkins. Kate paid tribute to the country hosting her for the next two days with her outfit, as she donned a red blazer above a white ruffled blouse - the colours of the Danish flag. The Duchess also donned a black pair of trousers and a wide black bag as well as black heels. The Duchess is on a fact-finding trip to learn and better understand how Denmark has become "a beacon" in its approach to the early years and childhood development. Her first stop in this whirlwind tour was at the University of Copenhagen, when she learned more about the Copenhagen Infant Mental Health Project. This study is helping health visitors identify young children at risk of adverse social and emotional development. At the university, Kate met researchers working on the programme as well as health visitors. READ MORE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed For this visit, Kate changed the wide bag she used for travelling into a smaller black handbag. This solo trip marks the first time Kate has taken the work of the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood to the international stage. This is particularly poignant as the Duchess has deepened her interest in the early years and worked behind the scenes on the centre for a decade before officially launching it in June. Kensington Palace marked Kate's arrival to Denmark by sharing on social media a video of the Duchess entering Copenhagen University. It also wrote on Twitter: "We have arrived in Copenhagen! To learn more about Denmark’s approach to early childhood development "And explore how The Centre for Early Childhood can take learnings from this world-leading work." DON'T MISS The Duchess teased this visit earlier this month, when she shared on the Cambridges' official Twitter account a video showing her hands building a Danish flag with Lego bricks. In a personal message she signed off with her initials, Kate wrote: "Looking forward to learning from experts, parents & practitioners about Denmark’s approach to early childhood later this month. "Denmark is a beacon of best practice in its approach to the early years, with a culture which prioritises the best start in life."Showing she was ready for her trip, she signed off the tweet saying "Pa snarligt gensyn", which means "See you soon" in Danish. While this visit will be heavily focused on the early years and how to change the perception society have of this period of life and give children the best start in life, Prince William's wife will also represent Britain and the Crown while abroad. In particular, she is to stress how close the bonds are between the UK and Denmark's royal families. On Wednesday, she will receive an official welcome to the country from Queen Margrethe II, who is celebrating her Golden Jubilee this year. Kate will also join Crown Princess Mary, the wife of future king Crown Prince Frederik, in a visit to projects carried out by her foundation supporting vulnerable women and children escaping domestic violence. Kate and Princess Mary first met in 2011, during an official trip to Denmark of the Cambridges carried out a few months after the Duchess had tied the knot with Prince William at Westminster Abbey. Kate and Mary have since met on multiple occasions - including during celebrations of Prince Charles's 70th birthday in 2018 and at Royal Ascot.  They also came head to head last summer at Wembley Stadium, as they both accompanied their families to watch the England v Denmark EURO2020 match. Moreover, Kate has already met Queen Margrethe too, as the Danish sovereign was one of the most prestigious guests at the Cambridges' nuptials. On Kate's visit to Denmark, a Kensington Palace spokeswoman, speaking when the trip was first announced, said: "The Duchess is looking forward to visiting the country, learning from the Danish people, and continuing to build on the already close friendship between the two countries." This trip to Copenhagen marks Kate's first official visit abroad since March 2020, when she visited Ireland alongside Prince William.