The bank is increasing the savings rate for its linked savings accounts as of March 1, 2022. Following this, the interest rate will rise from 0.35 percent AER to a one percent AER for both new and current customers on balances up to £25,000. However, for balances above this £25,000 threshold, the rate will be increased to 0.50 percent. Among the various linked current accounts which will experience this rate hike are the Virgin Money M Plus Account, the Virgin Money Club M Account and the Virgin Money M Account. Each of these current accounts from Virgin Money come with a linked savings account attached. This is to make it easier for customers to “manage their money” and move savings, according to the bank. Recently, the Bank of England increased the base rate to 0.50 percent with Virgin Money’s latest increase being reflective of that. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Hugh Chater, the chief commercial officer at Virgin Money, outlined why the bank is rewarding its customers with this rate deal. Mr Chater explained: “Following the Bank of England base rate increase, we want to reward our customers for saving with us and give UK consumers more reasons to bank with Virgin Money. “We recognise the importance of supporting our customers in these challenging financial times, and by boosting our linked savings rates we can give customers better value for their savings.” As well as this latest interest rate hike, Virgin Money has a Cashback opportunity which is also available to its customers.  By signing onto the Virgin Money Banking app, customers are able to acquire cashback into their current accounts on everyday purchases. Cashback usually takes a couple of weeks to be processed and delivered into the account of the customer’s choice. On the bank’s website, Virgin Money breaks down its cashback offering and how people can benefit from it. Virgin Money stated: “Earn cashback on your shopping when you spend with participating retailers or set up a Direct Debit with them. “Offers are updated regularly, so keep an eye on the app or sign up for push notifications. “Just remember to use the card linked to your app to make sure you get cashback. “Once a transaction goes through, the cashback you earn will be sent to your Virgin Money Cashback account within 35 days. You don’t need to do a thing.” Further information on Virgin Money’s savings accounts and deals can be found on the bank’s website.