Travellers are being advised to check their passport validity and make sure they carry the right documentation before travelling to Europe, as a Brexit rule which many travellers are not aware of could ruin an entire holiday. A woman recently lost £2,000 in accommodation, hotel and flights after she was turned away at a Ryanair check-in desk. She had to leave her family at the airport and was unable to go on holiday to Majorca. This is an issue many holidaymakers have encountered this last year. The reason for this is a Brexit rule which came into force after December 31, 2020. READ MORE: 'Kids are kings here': Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' - 'Spaniards are loud'  Before this date, Britons could simply travel with a valid passport. Now, the British passport must have at least three months validity beyond the day holidaymakers plan to travel. However, it gets even more complicated as although the UK issues passports for a total of 10 years, for travelling to the EU the validity runs out nine years and nine months after the date it was issued. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  When looking at the passport's expiry date, Britons may think it is valid for travel until three months before the end of the 10 years. But for the EU, however, it stops being valid nine years and nine months after it was issued. This would be a completely different date. Therefore, if a travellers' passport has four months validity to play with, they won't be allowed to travel when presented at the check-in desk. In recent years, the Government has been issuing passports with an extra few months added to the overall validity. According to the Foreign Office: “If you renewed your current passport before the previous one expired, extra months may have been added to its expiry date.” Britons are advised to check their passport validity carefully as under this rule, a valid passport can be rejected at the check-in desk when travelling to Europe. Ryanair commented on the matter. “Ryanair complies with all European Commission travel regulations and passengers travelling between the EU and the UK after the end of the transition period must have a passport that is not valid for more than 10 years. "It is each passenger’s responsibility to check the travel rules and country-specific requirements before travelling. "These T&C’s are available on Ryanair.com.”