Hotel Benidorm: Sun, Sea & Sangria, which airs on Channel 5, follows residents and tourists alike in the Spanish town. Tonight, British tourists explained why they love the town and shared advice for others hoping to visit. Benidorm is popular with UK holidaymakers and expats due to the stunning weather and large British community. Speaking in the show, the narrator stated: "With almost 2,000 bars and three miles of golden beaches, around five million tourists visit this seaside resort every year." The latest instalment of the show followed workers at a hotel as they welcomed lots of UK families visiting during their school half-term. As well as families, two best friends headed to enjoy a break. READ MORE: easyJet travel warning for Britons in Spain Gaynor and Lynn visited the Benidorm hotel where they booked in to stay for two weeks. They explained they took the trip together as both their husbands could not travel due to health issues. However, it was not their first time in the Spanish town. The women were quick to share their appreciation for the area and explained why it is so popular with UK tourists.  "Everyone says Benidorm is Blackpool with sunshine so we've made it our own," they said. While abroad, Lynn and Gaynor made sure to bring a bit of home with them. They packed their teabags and favourite biscuits so they could have an English brew while enjoying the Spanish sun. The women continued: "We've got our tea, and we've got our biscuits and we've got the hot weather." While sharing their love of the holiday destination, they also commented on some local advice they stick to. "We could have done with it a little bit cooler. "As the day gets on, they say 3 o'clock is the worst time [for the sun]," the friends stated. "That's why they have siestas over here. That's what we need." They also shared another hack of getting around, which is popular with tourists. They hired an electric scooter for 24 hours with plans to explore the town of Benidorm. The vehicle seated two and they used it to go shopping and stop at a beauty spot. Gaynor and Lynn concluded: "What are we doing in Benidorm? Having a ball. "Let's hope there's many more holidays to come... Home from home."