Viddal Riley went into his boxing return with the promise of a handsome cash bonus if he could land a knockout blow. While he couldn't manage to do that, it was still a victorious return as the Briton extended his professional record to five wins without defeat on Saturday night. Riley was fighting on the undercard of Kell Brook's grudge match with Amir Khan at the Manchester Arena. His opponent, Willbeforce Shihepo, was the first man he had faced in the ring in two years after his career was put on hold due to injuries and the pandemic. A recurring back problem forced Riley to pull out of planned bouts at a Gervonta Davis event in 2019 and on the undercard of Mike Tyson vs. Roy Jones Jr the following year. Meanwhile, logistical difficulties around lockdowns and travel rules meant he could not make a scheduled appearance at the Floyd Mayweather vs Logan Paul event. He was finally able to box again this weekend after signing with promotional firm Boxxer last November. And it was a successful return to the ring, as he won on points over six rounds on his UK fighting debut. JUST IN: Kell Brook taunts Amir Khan after TKO win and reveals post-fight offer The 24-year-old had an extra cash incentive to win by knockout, after a promise made by a friend and fellow social media star. KSI – real name JJ Olatunji – wrote to his former trainer on Instagram ahead of the fight: "Knock him out and I give you £10k." Riley wasn't able to find the knockout blow, and joked afterwards that his friend's cash was safe. "JJ, you're lucky you get to keep your £10k!" he told Sky Sports. That joke came after he had talked about the fight against Shihepo, from which he said he had learned a great deal. DON'T MISS:Amir Khan drops retirement hint after devastating Kell Brook defeatTyson Fury shuns royal honour claiming he does not want MBEKell Brook trainer Dominic Ingle labelled 'monster' for drinking sweat "It feels good to finally fight in the UK. I want to thank everyone who has come out tonight and everyone who is watching at home," Riley said. "I found my range a few times in the fight – [Shihepo] found my range a bit. but I've been out of the ring for a couple of years so I felt it in there. "But at the same time I picked an opponent who wasn't an easy touch. He's a veteran, he's a good opponent, that's why I selected him. "I learned a lot from that fight – I didn't just roll the guy out of there and move on, I learned a lot – that's what I'm supposed to do at this stage in my career." Riley went on to reveal that, all being well, it will not be long before fans see him in action again as he steps up his return to full sharpness. "The body is fine, I'm sure everyone would like to hear that. I'm doing good," he added. "I want to be out here, the only way to get that rust out is to be active and be in the ring, so as soon as I can be out again I'll be out, and I'll put on a better performance for the people." His father, Derrick, was keen to underline the importance of getting some "invaluable" time in the ring after so long away. "He needs rounds anyway, but it would have been nice to get the stoppage – the sooner the better – but like he said he's been out for two years so those six rounds are going to be invaluable going forward," he said. "We just need to keep him active."