Those who are in receipt of certain qualifying benefits are able to claim Cold Weather Payments if their local area experiences continuously freezing temperatures over a seven-day period. For example, a Pension Credit claimant who deals with cold weather over this amount of time would get £25 towards their energy bill costs. This year, one area in the UK was eligible for a Cold Weather Payment after experiencing sub-zero temperatures over three seven-day periods. Due to this, eligible households have been able to access £75 in extra support. This particular benefit payment is only available to people between October and March. During the 2021/22 winter season, these places in the UK have been able to claim Cold Weather Payments: Braemas was the area which recorded sub zero temperatures over three seven-day periods, which means Pension Credit claimants can claim the triple Cold Weather Payment. One woman named Celia, who is of the state pension age, said: “Like many elderly people, I'm rationing my heating and trying to think of more ways to keep my head above water financially. “With the cost of food and most other necessities going up almost daily, the future, especially over the colder months, looks very bleak indeed.” Sandra, 74, added: “I am a pensioner living on the state pension in a privately rented house.  “If my energy bills increase as much as predicted, despite the help already given, I will not be able to heat my house, eat, feed my little dog, and pay my bills without going into further debt as my savings have already been eaten away.” Age UK has recommended that the UK Government give extra financial aid with payments of up to £500 using the eligibility criteria for the Cold Weather Payment. The charity believes this is the fastest way to get money into peoples’ hands with the system already being in place. Furthermore, Age UK is lobbying for a cut to the five percent of VAT from all household energy bills from April till the end of the year. If bills rise as high as expected, households may be able to save just under £100 which will be much needed in the months ahead. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, outlined the reality of the pending energy bill hike and why providing additional support via the Cold Weather Payment scheme is vital for the most vulnerable households. Ms Abrahams explained: “The number of older people who are worried about being able to heat their homes is staggering and should be a source of shame for this Government. “Millions of older people across the UK are absolutely dreading the imminent price cap announcement and urgently need reassurance that help is on its way so they can keep their heating on. “This is a national crisis which needs a swift and decisive response from Ministers. Every single day we are hearing heart-breaking stories from desperate older people who are being forced to choose between heating and eating. “This isn’t a looming crisis, it’s already upon us – and while the Government is dithering, millions of older people are suffering and putting their health at risk because they can’t afford to keep warm. It is an absolute scandal and one that requires urgent government action. “Energy price rises on the scale we are now seeing are unprecedented and the Government's response must be equal to the threat they pose to older people, many of whom are vulnerable and struggling to afford exorbitant bills on a meagre state pension.” A Government spokesperson said: “We are committed to supporting vulnerable households with heating their homes, which is why we have announced a £9.1billion support package to help families dealing with rising energy costs. “Our winter fuel payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits available, to make a claim.”