Red Bull boss Christian Horner has criticised Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes following the sacking of Michael Masi. Masi was relieved of his duties as race director following December’s chaotic Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas will now alternate in the role instead. Hamilton and Mercedes were furious with Masi for his decision-making in the Middle East. The team were on the cusp of winning yet another F1 title when a safety car paved the way for Max Verstappen to reign supreme instead. In the aftermath, Mercedes called for widespread changes. And they recently got their wish, with the FIA announcing that Masi would be moving into a different role in the set-up instead. It was a victory for Hamilton, who is now poised to race this season despite there previously being rumours he could retire. Yet Red Bull chief Horner has now criticised the Brit and his team for the way they lobbied the FIA into taking action. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Horner told talkSPORT: "It's a difficult one. It's the FIA's business. “I think it's harsh. He was in a very difficult position last year, but we think a lot of decisions went against us. “When you look at what he has at his disposal in terms of resources compared to what the teams have it's such a massive, massive difference. “It's good to hear they're bringing in a VAR equivalent and an experienced name in Herbie Blash. There was so much pressure put on the removal of Michael - that's not right and that's my personal feeling. "He didn't do anything wrong in accordance with the rules. “It's a bit of a smokescreen because if you look back at that race, Mercedes had two opportunities to pit. “There was a virtual safety car and a safety car and the driver was looking to pit on both occasions and they left him out and that's what exposed him at the end of the race. “We got it right on the day - it's small margins.” Horner also thinks Verstappen is the best driver in the world ahead of Hamilton, insisting that’s why he’s the sport’s current F1 champion. "He's right up there,” he said. “The car is a big factor in what we do. “Hamilton had only won one before Mercedes and then won six. “Max is currently the best driver in the world, and if we give him the right car he can do anything. “It's down to us to give him the tools to realise his talent." Hamilton, meanwhile, has admitted he’s looking forward to finding out the full results of the FIA’s investigation. "I've not seen it. I didn't think it was out yet," Hamilton said. ”I’m excited to see the results from that report. “I think hopefully everyone will get to see it, and to have perhaps a better understanding of everything. "I think ultimately, like everything, it's down to understanding where we've been, so we can move forwards in a positive light." The Brit also recently revealed he hadn’t watched the Abu Dhabi GP back, admitting it would be a painful experience. "I absolutely didn't rewatch the race," he said when asked if he had revisited the events which led to him missing out on an eighth world title. "The experience was something that was very clear in [my] mind and, of course, it replayed in my mind quite a lot in the coming weeks after the race."