Presented by Olly Murs, Starstruck is Adam Lambert's latest venture following a heartfelt and revealing open letter to his fans. The singer wrote: "I’m coming out of a dark period of second-guessing my own artistry." Lambert continued: "My mental health suffer[ed] because of it. My self worth was suffering, I was lonely, and becoming depressed." In the open letter, penned in 2018, he explained: "Between frustrations with my career and many lost connections, I felt numb. "That’s what inspired me to cry out, ‘I don’t need to feel love, I just want to feel something.’ "It was in this realisation that I took my first step toward self-care and nursing my spirit back to health." Depression The NHS stated: "Depression is more than simply feeling unhappy or fed up for a few days." Depression causes a person to feel persistently sad for weeks or months. READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Two sensations indicative of a growing cancerous tumour – 'don't ignore' Doctor Smitha Bhandari verified that depression triggered by a stressful event is known as situational depression. While the feelings can be similar to clinical depression, the symptoms are a reaction to an event. Symptoms of situational depression might include: "Situational depression often improves after enough time passes after the stressful event," Doctor Bhandari confirmed. The "stressful event" might not, however, be viewed as stressful by everyone. In fact, moving, starting a new job, or retirement might trigger situational depression. Meanwhile, clinical depression is a mood disorder that can happen without a specific stressor. Clinical depression tends to be more severe, and lasts longer, than situational depression. If situational depression goes on for a long time, and it's not treated, it may turn into clinical depression. To improve feelings of sadness and to manage stress levels, Doctor Bhandari verified that eating healthily and exercising may help. It may also be helpful to practise slow, deep breathing, to write in a journal, or to express your feelings. If you would like help with your mental health, you can refer yourself directly to an NHS psychological therapies service (IAPT) without a referral from a GP. ITV's Starstruck will air on Saturday, February 16 at 8.30pm.