And to combat increasing inflation, the Bank of England was forced to raise interest rates in order to ensure that we can keep rising prices under control. Families are facing pressure over the rising cost of living. We are not alone in facing these trends. As world economies reopen following the end of the pandemic, inflation is increasing in many countries – rising to as high as 6.1 per cent in Spain and 7 per cent in the United States, the highest since 1982. And countries are also experiencing higher costs for energy – particularly gas: even Norway, one of the biggest producers of gas in the world, is experiencing record electricity prices. The reality is the Government has limited levers to deal with these global problems. Indeed, the government has already taken measures designed to address the cost of living for working people: reducing the Universal Credit taper rate, increasing the National Living Wage in April, and freezing fuel duty for the twelfth year in a row. But the levers that were pulled yesterday by the Chancellor were welcome ones to help working families. By allowing all households in Great Britain to claim a £200 rebate from their electricity bills this October, and only to be paid back April 2023 with no interest, government is spreading the cost of the price cap increase and ensuring that every family has some protection over the coming year. And I was pleased that the Government went further by focussing not just on those who are on means-tested benefits – but hard-working, middle income households too. By providing a £150 council tax cash rebate for all homes in council tax bands A to D, equivalent to 80 per cent of all households –or even 89 per cent of all households in the North West – the government is rightly prioritising lower and middle income families. And unlike a temporary VAT cut, which wouldn’t be as generous and would only benefit households by around £7 per month, this government’s £150 will be available up front, in one lump sum, this April – when households will be needing it most. Combined with an expansion of the Warm Homes Discount as well for the very poorest households, this is a sensible package worth £350 for vulnerable households – equivalent to half the £700 increase announced by Ofgem today. It is a generous package which rightly focusses support on those who need it most – working families who just want to get on in life. We have to also be honest about the challenges we face to our public finances. Having spent over £400 billion throughout the pandemic, similar levels of spending cannot be sustained going forwards. Indeed, no true Conservative government should. Instead, we must focus on restoring our public finances to sustainable levels – and putting enough away for a rainy day so we can focus on the best way to truly help the cost of living – cutting tax for working families. I am confident that this package meets this challenge – and the balance the Chancellor has struck will allow us to do just that.