Dick Strawbridge, 62, took the opportunity to pen a cheeky request to Charlotte Strawbridge, 35, as the photographer shared some exciting news. Taking to Twitter today, the Escape to the Chateau star bid farewell to his eldest daughter as she is set to go travelling abroad. However, ahead of her trip, Charlotte shared a post for potential buyers interested in purchasing any of her artwork did not have long to put in their requests. Taking to the micro-blogging site, the Channel 4 star issued a last-minute request after he retweeted his daughter's post, in view of his 85,000 followers. Charlotte penned: "*Last day for a while to buy any of my paintings/cards * [https://charlottestrawbridge.co.uk/art] "(I'm off to South America in a few days for the whole of March very excited! So... some shameless self-promotion to get me some money to spend on ceviche, panpipes and mate for a month!!)" READ MORE: 'Where's the passion gone!' Naga Munchetty in rare marriage insight Dick explained that he had all intentions of purchasing his daughter's artwork but believed he may have run out of time. He penned: "It may be too late but..." Charlotte is a talented photographer and musician and she released an album titled Breathed a Song in 2009. The star is also a skilled painter, specialising in oils, and she loves painting nature and wildlife.  Like her brother James Strawbridge, she starred alongside their father Dick in It's Not Easy Being Green. James and Charlotte are the children of Brigit Strawbridge, who was married to Dick between 1982 and 2010. Dick also has two other children from his relationship with his now-wife Angel Adoree. The former Army officer married Angel in 2015 and she is his second wife. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles[LATEST]Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing[ADMISSION]Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death[TRIBUTES] The couple, who have a 19-year age gap between them, went on to have Arthur, eight, and Dorothy, seven. The children feature heavily in the Escape to the Chateau series as their parents teach them innovative tips around the home. The small-screen star has previously opened up about his marriage with Angel and admitted he once tried to split up with her at the start of their relationship due to their age-gap. He told the Belfast Telegraph: "We fell in love very quickly and had a wonderful time. "But then I told Angela it was time for her to find a young man [and] have children because I felt I shouldn’t keep her from that.” However, Angel hit back at the suggestion and was determined to make their relationship work. She said: "Age is but a number. “Dick has always had a wonderful energy and is so passionate about everything he does, I love that about him.”