Max Thieriot celebrated the news in his recent Instagram post, which caught the attention of several SEAL Team co-stars. After spending five seasons as Special Warfare Operator Clay Spenser on CBS, now on Paramount+, Max will be taking the lead in a new firefighter pilot which could prove to be yet another massive hit for US audiences. The SEAL Team regular will both star and executive produce the new rescue drama, Cal Fire. Hoped to start airing on CBS soon, Max will produce the pilot episode from his own idea with an aim to launch a full series. He’ll star as a young convict named Bode who joins a firefighting programme in an attempt to shorten his prison sentence. Cal Fire was thought up by Max himself with some help from Grey’s Anatomy producers Tony Phelan and Joan Rater. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life It’s said to be inspired by his own experiences growing up in Northern California, which is infamous for its frequent wildfires. After the news was reported earlier in February, Max took to his Instagram page to celebrate the chance to launch another potential smash hit for CBS. He wrote: “Beyond excited and so incredibly thankful to be continuing the CAL FIRE journey! “Thank you @cbstvstudios @cbstv for giving us this opportunity! I know we will make y’all proud!!!” His post drew touching comments from his SEAL Team co-stars, in addition to a number of his friends and colleagues from the world of TV. SEAL Team’s lead David Boreanaz wrote “Great work Brother”, adding a heart emoji. “Yeah bro. Congrats !!!!?” his Bates Motel co-star Kenny Johnson replied. “I feel like the fire emoji is a little on the nose. Ah f**k it,” said Supernatural star Jensen Ackles, before adding 15 fire emojis. DON'T MISS:Outlander: Bree star Sophie Skelton shares embarrassing nickname [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Deadly weapon leaves team’s life in danger [SPOILERS]Manifest season 4: Major death confirmed by showrunner clue [THEORY] Thankfully, some fans’ concerns that the star could be leaving his role as a SEAL Team regular have been put to rest by Cal Fire’s recent update. TV Line has reported Max will be able to pull double duties on both shows, according to a source at CBS. He was initially intended to just have a production credit, but will now be juggling major roles in two major action dramas if Cal Fire gets a full series order. However, there’s still a chance his stint as Clay will be coming to an end soon following the dramatic events of the latest SEAL Team finale. After a daring mission in Mali, several key members of the Bravo Team were ambushed and barraged by RPGs, including Clay and Jason. Their lives are now on the line more than ever heading into season six, which was confirmed to be in the works in February. Hopefully, fans won’t have to watch one of their favourite characters suffer when the show eventually returns, though Clay’s death could give Max the opportunity to focus on his new venture. SEAL Team seasons 1-5 are available to stream in the USA on Paramount Network and season 5 airs Wednesdays on Sky Max in the UK.