Your fence might need a refresh to get it looking spic and span for spring. Over the wet winter, your fence may have been splattered with mud. If your fence is looking a little green, this could be due to algae growing on its surface, thanks to the damp and dark conditions. Use this cleaning method to rid your fence of unsightly algae, and prevent it from coming back.  As spring approaches, it’s time to start getting your garden looking its best, and cleaning away some of the inevitable wear and tear from the winter’s harsh weather. If your fence survived a recent battering from high winds and Storms Eunice and Franklin, you might want to give it a refresh. Amongst other patches of dirt, you might notice green patches on your wooden fence panels. This is most likely algae, which often grows on wooden fence panels thanks to the moist conditions.  READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' You don’t need to repaint your fence or replace the slats - it’s pretty simple to clean algae from your fence. Cleaning green algae from your fence will not only get it looking lovely but can also help your fence last longer. To clean green marks off your fence you will need:  Before you start, cover any nearby plants with the plastic sheet or binbags to avoid them being damaged by any bleach. Put a pair of rubber gloves on, you may also want to protect your clothing with an apron, or wear old clothes you don’t mind getting messy or stained. Fill a bucket with one-third bleach and two-thirds warm water. Using your scrub brush take the bleach solution and use it to scrub away the algae on the fence.  DON'T MISS:How to clean patio slabs - three household items for a sparkling patio [UPDATE]The six surfaces to never clean with bleach - what to use instead [INSIGHT]How to clean rattan garden furniture - four steps [TIPS] Leave the mixture to get to work for around 15 minutes, or until you see the spots getting lighter. If it’s a hot day, this might happen quicker - don’t leave the bleach to dry on the fence or it might stain the paint. After 15 minutes, or once the green spots have brightened, rinse the fence off with your garden hose.  If the algae is still there, repeat the process again. If you have a power washer, you can finish off your fence cleaning with a blast from this powerful spray. You should clean the whole fence with a power washer if you have one, not just the green area, to guarantee an even finish. 