Britons in receipt of Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP) are among the groups being targeted as scammers come up with new ways to con their victims. Anyone in receipt of financial help from the Government is being warned after a recent spate of these benefit scams. Reports of email, text and face-to-face scams from fraudsters claiming to be from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) have recently increased, according to Action Fraud. It says there has been a recent spate of these scams - most of them relating to Universal Credit. However, fraudsters are also targeting Britons with false promises of council tax refunds or help towards their energy bills. Government-backed financial website MoneyHelper said scammers are taking advantage of the cost of living crisis by offering loans to people who are struggling. READ MORE: PIP: Which illnesses qualify for Personal Independence Payments? It says people have been approached in the street by individuals claiming to be from Jobcentre Plus as well as via social media groups, direct messages and adverts. On its website, it said: “The main way a Universal Credit scam works is someone offering to apply for a Universal Credit Advance Payment on your behalf and taking some of the money as a fee. “They’ll often tempt you by suggesting this is free money from the government. “A Universal Credit Advance Payment can be up to a full month’s Universal Credit payment.” DON'T MISS:State pension sum may be affected if you have workplace pension [INSIGHT]State pension: 500,000 Britons will not receive increase in April [WARNING]Cold Weather Payments: Full list of eligible postcodes [UPDATE] Action Fraud said it is seeing more and more instances of emails and texts sent by fraudsters claiming to be from the Department for Work and Pensions. Scammers take 40 percent commission or more for their services but Britons should never let anyone apply for a loan on their behalf. Anyone who needs assistance applying for Universal Credit, or an advance payment, can contact the Citizens Advice Help to Claim Service. The service is free and confidential and will help people work out if they can claim Universal Credit.  It’s not just Universal Credit claimants who need to be on their guard. Anyone who receives state benefits should keep an eye out for suspicious texts and emails. It’s important to note that the DWP will never text or email asking for someone’s personal information or bank details. If they call, it will be from 0800 023 2635 rather than a private, or other number.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People should never share their username or password with anyone. Experts also advise people to never click on links or attachments in emails. In addition they should never respond to unsolicited messages and calls that ask for personal or financial details. If in doubt they should contact the DWP directly.