The EU has been sent spiralling as Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops to invade Ukraine in the early hours of the morning today. Russia's invasion of Ukraine and how the world reacts could have wide-ranging repercussions for the European economy, from rising energy and food prices to economic sanctions that hit trade and investment.  The European Central Bank has warned that the direct and indirect impact of a hypothetical 10 percent gas rationing shock on the corporate sector would reduce the eurozone gross value added by about 0.7 percent. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has sparked fears over an intensifying energy crisis, as the EU relies on Moscow to supply 40 percent of its gas. According to the ECB: “Natural gas is the second most important primary energy resource in the euro area, after petroleum-based products.  “It is the most important source of energy in the manufacturing sector, and more than 90 percent of the gas consumed in the euro area is imported. “The euro area is heavily dependent on imports of both petroleum-based energy products and natural gas, while renewable energy and nuclear energy are predominantly domestically produced. “Gas is the primary energy source most consumed in the industrial sector and by (non-transport) services and households.” The crisis in Ukraine has led to fears of gas rationing with experts predicting that Mr Putin could turn off the flow of gas to the continent, especially from the pipelines that run through Ukraine, that carried 40 billion cubic meters of gas in 2021. READ MORE: Boris ends Russian gas in UK - but how much gas do we get from Russia? The ECB warned that a shortage of gas would be a devastating blow on the Eurozone. It said: “To assess the effect of supply rationing, we assume, for illustrative purposes, a 10 percent fall in the output of the electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply sector for production processes in all other sectors. “This sector is by far the largest direct consumer of gas and its activity largely consists of distributing natural gas and transforming it into electricity.” “The accounting exercise suggests that gross value added in the euro area could be 0.7 percent lower in this rationing scenario, with losses being particularly significant for countries where production relies more heavily on gas and where the production of the electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply industry itself represents a considerable share of value-added.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine crisis: Millions of Britons to feel impacts from 'shortages... [REVEAL] Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war [SPOTLIGHT]  Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov has warned that Moscow would re-route supplies to other markets if its energy companies get targeted by Western sanctions. He told reporters: “Any export curbs would result in rising prices. And if such restrictions are to be applied then increases in prices should largely offset such curbs.” And this could strike Europe at a particularly worrying time, Gazprom reports that as of February 17, underground gas storage facilities (UGS) in Europe were 95.3 percent empty. 