But their expectations of a deadly strike did not materialise yesterday. Her short interim report, 24 paragraphs long, was more like a shell that may have badly damaged the ship of state, but failed to hole it below the waterline The lack of lethal explosive power was not entirely Ms Gray's responsibility. As she explained, she was "extremely limited" in what she could say because the majority of these parties are now under criminal investigation by the Metropolitan Police. It is one of the bizarre paradoxes of this scandal that the launch of a police inquiry into the culture of the Prime Minister's office has worked in his favour by both buying him time and neutering the findings of a probe into his conduct. It could be months before the police report back. Its "cash for honours" investigation towards the end of Tony Blair's premiership took over a year. But the scale of Johnson's reprieve should not be exaggerated. His battered premiership could still sink quickly. For even yesterday's restricted update amounted to a damning attack on his management and his staff, who showed contempt for the very Covid rules they had enforced on the public. Decent law-abiding citizens who made huge sacrifices during lockdown will be appalled to read Ms Gray's devastating verdict that "some of the behaviour surrounding these gatherings is difficult to justify", fuelled by "a failure of leadership and judgment by different parts of No 10". Arguing that "some of the events should not have been allowed to take place", she also condemned the self-indulgence of the Downing Street machine. She wrote: "The excessive consumption of alcohol is not appropriate to a professional workplace at any time." Nor was Johnson's future secured by his ill-judged, bombastic statement to the House. In place of contrition, there was cockiness. Rather than display statesmanship, he descended into partisanship, utterly inappropriate for the moment. In one particularly low blow, he attacked Sir Keir Starmer, who had just made a powerful contribution, for his record as director of public prosecutions. Reportedly, Johnson was strongly advised by aides not to make the comment, but he refused to listen. Despite the dismay of many of his MPs, Johnson may still survive. Apart from the police inquiry, there are two reasons why the Gray report may not have much political impact. One is that it uncovered nothing new. The media spotlight has long been trained on the No 10 party culture, and most details are already in the public domain. Second, with the encouragement of Gray, who was highly critical of Downing Street's operational structures, the debate about "Partygate" will now be bogged down in the boring minutiae of staffing hierarchies and processes. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The more the talk is about the reform of systems, like the creation of an Office of Prime Minister, the more that will suit Johnson. Another paradoxical consequence of the report is that he could end up with greater powers and a bigger empire. Johnson will try to move the debate on, believing the people are fed up with Partygate. In the Commons, he proclaimed the achievements on Brexit and the vaccines and promised an expansive programme of policy delivery, including levelling up the economy, enhancing independence and improving infrastructure. These are the issues that really matter to people, he said. And he may well be right.