Yesterday Putin tore up an eight year old treaty by recognising two rebel-held eastern regions of Ukraine. The Russian President then ordered his military to enter the two rebel-held southeastern regions of the country, Donetsk and Luhansk, for what he referred to as “peacekeeping duties”. The decision has been viewed by Ukraine and the West as an occupation of the region and has triggered sanctions from a number of countries.   UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that five Russian banks have had their assets frozen, along with three Russian billionaires, who have also been hit with UK travel bans. Mr Johnson, who faced calls for even tougher measures, said Russia’s actions amounted to a “renewed invasion”. Putin, who first became Russian President in 1999, has long had a tense relationship with the West. During his state visit to the UK in 2003 the Queen allegedly broke from royal protocol and took a brutal swipe at the Russian President according to Mr Blunkett. Read More: Meghan and Harry: How Sussex duo have 'weight lifted from shoulders' Mr Blunkett, who was Home Secretary at the time, told the BBC that his guide dog reacted defensively to Putin, which instigated a remark towards the President from Her Majesty. Mr Blunkett claimed: “The only time I met Vladimir Putin was back in 2003 on an official visit and my then dog barked very loudly. “I did apologise to the Queen who was obviously hosting. “I don’t think I am giving anything away when I said, ‘Sorry your Majesty about the dog barking.’   “She said, ‘Dogs have interesting instincts, don’t they?’” The alleged remark was a break from royal protocol, with the Royal Family website stating the Queen must usually remain “strictly neutral with respect to political matters.” It wasn’t the first time Her Majesty has made a remark against world leaders. In October during a conversation with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Elin Jones, the Welsh parliament’s presiding officer,  the Queen reportedly criticised world leaders’ inaction on addressing the climate crisis. Don't Miss:Royal Family: Which members of the Firm have caught COVID-19[OPINION]Wallis Simpson’s bizarre gift to royal chef: ‘What am I to do?’[ANALYSIS]Why Queen will never abdicate despite health scare ‘Bad word’[INSIGHT] Her Majesty said she was “irritated” by those who “talk but don’t do”. Russia’s recent actions have been widely condemned by the international community. US President Joe Biden is the most recent Western leader to impose sanctions against the country. The President insisted Putin’s decision was a “flagrant violation of international law” and then said there would be sanctions against two financial institutions, VEB and Russia’s military bank.  Mr Biden added that parts of the Russian economy were being cut off from international financial systems. Meanwhile Germany has suspended the certification of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which was designed to bring gas from Russia. Eastern Russia supplies Europe with around 40 percent of its gas.  The European Union has also unanimously agreed a first wave of measures, which include targeting all members of Russia’s parliament who approved the Ukraine decision. Russian banks’ access to the EU financial markets were also blocked. In the event of invasion there some have speculated that Russia could face being cut off from the global banking system, be denied access to the dollar and face import or export restrictions.