The Last Kingdom season five arrives on Netflix on March 9 and the historical TV drama promises an explosive finale. The trailer for the final season shows Brida (played by Emily Cox) and Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon) go head to head once more. There is a chance Uhtred's children will die as Brida intends to cut off his bloodline. Fans were devastated to hear The Last Kingdom would be ending with the upcoming fifth season. However, they found solace in the fact a film titled Seven Kings Must Die would complete Uhtred's story. This means some characters from the small screen adaptation of The Saxon Stories may survive a while longer. Yet the trailer does not set things in good stead for Uhtred, as his friend-turned-enemy Brida is more hungry for revenge than ever before. She is seen demanding Uhtred be brought to her as "the time has come to save [her] people". READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Fans point out change to 'vile' character Wanting to wipe the world of all those who have turned against her and her Pagan beliefs, she has gathered a new band of followers. In order to draw Uhtred towards her, she targets his closest family, including his son Young Uhtred (Finn Elliot). In the original Saxon Stories, Brida castrates the young Christian, and the same appears to happen in the series. He may live to tell the tale in the trailer, but this catastrophic event could lead to his eventual demise. Perhaps in even more danger is Stiorra (Ruby Hartley), Uhtred's daughter. By the fifth season she is married to Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson) and they rule over York together. Brida and Sigtryggr had led the Winchester siege together and she was furious when Sigtryggr stepped down. Stiorra is an obvious target for Brida and she is likely to hunt her down to threaten Uhtred. Actress Hartley, who plays Stiorra, has already teased a huge showdown between her character and Brida. She said when asked for her favourite season five highlight: "Fighting with Emily Cox [Brida] has been the highlight for me this season. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Father Benedict? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Does Brida torture Sigtryggr? [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom season 5: Queen Aelswith speaks on goodbye to series [INTERVIEW] "There’s never been two women fighting each other in the show. So that was amazing to get to do that. "But we also just had so much fun. She was fighting with all the boys. "They’ve done it for so long, it’s like second nature to them. Sometimes you’re a bit like, ‘Oh!’ But fighting with Emily, we just had such a laugh and she was also really good. And really scary." An episode synopsis for towards the end of the season says Uhtred is left "reeling from immeasurable loss". He is left seeking the safety of the loved ones he has left. With this in mind, there is a chance Uhtred could lose at least one member of his family. James Northcote, who plays Aldhelm in the series, warned there is a lot of death to come. He said: "In season five, chaos is coming. There’s going to be a lot of death in season five. "And that’s really exciting because with death comes drama. "I think the fans of the show are going to be shocked, there’s definitely some surprises this year, and it’s a season that’s going to pull on your heartstrings. So hold on to your hankies."  The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on Netflix on March 9.