In a poll which ran from 8am to 4pm on Monday, Express.co.uk asked it’s readers: “Do you think Putin would press the nuclear button against the West?” A total of 2,399 votes were cast, and dozens of comments were left below the article, highlighting the sense of uncertainty and worry faced by people all over the world in the current climate. In total, 69 percent of voters (1,657) said “yes”, they do believe Putin would give the order to deploy nuclear weapons. A further 20 percent (473) said “no, never”, while 11 percent (269) said they “just don’t know”. Overwhelmingly, readers who took to the comments section of the story expressed fear that Putin was no longer a stable leader, and hoped someone within his inner circle might deter him if it came to nuclear deployment. Username Jayne Challinor wrote: “Like a spoilt brat who can't get [their] own way, I don't think this maniac would have any hesitation in sending out the order to nuke if things don't go the way he wants! “We just have to hope and pray that some of his Generals out in the field decide to ignore his orders for the sake of humanity, not only for the world, but also for the consequences they will bring about on the Russian people.” And username VIRGO added: “With his allies backing away from him after the sanctions were put on him, he was furious, hence the nuclear alert. “I really believe he is a very sick man and doesn't care anymore.” READ MORE: 'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  And username DaemonStorm said: “I believe Putin would happily start a nuclear exchange, which is why the Russian people must remove him for good.” Username Lancashire Lass added: “Yes, it's a madman's rage that is fuelling this atrocity, we can only hope that the Russian army rebel and/or someone can get close enough to take him out.” Others expressed the shock they felt at the Ukrainian bloodshed, and how frightening the unpredictability of the situation was. Username Monkeytunes1 said: “A week ago I didn’t think he would invade Ukraine, I thought he was sabre rattling, how wrong was I! “Made me think I’m not sure what he’s capable of. Hopefully one of his own people would take him out before it came anywhere close to that .”  Username Grockle wrote: “We…have a problem if Putin reaches the ‘don't care whether I and my people live or die’ stage. I don't think he's there yet — but I think he is heading that way.” Grockle added: “The resolution for this would be best coming from inside Russia to minimise the chances of escalation.” Questions about Putin’s state of mind have been circulating since the Ukraine invasion began. A number of people with access to high-level intelligence have made it known that the Russian leader has undergone a long period of near-total isolation during the pandemic, with concerns about his levels of paranoia and reliance on such a small circle of advisors. DON'T MISS: Priti Patel says UK will allow 100,000 Ukrainians to UK [LATEST]UK immigration policy under fire as numbers now WORSE than 2015 crisis [DATA]Brexit BOOM: UK productivity leapfrogs pre-pandemic levels [REPORT]  Senator Marco Rubio, a Republican from Florida who sits as the vice-chairman of US Senate’s select committee on intelligence, tweeted: “I wish I could share more, but for now I can say it’s pretty obvious to many that something is off with Putin. “He has always been a killer, but his problem now is different and significant. It would be a mistake to assume this Putin would react the same way he would have 5 years ago.” Senator Rubio, who has access to extensive secret information due to his role on the select committee, also said that Putin “appears to have some neuro/psychological issues.” Donald Trump’s former National Security Adviser, Lt Gen HR McMaster told CBS News that Putin was no longer a “rational actor” as he was “fearful” about staying in power and in restoring Russia’s historic standing.  He said: “I think now he knows that all of that is at risk. “The Russian military doesn’t look very good right now, he does not look very powerful and this is going to jeopardise his ability to stay in power.” Mr McMaster said that Putin was “living in a bubble” and that “everybody around him is telling him what he wants to hear.” He added: “These totalitarian leaders can look very strong but they are in fact very brittle and as ugly as democracy is, democracies are actually pretty darn resistant and you see that with Ukrainians and I hope they inspire confidence in all of us across the free world.”