 Russell Myers was welcomed onto ITV daytime show Lorraine on Monday morning to chat about the latest royal family news and the possibility Prince Andrew could soon return to public life after coming to a legal settlement with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Andrew and Virginia settled out of court in the civil sex assault claim she filed against him in the United States. However, Lorraine made it clear she didn’t think the Prince should be making a comeback to public life anytime soon.   Chatting about the possibility of Andrew’s return to public appearances, Lorraine explained: “Surely he’s not that tone deaf?” “I mean, I’m not sure to be honest with you,” Russell replied. The royal expert continued: “Listen, on the one hand, there are an awful lot more important things going on in the world. “You would have thought that there wouldn’t have been any noises coming from the camp. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch    “Now this has sort of stemmed over the last few days because there’s been another cascade of people dropping him. “Of course a couple of weeks ago he settled this big civil sex assault case in the United States. It cost £12million we understand,” he explained. “Despite the fact he says he never met her,” Lorraine chimed in. Russell commented: “Well, indeed. He’s always denied those allegations.    “But, I think it’s a big year for the Queen and the royal family, the Platinum Jubilee year. “Now, one of his favoured golf clubs, the Royal Dornoch Golf Club in Scotland, has joined St Andrew’s in sort of washing their hands of him. “However, these sort of rumours are assembling because he still feels like he has a lot to offer public service," he revealed. “Really?” Lorraine questioned, with Russell replying: “Yes, one of his friends said to me just last week that he’s still a young man, he’s 62, he feels like he’s got a lot to give. DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [MUST SEE]EastEnders reunion as Mitch Baker rekindles romance with former flame? [SPOILERS]Coronation Street arrest as Adam Barlow hospitalises Lydia? [THEORY]   “So, could this be the resurgence of Prince Andrew? But, awful, awful timing on this. “I mean, it’s just ludicrous because look at the news channels, look at all the papers, there are heartbreaking stories going on. "I think it would be much better for everybody involved if he was to sort of fade into the background and just leave it at that for now.” Lorraine added: “Just shut it and go away!”    Prince Andrew stepped down from public duties and relinquished his HRH title in light of the Jeffery Epstein scandal and accusations against him. Earlier this month, the royal and Virginia Giuffre reached a settlement out of court, however there was no admission of liability by Andrew. He has always denied the specific allegations and a statement said he would make a “substantial donation to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights”. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. 