NBC’s popular crime drama The Blacklist is currently in the midst of its ninth season, with a new episode set to hit screens this Friday. On the latest edition of Jimmy Fallon’s talk show, the show’s leading man, Hollywood star James Spader, confirmed the network has just ordered a milestone 10th outing. James told Jimmy the next season of The Blacklist had just been confirmed hours before he appeared on The Tonight Show. Currently in its ninth season, new episodes were put on hold for a few weeks to make way for the Winter Olympics in Beijing. Thankfully, the wait is almost at an end and episode 10, Arcane Wireless, will hit screens on Friday night. The series will then continue the following Friday with episode 11, The Conglomerate. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life Now The Blacklist is getting back on track, Red Reddington star James got fans into a frenzy when he confirmed the latest update. He revealed: “We just got picked up, just this afternoon. “Word came out, everyone was hustling around to try and do it so we could get an announcement on the show. We just got picked up for a tenth season.” “Come on,” Jimmy exclaimed as he applauded. “Well deserved.” The live audience went mad with the news, and Blacklist fans also reacted strongly on Twitter. Aaron J said: “Great interview! I like when #JamesSpader stops by! Congrats to #TheBlacklist for being picked up for a 10th Season!” Neesy exclaimed: “I’m so happy!!! Love #TheBlacklist and James Spader!! Amazing show!!! Tenth season on the way! Yay!” And Anja tweeted: “It's official. Season 10 is coming from @NBCBlacklist Woohoooo.” DON'T MISS:A Discovery of Witches star’s son helped develop character [INTERVIEW]Dan Walker ‘blindsides’ Truss with Russian donor pic [DEBATE]Power Book 4 star teases Diamond and Jenard rematch [EXCLUSIVE] “What a awesome announcement from The Master himself #JamesSpader. Congrats to everyone from #TheBlacklist. This is awesome news!!” Despite the latest string of good news for The Blacklist, producing the more recent seasons during the pandemic had its fair share of challenges. James recalled: “It was really… we shut down on March 13 of what the hell year was that? 2020, I guess? “And we shut down on the 13th, it was a Friday. We were in the middle of episode 19 of that season. It became clear that we weren’t coming back for the last few episodes of the season.” “So, we decided with [episode 19] we wanted to end with some satisfaction for the viewers. So they animated the second half of that episode, 19.” Viewers were rather taken aback when the show’s seventh season finale jumped back and forth between live-action and animation due to Covid restraints. Thankfully, all 22 episodes of the latest season were shot in one block, so fans won’t need to worry about any more delays or last-minute changes in the coming weeks. He also assured the audience the same should apply when the cast comes back to film season 10. “And the same this season, too,” James confirmed. “With Omicron and everything else we did not shut down once. “We’re doing a full 22 episodes this year and we’re gonna carry on and do another one next year.” The lead actor’s comments thankfully seem to confirm he’ll also be reprising his role as Red for at least part of the new season, despite the character’s mysterious health issues. The Blacklist season 9 continues Friday, February 25 on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be confirmed.