Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick’s future role as a consultant is currently in doubt, according to reports. The German is in charge of the Red Devils until the summer, having been appointed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s temporary replacement. But, long-term, there’s uncertainty surrounding the 63-year-old. United were linked with the likes of Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag when they sacked Solskjaer in November, just hours after a crushing 4-1 defeat to Watford. However, in the end, Rangnick was brought in instead. United confirmed the arrival of the German on a deal until the end of the season, with the 63-year-old poised to become a consultant in the summer. Yet, according to BILD, there’s plenty of uncertainty over his future. It’s stated that Rangnick only has a 'letter of intent', with the publication saying his future role has ‘still not been concretised’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And United haven’t held talks with the German about his future yet, instead leaving him in the dark. Rangnick has made it abundantly clear he wants to stay at United and play a key role as the club plan for a brighter future. But United, it seems, are yet to make a decision. Rangnick has ruffled feathers with his abrasive nature, coming down hard on Paul Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo amongst others. Yet things are said to be better now after the former RB Leipzig and Hoffenheim boss has held talks with individual players behind the scenes. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message What ultimately happens with Rangnick remains to be seen. His current focus is on helping the club achieve a successful season, despite their hopes of winning the Premier League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup being over. United go up against Atletico Madrid in the first leg of their last-16 Champions League tie on Wednesday night. And they’ll be hoping to build on recent victories over Leeds and Brighton when they step out onto the pitch at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. United haven’t won the Champions League since 2008, when Sir Alex Ferguson was in charge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They were beaten in the 2009 final by Barcelona, with Samuel Eto’o and Lionel Messi on target in a 2-0 win in Rome. And United were defeated by the same opposition two years later, with Messi, Pedro and David Villa all scoring. Despite United enduring a tough season, United midfielder Fred insists they have the talent to win Europe’s biggest club competition. “We can win the Champions League,” he insisted. “We have the players capable of bringing this trophy to Manchester United.” He added: "We are excited by the Champions League as well because we know that the experience of Atletico is big. "They have a big coach [Diego Simeone], and play together as a team, and we know it is a difficult game against Atletico, but this is the Champions League. "We need to bring back the victory and we need to look at our best performance because it's Atletico. “It is difficult to play against them because they defend well and have played together for a long time. “We need to find our best performance, that is important for us.” United won three of their six Champions League group stage games and came top of their group ahead of Villarreal, Atalanta and Young Boys.