Manchester United have been urged to consider Marcelo Bielsa as the club's next manager. Bielsa's contract at Leeds United expires at the end of this season. The Argentine claimed last week that now is not the time to discuss an extension. Bielsa led Leeds back to the promised land of the Premier League in 2020, 16 years after their relegation from the top flight. His coaching methods have earned huge admiration and praise from the likes of Pep Guardiola and Mauricio Pochettino. United are on the search for a permanent manager for when Ralf Rangnick's interim spell in charge comes to an end. Pochettino and Ajax boss Erik ten Hag are two of the top targets for the Old Trafford club. TOP STORY: Man Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win   But former Chelsea and Aston Villa forward Tony Cascarino believes the 66-year-old would be a great appointment by United instead. “I personally love his brand of football," Cascarino told talkSPORT. "I think he’d be an incredible fit at Manchester United, if they've even considered a manager like Bielsa. “The reason he doesn’t stay at football clubs or doesn’t commit to them is because he only sees his job year by year and no more. DON'T MISSTottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turn [QUOTES]Four clubs who could sign Cristiano Ronaldo as Man Utd 'ready to let striker leave' [TRANSFERS]Tottenham's forgotten star has chance to revitalise career after Conte praise [OPINION]  "I think he is a manager who would overachieve with players. So if he had a group as good as what Man United have got... "Let's be honest, Man United's team, you can't compare to Leeds. "They're miles ahead in what the players have achieved and the levels they play at. There's a massive difference between the two." Harry Redknapp claimed over the weekend that Bielsa being a "super coach" was a "myth".  But Cascarino disagrees and says the Argentine does not get enough praise for the work he has done at Leeds and previous clubs. "Bielsa's overachieved nearly everywhere he's been because he's had to," the pundit added. "He's never had money like a lot of the great managers you mentioned. Bielsa's done it on quite conservative budgets at many clubs. “I think Bielsa gets a really raw deal in many ways.  “Think of Leeds before Bielsa walked through the door and look where they are now. “Are they ever going to compete with Man City, Liverpool, Manchester United, clubs that spend huge amounts of money on wages? No he’s not but he produces very, very effective teams. “He’s done it in a very different way in many different places and in different countries."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here