Eyewitnesses have reported at least six explosions have been heard in the city. One of Kiev's live cameras captured the moment an explosion hit. According to a source inside the Ukrainian Interior Ministry, a Russian aircraft has been shot down over the Darnytskyi region of Kiev by Ukrainian Air Defence Forces. CNN reports that Kiev has been targeted by missile fire. Anton Gerashckenko, advisor to the Head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine, told reporters in a text message: "Strikes on Kyiv with cruise or ballistic missiles continued." A CNN news team reported hearing two large explosions in the centre of the city and a third in the distance just before dawn local time. Russia began its invasion of Ukraine early on Thursday morning after a televised address warning of a "special military operation".  At least 137 have been reported killed by Sky News, with 100,000 Ukrainian citizens fleeing their homes. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has sworn that his country will not back down, despite their 125,600 strong army being dwarfed by Russia's 900,000 troops. Explosions have been reported near many major Ukrainian cities, including Kharkiv, Mariupol and Odesa on the south coast of Ukraine. READ MORE: Blinken ‘convinced’ Putin will try to overthrow Ukrainian government Ukrainian Foreign Affairs Minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted that the capital city had not experienced anything like this "since 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany". He added: "Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. "Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Severe all ties. Kick Russia out of everywhere." DON'T MISS:BBC QT: 'Has history taught us nothing?' Audience member slams UK inte [REACTION]Energy bill warning: Utility prices could rise £1,000 as wholesale oil [ENERGY]Victory for Ukraine as troops halt Russian advance at Chernihiv [NEWS] The UK, US and EU have all imposed tough sanctions on Russia in a bid to force Putin to back down. Australia and Japan have also announced sanctions targeting several Russian elite politicians and citizens. Asset freezing and visa suspensions have been put in place by several countries. However China has refused to condemn the attack on Ukraine and instead have blamed the US for "fanning the flames" of war.