The Batman will debut in cinemas on March 4, introducing audiences to Robert Pattinson as the Dark Knight. Production on the film has been arduous, with it originally intended to be a solo outing for Ben Affleck’s Caped Crusader. He soon dropped out, with the Twilight star taking over later. Things got worse when the movie was forced to shut down filming multiple times due to the pandemic. Finally, Pattinson had to make a last-minute change to his performance after he admitted it was “atrocious.” Batman is known for many things, his coterie of villains, his loyal butler Alfred, his Batcave, Batmobile, Batarangs and now his raspy voice. Christian Bale introduced that new element for the character, proving to be the most divisive element of his performance. Audiences saw the funny side though, as The Lego Movie’s Batman overemphasised the accent to ridiculous levels. It was so popular that he ended up getting his own spin-off in The Lego Batman Movie. Pattison knew that any attempt at recreating it would directly lead to comparisons, so he decided to go in another direction. READ MORE: John Lennon wrote 'best Beatles song lyrics' about his first wife Speaking on Jimmy Kimmel Live, the actor explained: “Everyone does this kind of gruff, gravelly thing, and I’m like, ‘I’m going to do the opposite — I’m gonna go really whispery and I tried to do it for the first two weeks, and it just looked absolutely atrocious, and they told me to stop doing it.” From this point, the star switched over to a more traditional voice similar to that of Michael Keaton’s Val Kilmer’s, George Clooney’s and even Ben Affleck’s. Before Bale’s rendition, the Dark Knight spoke in the same accent to his alter-ego Bruce Wayne. Pattison continued: “I found out from Nick, who was putting me in the suit every day, that’s what Christian Bale did on Batman Begins as well. And, if you listen to the first Batman Begins teaser trailer, you can hear the original voice. I only found this out a couple of weeks ago.” The 35-year-old star continued to adapt his Bat-voice until it was right for his performance and the tone of the film. He added: “You can feel when it feels right. You put the suit on, and you have to speak in a certain way.” The entire casting process for the film was “intense,” according to Catwoman star Zoe Kravitz. The 33-year-old actress shared her experience of auditioning for the film, admitting Pattison was already in character when they met. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, the actress said: “The chemistry read was really intense. Rob was wearing the Batsuit, and it was a proper camera test with the DP there and everything on a soundstage. It wasn't just reading lines in a room. So it was intimidating, to say the least.” DON'T MISS...Robert Pattinson recalls brutal and 'insular' time filming The Batman [INSIGHT]The Batman reactions ‘Controversial, complex – Best since Dark Knight’ [EXPLAINER]Doctor Strange 2: Patrick Stewart's Xavier 'is not' from X-Men films [INSIGHT] Pattinson shared a similar experience from the screen-chemistry test, revealing it was the first time he said a line for the film despite already being cast. He said: “The first time I'd even said lines from the script was in Zoë's screen test. They had this idea that they wanted me to be taller at the beginning, so I basically had high-heeled sneakers on, and I'm tottering around in this strange Batman outfit." He added: “The camera's not even on me, it's on the back of my head, and I'm literally having this major panic attack, just looking for emotional support from Zoë, who's trying to get the part.”