Liverpool ace Fabinho believes Mateo Kovacic and N’Golo Kante will be Chelsea’s most important players when the teams go head-to-head for Carabao Cup glory on Sunday. The Reds could land their first trophy since winning the Premier League title in 2020 if they can get the better of Thomas Tuchel’s team at Wembley. Liverpool reached the showpiece event after seeing off Arsenal 2-0 on aggregate in the semi-finals. Chelsea, meanwhile, will take their place in the final after overcoming Tottenham 3-0 in the two legs of their last four showdown. The Blues have already picked-up silverware this season after lifting the Club World Cup earlier this month. Kovacic and Kante were instrumental as the west Londoners defeated Palmeiras after extra time in the final of that competition. And Fabinho says the duo could have another starring role to play in Sunday’s final if the Reds midfield can’t get the better of them. JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash  “I remember our last game against Chelsea - the midfield was really important,” Fabinho said. “I remember Kovacic scored a really nice goal and he and Kante played a good game. “We did well too. We had to keep pressing them and they kept the ball well and moved it from side to side, so we had to work really hard. “I think on Sunday it’ll be similar. We have to work hard, to try and press them and recover the ball, and with the ball to create spaces and make chances.” DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     Liverpool’s title success was their first in 30 years as the Reds lost just three times on their way to racking-up a staggering 99 points. But the Merseysiders had to celebrate their endeavours without their fans due to strict COVID restrictions. And Fabinho now wants to give Liverpool supporters a day to remember in the capital. “When we won the Premier League, it was in COVID times so we couldn’t celebrate in the right way with our fans,” the Brazil international continued. “So to have the fans in the stadium will be special. I think it will be 50-50 between the supporters - and hopefully the red part will be really beautiful.   “We know our fans will be behind us. Yes, that will make this final really special.” Liverpool could land a historic Quadruple this season if they can taste success in the Carabao Cup, FA Cup, Premier League and Champions League. But Fabinho insists the Reds players are taking the season one game at a time. “On Sunday we have the opportunity to win the first title,” the 28-year-old added. “It will be really nice to win this title because it would be my first national cup with Liverpool. “Afterwards we have enough time to think about the other games, the other titles. “Let’s think about the next one. Working game by game has worked so far.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here