Death in Paradise marked a major milestone as season 10 was the comedy-drama's 10th-anniversary series. Characters past and present mixed once again for the BBC One series but one who didn't make it during the 10th outing was Officer Dwayne Myers (played by Danny John-Jules). Instead, he showed up in the Christmas special which aired on Boxing Day, showing what it's like during the festive period on the island of Saint Marie. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.DS Florence Cassell (Joseph Jobert) left briefly to go and celebrate Christmas with her family. While she was temporarily absent, her position needed to be filled so Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) asked Dwayne to return to take her place. Fans were delighted to see him back on the scene and enjoyed seeing him interact with new officer Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles). Nevertheless, the real gripping moment in the Christmas special came from DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) as he confessed his feelings for Florence. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Josephine teases Florence Cassell's replacement Neville and Florence were talking over Zoom when he decided to pluck up the courage to ask her out. Sadly for him, the video call froze so it appeared as if she didn't hear him spilling his heart out. But at the end of the episode, Florence admitted to Catherine Bordey (Elizabeth Bourgine) that she did hear what her colleague had to say. She left everyone on the edge of their seats as Florence revealed she wasn't sure what to do next about the situation. The BBC has announced this week that there will be another Christmas special on its way later this year. The 2021 special was a first for Death in Paradise but managed to pull in a staggering 8.8 million viewers over the festive period. This clearly indicates there are plenty of fans who would love to see Neville and the gang return for another festive episode at the end of the year. The team behind Death in Paradise are also keen to bring it back for another Christmas instalment as well as other special episodes. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford opens up about debt struggles 'Start to panic' [EXPLAINER]Vera star Brenda Blethyn on refusing to return to ITV series  [CAST]'Knew what you were doing!' Ed Balls slams 'disingenuous' Blackford [VIDEO] Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, creator Tim Key said: "We'd love to do more specials in the future, I think we've always wanted to do a Christmas special. "We tried to do something that's a little different to what we normally do but also very much our show. "We went for a 90-minute feature-length episode and I'm really proud of it and delighted with how it landed. "You never know do you and when the ratings came in the next day, I was blown away that people had come to it in such large numbers. "So we would love to do another one so we'll have to just wait and see but I think we're not short of ideas - it just fits Christmas very well." Filming for the 12th season and the feature-length Christmas episode will begin in the spring. Returning to the cast will be Ralf Little, Don Warrington and Élizabeth Bourgine, Tahj Miles, Shantol Jackson and Ginny Holder. Guest stars for series 12 and the Christmas special have not yet been revealed. Death in Paradise season 11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.