Manchester United are one of the biggest clubs in the world, and with that comes a rocket-boosted reputation for players who have represented the Red Devils. If you have United on your CV, it's highly likely clubs will be enticed to join by giving you a chance even when you're past your prime. The Red Devils have the financial power to consistently produce a turnover of players coming in and out of Old Trafford each year. But the special thing about this club is that they create just as many players who either have what it takes to shine in the famous red jersey or move on and enjoy good careers away from M16. And there are several players still plying their trade across the world that you would've thought were now putting most of their efforts into coaching or media work. Express Sport identifies four former United stars who you might not believe are still playing professional football elsewhere. JUST IN: Man Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two Rangnick favourites Anders Lindegaard Sir Alex Ferguson signed Anders Lindegaard in 2010 to provide cover for Edwin van der Sar, and he then was David de Gea's back-up. The five-cap Denmark international made 29 appearances and won received one Premier League winners' medal before leaving under Louis van Gaal's watch in 2015. Now 37, Lindegaard stayed in England with West Bromwich Albion, Preston North End and Burnley but currently plays for Swedish outfit Helsinborg, who he helped gain promotion to the top-flight last season. READ MORE: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley Gabriel Obertan The name Gabriel Obertan leaves a sour taste on the mouths of United supporters after his 2009 arrival was parallel to Cristiano Ronaldo's exit for Real Madrid. It was joked Ferguson signed the French winger to replace the Ballon d'Or winner, but he didn't quite make the same impact, scoring just once in 27 appearances. He left after just two years, spending five years at Newcastle before stints at Anzhi Makachkala, Wigan Athletic, Levski Sofia and Erzurumsport. The 32-year-old most recently signed for Charlotte Independence in America's third tier in 2021, scoring five goals in 15 appearances. Bebe Like Obertan, Bebe was one of Ferguson's more peculiar signings, and he is infamous across the fanbase, commonly labelled the club's 'worst-ever player'. The Portuguese forward arrived at United as a 20-year-old after the club triggered his £7.4million buyout clause at Vitoria. After being unveiled alongside Chris Smalling and Javier Hernandez, his fortunes at Old Trafford spiralled in the opposite direction to the duo. He made just seven appearances in 2010/11, scoring twice, before going out on three loan moves and leaving permanently for Benfica in 2014. It also didn't work out for him at Benfica, but now 31, he has established himself in La Liga since joining Eibar in 2016, and he currently regularly features for Rayo Vallecano. Federico Macheda Federico Macheda is best known for his infamous debut, scoring a late winner in a thrilling 3-2 win against Aston Villa at Old Trafford accompanied by Martin Tyler's iconic commentary. The Italian made his first-team bow in 2009 aged just 16 and, after his immediate impact, was destined to be a star. But the magic of his debut slowly trickled out of the limelight as he struggled to cement a spot in Ferguson's plans and endured difficult loan spells at five different clubs from 2011 to 2015. He permanently left United aged 22 in 2014, but after three years and an underwhelming loan period at Nottingham Forest, Macheda returned to Italy with Serie B club Novara. Now 30 years old, Macheda is in his fourth season with Greek Super League giants Panathinaikos and always speaks fondly of his experiences with the Red Devils. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.