In a press conference following Putin’s recognition of two separatist regions of Ukraine as independent, Biden said: “This is the beginning of a Russian invasion of Ukraine…so I am going to begin to impose sanctions in response.” The 79-year-old president imposed sanctions on two Russian financial institutions, Russia’s military bank and VTB and announced that Russia’s sovereign debt would be sanctioned.  This is so Russia “can no longer raise money from the West and cannot trade its new debt on our markets, or European markets either”. Biden is also imposing financial restrictions on Russian oligarchs and their family members after stating that “they share in the corrupt games of the Kremlin policies and should share in the pail as well”. In response to the sanctions, Ben Rhodes a foreign policy advisor during the Obama administration said on MSNBC that President Putin was not “in any way caught off guard” and “doesn’t seem to care”. Rhodes added that Putin “knew these sanctions were coming” and this is where “the challenge” lies when it comes to sanctioning Russia.  The former advisor strongly suggested that the United States may have already “communicated to Russia precisely the kind of sanctions that would be coming.” As the crisis in Ukraine has escalated over the past few weeks, with over 190,000 Russian troops on the border followed by Putin’s recognition of two separatist regions of Ukraine, the US has been compiling a sanctions package on Russia for a while. The former White House advisor tweeted further about his thoughts on the sanctions and the Russian response. He said: “The Putin we saw yesterday quite clearly won’t be deterred by sanctions. So this is more about imposing a cost over time, which is why it’s important to focus above all on Russian elites who have participated in kleptocracy and aggression.” READ MORE:Macron humiliated by Putin after 'pledging not to escalate' war threat Putin signed a decree on Monday recognising the Ukrainian regions of Luhansk and Donetsk as independent, he moved troops into Ukraine under the pretence of “peacekeeping” missions, breaking the Minsk Agreement and international law. President Biden has since been under a large amount of pressure to exploit all of the sanctions at his disposal against Russia. The financial sanctions that have been announced were clearly stated as the first round of sanctions that will not be the last if Russia continues to pose a threat. DON'T MISS:This Morning row erupts in fiery 'gender-neutral toilet' debate (OPINION)Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning (INSIGHT)Merkel slammed as Scholz CUTS Putin's gas pipeline (REACTION)  According to a fact sheet from the White House, The VTB and Russia’s military bank “hold more than $80 billion in assets and finance in the Russian defence sector and economic development.” It also notes: “These measures will freeze their assets in the United States, prohibit US individuals and businesses from doing any transactions with them, shut them out of the global financial system, and foreclose access to the US dollar.” A senior administration official told reporters that “no Russian financial institution is safe if this invasion proceeds.” 