Formula 1 have confirmed that the Russian Grand Prix will be axed from the schedule in 2022 following the widely-condemned invasion of Ukraine. Chiefs from F1 and the FIA came to the decision after meeting for crisis talks on Thursday evening. Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a military assault on Ukraine this week as thousands attempt to flee the country. The UN claims that at least 25 civilians have been killed and 102 injured as a result of airstrikes. Ukrainian President Volodymr Zelensky has called on other European nations to help thwart Russia's efforts. On Thursday, four-time F1 world champion Sebastian Vettel stated that he would not compete in Russia this year, and current world title holder Max Verstappen strongly suggested that he would follow suit. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone defends 'honourable' Vladimir Putin as Russia invade Ukraine  Express Sport was told earlier this week that the F1 planned for September's Russian Grand Prix to go ahead, although their stance has now changed. An F1 statement read: "The FIA Formula 1 World Championship visits countries all over the world with a positive vision to unite people, bringing nations together. "We are watching the developments in Ukraine with sadness and shock and hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to the present situation. "On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances."   Russian-backed Haas have been forced into an awkward position as a result of the conflict, due to their Russian driver Nikita Mazepin and his oligarch father Dmitriy. Both Mazepin and team boss Guenther Steiner were pulled out of recent press conferences as a result of the ongoing situation between Russia and Ukraine. The team have also announced plans to remove the Russian colours from their 2022 livery. Teams are in Barcelona for more testing this week, as next month's curtain-raiser in Bahrain creeps closer.  The Russian Grand Prix has been held at the Sochi Autodrom since 2014, and last year's event threw up one of the most dramatic finishes of the season. McLaren's Lando Norris looked to be cruising towards his first F1 win, before late rainfall allowed Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen to power through and take the top two spots. The spillover from Russia's Ukraine invasion has penetrated other areas of the sporting world too, with UEFA announcing that this year's Champions League final has been moved from Saint Petersburg to Paris. It remains to be seen what other plans could change as calls for stern action against Russia grow louder.  