Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has explained his decision to drop the likes of Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho for today's match with Watford. The Red Devils have won their last two Premier League games. And they'll be hoping to secure another victory as they seek to secure Champions League qualification. Manchester United have gone strong for this afternoon's match with Watford. David De Gea starts in goal, with the Spain international retaining his place in the side with Dean Henderson left on the bench. At the back, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Alex Telles start either side of Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane. In midfield, United have selected Nemanja Matic and Fred with Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba then playing further ahead in the attacking midfield positions. And, up top, Anthony Elanga and Cristiano Ronaldo have been deployed. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, Rangnick has spoken to MUTV before the game. And he’s opened up on his tram selection by suggesting freshness was behind his decision-making. "It's our third game in six days,” he said. “We only came back very late Thursday night. “It was about fresh people, fresh energy, fresh legs and also a little bit due to the things we need tactically against this team." DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Rangnick has also paid tribute to Watford counterpart Roy Hodgson prior to the match at Old Trafford. “Yes, I admire him for his energy and it’s still a difference if you are a manger in England with that many games to play without a winter break, so I admire him for that,” he said. “I’m not so sure if in my 70s I still want to be in charge as a head coach, no matter in which country, but this is what I admire him for. “He’s a fantastic person, whenever I saw him in the past, whenever we spoke, it was always great fun to speak with him and he’s just a nice character.” On if things are going United’s way at present, he added: “It could be, yes. “I never expected it to be safe three or four games before the end of the season but it’s all up to us. “We have to put our own focus on our own games and winning games, this is what it is all about. “We are now unbeaten for 10 games although we didn’t always play on our highest possible level, and now it’s about keeping that momentum, winning the game [against Watford] and then being ready and full of confidence to play a difficult away game at Manchester City. “We are fully aware of that. “But our focus now is on tomorrow’s game, and we have to try everything we possibly can physically, tactically, technically to play on the highest possible level tomorrow and beat Watford.” Watford boss Hodgson has managed to avoid defeat in his last three matches against United. And, when quizzed on if there’s a secret, he added: “No, pure fluke or working with a good team maybe! “Palace were good up there, we had two particularly good games I remember up there against them. “But I’ve got to say that for me, I’m a great believer in the in the Swedish mantra – that sounds better in Swedish – but translated as ‘what has been, has gone’. “There’s no doubt that I enjoyed those moments immensely. I remember coming back on the coach or the train after the game and thinking what a wonderful feeling it was to play well enough to beat Manchester United at Old Trafford. “Quite frankly, it has no bearing at all on my thoughts with this game and I can quite honestly say that there is no magic or any sort of dust I can sprinkle which will help Watford. “We’ve got to go there from our position, which is a difficult one and try to do what Palace were capable of.”