For people who find it difficult to swallow tablets or capsules, paracetamol is also available as a syrup or as soluble tablets that dissolve in water to make a drink. Taking the drug to help relieve whatever mild ailment you are suffering from can be beneficial, however you should never exceed the recommended dose.  The Alcohol and Drug Foundation says the most common side effects of paracetamol are drowsiness and fatigue and rashes and itching. It adds that children may occasionally experience low blood sugar and tremors, and feeling hungry, faint and confused after taking paracetamol. The organisation warns: “Use of any drug always carries some risk – even medications can produce unwanted side effects. It’s important to be careful when taking any type of drug.” The usual dose for adults is one or two 500mg tablets up to four times in 24 hours. READ MORE: Doctor’s warning: The common mistake when having a poo that can ‘cause haemorrhoids’  The NHS warns that overdosing on paracetamol can cause serious side effects. “Do not be tempted to increase the dose or to take a double dose if your pain is very bad,” it says. The NHS says: “Taking too much paracetamol can be dangerous and you may need treatment." If you need to go to your nearest A&E, the NHS says that you should take the paracetamol packet or leaflet inside it plus any remaining medicine with you.  It adds: “Do not take paracetamol alongside other medicines that contain paracetamol. If you take two different medicines that contain paracetamol, there's a risk of overdose.” According to the NHS, nausea and vomiting are "extremely common" symptoms of paracetamol overdose. These symptoms may occur within a few hours of ingestion of a hepatotoxic dose, warns the health body. Hepatotoxicity is the injury or liver damage caused by exposure to drugs. The symptoms of poisoning depend on the substance and the amount you take in.  Specific signs of paracetamol poisoning can also include yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes, loss of coordination, and low blood sugar. The NHS says: “Taking one or two extra tablets by accident is unlikely to be harmful, as long as you do not take more than eight tablets in 24 hours." Though it adds that you should wait at least 24 hours before taking any more paracetamol. If you need to go to your nearest A&E, the NHS says that you should take the paracetamol packet or leaflet inside it plus any remaining medicine with you.  There are also some people who need to take extra care with paracetamol. You should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you have had an allergic reaction to paracetamol or any other medicines in the past or you have liver or kidney problems. You should do the same if you take medicine for epilepsy, take medicine for tuberculosis or take the blood-thinner warfarin and you may need to take paracetamol on a regular basis. 