No player will be more anxious than Romelu Lukaku to prove himself when Chelsea step out onto the Wembley pitch to face Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Thomas Tuchel will know he faces a selection dilemma in deciding whether to recall his £97.5million signing after dropping the striker in midweek. The 28-year-old has endured a difficult spell since re-signing for the Blues from Inter Milan, with the player’s revelation about his future causing a rift with Tuchel in December. Lukaku may be the club’s top goalscorer this season with 10 goals in all competitions but such a record is less impressive when comparing to Tammy Abraham, who bagged 12 for the Blues before moving onto Roma in the summer. His contribution in terms of carrying out Tuchel’s tactical plan has disappointed fans and pundits alike. Chelsea often look blunt and out of ideas when he leads the frontline. That was reflected when Lukaku managed just seven touches in the 1-0 win over Crystal Palace — the lowest of any player completing 90 minutes since Opta began collecting data in 2003. His ineffectiveness was easy for Tuchel to spot and the 48-year-old made the decision to drop Lukaku in favour of Kai Havertz, who scored the opener in the 2-0 win over Lille in the Champions League last-16 knockout round. BREAKING: Chelsea owner Abramovich steps back as Ukraine crisis increases The German attacker looked lively and used his energy and creativity to roam in the central areas, linking up impressively with Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic. Tuchel made little effort to conceal his delight about how Havertz performed in the No.9 role and singled out Lukaku — who was left as an unused substitute — by questioning his efforts. "I am very pleased for Kai," he said. "He really steps up. The effort is immense, the work rate is immense, the areas of the pitch he covers for us. "He was very good, very decisive. He was never shy of defending. We had an aggressive high line today with our offensive players. MUST READLukaku's latest gesture puts Chelsea on alert with Inter callAzpilicueta warns Chelsea over losing Kante as contract issues emergeBarcelona ‘eyeing Chelsea misfit’ as Xavi waits on Azpilicueta verdict “It was a formation to have intensity and a high work rate consistently throughout the whole match and they did very well. Romelu struggled in the last games to deliver that." While there have been suggestions from the German tactician that he rested Lukaku because he was “mentally tired”, the Belgian is understood to have refuted those claims and insisted he was fully fit. It is a small but intriguing chapter in the story of their recent fallout and Tuchel is at a crossroads now about how to handle the situation. If he continues to prioritise Havertz as his focal point in attack, it leaves little room for Lukaku to fit in the side, considering the importance of Mason Mount and recent form of Ziyech. Leaving him out of the club’s most important match of the season in the Carabao Cup final would be a huge call, but one that may prove more popular with the club’s fans. However, it would be a gamble to go against the wishes of billionaire owner Roman Abramovich and director Marina Granovskaia, who orchestrated the club’s £97.5million record signing. Even if he has guided the club to the Champions League and Club World Cup, few managers go against Abramovich’s wishes at Chelsea and live to tell the tale. Now that the Russian has taken a step back, it seems that Granovskaia's role may become even more prominent. Tuchel had demanded a new striker to be signed over the summer after watching Jorginho finish the season as top goalscorer with seven goals, and Granvoskaia delivered Lukaku, who notched 24 goals to help Inter Milan win the Serie A title. In which case, benching Lukaku for a crucial fixture on the world stage would cast a shadow over the Belgian’s future just seven months into his second spell at Stamford Bridge. There is certainly an argument for his inclusion, though, and one that Tuchel may consider along with avoiding the wrath of his bosses. His physicality would give Virgil van Dijk a difficult day out in the final, occupying the central areas in and around the box, freeing up the likes of Mount and Ziyech to buzz around as they please. His aerial presence gives the Blues an outlet in the air if they decide to go long, with Liverpool expected to press high up the pitch. It is something that Havertz is not as effective at doing, although Tuchel has hinted Havertz would be deserving of a starting place. “Did he do enough to start the final? Absolutely yes,” he added in his press conference. If only he had such certainty about Lukaku. Tuchel has stood by the striker despite constant links with a return to Inter Milan and his limited impact on games, but his patience may have finally burned out. If Havertz starts and impresses against Liverpool, it could mark the beginning of the end of Lukaku’s fairytale return to west London. But if Tuchel makes the wrong call and it costs the club more silverware, the German could be the one searching for answers from the club's hierarchical figures.