Manchester United could look to keep Ralf Rangnick at the helm for an additional six months if they decide Luis Enrique is worth waiting for, according to reports. The former treble-winning Barcelona boss is currently under contract with the Spain national team, who he will lead out at November's World Cup in Qatar.  Enrique has admirers at Old Trafford though and is understood to be one of several managers currently under consideration. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag remain the two clear frontrunners for the hot-seat but there are no guarantees they will be available given they're also currently employed by Paris Saint-Germain and Ajax, respectively. Both managers put pen to paper on new contracts last summer meaning talks with either could prove complicates unless Pochettino and Ten Hag are granted permission to hold discussions with United over the vacancy. Nonetheless, it appears United do have one option to fall back on in Rangnick, who could seemingly remain in charge beyond his stay. READ MORE: Man Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration ESPN suggest should United decide to hold out for Enrique, the German interim boss could remain in charge of first-team operations for an additional six months. That would buy United the time to wait for Enrique's Spain deal to expire at the end of the year, after the World Cup. According to Fabrizio Romano though, Enrique is not in the equation because of his commitment to Spain's World Cup campaign. “Of course, maybe the situation could change in the summer of 2023 but now he is only focused on the World Cup with Spain and I cannot see Luis Enrique deciding on his future during this process," he told Rio Ferdinand's FIVE Podcast. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesMan Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two surprise Ralf Rangnick favouritesMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration “He is preparing everything for the World Cup, which is an important one for Luis Enrique because the Euros were good but not great for Spain. “From what I have been told from people close to Luis Enrique is that it is still quiet with [interested] clubs – Manchester United, in particular, is absolutely quiet. “I would keep the names of Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag as the priorities for the Manchester United job.” Pochettino and Ten Hag remain the two most likely candidates to replace Rangnick, who is set to move upstairs into a consultancy role this summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He made it clear upon arrival at Old Trafford that the United board had told him his current role - as interim boss - was simply until the end of the season. “The people with whom I have spoken have been very clear we are speaking of a six-month role," Rangnick clarified during his unveiling. “We have never spoken about what will happen in the summer. If they will then speak with me about that, we will see. If everything goes well, I might make the same recommendation as I did at RB Leipzig that it will be good to keep working for one year - but it is all hypothetical. “For me it is all about winning the next games.”