Starring alongside Bradley Walsh and Joanna Scanlan, who plays her parents Pop and Ma, Mariette actress Sabrina Bartlette has left ITV bosses reportedly scrambling for a replacement as she has left the show. Her reported departure comes after an on-set disagreement, which was described as "sensitive" and described the cast as a "wild-family". Sabrina's publicists have spoken out about the incidents and told Daily Mail that she is leaving the show due to "scheduling clashes". However, a source claimed that she had left the ITV show following a disagreement on set. Sabrina is reportedly holding talks with ITV and has split from the agency that represented her following the argument. Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for a comment. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute Speaking ahead of the series launch last year, Sabrina described the cast as a "wild-family" and was excited for viewers to see the show. "I never feel like I am equal. I always feel like, ‘Gosh, I can’t believe I’ve got the job, and I am working with these people.’ ­Especially if they are big names. "I’m very clumsy, I am quite goofy, and I find it really hard to express myself or sometimes to even get the words out. So I overcompensate. Sometimes it’s a bit of a panic. “Especially when it’s with other people of such high calibre, and you want to impress them or just do a good job and be liked. “That gets a bit lost sometimes, I’m still working on it. "I felt very at home with everybody, sort of like falling down the rabbit hole and having a family overnight. "After such a hard year for everybody, I think even being on set at all was such a privilege." The Larkins is an adaptation of the 90s hit Darling Buds of May and follows a working-class family enjoying rural life in Kent. DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? [WATCH] 1566220 Sabrina's onscreen siblings include young actors Liam Middleton as Montgomery, twins Rosie and Davina Coleman as Petunia and Zinnia, Lola Shepelev as Victoria and Lydia Page as Primrose. The first series aired last autumn and pulled in an impressive five million viewers who watched to find out if Mariette would leave for Paris alone. During the Christmas Day special, the episode pulled in an average of 1.8 million viewers and saw Mariette become engaged to boyfriend Cedric Charlton (Tok Stephen). Speaking as they began filming the Christmas special, Sabrina said: "[I'm] definitely very excited. "It's so great to be back working with everybody again, in this wonderful, eccentric, mad village." Could the Paris storyline be revisited to explain the absence of Sabrina from the show? Will ITV re-cast the role or write her out completely? The Larkins is avaible to watch on ITV Hub.