She was due to hold two virtual audiences but they were postponed as she struggles with a sore throat and runny nose. The Queen, 95, who tested positive for the virus on Sunday, also cancelled virtual engagements on Tuesday but she did have her normal telephone audience with Boris Johnson on Wednesday. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "The two virtual audiences that had previously been scheduled to take place will now be rescheduled for a later date. "Her Majesty is continuing with light duties. No other engagements are scheduled for this week." Officials have stressed the Queen has been suffering only mild, cold-like symptoms and Palace sources said she has been up and about at Windsor, completing paperwork. But there has been concern because of her age. Experts say most people with the virus start off with mild symptoms and doctors would need to keep a close eye on anyone in their 90s.  The Queen is understood to be triple-vaccinated and royal physicians are likely to have prescribed her with antiviral drugs to control the virus. But she has looked noticeably frailer recently after suffering a number of health problems. She rested for more than three months after pulling out of a trip to Northern Ireland to mark its centenary in October and spent 24 hours in hospital for an unspecified medical condition. In November, a back sprain meant that she did not attend the national service of remembrance. The Queen has also started using a walking stick. Last week she talked about a mobility problem in her left leg or foot, saying: "As you can see, I can't move."  The Queen has a string of highprofile engagements next month. She will host an annual diplomatic reception at Windsor Castle and is also due to be at the Commonwealth Service and the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, both at Westminster Abbey. In April, she will begin attending events at Buckingham Palace again when the state apartments reopen after a refurbishment. She is expected to commute from Windsor, which has become her main residence, for most events leading up to her Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. 