State pension payments will be looked forward to by many as people transition out of the workplace. However, retirement and the help that often comes with it could be moving further away for Britons. This is as a result of state pension age changes, which could have a knock on effect not only for retirement age, but other support individuals are looking for. State pension age is currently under review, but is guaranteed to rise in the coming years. While the age currently sits at 66, Britons can expect increases to 67, and subsequently to 68. This will impact the ability to retire for many individuals who will be reliant on the state pension for retirement income. READ MORE: Good news as thousands of Britons become ISA millionaires But the retirement age is not the only issue for older individuals living in the UK - particularly in England. This is because the state pension age changes may have an effect on the time at which a person can get a free bus pass, and even free prescriptions. In England, individuals can secure a bus pass for free travel when they reach the state pension age in most circumstances. Those in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, however, usually only have to wait until the age of 60. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges pensioners to check if they can get top-up [INSIGHT]How to get the full state pension as millions face deductions [LATEST]Can you inherit the state pension? Specific criteria must be met [UPDATE] However, with the state pension age rising, those living in England are likely to have to wait longer for this entitlement. This could hamper the ability to travel wherever a person chooses without cost. There are also concerns about the future of free prescriptions for older Britons. The Government is currently consulting on whether the free prescription age should be aligned to the state pension age. Currently at 60, this would mean a six year rise for the entitlement, potentially affecting hundreds of thousands of people. This would only be the case in England, as other parts of the UK have free prescriptions for all - regardless of age. While the matter has not yet been decided, some experts have suggested April 2022 could be the pivotal moment. If the changes went ahead, many individuals aged 60 to 65 may have to meet a £9.35 charge per item. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea State pension age changes could therefore have a drastic impact on various aspects of life for older people. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age. “No final decisions have been made and we will publish the consultation response in due course.”