The average lifespan of a brake pad is between 25,000 and 60,000 miles, but variables such as city driving and even personal driving habits can affect this significantly. Experts at MotorEasy have identified the warning signs that drivers should be aware of in the event that they need to replace them. The most revealing sign is that a driver will hear a squealing or scraping sound when driving, which will disappear when they hit the brakes. This is thanks to an in-built metal “wear indicator” tab which will emit a grating sound when it scrapes against the rotor, indicating that the brake pad has worn down to a potentially dangerous level. A brake pedal that vibrates when stepped on is possibly due to the adhesive resin on a worn brake pad being smeared unevenly across the rotor, This causes a “glazing” effect and can, if ignored, cause the brakes to be compromised. READ MORE: Today at the Caravan Show looks at a 'stunning' £750k motorhome When the brake pads are worn right down, it will affect the braking distances as they won't create the appropriate amount of friction to stop the vehicle. Sometimes, brake pads will not wear out at the same rate and will be uneven, which can result in the car pulling to one side when braking. Duncan McClure-Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy, warned drivers not to ignore the issue as repairs could be expensive. He said: “Regular vehicle maintenance is crucial to keeping a roadworthy vehicle running safely. DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel prices hit new record high as drivers warned [WARNING]Used car prices hit all-time high as costs could continue to rise [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes to be made as Audi introduce renewable fuel [INSIGHT] “Depending on the model of the car, the average cost of a replacement set is usually over £100, so careful driving habits can possibly also save drivers money in the long run. “We would advise motorists to not procrastinate when it comes to any brake issues and to seek professional advice urgently to investigate the cause and carry out necessary repairs on the vehicle.” When trying to make the brake pads last longer, it is important that drivers keep the speed low and go with the flow in heavy traffic. This will avoid premature brake pad wear and tear. By transforming more energy generated from higher speeds into heat, it’s creating more energy that the brake pads have to dissipate. Drivers are advised to slow down and always stick to the speed limits to reduce the risk of unnecessary wear. For those driving in cities, the brake pads could be worn more quickly due to the stop-start nature of the journeys and increase in traffic. Any extra weight in the vehicle will impact how much pressure is needed on the brakes, and this relates to customisations too, such as body panels and wheels. MotorEasy urges motorists to always empty baggage and additional items from the vehicle after a journey to relieve the kinetic load on the brake pads. Drivers should also avoid sudden braking as Mr McClure-Fisher warns it will lead to brake pads being worn more quickly. He added: “Always give yourself a safe distance between the vehicle in front so you can come to a gentle stop at junctions, roundabouts, or traffic lights. “Focus on braking gently and consider coasting more often, and braking when necessary.”