Liverpool are always looking to bolster their squad by bringing in new players, while shipping off those who are deemed surplus to requirements. As one of the best teams in Europe, it goes without saying that club bosses look to improve things at every opportunity. Like their Premier League rivals, that has led to a high turnover of players, although the Reds haven’t been anywhere near as lively in their transfer dealings as some of their competitors. A whole host of ex-Reds players are therefore making a living for other clubs. And Express Sport takes a look at five former Liverpool stars we can’t believe are still playing. Martin Skrtel Martin Skrtel made 320 appearances for Liverpool during an eight-and-a-half-year spell at Anfield. During that time he lifted the League Cup and was an instrumental part of Brendan Rodgers’ side which came within a whisker of winning the Premier League title in 2014. The former Slovakia international left Liverpool in 2016 to join Fenerbahce and is currently plying his trade with Spartak Trnava in his homeland at the age of 37. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  Charlie Adam Liverpool shelled out £7.5million to sign Charlie Adam from Blackpool in 2011. The midfielder had racked up 16 goals and nine assists to help the Seasiders win promotion from the Championship in 2010. And he excelled for Blackpool in the Premier League as he contributed 12 strikes and eight assists, but ultimately couldn’t help the side stay in the top flight as they were relegated after one season. Adam, who is now 36, was well out of his depth at Anfield and stayed for just one season before being sold to Stoke City. And in 2020, the ex-Scotland international returned north of the border, where he is currently turning out for Dundee in the Scottish Premiership. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Jay Spearing Jay Spearing came through the Liverpool academy before enjoying loan spells with Leicester and Bolton over a decade ago.  He eventually signed for the Trotters on a permanent basis in 2013 after making 55 first-team appearances for the Reds. The 33-year-old midfielder subsequently had spells with Blackburn and Blackpool before joining Tranmere in 2020, where he has played 84 times. Sebastian Coates Sebastian Coates moved to Anfield from Nacional in 2011. But he failed to make the grade with the Reds and returned to the Uruguayan club on loan three years later. He was later shipped off on loan to Sunderland and ended up joining the Black Cats on a permanent basis in 2015.   The 31-year-old eventually carved out a career for himself at the top of the game after signing for Sporting Lisbon in 2017 and has appeared in the Champions League five times this season. Pepe Reina Before the start of 2020, Premier League fans might have been forgiven for thinking Pepe Reina hung up his boots years ago. After all, the goalkeeper did join Liverpool back in 2005. But the former Spain international enjoyed a short spell with Aston Villa two seasons ago. And he’s still playing for Lazio at the grand old age of 39. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 