Today sirens sounded out in Kyiv, as Russian troops and tanks bore down on Ukraine’s capital. Residents were forced to take shelter in the city’s underground system following a series of Russian aerial attacks that hit the densely populated neighbourhood of Pozniake. Yet, amid a growing list of casualties, the Kremlin said Russia was ready to talk to Ukrainian officials, according to Chinese state television CCTV. Putin told Chinese President Xi Jinping: “The United States and NATO have long ignored Russia’s reasonable security concerns, repeatedly reneged on their commitments and continues to advance military deployment eastward, challenging Russia’s strategic bottom line. “Russia is willing to conduct high-level negotiations with Ukraine.” Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has caused shockwaves across the world, and been perceived by some as an attempt to revive Moscow’s Cold War-era influence. Yet, mere months before Russian tanks entered Kyiv, UK Prime Minister Mr Johnson stressed that the age of “big tank battles” fought in Europe were over. Read More: Panic buying frenzy at UK petrol stations amid Ukraine crisis While giving evidence to the Liaison Committee last November, Mr Johnson clashed with Tobias Ellwood, a former minister in the Ministry of Defence, over cuts to the defence budget. The Prime Minister said: “It’s now or never for the UK armed forces. “We have to recognise that the old concept of fighting big tank battles on European land mass are over.” The Prime Minister added: “I think the investments that we are making in new technology are absolutely indispensable to our ability to fight wars of the 21st century.  “I don’t think going back to a 1940s style approach will serve us well.” In March last year, it was announced that the army’s size would be reduced from 82,000 to 73,000 in the next four years as the Government moved its focus towards cyber warfare and drones. The Government also announced that the number of tanks would be cut from 227 to 148 upgraded ones while a third of the 227 Challenger tanks would be scrapped. The RAF would also lose 24 of its older Typhoon jets and its Hercules transport aircrafts. Don't Miss:Chernobyl: Kremlin tried to deflect blame for disaster onto CIA[OPINION]Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support[ANALYSIS]UK’s ‘emergency alerts’ system to launch this year amid war fears[INSIGHT] Mr Ellwood told the Prime Minister: “We are cutting back on our tanks ‒ what is amassing on the Ukrainian border? It’s tanks. “Step back, look at the wider security picture, look at our defence posture and see what needs to be done. “48 aircrafts, F-45’s, you promised 138. You cut back to 48. “You cut back on not just tanks, Warriors have been removed completely, Hercules aircrafts ‒ removed completely, and then 10,000 troops have been removed. “There are bigger threats on the horizon.” In response to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine Mr Johnson has hit Russia with the “largest set of sanctions ever imposed anywhere by the UK Government.” Addressing Parliament, Mr Johnson said: “Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. “He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands.” Downing Street confirmed five olgirachs close to the Kremlin would be sanctioned, including the former husband of Putin’s daughter Kirill Shamalov. Speaking to the House of Commons, Mr Johnson said that more than 100 businesses and individuals will be targeted, including “all the major manufacturers that support Putin’s war machine.” Whitehall officials claim that the economic impact of the collective sanctions could potentially knock several percentage points of Russia’s GDP over the next year. Meanwhile, EU leaders also agreed to a new set of sanctions which target Russia’s financial, transport and energy sectors.