Liverpool are 'very carefully' monitoring the future of Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez ahead of a potential summer move, according to reports. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has previously been high in his praise of Martinez. And it appears the Argentine could be on his way out of Inter this summer. Barcelona have shown strong interest in Martinez in the past. Arsenal and Tottenham were also keen on the 24-year-old last summer. Martinez has 11 Serie A goals to his name this season in 24 appearances. He built a fine partnership with Romelu Lukaku before the Belgian departed for Chelsea ahead of this season. JUST IN: Ex-Liverpool star Stephen Warnock left red-faced on MOTD2 after 'Gangnam Style' mix-up  Despite being just 24, he has already made over 150 appearances for Inter and played 37 times for his country. In December, after Liverpool were drawn against Inter in the last-16 of the Champions League, Klopp singled out Martinez for praise in his assessment of the reigning Serie A champions. Klopp said: "Lautaro Martinez is one of the most exciting strikers in the world, probably." And it appears there is a real interest from Klopp in bringing Martinez to Anfield. DON'T MISSArsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in Carabao Cup final [OPINION]Jesse Marsch's honest RB Leipzig admission will worry Leeds amid relegation dogfight [QUOTES]Man Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba [REPORT]  Italian football journalist Marco Conterio has given an update on Inter's transfer plans. He claims Inter want to sign Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scamacca as a long-term replacement for Edin Dzeko. But Conterio says players will also be leaving Inter, outlining Liverpool's interest in Martinez. “Inter are moving and watching many players, but they are also watching many clubs be interested in their players,” Inter-News report Conterio saying to Italian TV channel Rai Sport.  “One above all is Lautaro Martinez, who is very popular in England. Liverpool are monitoring him very carefully. “Scamacca is still the name in pole; he would be the perfect profile for the Nerazzurri as a replacement for Edin Dzeko.” Martinez only signed a new contract at Inter towards the end of 2021. His new deal is set to keep him at the club until 2026. Liverpool have already strengthened their attack this year, bringing in Luis Diaz from Porto.  But it appears Klopp is continuing to look to the future with younger replacements for the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino. Liverpool beat Martinez's Inter 2-0 in the first leg of their Champions League tie at the San Siro. Martinez has started all seven games for Inter in this year's competition but is yet to score or assist. Inter visit Anfield on March 8 looking to overturn the two-goal deficit.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here