Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered Russia's nuclear deterrent forces on high alert as tensions with the West over Ukraine grow. Sanctions, warnings and aid for Ukraine have been issued by the West as Russia's army invades its neighbour - something which has angered Putin. Russian forces are bearing down on Kyiv, and now Britain has warned Putin could use "the most unsavoury means" to win the war on Ukraine. Experts have warned the Russian president could unleash Moscow's arsenal of battlefield nuclear weapons. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said any use of nuclear or chemical weapons would represent an "extremely serious escalation" of the conflict. She warned it could see Russian leaders brought before the International Criminal Court. Read More: Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv Her warning came after the Commons Defence Committee chairman Tobias Ellwood said in the "worst-case scenario" Mr Putin could deploy low yield tactical nuclear weapons if his forces failed to make a breakthrough. With the Russian advance on the capital, Kyiv, apparently bogged down in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance, Ms Truss said the survival of Putin's regime could now be at stake if his invasion plan failed. But just how many nuclear weapons does Russia have? According to the latest data, Russia has around 6,000 warheads - making it the country with the largest nuclear stockpile. However, the majority of these are in reserves, with approximately 1,600 deployed via land, sea and air-based weapons. There are several countries known to possess nuclear weapons including Of these, several countries are currently known to be increasing their warhead stockpiles - China, India, North Korea, Russia and the UK. However, the total number of weapons has dropped by approximately 80 percent since the end of the Cold War. DON'T MISSRussia war threats EXPLODE as Putin vows to battle Finland and Sweden [INSIGHT]Andrew Neil highlights key attacks by Ukrainian troops to halt Russia [ANALYSIS]Kyiv mayor warns Russian soldiers 12 MILES away from capital [VIDEO] What was once an estimated 70,300 weapons in 1986 was now 12,700 as of early 2022. Now fears are mounting Putin could turn to nuclear warfare if the war against Ukraine does not go in his favour. Ms Truss told Sky News's Trevor Phillips on Sunday programme: "This could well be the beginning of the end for Putin. I fear that he is prepared to use the most unsavoury means in this war." When asked about Russia's arsenal of chemical and tactical nuclear weapons, she said: "I fear this conflict could be very, very bloody. "I urge the Russians not to escalate this conflict but we do need to be prepared for Russia to seek to use even worse weapons. "I think it would be hugely devastating. We need to avoid this at all costs." A further fear is Russia deploying devastating thermobaric "vacuum bombs". These bombs suck in oxygen, triggering a deadly and far-reaching high-temperature explosion. Others question the use of chemical warfare as a possibility, with world leaders urged to think what to do next if Putin extended the fight to unconventional forces. Commons Defence Committee chairman Tobias Ellwood told the BBC: "He could certainly use other weapons systems which haven't been really tested or that we aren't really used to. "Chemical weapons, the worst-case scenario would be low yield tactical nuclear weapons as well. We need to ask those questions as to what we would do." Anger has been sparked in Russia with the West's involvement in its war on Ukraine, particularly with sanctions that impact the country's numerous billionaires. Ms Truss said these oligarchs would be targeted, with lists drawn up of key figures. She told Sky News: "There are over 100 billionaires in Russia. We have compiled a hit list of oligarchs. We are working through and putting the cases together, and every few weeks we will sanction new oligarchs. "We will be targeting oligarchs' private jets, we will be targeting their properties, we will be targeting other possessions that they have and there will be nowhere to hide."