 The ATP withdrew Zverev from the Mexican Open yesterday after the German lashed out at the umpire’s chair upon losing a doubles match. The 24-year-old was removed from the tournament for unsportsmanlike conduct after he approached the umpire’s chair shouting expletives, before hitting it with a racket. Zverev, who was deeply critical of the umpire’s performance, screamed: “You f***ing destroyed the whole f***ing match. The whole f***ing match.” Earlier in the doubles match, in which Zverev and partner Marcelo Melo lost 2-6 6-4 10-6 to Harri Helionaara and Lloyd Glasspool, the German also erupted over a contentious call in a match tiebreaker. It was not the first time the fiery world No 3 lost his temper after a disappointing result. During the 2019 Australian Open Zverev, who was the tournament’s fourth seed, smashed his racket against the ground eight times during a straight sets loss to Milos Raonic. In the match’s second set, the then-21-year-old took a seat courtside and began smashing his racket against the ground before flinging it away. Read More: Zverev releases statement after disqualification for angry outburst  He was subsequently warned by the umpire for racket abuse. After Zverev was thrashed by the big serving Canadian 6-1 6-1 6-7, he stormed off the court. Speaking to the media after his unlikely fourth round exit, Zverev said: “Yeah it made me feel better. “I was very angry, so I let my anger out.”  He added: “I mean, I played bad. The first two sets especially, I played horrible. “It’s just tough to name one thing (I did well). “I didn’t serve well, didn’t play well from the baseline. Against a quality player like him, it’s tough to come back from that.” Zverev’s latest outburst has seen him booted out of the Mexican Open. Don't Miss:Novak Djokovic's ‘heated’ outburst before Rafael Nadal encounter[OPINION]Novak Djokovic told he should be 'thrown the f*** out of tennis'[ANALYSIS]Andy Murray warned about 'strict' Australian Covid rules: 'Painful'[INSIGHT]  In turn, his compatriot Peter Gojowczyk has been granted a walkover in their upcoming last-16 match. The star later took to Instagram to apologise for the temper tantrum. He said: “It is difficult to put into words how much I regret my behaviour during and after the doubles match yesterday. “I have privately apologised to the chair umpire because my outburst towards him was wrong and unacceptable and I am only disappointed in myself.  “It just should not have happened and there is no excuse. I would also like to apologise to my fans, the tournament and the sport I love. “As you know, I leave everything on the court. Yesterday I left too much. “I am going to take the coming days to reflect on my actions and how I can ensure that it will not happen again.  “I am sorry for letting you down.” A day before the incident, Zverev was involved in the latest-ever finish in tennis history. The German’s victory against Jenson Brooksby started at 1:30am local time, and did not finish until 4:55am.