Kate, Duchess of Cambridge has been on a whistle-stop tour of Denmark in recent days, touching down in Copenhagen on Tuesday. The future Queen's Danish visit has been dubbed a fact-finding mission, with the Duchess hoping to further her work with the early years. The Duchess of Cambridge launched The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood last year, and Denmark is widely considered to be a world leader in the field.  Kate's love of babies is well-documented, and her work with the early years has become a forefront issue of her royal portfolio. And Kate is also known to be a doting mother to her three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, who she shares with her husband Prince William. But based on some of her recent comments, it appears Kate would be happy to add a fourth baby to the Cambridge squad. During her trip to Denmark this week, Kate stopped at the Children's Museum to hear more about the Understanding Your Baby research project.  READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan snapped enjoying dinner with Eugenie As part of her visit, Kate got to meet some parents and their babies, and she was visibly in her element as she smiled at the little ones. After meeting the babies, Kate joked: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, 'let's have another one'." This hasn't been the first hint in recent weeks that baby number four is on Kate's mind.  Kate was pictured cooing over a newborn baby at the Clitheroe Community Hospital in January 2022. When Kate held the baby, an audible 'aww' echoed around the room, and Kate looked delighted with the little bundle of joy. But William was very quick to dispel any suggestion the couple might have another baby, telling the crowd: “Don’t give my wife any more ideas!” When Kate returned the baby girl to her parents, William joked again: "Don’t take her with you.” DON'T MISS:'Coincidence?' Harry and Meghan photos circulate in US as Kate out [ANALYSIS]Kate heads for lunch with Princess Mary after meeting Danish Queen [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton stuns in Catherine Walker coat with Crown Princess Mary [PICTURES] Historically, several British monarchs have had a lot of children, so Kate and William would be following this precedent if they opted to have another baby. The Queen and Prince Philip famously had four children, Prince Charles, Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, so Kate and William would need to have one more baby to follow the Queen's example. The Queen's grandparents King George V and Queen Mary had six children, while King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra had seven.  And in the 19th Century, Queen Victoria and Prince Albert famously had nine children together. But in recent decades, societal change has meant many opt to have fewer children nowadays. Indeed, some recent monarchs and monarchs-in-waiting have opted to have just two children, such as King George VI and the future King, Prince Charles. So given Kate and William welcomed Prince Louis in 2018, the couple may have decided a family of five is big enough for them. 