Speaking to ITV’s Robert Peston, 61, former Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt, 55, expressed his concerns over the Ukrainian crisis. His comments come as Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, 44, revealed roughly 200,000 Russian troops have now gathered at the eastern European country’s borders after Vladimir Putin, 69, announced he was recognizing the independence of two Russia-backed separatist areas in eastern Ukraine.   Mr Peston asked the former Foreign Secretary whether Britain was doing enough to stop the Russian President from invading as Western nations impose strict sanctions to prevent a conflict. To which Mr Hunt replied: “Well, we have got to do a lot more. “There are arguments for holding back some things at the early stage because then you give them a reason to not march on Kiev. “But there are arguments on showing strength right away and I think those arguments are going to prove irrelevant because I think we are going to see him invade the whole country, sadly, in the next few days. READ MORE: Fightback! Armed resistance erupts as Ukrainians to 'destroy' invaders  “So we will have to show Putin that somehow it's going to be different this time.” “The only sanctions that are really going to work in the long run are the ones that stop him making it harder for the Russian state to fund the Russian military.” To which the ITV presenter replied by stating the UK is “nowhere near” that at the moment. Mr Hunt continued: “Not at the moment, but if we are going to do that that means digging in for the long term. DON'T MISSPutin's invasion hell takes horror twist [UPDATE]Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [INSIGHT]Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [REVEAL]  “It means saying that we are going to have sustained sanctions by all Western powers over five, 10, 15 years. “The big mistake we have made in the West over the last two decades since Putin has been in power is that every time a Government changes, the new Government says ‘we will have a reset, we will try again with the Russians, we will relax whatever stuff the previous lot did’ and Putin thinks he has got away with it.” Boris Johnson announced the UK was imposing sanctions upon Russia after the Kremlin ordered tanks into the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk on Monday as a “peacekeeping mission”. These included five banks which had their assets frozen, along with three Russian billionaires who will be hit with UK travel bans. The Prime Minister stressed that the sanctions were a “first barrage” and may be extended, however, Mr Johnson has been facing calls for tougher action. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer welcomed British sanctions, but said the UK “must be prepared to go further”.  