Paul McCartney’s daughter, Mary McCartney, 52, has spoken up about the fact that there are “different sides” to her dad. She said that his stage persona is vastly differently to the “family” version of her father. Mary said that she sees her father in “two different ways”. The photographer and eldest child of Paul and Linda explains that there is a difference between the family Paul and the stage Paul. She said: “I see my dad in two very different ways. READ MORE: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan “When it’s family, it’s family, and when he tries to tell a story everyone talks over him. “Then when he’s on stage I think, wow. He’s pretty amazing.” Mary also spoke to Echo about Paul’s talent for cooking. She explained he is usually put in charge of mashed potato during family dinners. She added that he “spends ages” whipping the mash with a fork. Mary explained: “Dad can cook, he likes to make the lasagne out of mum’s first cookbook, and he makes a very good mashed potato. “If we’re all having Sunday lunch, he’s in charge of mash. “He doesn’t put any special ingredients into it, I think it’s just because he takes the time. DON'T MISS...Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Brenda Edwards breaks silence after son's tragic death [UPDATE]Chris Packham rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'cruel' policy reversal[ANALYSIS] “He mashes it and then spends ages whipping it with a fork ... and he’s not shy with the butter either.” The star released a cookbook, Food: Vegetarian Home Cooking, in 2012. The book includes photos from Mary’s childhood. Mary now has her own four children and added that she cherishes all the memories from her early life in Liverpool. Paul McCartney recently spoke up about writing the Beatles album, Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band. The legendary musician said that it was the “drug album.” When asked by producer George Martin what inspired the album, Paul replied saying “drugs.” He said: “I said: ‘In one word, George, drugs. Pot… Sgt. Pepper was a drug album.”