Rhio Terras is currently an Estonian MEP, but served as the Commander of Estonian Forces from 2011-18. In a tweet, he revealed that he had received information from a Ukrainian intelligence officer indicating that the Russian leader had expected a swift military victory and was furious it had not been achieved. The Estonian MEP wrote: "Intel from a Ukrainian officer about a meeting in Putin’s lair in Urals. "Oligarchs convened there so no one would flee. "Putin is furious, he thought that the whole war would be easy and everything would be done in 1-4 days." He claimed the Russian army was unprepared and ill-equipped for its campaign in Ukraine and was running out of weapons. Mr Terras said: "Russians didn’t have a tactical plan. The war costs about $20 bln/day. "There are rockets for 3-4 days at most, they use them sparingly. "They lack weapons, the Tula and 2 Rotenberg plants can’t physically fulfil the orders for weapons. Rifles and ammo are the most they can do." Mr Terras added: "The next Russian weapons can be produced in 3-4 months – if even that. "They have no raw materials. What was previously supplied mainly from Slovenia, Finland and Germany is now cut off." The European member of parliament urged Ukrainians to hold on, predicting that Mr Putin would soon be forced to the negotiating table. He said: "If Ukraine manages to hold the Russians off for 10 days, then the Russians will have to enter negotiations. "Because they have no money, weapons, or resources." READ MORE: Russia Belarus union explained: Inside Putin and Lukashenko's bond The former general claimed that the entire Russian plan relied on creating panic, so that civilians and the army surrender, forcing President Zelenskiy to flee. He wrote: "The Ukrainians must avoid panic! "The missile strikes are for intimidation, the Russians fire them at random to “accidentally” hit residential buildings to make the attack look larger than it really is. "Ukraine must stay strong and we must provide assistance!" Analysts have been impressed at the courage and skill of the Ukrainian military in repelling the Russian onslaught. DON'T MISSStars and public around the world back Russia protests [REVEAL]Prince William's defiant message against Putin's Russia [SPOTLIGHT]Ex son-in-law of Putin on list of sanctioned rich [INSIGHT] Franz-Stefan Gady, a defence analyst, summarised the situation on the battlefield this morning, day three of the invasion. He said that Ukrainian defences had held, the Air Force was still flying morale was hight among the troops and that there "no signs of imminent collapse." However, with Russian troops within 30 km of Kyiv, he predicted Russia would step military pressure. He warned: "A very bloody day/night ahead I am afraid to say." The Ukrainian army claimed it has killed over 3,500 "Russian occupiers", as well as destroying substantial Russian military armour.