Fresh data designed to measure irregular migration for the first time show stark truths for Home Secretary Priti Patel, who has long promised to get to grips with the immigration and asylum system in the UK. The statistics show the number of people being deported from Britain is at a record low, while applications for asylum are reaching new heights. The data, published by the Home Office on Thursday, February 24, show 28,526 people arrived in small boats in 2021. This is a jump from 8,466 arriving in 2020, which cannot be explained by the pandemic: in 2019, the number of arrivals was 1,843. In 2018 it was 299. The numbers of people applying for asylum in the UK in 2021 were “substantially higher than levels seen prior to the [coronavirus] outbreak”, the Home Office said. There were 18,766 applications for asylum in the fourth quarter of 2021 — that’s 141 percent more applications than the same period in 2020, and 89 percent more when compared to the same period in 2019. In total in 2021, there were 48,540 asylum applications in the UK, 63 percent higher than the previous year. This figure is even higher than the peak of the European migration crisis in 2015/16, when there were 36,546 applications. Of the 14,734 initial decisions made on asylum seekers in 2021, seven in 10 were granted refuge in the UK. The figures show that just 2,380 people were forcibly returned to another county in the year ending September 2021. This is a 35 percent yearly drop, and the lowest number on record. READ MORE: Channel migrant crisis: Why refugees travel to the UK from Europe The data shows this figure has been declining since a peak in 2012, when 13,647 non-EU foreign nationals were forcibly returned. The figures also show that, since the asylum applications rules were strengthened in 2020 after Brexit to allow asylum seekers to be removed if they arrived from a “safe country”, just 11 people have been deported. This challenges Ms Patel’s claim, made in the House of Commons in November 2021, that most people arriving on small boats were “not genuine asylum seekers”. Enver Solomon, CEO of the Refugee Council, said: "It comes as no surprise that [the] Home Office statistics show that the UK, along with our European neighbours, has seen an increase in asylum applications in 2021. "Where there is war, conflict and violence — there will be people desperately seeking safety. "It is important to recognise that seven out of 10 men, women and children arriving in the UK are found to be fleeing bloodshed and persecution, the likes of which is unfolding in Ukraine, and so are granted protection.”  Mr Solomon added: “The Government's own statistics today show that their inadmissibility rules are pointless, harmful and completely ineffective. As a country, we must do better." Steve Valdez-Symonds, Amnesty International UK’s refugee and migrant rights director, said the figures challenged Ms Patel’s policies. He said: “It’s been chilling to see ministers coldly blaming desperate people simply for trying to reach safety. “Instead of plans to criminalise people for seeking safety, the Government should be opening up safer routes for those seeking asylum — not raising the drawbridge and driving vulnerable people further into the hands of people smugglers.” The number of people arriving via dangerous and illegal routes into the UK is expected to continue rising steeply in 2022. DON'T MISS: Channel migrant crisis: Priti Patel told 'don't slam door' on refugees [INSIGHT]UK scraps golden visas amid corruption concerns [REPORT]Ukraine immigration rules eased as families of Britons flee [LATEST]  On Saturday, February 26, four boats with 132 people on board crossed the English Channel, the Home Office said. It declined to comment on where the arrivals were taken and if they have been detained. Tom Pursglove, Conservative minister for justice and tackling illegal migration, said: "The rise in dangerous Channel crossings is unacceptable. "Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they also risk lives and impact on the UK taxpayer." Mr Pursglove said: "Through our Nationality and Borders Bill, we're cracking down on people smugglers and fixing the broken system by making it a criminal offence to knowingly arrive in the UK illegally and introducing a maximum sentence of life imprisonment for those who facilitate illegal entry into the country." The Nationality and Borders Bill — which will enter its final phase in the House of Lords this week — has been hailed by the Government as the answer to the immigration system problems. It aims to criminalise asylum seekers who arrive in the UK without a visa if they've passed through another safe country along the way, giving them only temporary status under which they have limited family reunion rights.  The bill means that, for the first time, how someone enters the UK — legally or illegally — will have an impact on how their asylum claim progresses and on their status in the UK if that claim is successful. Questions over immigration policy will come under renewed scrutiny this week, as the Government faces increasing pressure to welcome refugees fleeing the crisis in Ukraine. So far, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has promised limited options for those trying to escape the country. His plan will allow Ukrainians fully settled in Britain to bring over immediate relatives, with visa requirements cut back to just a security check. The Home Office said its priority was British nationals and their families, but it said it would work with international partners on issues including migration as the situation develops.  