Ex-Tottenham and Newcastle target Paulo Fonseca has apparently escaped Kyiv with his family after they were taken to Romania in a 15-seater minivan. Fonseca was linked with the top jobs at Spurs and Newcastle in the autumn. The Portuguese manager had been stranded in Kyiv with his Ukrainian wife Katerina Ostroushko and their three-year-old son Martin after a flight out of the country was abandoned. Several airports in Ukraine have been destroyed by missile strikes in the wake of Russia’s invasion of the country. And, according to Gazzetta dello Sport, the trio were picked-up from a hotel by a Portuguese embassy minivan and were taken to Romania via Moldova. Fonseca and his family will now recover in a hotel, before flying to Portugal at their earliest opportunity. Peace in Europe was shattered last week after Russia attacked Ukraine by land, air and sea. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  And the death toll in Ukraine is now thought to be in the hundreds, with western leaders strongly condemning the attack. After escaping the country, Fonseca’s wife took to Instagram to thank the people who had helped the family. “Our friends from all over the world,” she wrote. “You are absolutely incredible! Thank you for your great support, your prayers and help in our darkest days. “Thanks to you, my family and I are safe now. I will forever remember your kindness. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens     “Every helping hand, every word, I'm absolutely crushed. My heart is broken. So much pain and fear in two terrible days.” Fonseca had previously posted a video on Twitter while still in Ukraine and stated that “peace will prevail.” “Hello everyone, I am in Kyiv,” said the 48-year-old. “My family and I are going through a very tough time in the middle of an unacceptable war. “However, we believe peace will eventually prevail and we must remain strong. “I've received messages from many people in Portugal, Italy and all around the world.   “And I want to thank everyone for the care that you have shown my family and I at this time. Hope to see all of you soon.” Fonseca has been out of work since leaving Roma at the end of last season. The former defender, who remained in Portugal throughout the entirety of his playing career, spent three years in Ukraine as manager of Shakhtar Donetsk between 2016 and 2019. During his time in charge of the club, he won the league and cup double for three consecutive seasons, before leaving to take over at the Stadio Olimpico. He was tipped to return to the management in the Premier League. But a move to England never materialised as Tottenham appointed Antonio Conte and Newcastle opted for Eddie Howe.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here