McLaren driver Lando Norris had admitted he is 'annoyed' after finishing the first day of pre-season testing in Barcelona with the quickest lap. Norris completed the fourth-most laps as fans got a glimpse of all 10 teams' hard work during the off-season for the first time ahead of the 2022 F1 season. Norris recorded the quickest time on the track in Spain at 1m19.568s after 103 laps on the C4 compound, denying Ferrari an impressive one-two at the summit. Charles Leclerc (80 laps) and Carlos Sainz (73 laps), both on C3 tyres, charted personal best laps of 1m20.165s and 1m20.416s, respectively. Further down the grid, Mercedes also rocked the C3 compound, and George Russell (77 laps) recorded a quicker lap than seven-time world champion teammate Lewis Hamilton, who came in at 1m20.929s after 50 laps. Meanwhile, reigning champion Max Verstappen completed the most laps (147), but the Red Bull star was only ninth-quickest on the day, with 1m22.246s his best lap as one of just two drivers on C2 tyres. JUST IN: Norris addresses Hamilton and Verstappen hope after day one of testing After beating Hamilton, Verstappen and the rest of the field to leave a solid first impression, Norris took to Twitter to admit his annoyance that fans will start 'over hyping' McLaren's prospects this year. He wrote: "Productive day, but annoyed I'm P1. Now you gonna think we fast and waaaaay over hype us. Omegalul." But it certainly was a productive day for the team in orange and blue, who will hope to perform just as strongly on day two. READ MORE: Toto Wolff, Christian Horner agree on Lewis Hamilton's 'bias' comment And Norris isn't getting carried away with claims that the MCL36 can challenge Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen at the front of the grid this season. He said: "I hope so! I don't know. It's way too early to tell anything. Now we're P1, and everyone's going to think we're going to win the race, but no chance. "No, I think it feels good. I think we've made some good improvements already from the beginning of the day. "But we're only in day one of the season, and even if we're amazing now, everything could change by the time we get to the first race, and everything can change by the second." Despite his strong showing in testing, Norris also stressed there are 'many things' to improve as each team continues to develop their car into the best challenger possible. He continued: "The rate of development everyone's going to bring to the first half of the season is going to be extremely high. "I just hope it's fast. It feels good. [There are] definitely many things to work on – some things are not feeling so good. "But for a new car and something, let's say, we never drove before, with so many new things, I think it was a decent start."