Apple cider vinegar is renowned for its powerful health benefits and has become an everyday staple for many people seeking a healthier diet. While its pungent smell and sour taste is enough to put anyone off of this “miracle” liquid, there are plenty of natural flavours which can be added to improve the taste of this health-boosting shot, while making it safer to drink. Express.co.uk reveals the safest way to drink your daily dose of apple cider vinegar - and actually enjoy it. Fermented apples are the main ingredient in this acidic liquid which is packed with vitamin A, C, K, and folate. While this sour vinegar is great for the digestive system and gut health, drinking it undiluted can leave an unpleasant feeling in both your mouth and stomach. Speaking to Women's Health, Leslie Bonci, the owner of Active Eating Advice said: “Because vinegar is acidic, some people don’t tolerate it all that well. “Not everyone will experience this issue, but if you have ulcerative colitis, inflammation in your digestive tract, or are just prone to stomach aches, you'll probably want to steer clear.” In addition to an irritated stomach, a number of dieticians have warned of many other less-favourable side effects of drinking too much, or undiluted apple cider vinegar. According to Women’s Health, the main physical symptoms include: To consume ACV safely while still reaping the benefits of this fermented liquid, you should: Whatever you decide to dilute your daily dose of ACV with, you should always choose a good quality vinegar product to use within the drink. Organic, unfiltered cloudy apple cider vinegar products are best if you want to maximise the health benefits. These pulp-filled products are packed with probiotics which can be mixed with other natural ingredients for a safe yet powerful drink. Cinnamon, water, lemon juice, green tea and ginger are all great options to dilute your ACV, and this is how to use them. DON'T MISSCancer symptoms: The 'persistent' sign when waking up in the morning [INSIGHT]How often do you shower? You could be weakening your immune system [EXPLAINER]Dr Philippa shares ‘first symptom’ of prostate cancer to spot [REVEALED] If you’re looking for a simple solution to pack your daily dose of ACV into, simply dilute 15ml of the vinegar in one large glass of water and drink the liquid twice a day. It is best to take this just before you brush your teeth to minimise the erosive effect on your tooth enamel. Brew a regular cup of green tea before adding a splash of cold water to cool the liquid down. Pour in two teaspoons of apple cider vinegar and stir well. Add a dash of lemon juice or honey to taste for a sweeter drink. This is best consumed in the morning, in place of your morning coffee. For a warming evening brew, add one teaspoon of ground cinnamon to a mug of boiling water. Leave the drink to cool before adding one tablespoon of honey and two teaspoons of apple cider vinegar. Stir the drink thoroughly before drinking this health-boosting concoction. For a refreshing alternative to the cinnamon mixture, substitute ground cinnamon for a few slices of fresh ginger. Add in plenty of honey to taste and two teaspoons of ACV.