The British people are completely right to object to people coming here illegally. People fleeing persecution should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach, rather than making unnecessary and dangerous journeys to their preferred destination. The UK’s asylum system is broken, and for over two decades the public have voted time and time again for reform. That is why the Home Secretary is driving wholesale reform through our New Plan for Immigration – making the tough decisions to end the exploitation of our laws. This week, the House of Lords will again vote on the Nationality and Borders Bill – the legislative framework of the New Plan for Immigration. I urge them to back the Bill so we can deliver what the British public want – which is to fix the broken system. One area we are making changes to is deportation flights. Sunday Express readers will agree that foreign offenders who abuse our hospitality by committing crimes have no place in our society, and the process to remove foreign criminals is a vital part of our immigration system. On Tuesday, I joined one of our regular deportation flights, seeing first-hand our vital work in removing foreign criminals. The long and meticulous process began at 10pm the night before, with staff briefings and coronavirus tests. Around 1am, foreign offenders across the country were taken by coach from their removal centres to the airport. The plane took off at the crack of dawn with 21 foreign national offenders on board and they were handed over to the relevant authorities in Poland around lunchtime. They had prison sentences totalling over 93 years for some of the most heinous crimes, including murder, sexual assault, rape, threats to kill, robbery, burglary and kidnap. These people intentionally harmed their victims, causing untold misery, and it’s vital we do everything in our power to remove such appalling criminals from our country. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Indeed, tens of thousands of foreign criminals were successfully deported from the UK in the last decade. But we are continually hampered by the merry-go-round of legal challenges which stop us removing people who have no right to stay in the UK. It is absolutely unacceptable that very dangerous foreign criminals have been previously pulled off planes thanks to very late and completely meritless appeals. Our Nationality & Borders Bill will change this. We are putting victims first and fixing the broken system so that it’s easier to remove those with no right to be here. The Bill will also make it a criminal offence to knowingly arrive in the UK without permission, and introduce a maximum sentence of life behind bars for people smugglers. For the first time, the system will differentiate between those who arrive here through safe and legal routes and those who arrive here having had the opportunity to claim asylum in a safe country. And the Bill will make it easier to remove asylum seekers to have their claims processed outside the UK. There is a terrible cost for those who come via unsafe routes. The tragic fatalities that we have seen in the Channel and the Mediterranean are appalling and a reminder that we must do everything we can to prevent further loss of life. This Bill reduces the incentives for people to make these dangerous and lethal crossings – which we are determined to stop. Indeed, we have a moral imperative to make these crossings completely unviable. Ultimately, our Nationality and Borders Bill takes back control of our borders and reflects what the British people want. And I implore every member of the House of Lords to back the Bill this week, so we can make swift and meaningful progress in this challenge. 