Hair loss can be inevitable for some people, whereas for others it’s a result of sleep, diet or other factors. Whatever reason your hair might be thinning, you can try natural methods to encourage your hair to regrow stronger and thicker. Here are three of the best essential oils to treat hair loss.  Losing hair is an experience many people will have at some point in their lifetime. The medical term for hair loss is alopecia, and although it generally isn’t an indication of illness, it can be upsetting and cause people to feel insecure. Sometimes hair loss is irreversible, but there are some natural remedies to help treat hair loss by slowing it down while encouraging hair regrowth. If you’re worried a medical cause could be behind your hair loss, speak to your GP. To strengthen your hair growth, applying essential oils to your scalp could help.  READ MORE: Cancer: The tea 'linked' to a tripled risk of developing cancer Many essential oils have been used for centuries due to their healing properties. Don’t apply essential oils straight to your scalp, as they can be very strong and cause irritation to the skin on your scalp. If you add drops of oil to your shampoo, or to a carrier oil like coconut oil or olive oil, not only will your product go further but it will also save your scalp. Leave the oil solution on your scalp for a few minutes before rinsing out and conditioning your hair as usual.   The scent of lavender might make you feel relaxed, but it can actually speed up the growth of your hair. Lavender is also well known for its antibacterial properties, which can improve the health of your scalp. DON'T MISS:Apple cider vinegar drink: The safe way to drink apple cider vinegar [UPDATE]How often do you shower? You could be weakening your immune system [INSIGHT]'Key to preventing hair loss': Nutrients key to maintaining hair [TIPS]  Peppermint gives you a minty fresh tingling feeling, but did you ever wonder why that is?  The reason mint makes your skin or tongue tingle is because it encourages blood circulation to the area it's applied to. If you improve circulation to the scalp, hair follicles have a healthier blood supply, which could help stimulate hair growth.  Essential cedarwood oil has been credited with balancing the natural oils your scalp produces. Cedarwood also has antifungal properties which could make it an effective treatment for dandruff, which in turn can cause hair loss. Studies found cedarwood extract to be particularly effective at preventing hair loss when mixed with rosemary and lavender oils. 