The Moon spends most of the day in responsible Capricorn and shifts into humanitarian Aquarius this evening. The Moon rules our emotions, needs and what we feel drawn to, so you’ll feel this move internally. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology, and zodiac forecast for February 27. The Moon spends most of the day continuing its transit of stable Capricorn. With the Moon in this sign, our inclination is to focus and prioritise. Cafe Astrology said: “Bringing more punch, ambition, dynamism, or creativity to our pursuits can be a strong theme.” After all, Capricorn is symbolised by the determined, slow and steady mountain goat. READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Scorpio warned of ‘surprising’ change When the Moon is in Capricorn (which it has been for a couple of days), we become aware of the need for structure and planning ahead. Cafe astrology explains: “We also instinctively are aware of the limitations of time. We are motivated by a desire for success. “Achievement and manifestation are most important to us now. “We are resourceful and don’t want to waste time, energy, or resources. “This can be a very sober influence–even a depressing one. However, it can also be a productive time when we look reality in the eye.” The Moon in Capricorn generally favours the following activities: DON'T MISS...Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INFORMER]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Sagittarius 2022 yearly horoscope: What the sign can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] The Moon is in Aquarius from 6.36pm this evening, stimulating our progressive, inventive, and innovative side.Attraction to all that is new and unusual, and an instinctive need for improvement, characterises the Moon in Aquarius, the mystics at Cafe Astrology said. The site adds: “Reactions are more intellectual than emotional, and interactions are more impersonal than personal, under this influence. “This is a time that promotes social gatherings, dealing with group ideals and goals for the future, brainstorming, new ideas, and progressive changes. “We are open to new methods of doing things and we have our eye on the future. It can be hard to stick to schedules now, as personal freedom is most important to us.” The Moon in Aquarius may inspire you to get started with the following activities: With Chiron and Juno heading into a sextile aspect, we take relationship challenges in stride today. The Cafe Astrology horoscope says: “Today, we naturally recognise that to get along, we need to make an effort. “We’re open to trusting and giving others some room to grow. “Our relationships can be therapeutic, and mentoring or healing together are themes. "We fight for the underdog, we’re idealistic, and we have a strong sense of the future.”