Roses come in many shapes and sizes, all beautiful. Lizzie Fox, founder and owner of The Rose Press Garden, discussed caring for your roses with Express.co.uk. With her seed and bulb subscription business, she aims to make gardening modern, fun, and easy. Lizzie shares how-to videos, tips, and garden inspiration on her Instagram @therosepressgarden. The gardening guru said: "Roses are hungry plants - feed them with slow-release fertiliser and ensure you give them plenty of water throughout the hot months. Slow-resease fertisiler supplies a steady supply of essential nutrients to the plant. READ MORE: How to grow dahlias: Beautiful 'must-have' flowers are 'extremely sensitive' Some can provide a continuous supply of nutrients for up to four months. This means less work for gardeners and peace of mind as your plants happily grow. Slow-release fertiliser can be more expensive, however, the need to use it is less, and therefore that higher cost is negated. Lizzie also suggested deadheading roses to boost their growth. She said: "Deadheading roses makes a huge difference to the number of flowers, but leaving them to turn to hips can be great for wildlife too!" DON'T MISS'Don’t sow whole packet': Grow perfect plants from seed [HOW TO] 'Free plants': How to grow geraniums from cuttings [EXPERT] Gardener's top flower seeds to 'direct sow' [GARDENING] Deadheading roses means cutting or otherwise removing roses that are ging brown or dying. Cut off the flower just at the base of the flower. Make sure to leave behind any healthy-looking buds or eyes, which more flowers may grow from. Roses should be deadheaded throughout the flowering season anytime a flower is finished. This will make way for, and encourage, more blooms. When to prune plants can be confusing, by Gardeners' World presenter Mark Lane told Express.co.uk when to prune roses and other plants. He tackled how and when to prune trees, roses, clematis, hydrangeas, and wisteria, among others. Mark said: "There’s an old gardening saying, ‘if it flowers before June, then prune' immediately after flowering in the spring. "Winter pruning, however, is essential for removing deadwood, and as many plants, predominantly deciduous, are bare, you can easily see the shape of the shrub or tree, so re-shaping it is easier. "Pruning in winter will also keep your plants healthy for the year ahead."