One can only hope that Virginia can now put the past behind her and get on with her life (although a tell-all book is said to be on the cards), but Prince Andrew? What sort of life can he lead now? It is an absolute mystery how the Queen, a woman of impeccable moral standing, integrity and possibly one of our greatest ever monarchs produced a son like that. Arrogant, boorish and entitled: whatever faults his siblings possess, they are not like Andrew. Apart from his service in the Falklands, what use has Andrew ever been to this country? His role as “trade ambassador” seemed to involve visiting an awful lot of golf courses and making some very dodgy friends; and the sale of his former home Sunninghill Park (for £3 million more than the asking price) allegedly benefited a foreign money laundering operation, it was recently claimed in a lawsuit. This, it hardly bears repeating, is the son of the Queen. And now he’s been forced into a multi-million pound pay-out in a case involving sex trafficking. If your ordinary Joe on the street had been caught up in that, he would be a pariah. And yet Andrew actually seems to think he could make a return to public life. Just how delusional do you have to be to get caught up with a monster like Epstein and still think that makes you fit to represent your country? If Andrew has any sense, which he clearly doesn’t, he will keep his head down for the rest of his life. I am a monarchist: the Royal Family has been a source of stability in this country, there is no real appetite for an elected head of state, they bring in millions from tourism and if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. But Prince Andrew should never be allowed anywhere near the institution he has done so much to drag down. You would have thought a combination of respect for the system he was born into combined with reverence for his mother would have at least pinged somewhere that decent behaviour was expected of him. Instead, he plunges his bereaved, widowed mother into a scandal, in her platinum jubilee year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It IS SAID that Prince Charles had a big role in realising his brother had to sort this out: good. I hope so. It can’t have been easy for him, either: whatever sibling rivalry might exist between them, Andrew is still his brother and blood remains thicker than water and all that. But Andrew has crossed a line in his behaviour and the heir to the throne clearly recognises this, as does Prince William. Despite all the current lurid headlines, Andrew is fast on his way to becoming an irrelevance. It can’t come soon enough. --------- Kim Kardashian has texted her ex Kanye West with the angry message, “Why can’t you keep any of our conversations private?” Private? Are you having a larf? This is the woman who launched herself on an unsuspecting world with a sex tape and has since then lived out her every single second on reality television and social media. Private?? Bit late to ask for that now. --------- Life really is not fair. Not only are good-looking people more likely to be rich and successful than the rest of us but now it turns out they have better immune systems than everyone else as well. Cindy Crawford must be laughing. According to a new report, this apparently is because good looks are also a sign of good health. Great. --------- The Educate and Celebrate charity (nope, me neither) has said pupils should stop referring to Mr and Mrs and instead just say “teacher”. Gender-neutral, innit. And boys, girls, son and mother should from now on be pupils, student, children and parent. Future generations are going to think we went insane. Please, sir, can we stop this nonsense now? --------- Usually I manage to get to the radio in time to turn it off before The Archers begins but recently had to endure a whole 15 minutes of one of its witless episodes. And so I was stunned to hear reference at the end to the “agricultural story editor”. Eh? The Archers last had an agricultural story when John Major was in power, or so it seems. These days it’s all alcoholism and misery. EastEnders, in fact, but with a few more cows. --------- The RAF officer who is in deep water after scampering about naked in his garden and upsetting the neighbours, Air Marshall Andrew Turner, has told the police, “I was only looking for my dog’s ball.” There’s an obvious joke to be made here, but I’m not sure it’s fit for a family newspaper. Oh please yourselves… --------- In the wake of the announcement that Camilla will be crowned, there’s been a lot of ill-informed comment to the effect that if Prince Philip wasn’t king, why should she be queen? Simples, actually. Even in these meritocratic times, a king always outranks a queen, and so Philip would have been senior to his wife. And so he had to remain a prince. Any more constitutional monarchical questions to be cleared up? --------- Mark Zuckerberg has told Meta (Facebook’s parent company) staff that they will be called Metamates. Given how many people are now becoming addicted to social media at the expense of real life relationships, why not Bettamates? Or even Getamates?