The Doctor Strange 2 trailer that dropped during the Super Bowl is packed with Easter eggs for fans to explore over the new few weeks. The film will premiere in just under three months on May 6, and Marvel has shared some serious revelations in the new teaser. The Marvel Cinematic Universe’s (MCU) main sorcerer is seen going into an animated dimension at one point, meeting an evil version of himself and being confronted by Professor X’s Illuminati. The last part has been linked to a fan theory, with Iron Man being a prominent member of the shadowy group in the comics. Robert Downey Jr’s Iron Man died during the events of Avengers: Endgame leaving the possibility of a new character to don his armour. Now that the multiverse opened during the events of Spider-Man: No Way Home, it opens the door for a new Tony Stark to take over. Way back in 2008, when the original Iron Man debuted and kicked off this whole universe, one of the actors that almost got the part was Tom Cruise. Now, he could be taking on the role he missed out on all those years ago. After the new trailer, fans are convinced it’s happening and Cruise will be playing Superior Iron Man, a version of the character from the comics. READ MORE: Fort Apache: Generous John Wayne helped John Agar after John Ford feud The first piece of evidence comes in the form of Iron Man robots taking Strange into a room. They are chrome-clad versions of the droids Stark used in Avengers: Age of Ultron. This alone all but confirmed his presence in the film, though the plot thickens later in the trailer. At the 1:35 minute mark, a super-being is seen blasting through a wall and attacking America Chavez, a new character with dimension travelling powers. There has been some debate over who this is, with first glances indicating it could be Captain Marvel or WandaVision’s Monica Rambeau. However, the colour and powers look remarkably similar to the Superior Iron Man from the comic books. Fans have spiralled into a frenzy online by these brief shots, with MMilamb3r writing on Twitter: “Hear me out, Illuminati confirmed, six chairs: - Professor X (in the trailer, X-Men finally) - Alt Iron Man (bots in trailer, Tom Cruise) - New/alt Black Panther (for movie 2 maybe) - Mister Fantastic (F4 finally) - Namor (Gargantos in trailers) - Doctor Strange.” (sic) @chthomic_being added: “IS THIS TOM CRUISE AS IRON MAN USING INFINITY STONES IN THE NEW DOCTOR STRANGE 2 TRAILER!!!???” It comes after an image was posted online of a potential set photo. Shared by @comicnerd009 on Twitter, the theorist wrote: “Possible leak of #TomCruise as #IronMan”. DON'T MISS...Doctor Strange 2: Deadpool creator all but confirms massive fan theory [INSIGHT]Doctor Strange 2 theory: X-Men crossover leads into Logan [EXPLAINER]Steve McQueen voracious sexual appetite saved him from murder [INSIGHT] The image shows a man in a motion capture suit, sporting Stark’s signature goatee and what appears to be a very Cruise-ian grin. In 2018, Cruise addressed the reports that he was almost cast as Iron Man. Despite being in the running for the part, he dismissed the claim that he was in the top contenders for the role. Speaking to Comicbook.com, he said: "Not close. Not close and I love Robert Downey Jr. I can't imagine anyone else in that role and I think it's perfect for him." Cruise is busy filming the Mission: Impossible sequels (seven and eight), right now. So audiences should take these leaks with a grain of salt. Yet, anything is possible in this sequel as Marvel’s boss has already teased some major cameos. Speaking at the New York Film Academy, Marvel boss Kevin Feige assured audiences that they “won’t guess” who will be popping up throughout the film. He explained: “The next Doctor Strange film, for instance, features some new MCU characters which will be making their debut in that movie. You won’t expect or won’t guess who it is, but we found a cool way to make it work because we want to make a particular type of movie there. And there was a character who we always wanted to do something with who will fit really well there.”