A professional rat-catcher has warned of an increasing presence of big "monster rodents" that he links to fortnightly bin collections and pandemic house extensions. After catching several animals of record-breaking sizes, he has warned authorities more regular services are needed. Councils avoid collecting domestic waste every week to reduce costs and meet government recycling quotas. As a result, not only the number of rats — there are thought to be around 150 million — is staggering but also their average size. Terry Walker, who caught what is still believed to be the biggest rat in the country in November 2018, thinks he may soon find even larger ones. READ MORE: Huge £40million palace in Sussex left 'abandoned' What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He said: "Bins used to be collected every week – now it's once a fortnight. When it comes to them being collected, the rats have already had their fill. "Years ago, I would have been excited to catch a 19-inch rat but now I catch them regularly. "I'm sure my record is going to be broken soon – I'm seeing some huge rats. It's only a matter of time." The 56-year-old pest professional, who runs TP Pest Control Services, added: "Nearly all of my work comprises of rats and that is growing year on year. We do a lot in Bournemouth, often in back alleys, bin areas and takeaway premises which can be extremely busy." Mr Walker argued the issue comes down to public behaviour, saying: "It's about the type of waste and how long it's left before being collected." If rats "have easy access to high-calorie food", they inevitably grow, he explained. Bobbie Dove, portfolio holder for regulatory services at BCP Council in Bournemouth, Dorset, said it is "extremely important" that households and businesses "manage their waste properly", stressing pests often "feed or bed down in leftover material". Claiming the council counts with "adequate" provisions for dealing with rats, he added: "We employ the latest techniques and have experienced no reduction in their effectiveness." Some Britons are issuing reports of rats sneaking out of their toilets. DON'T MISSArmed police scrambled to 'very serious machete attack' [BREAKING]Cancer survivor on sick leave sacked [INSIGHT]Landlord of popular football pub 'forced out' after 30 years [REPORT] Pest control expert Ian Helands told The Daily Star: "I have had more call-outs than ever from homeowners who have heard a noise, looked down into their toilet only to find a giant rat. "No one is safe. Rats are excellent swimmers with bendy bones and can squeeze into the smallest of spaces. "They can hold their breath for three minutes and tread water for three days, and they are coming up waste pipes." Mr Helands, who runs Sussex pest control business Pests Be Gone, cautioned: "They’re cunning and getting bolder and bolder. Basically, if they want to get into your home, they will." Both Mr Walker and Mr Helands associated the problem with the coronavirus pandemic. While Mr Walker spoke of "people modifying their homes" leading to the animals making their way in through "old redundant pipes", Mr Helands explained "the increase in numbers of people working from home means rats don't have as much food to eat in city centres", meaning they are going elsewhere to satisfy their hunger. Since Covid began, the Pests Be Gone boss claimed, there has been a 25 percent increase in rat reports. Some of the rodents he has seen, he recalled, were "the size of cats".