Interior designer and former professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology, Garry Cohn, has shared his advice with homeowners looking to transform their bedrooms into a hotel-style suite. Garry has over 30 years in the interior design industry where he has worked on hotel projects. Originally from New York, Garry now resides in Dublin, Ireland and was a presenter on the hit TV series, Design Doctors. Garry has shared a handy curtain “trick” used in hotels to give the illusion of bigger windows and outdoor space. He explained exclusively to Express.co.uk: “To give the illusion that the wall is a window and to feel as though it’s bigger than it is, wherever you put a curtain up, put the curtain across the whole wall. “You only have to open the curtains where the window is, you don’t have to open them all the way, but it gives the illusion that behind the curtain there is a balcony with a terrace. “It’s an illusion. It’s a trick they use in hotels. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on moul “Hotel windows are sometimes odd shapes. They’re often not the beautiful ones you see in magazines. “To make it look like a beautiful wall of windows, you put the curtains all the way to the end [of the wall], even though there is no window there.” Garry also shared some tips for homeowners looking to make their bedrooms feel like a hotel room: The interior designer said the bed sheets and linen should be white and soft. DON'T MISSShower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [INSIGHT]When to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [UPDATE]Bicarbonate of soda and lemon hack to remove limescale from taps  [ANALYSIS]  “Just by making the bedding all white, you’re already getting that hotel feeling,” he added. To add a pop of colour, he suggested adding a throw to the bottom of the bed. Rather than just having a bed and wardrobe, Garry said it’s also important to have a chair in the room. He explained: “You want a side chair in the room. That is where you’re going to sit or lounge. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Often when you go to your bedroom, you don’t just want to sit on your bed all the time, it’s not comfortable. “Sometimes you want to sit down and read a book or something.” Garry suggested adding a lamp behind the chair for reading. To create a more cosy room, the interior designer said homeowners should think about texture, including on the floor. He said: “Think about the textures. If I want to get out of bed, I want to feel something soft at my feet. “If you have a hard floor like laminate, wood or tiles, put either a rug underneath the bed that sticks out enough or put small rugs where your feet land.” Garry said having the softness under foot as you wake up will feel comforting. The interior designer said homeowners need to make sure the lighting is not too bright in a bedroom. “You want to have mood lighting,” he said. “Your bedroom is not meant to be a disco. “You can have a night light by your bed for reading but the general set up of lighting is that it should be soft.”