The study, polling 2,000 adults aged 25-60 on the hunt for a new home, revealed 12 percent are keeping an eye out for properties with untraditional, renovated space in the home – such as stables, churches or even windmills. And concealed rooms or built-in herb gardens are also on the checklist for one in ten. A further 17 percent want an office in their garden, while more than one in ten are looking for homes with a basement. The research, commissioned by internet provider TalkTalk, also revealed the reasons why people are in search of something more unique, with 58 percent wanting their living space to express their personal style. While nearly two-fifths want their property to stand out from others. It also emerged more than a third (37 percent) prefer quirkier dwellings, with 29 percent claiming to already live in a home they would describe as “unusual”. Consumer champion and interior design presenter, Anna Richardson, who has partnered with TalkTalk, said: “When it comes to interior design, I’ve always loved the extraordinary – it’s the bold, unconventional and unique features that make a home individual to me. “While the aesthetic is important, I’m often using multiple devices while my home flexes between being a workspace, hangout for friends and family, and a cosy den to catch up on my favourite shows.” In a video, Anna Richardson tours two of the quirkiest properties in the UK: The Cube and The Chapel. She profiles the quirky features in each location as well as exploring the rise in non-traditional features and unusual layouts, while sharing her top tips for revamping conventional spaces. The study also found the pandemic has changed what 20 percent of those surveyed are looking for in a new property. But 65 percent still look for a dwelling with more space, and nearly two-fifths scout out homes that are close to where they work. A further 45 percent said a fast, reliable internet connection in the local area is essential when looking for a new abode. And although homes with unusual setups are attractive to prospective buyers, they can also bring challenges – as nearly a fifth are concerned about Wi-Fi connectivity in a home with a quirky layout. Jonathan Kini, managing director of TalkTalk Consumer and Direct Business, said: “Many of us are looking to extend our home or make use of more unconventional living spaces. “Our Total Home Wi-Fi packages are turbocharging Britain’s Wi-Fi.” QUIRKY FEATURES HOMEBUYERS ARE LOOKING FOR IN A PROPERTY: ANNA RICHARDSON'S TIPS FOR MAKING USE OF QUIRKY SPACES IN YOUR HOME: