Arsenal hosts Wolves in a 6th vs 7th Premier League clash, on Thursday night. Both teams are still aiming for highly-contested Champions League place for next season, and the remaining top-four place is definitely up for grabs. Arsenal go into the tie in very good form, losing just one of their last 10 league matches at home against Wolves. Bruno Lage's side beat the Gunners at the Emirates last season, however, and they haven't won back-to-back away games at Arsenal for more than 40 years. Mikel Arteta's side have lost just one game in their previous eight Premier League matches, keeping five clean sheets during that run. But Wolves are also in decent form, and have quietly been going about their business, rising up the table. READ MORE: Emile Smith Rowe absence explained as Arsenal star left out vs Wolves  Wolves have won four of their last five league matches, and leapfrogged Tottenham to seventh place during the last Gameweek. They're now just six points behind fourth-placed Manchester United, with two games in hand. Arsenal, meanwhile, remain two points ahead of Wolves, despite playing one game less. A win for either side tonight would be a huge boost in their ambitions to reach next season's Champions League. DON'T MISS Arsenal and Liverpool plan 2023 transfer tussle with offers on table [LATEST]Arsenal v Wolves live stream: How to watch Premier League FREE online [EXPLAINER]Gilberto Silva tweets Arsenal star as he makes next captain wish clear [ANALYSIS] The Premier League will be exclusively broadcast live in the UK by Amazon Prime Video. It therefore won't be available to watch on TV, unless your smart TV has the Amazon Prime Video app. Otherwise, you can live stream the match online, or by using your mobile or tablet. Simply download the Amazon Prime Video app, and sign-in to your Amazon account to follow the action live. The match is set to kick off at 7.45pm, UK time. Arsenal have recalled Gabriel Martinelli to the starting line-up for the tie against Wolves. He was previously suspended after being sent off against Wolves in the reverse fixture, two weeks ago. Emile Smith-Rowe misses out through illness, while Hwang Hee-chan is recalled for Wolves. Arsenal XI: Ramsdale; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Xhaka, Partey; Saka, Ødegaard, Martinelli; Lacazette Wolves XI: Sa; Kilman, Coady, Saïss; Semedo; Neves, Moutinho, Ait-Nouri; Podence, Jimenez, Hwang Meanwhile, Arteta has praised Wolves boss Lage for an impressive first season in Premier League football. "He's done a really good job," Arteta said of Lage. "I think he's set different standards at that club and the work that he's done is phenomenal in every sense. "I think he's established the club in the Premier League on a different level and Bruno has come here with his own ideas and put the team again on another level and the way they are competing and playing is remarkable. "The recruitment policy and the players they’ve brought in with the qualities, the characters and the specificity to play the way they play [are key]."