Type 2 diabetes often runs in the family, but the most important risk factors are storing abdominal fat, diet and weight. That means what you eat can directly impact whether or not you’ll develop type 2 diabetes and how you manage the condition if you already have it. Express.co.uk chatted to Dr Alona Pulde from nutrition app Lifesum to find out the five foods you should avoid to prevent and treat type 2 diabetes. Dietary habits and body weight play undisputed roles in type 2 diabetes, according to Lifesum’s Dr Pulde. She said: “Improving your nutrition is the most important thing you can do to maintain a healthy weight and prevent and reverse the condition. “Type 2 diabetes impairs the regulation of glucose and results, almost entirely, from nutrition and lifestyle. “Resistance to insulin prevents it from delivering glucose into the body’s cells, leading to raised blood sugar levels and, eventually, diabetes.” READ MORE- Cancer: The vitamin associated with a 63% higher risk Diabetes doesn’t just cause annoying symptoms, such as tiredness and using the loo more often. It can increase your risk of heart disease and poor circulation. Dr Pulde added: “This can result in amputation of limbs, impaired kidneys that ultimately require dialysis, deteriorating vision and even blindness.” In order to ward off diabetes or manage it if you already have it, you’ll have to change your diet. The doctor said: “Studies show that those at risk of type 2 diabetes should eat the following foods in moderation.” Saturated fat in dairy products, like butter, is no good for you. These products prevent insulin from delivering glucose into the cells, leading to high blood sugar and eventually diabetes. The doctor said: “Healthier alternatives include avocado, sweet potato and mashed bananas.” Oils high in saturated fat such as palm oil and coconut oil are a nightmare for diabetes. High-fat processed food are primary contributors to insulin resistance, leading to elevated blood sugars and ultimately diabetes. Try cooking with low-sodium broths and sauces instead. DON'T MISS...Cancer warning: The drink that could cause seven cancer types [INFORMER]Diabetes: The food that could lower blood sugar levels [INSIGHT]Dementia: New study explores the impact pet ownership has on the brain [EXPLAINER] Fast foods are often loaded with fat, sugar and salt, which increase the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol, high blood pressure and diabetes. “Lifesum features tons of healthy alternatives to fast foods. For example, plant-based burgers, that can decrease your risk of diabetes," Dr Pulde said. Studies strongly support the finding that increased animal food consumption, and particularly processed meats, increases the risk of diabetes. Dr Pulde said: “High-fat content and certain preservatives can interfere with insulin’s normal functioning. “This can raise the level of blood sugar and, ultimately, lead to diabetes.” Crisps, crackers, biscuits and other processed snacks and baked goods are generally high in fat, sugar and salt - and low in vitamins, minerals and fibre. As a result, they contribute to spikes in blood sugar along with insulin resistance Dr Pulde added: “In addition, processing foods increase their caloric density by removing water and fibre. They pack in a lot of calories in a little bit of food. “Eating these foods regularly confuses our hunger signals and they lose the ability to appropriately shut off. “Over time this leads to weight gain, a known risk factor for diabetes. “To prevent and improve diabetes, replace these foods with low-fat, healthy versions of your favourite snacks.”