Defiant Ukrainians have been praised for derailing Vladimir Putin's invasion plans and pushing Russian armed forces into a retreat. In a video that quickly went viral online, young Ukrainian men can be seen tearing down a Russian flag erected in the town of Chaplynka. Two Ukrainian men were filmed climbing up a metal structure and throwing the Russian flag to the ground after the Russian forces invaded their town. The clip emerged amid reports of ongoing street fights in the south-eastern town and a fierce Ukrainian resistance. The video is yet another sign of fearless ordinary Ukrainians taking on the invading Russian forces. Russia has so far struggled to seize control of any major population centres as its forces launch missile strikes against Kyiv, Kharkiv and other Ukrainian cities. Earlier today, soldiers in Kharkiv repelled another Russian attack and remain in charge of Ukraine's second city. JUST IN: Russian nuclear deterrence on 'high alert' as Putin blasts NATO Regional governor Oleh Synehubov said the city was now rid of Russian troops after intense street-to-street fighting overnight. Kharkiv regional governor Oleh Synyehubov said: "The control over Kharkiv is completely in our hands! "Armed forces of Ukraine, the national police, the territorial defence forces are working: they are clearing the city of the enemy." Kyiv’s mayor Vitali Klitschko has warned that the Ukraine capital has been “encircled” by Russian forces. He claimed a civilian evacuation was no longer possible “because all ways are blocked”. The former boxer said: “We are at the border of a humanitarian catastrophe. "Right now, we have electricity, right now we have water and heating in our houses. But the infrastructure is destroyed to deliver the food and medication.” DON'T MISS: Anti-Putin protests continue as violent clashes erupt across Russia [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead [LIVE BLOG]Russians have lost their belief in Putin, says WILL Stewart [COMMENT] Mr Klitschko continued: "That’s why the message for everyone is: Support Ukraine together. We are strong. “Every Ukrainian is proud to be independent, proud to be Ukrainian, and we are proud to have our own country.” Ukraine's foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba boasted today that Russia has suffered humiliating losses at the hands of Ukraine's armed forces. It comes as day four of the invasion of Ukraine has seen a reported 4,300 Russians and 210 Ukrainian civilians dead. Mr Kuleba said that Ukraine's "ability to resist" was taken President Putin by surprise as Russia suffers "one defeat after another".