Loose Women panel member Jane Moore has opened up about Brenda Edwards' heartbreaking loss as she remembered Jamal Edwards who sadly died at the age of 31. The inspirational entrepreneur is the creator of YouTube channel SBTV and his innovative platform helped to launch the music careers of Ed Sheeran, Stormzy and Jessie J, just to name a few. Jane, 59, has paid tribute to Jamal as she honoured her colleague and pal's son in her latest column. The broadcaster addressed the young entrepreneur's cause of death after the tragic news was announced on Sunday. The Loose Women star shared that Jamal is best remembered for his "smile" in the emotional tribute. Writing in The Sun, she began: "The first thing I remember about Jamal Edwards is his smile. It lit up the room. READ MORE: Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles "The second thing I remember is his humility. He was tall and of solid build but he could blend into the background with ease, always standing back in the promotion of others." She continued: "On Sunday, Jamal, who was 31, died of a heart attack and leaves behind his grieving mother Brenda – my fellow Loose Women panellist – and younger sister Tanisha. "Their pain is unconscionable and there are no words I can write to change that." The Loose Women panellist went on to address how Jamal has supported and contributed to the "wider community" in his hometown of West London.  Jamal was awarded an MBE in 2014 for his work mentoring young people as Jane praised him for leading a "selfless life". She penned: "He earned success, kept the door open and helped so many others to walk through it. "In 2012, he wrote: 'We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.'" "A fitting epitaph for a gentle giant among men who created, and gave, so much," Jane concluded. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield gushes over anniversary gift from estranged wife[LATEST]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storms[WEATHER]Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy'[STRICTLY] Meanwhile, Jamal's grieving mum Brenda sang a heartbreaking rendition of Whitney Houston's song The Greatest Love of All at a vigil held for her son on Monday night. Crowds gathered in Acton to remember his life and many achievements. His devastated mother sang a beautiful rendition of Whitney’s famous song, which includes the lyrics: “I believe the children are the future. “Learning to love yourself, it is the greatest love of all.” After finishing her song, Brenda addressed the mourners and spoke of her wish that her son’s death might unite the community. “If we can do anything in 2022, can we please bring the community together,” the 52-year-old said, according to the Daily Mail. “Stop the fighting. Stop the killing. And build up our community. “We are not supposed to be losing our young people. If you see something happening. Try to stop it please.” In a statement released on Monday, Brenda confirmed the news of her son's death after a sudden illness.