General Adrian Bradshaw spoke to Good Morning Britain presenters Adil Ray and Susanna Reid on Monday and issued a warning over the handling of the Russia and Ukraine conflict. The former commander warned military intervention by NATO could have serious consequences and explained they must seek other ways to stop Vladimir Putin.   Reid questioned: “Is there a point, Sir Adrian, that we do have to officially militarily intervene, particularly in the wake of Putin’s command to his generals to put nuclear weapons on high alert?” Bradshaw replied: “I think we need to be very, very clear about this. “Direct military intervention into Ukraine by forces from NATO countries would be the quickest way to precipitate effectively a conflict between Russia and NATO. "That means the third World War. We do not want to start that off. We’ve got to be very clear about this. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell?   “So, we will provide maximum support to Ukraine in all other ways, economically, politically, diplomatically. “In the meantime we need to prepare NATO for what comes next. “If Putin is successful in Ukraine, and that’s a big ‘if’ because he’s made a serious miscalculation I would assess, but if he is successful he has made it very clear that he expects the lines to be drawn according to the old Yalta Agreement and those nations which are now part of NATO to be reintegrated into the Russian sphere of influence. “That is clearly completely unacceptable and NATO must prepare now to get conventional deterrents in place to make sure that Putin understands that he cannot take a step into NATO territory without being at war with all of us,” he explained.    “Our deterrents need to be convincing,” Bradshaw insisted. However, while discussing how some have suggested putting a no fly zone in place over Ukraine, the former NATO commander warned against it. Bradshaw suggested taking action against Russian aircraft could spark another world war. He said: “The practicalities of establishing a no fly zone over Ukraine to prevent Russian aircraft operating in the skies above Ukraine effectively brings us into direct conflict with Russian forces. DON'T MISS...EastEnders reunion as Mitch Baker rekindles romance with former flame? [SPOILERS]Coronation Street arrest as Adam Barlow hospitalises Lydia? [THEORY]Princess Olga on past possible romance with Prince Charles [MUST SEE]  “This again would precipitate a war between NATO and Russia. So, desirable it might be, it is not practical. “The assistance that NATO nations and the rest of the free world are providing to Ukraine is in the form of very serious economic sanctions which have really come together recently,” Bradshaw revealed. “It’s clear that Putin is feeling the squeeze,” the former NATO commander added. After hearing Bradshaw’s comments on Good Morning Britain, many ITV viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts.  Some viewers agreed with the general NATO need to be cautious as @Jickymonsoon wrote: "Need to keep NATO troops away from Ukraine… sadly. Otherwise WW3 is coming." However, others disagreed and suggested NATO needed to take more action against Russia. "AND??? Do we just sit back and watch all this s**t unfold? Stop being spineless. NATO was formed to defend us let’s see it!! We can’t just let Putin continue on! He’s a bully a psychopath needs taking down,” @gary12427605 said. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 