Pisces is the 12th sign of the zodiac and is represented by the fish. According to astrology, a relationship with Pisces is nothing short of “a rollercoaster ride”. Pisces is “passionate and intense”, so a relationship with them will be far from fickle and surface level. “A relationship with a Pisces is a rollercoaster ride that will make you feel your feelings - even the bad ones - and help you emerge as a better, more honest person. “Even if a relationship with a Pisces doesn't last, the lessons you learn from a Pisces partner will.” Pisces “will go all-in when it comes to romance”, and some may perceive them as being “clingy”. READ MORE: Princess Anne gives 'backhanded compliments' unlike 'delightful' Diana However, this is not the case, and while Pisces is extremely emotionally available by nature, they can also be “incredibly independent” when in a relationship, according to horoscope.com. Pisces’ partners never have to worry about their loved one being selfish or disregarding their needs, as this sign “constantly views the world as if from a split-screen: the world through their eyes, and the world through their partner's eyes”. They always see their partner’s perspective as equal to their own. But because this sign gives a lot in love, they have no problem asking for a lot from a romantic partner.  “Pisces demands full presence in a relationship, and is especially hurt by any sort of deception. “A Pisces demands full honesty and gives the same in return." In a similar vein, “Pisces wants their partner to grow, and demands that their partner brings their very best self to the relationship”. Never content with second best or the people around them settling for silver, Pisces will encourage their partner to apply for promotions, hit the gym or take up a new skill – “even if it means spending time apart”. For those who don’t enjoy tough love, this trait may push them away, but Pisces only wants the very best from the person they love. Horoscope.com stated: “For Pisces, the physical, spiritual, and intellectual are deeply intertwined, and in relationships, physicality is an important manifestation of love.” Pisces is “ruled by their emotions”, so may not always be in the mood for a spontaneous date or adventure. Partners of Pisces beware: “A bad mood can often equal a bad date.” So when Pisces is keen for a date night, take them somewhere they can get to know the real you better, as they love to ask questions, getting to know “your likes, quirks and tastes”. Whether it’s a restaurant that serves your favourite ice cream, or the park you used to visit during your childhood, this will give Pisces a chance to play “anthropologist”. Pisces should look for romantic partners in the form of Virgo, Scorpio or a fellow Pisces. “Grounding” Virgo stops Pisces from “getting too mired in their emotions”, while “Scorpio brings heat and passion to Pisces watery depths”. As for Pisces: “Who better to understand a fish than a fellow fish?”