Jeremy Clarkson, 61, admitted he still hasn't got round to dealing with the repercussions of the 2021 London flash floods, after his west London block was "deluged". After discussing the on-going cladding issues on some of the capital's high-rise flats, he went on to highlight this big issue; a conversation perhaps triggered by the severe weather that recently hit the UK this past week. On 12 July 2021, nearly 76mm of rain fell in 90 minutes in parts of London, which resulted in flash floods. Jeremy was among those affected by the water devastation, writing for The Sunday Times: "Like many others in west London our block was deluged with a Noah-sized tidal wave that swept into the groundfloor flats and the lift shaft, putting it out of action for weeks. "And now the insurance companies are saying that even though we pay them £80,000 a year, we are not covered for flood damage anymore. "I haven't worked out quite what to do about this yet. But I will. "And it's likely to involve something I saw in the torture museum in Carcassonne recently." READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation He added: "I'm not quite sure how it works or where all the straps go, but it'd be fun to sit an insurance man on it and find out." Jeremy ended his column with a plea to readers, penning: "I urge you to email my idea to Michael Gove." Gove is Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, and The Grand Tour presenter was adamant he knew how to fix the cladding problem on some of the high-rises. "I have a flat at the top of a 16.8 metre block in London, which in 2010 was redeveloped and made to look more attractive with cladding," he explained, adding that this specific type of cladding is "perfectly safe", a claim confirmed by experts. "There is a dry riser that enables the fire brigade's hoses to reach every floor simultaneously and a lift that can still be used even if the rest of the building is an inferno," he detailed. "Frankly, I stand more chance of burning to death while scuba diving." But Jeremy noted that because of the Grenfell Tower tragedy, cladding has become "a dirty word" and the insurance premium has now leapt from £6,000 a year to a staggering £80,000. "Immediately, all the residents formed a Zoom action committee and we all agreed to approach every insurance broker and insurance company we could think of. But they all did the same thing" he recalled. "They sucked air through their teeth like car mechanics who've been asked for a quote and said, 'Sorry, Guv. You've had it.'" So the residents are stuck - or as Jeremy branded it: "There's a technical term for what we are. And it's 'f****d.'" DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] "[Taking off the cladding] would cost £400,000 and there's no financial help available from the government or the developers, because everyone agrees the cladding we have isn't dangerous," he explained. "In fact we'd have to take it off and then replace it with exactly the same stuff. This means we are completely stuck. "We can't afford to leave the cladding in place and we can't afford to remove it. "And we can't sell our properties, partly because mortgage companies won't touch clad blocks with a bargepole, but mostly because no one in their right mind would buy a flat that cost so much to insure." But he revealed his way of a solution, and encouraged fans to send it on to Gove himself. "Because the insurance companies are refusing to budge, the government should start a state-run alternative for the thousands of people who are in the same boat as me. "Of course Gove might respond that the risk is too great even to consider such a thing, but hang on. What risk? Have you ever met a poor insurance man? "Besides, if he says the risk is too great then what he's saying is that the cladding is not safe. Fine. Then the government should pay to remove it. If he refuses to pay, then he's saying the cladding is safe. "So therefore there's no risk in setting up an insurance scheme." He grinned: "Clever, eh?"