Leeds reportedly face an unusual problem if they want to sack Marcelo Bielsa following another big defeat. Bielsa’s side were beaten 4-0 by Tottenham on Saturday in yet another huge loss for the Argentine and his players.  Leeds were defeated 6-0 by Liverpool in midweek and were on the end of a 4-2 reverse by Manchester United last weekend. They have conceded a staggering 60 goals in their 26 Premier League fixtures and have taken just one point from six matches. Bielsa’s future is in serious doubt following a run of form that has spiralled out of control. According to The Athletic, the club’s hierarchy are considering a change of management for the remainder of the season. JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash  Former RB Salzburg boss Jesse Marsch has apparently been lined up. However, Leeds face an unusual problem if they want to sack Bielsa, who has the club in 16th position in the Premier League table. Bielsa has a ‘complex’ contract with Leeds having signed rolling one-year extensions every year, The Athletic continue. In addition, a complicated situation in which the Argentine pays his own backroom team muddies the scenario. Leeds would need to work out how they would pay off those individuals in the event that Bielsa is sacked. That could make a parting of ways take longer than usual. Bielsa was resigned following Leeds’ defeat by Spurs and admitted the result was ‘fair’. He said via his translator: "It was a fair defeat. The difference should have been smaller, however. Not so much due to how we played but because of the goals we could have scored. "The feeling of dominance over the game was for Tottenham. "The game today there were two clear defined styles. We know clearly how Conte's Tottenham play and obviously what we tried to do you can perceive it. "The way they played was not surprising for us and we tried to overcome them but we couldn't manage to take the ball off them in the build up, nor could we neutralise the influence of their forwards. DON'T MISS...Tottenham thrash Leeds: Doherty's message to Conte and Bielsa's crisisLeeds board's top four candidates to replace Bielsa after Spurs defeatSolskjaer's next job as Manchester United prepare for Watford clash "We couldn't manage to put them at risk when they built up the play and they managed to find their forwards. "We need to defend better. We need to make the opponents feel more worried when they have the ball and to try and manage to be able to attack without defending poorly and defend without it preventing us from attacking. "We would get back and defend quickly after attacking and then attack quickly after defending but we have lost that virtue. "Evidently there are factors that had a positive influence before but are not having the same impact.” 