Manchester United could be set for a new-look line-up next season, with interim boss Ralf Rangnick set to stamp his authority on the side after transitioning to a consultancy role. Having saved their cash in January, the new permanent boss will likely be backed during the summer, and Rangnick has already recommended RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku as the ideal replacement for Paul Pogba, according to reports. Express Sport looks at the Red Devils' exciting XI after what could be a successful summer. David De Gea has notched the most saves in the Premier League this season, which highlights United's leaky defence, but also his return to prominence. It looked as though his career at Old Trafford was in jeopardy last term when current back-up Dean Henderson was given an extended run in the side. But he grasped his opportunity with both hands when reinstated this campaign, and his spot between the sticks is not believed to be under threat during the summer. READ MORE: Chelsea 'may pocket' Barcelona transfer windfall due to hidden Azpilicueta contract clause Rangnick is still believed to be searching for a solution at right-back, with neither Aaron Wan-Bissaka nor Diogo Dalot providing the ideal blend of defence and attack. Aston Villa's Matty Cash has already perked the interest of Atletico Madrid, and the Red Devils could be wise to rival the Spanish side in light of his bright performances this campaign. Diego Simeone has a solid track record on recruiting right-backs after all, and United were supposedly keen to nab Kieran Trippier from the Spanish capital last summer. Despite their defensive frailties, the rest of the Red Devils' backline could remain much the same, with Raphael Varane, Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw all theoretically in their primes. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer - 'It would work'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley 'even if he has one leg'Jurgen Klopp piles pressure on Man City as Liverpool boss talks up title race Paul Pogba is expected to run down his Man Utd contract and leave for free in the summer. While Rangnick is reportedly an admirer of Nkunku, shelling out the touted £62.5million asking price is another matter altogether. The 24-year-old has come on leaps and bounds this season, scoring 22 goals in all competitions while deployed in a range of roles for RB Leipzig, including up front and on the wing. He learned his trade as a midfielder though, and United could look to use him in an advanced role alongside Bruno Fernandes. Fred could then be left to anchor the midfield, a thought that may have sparked concern among Red Devils fans in the past, but the Brazilian has improved significantly since the club's managerial change. Rangnick's admission that United are preparing to go after a striker in the summer will have sparked mixed emotions among fans, amid fears that Cristiano Ronaldo will abandon ship if the club fail to achieve a top-four finish. Alexander Isak could be the man to step up, and the 22-year-old represents a long-term option that has shown an ability to influence games, as well as score goals, for Real Sociedad. United may have to fend off rival interest from the likes of Arsenal, as well as other European heavyweights who could pin Isak as a viable, albeit less prolific alternative to Erling Haaland. Flanking the Swede, Jadon Sancho has finally hit his stride at Old Trafford in recent weeks, and Marcus Rashford continues to be a danger out wide, even if his form has temporarily dipped.