Turn2Us estimated that a staggering £15billion has been left unclaimed, which averages out at approximately £2,900 per unclaimed benefit. Thousands of people are missing out on an extra cash boost because those currently working do not realise, or think, they are eligible to apply for Universal Credit. The threshold depends on individual circumstances and the amount a working person receives is dependent on how much they earn. The current Universal Credit taper rate is 55 percent. That means for every £1 earned over that work allowance, the amount of UC paid to the claimant is reduced by 55 pence. That is, unless the person is eligible for a work allowance which includes those who have responsibility for a child and those whose working ability is affected by a disability or health condition. In these circumstances, they will be able to earn up to a set amount without their benefits being affected. The set amount is £335 per month for people who already have extra help to cover housing costs, and £557 per month for people who do not. For anything they earn above that amount, the £1 to 55p rule will apply. The DWP is advising people to check the online benefit calculator to find out how their income could be increased. Claimants will be notified how much Universal Credit they will be awarded in their usual monthly statement. The UK Government states that a person may be able to get Universal Credit if: • You are on a low-income or out of work• You are 18 or over (there are some exceptions if you’re 16 to 17)• You are under State Pension age (or your partner is)• You and your partner have £16,000 or less in savings between you• You live in the UK If someone lives with their partner, their income and savings will be taken into account, even if they are not eligible for Universal Credit. However people won't be able to get any of the means-tested benefits such as income support or housing benefit if their capital and savings amount to more than the upper limit of £16,000.