The state pension and pension savings often work hand in hand to support people in retirement. However, pension savings could be at risk of a staggering 55 percent tax due to a recent allowance freeze. The Pension Lifetime Allowance is the maximum a person can hold in workplace and personal pensions while still receiving pension benefits. Individuals may not think their savings will exceed the current £1,073,100 limit, but they could find themselves propelled over the barrier in the coming years. The Chancellor’s five-year freeze to Lifetime Allowance means many could find themselves subject to the tax simply by virtue of inflation. However, according to one expert, state pension contributions could be the solution to avoiding the charge. READ MORE: State pension payments confirmed to rise this year Henry Tapper, Chair of AgeWage and non-executive chair of Pension Playpen spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk. He said: “Some people with Lifetime Allowance problems have them because they have been contracted out of the state second pension - SERPS - for much of their careers. “But this also means that they don’t have the full 35 years of credits to the state pension. “These people can buy added state pension and the money they spend on doing so is not counted to either their annual (contribution) allowance or to their LTA. DON'T MISSPension alert as families may face 'significant tax charge' [INSIGHT]Britons could get their pension contributions topped up [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: You could slash bill by £130,000 or more - act now [EXCLUSIVE] “It currently costs £800 per annum, or about £15 per week to buy a year’s extra state pension credit.” Mr Tapper urged people to check whether this option is suitable for them, as many people could have the “headroom” to buy extra state pension. The Government website offers guidance regarding how people may be able to purchase National Insurance contributions. The expert added: “It also helps you with the top-up (known as Class III Nics). “The cost of this extra pension is very reasonable and a lot cheaper than buying an annuity. “It is well worth people considering buying extra state pension together with or as an alternative to paying ISAs. “People should be aware that you can normally only go back six years when purchasing extra state pension.” Before paying the contributions, a person should always check their National Insurance record. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Voluntary contributions also do not always increase an individual’s state pension. As a result, people are also encouraged to contact the Future Pension Centre to find out if they will benefit. The Government also states people may wish to get financial advice before they decide to make voluntary contributions. Further information is also available via the Government’s website.