Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway joined The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show on Monday morning to speak about her new TV series and give an update on husband Derek Draper's recovery from coronavirus. The TV personality opened up about new medical treatments for her husband and explained she is feeling "positive" about his progress. The 54-year-old has been very vocal about her husband's battle with Covid and the nation has rallied behind her family. Viewers have been given an insight into Derek's recovery in Finding Derek and Caring For Derek, documentaries made by Kate. Derek, who is also 54, caught Covid in March 2020 and was put into an induced coma by doctors and spent a total of 374 days in the hospital. Now back at home with his family, Kate was asked by Zoe how they were coping and how Derek had been in recent weeks. Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist? Kate said: "We've had a really good weekend, Derek, the kids and I. It feels quite positive. "I don't know if it's just the weather was lovely and the crocuses were up." However, she added: "I mean, I would love to give a big blob of a happy ending for Derek. "I haven't quite got that for everybody yet. I know everybody is like 'ugh', and it just feels like we have just got to keep pushing on.  "He's having different sorts of treatments, so we're just gonna have to keep everything crossed really Zoe, but thank you. "I think I'm quite lucky in a weird way because so little is known about covid that there is actually lots of chunks of hope that breakthroughs can happen." Derek requires round-the-clock care from Kate but the Good Morning Britain host admitted there will come a time when money to look after him runs out. Speaking on This Morning last week, she shared: “There’s a point where money runs out and I was thinking, ‘This isn’t sustainable, there isn’t the structure there to help long-term, what are we actually going to do? DON’T MISS… Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch [LATEST]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap after almost 20 years [SPOILERS]Call The Midwife's Doctor Turner admits falling 'madly in love' with BBC co-star wife [LATEST]  "I can’t give up, I can’t give up on him. "And I’ve been doing a lot of research on the following documentary of wonderful people who’ve contacted me and this particular doctor had dealt with people not as severe as Derek, but in the area. “He offered us the chance to be a kind of test case.” Sharing an image with her 1.1 million Instagram followers, she said: "Well, what a frightening week & I am sure I'm not alone in hugging my loved ones close, grateful - as our hearts go out to the people in Ukraine fearing for their lives. "Despite the horrifying news unfolding all around, I've been so moved by how many of you have got in touch about #caringforderek (available now on the @itv hub). "Do keep sharing your stories of hope & your challenges too - when the world feels out of control there is something so powerful in standing together - we can make a difference. "There are some wonderful groups that have helped me @access_care @carers_uk @carers.trust who are all great sources of support." 