Vikings: Valhalla airs on Netflix on February 25 and the series is set 100 years after the events of the Amazon Prime Video original. Historical authenticity has been blended with drama to tell the story of the end of the Viking Age. The series takes place following the events of the St Brice's Day massacre. The Vikings sequel is set in 1002 with familiar locations like Kattegat returning. The story starts with a particular historical event that happened 100 years after the end of the original Vikings show. The Vikings had been living in the British Isles and had settled into areas called the Danelaw. Danelaw had started to expand to include Vikings from all over Scandinavia. The Saxon king, King Aethelred II of England, was not happy about this. READ MORE: Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped The St Brice's Day massacre featured the killing of Danes on November 13, 1002. King Aethelred had ordered the attack in response to Danes raiding lands. During an excavation at St John's College, Oxford, in 2008, more than 30 skeletons were found. The name of the event refers to the fifth century Bishop of Tours, whose feast day takes place on November 13. England had become a target for Danish raids for many years and all Danes living in the kingdom were ordered to be killed as a result. An exact death count has never been discovered but historians believe it was a significant number. One of the notorious Vikings believed to have been killed in the massacre is Gunhilde, who may have been the sister of Sweyn Forkbeard, the King of Denmark. King Aethelred released a royal charter justifying his actions in 1004. The charter said: "For it is fully agreed that to all dwelling in this country it will be well known... "That since a decree was sent out by me with the counsel of my leading men and magnates... DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla showrunner hints at major religious war [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla boss shares key Michael Hirst advice as trailer drops [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla trailer drops huge nod to King Aethelred [INSIGHT] "To the effect that all the Danes who had sprung up in this island, sprouting like cockle amongst the wheat, were to be destroyed by a most just extermination. "And thus this decree was to be put into effect even as far as death, those Danes who dwelt in the afore-mentioned town, striving to escape death, entered this sanctuary of Christ, having broken by force the doors and bolts. "And resolved to make refuge and defence for themselves therein against the people of the town and the suburbs. "But when all the people in pursuit strove, forced by necessity, to drive them out, and could not, they set fire to the planks and burnt, as it seems, this church with its ornaments and its books. "Afterwards, with God's aid, it was renewed by me. The massacre is believed to have provoked an attack by Sweyn Forkbeard's invasion the following year. The horrific event featured at the start of Vikings: Valhalla leads to retaliation by the Danes. With Aethelred's act left unforgotten, the Vikings are prepared to put their religious differences aside. This is so they can turn their attention to who they believe is the true enemy.  Vikings Valhalla airs on Netflix on February 25.