Daisy Midgeley (played by Charlotte Jordan) and Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) have finally got their relationship back on track after months of doubting whether they could make things work on Coronation Street. Even though they think they've faced everything imaginable, the school teacher's former lover Nicky Wheatley (Kimberly Hart-Simpson) will be back on the cobbles, throwing the romance into jeopardy. It's fair to say the Rovers Return barmaid won't take too kindly to having another love rival after the drama with Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan) and could suggest she and her boyfriend make an exit from the ITV soap. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Daisy, Charlotte, discussed what the future looks like for her character and Daniel. To ensure she got to keep her hands on the school teacher, the soap star said: "Daisy does have a ruthless streak. "Because they have been so on and off, for them to be getting back on an even field and an even footing, I think she's going to try and protect that. "Daisy being Daisy, she won't go about it in the right way but it does come from a place of fear and place of wanting to be with him. "She just wants to protect what they have," the actress continued and one way in doing this would be to move away from any chance of Daniel bumping into a former lover. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Although Lydia is soon to make an exit and Daisy soon to know about Nicky, Daniel does have other romantic ties to the cobbles. The father of one once had a brief dalliance with Bethany Platt (Lucy Fallon), the daughter of current Weatherfield resident, Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien). As the door was left open for Bethany to return in the future, there is a chance she could walk back in and Daniel could be swayed back towards her. Daisy is quite a jealous character so she would be furious to see the pair catching up if the youngster ever made a comeback. Therefore, making an exit and starting a life together with Daniel's son somewhere else would be security for the barmaid. Before arriving on the cobbles as the stepdaughter of Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews), Daisy was known as an off-screen character who was travelling the world. There could be somewhere she loved more than anywhere else and she could suggest to Daniel they move out there where the prospects of teaching could be better. Having gone through so much hardship, it would be a shame for them to part ways because of some former lovers coming back into the picture. Although Daniel might want to leave, given the cobbles holds memories of his time with his late wife, Sinead Tinker (Katie McGlynn), he could understand where his girlfriend is coming from. He might not have ever expected to move away from the cobbles but he could know Daisy is the love of his life and he would do anything for her. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT]‘Hoping and praying’ Corrie's Sue Cleaver shares worries for brother [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack James Ryan talks cancer battle amid co-star's diagnosis [COMMENT] Charlotte offered her insight on the viewers' reaction to the couple, stating: "It's very positive which is very nice. "People have lots of lovely things to say about them. They think they're opposites in terms of characters so I think they're entertaining to watch." Asked if she would like to see Daisy settle down with Daniel, the actress replied: "I think as a character, she is looking for some stability. "I don't think that's something she's ever had in her life. "If you think about all her relationships, all the important ones, even with Jenny, at one point it did disappear." "Every relationship she's had that she's cared about, she's either ruined or it's gone wrong or she's lost it," the soap star continued. "So I think she's just trying to keep a hold of relationships that matter to her. So I would like that very much for her." Charlotte explained how she thinks it would help her character to grow to finally have some stability after so long. "I hope it doesn't change her too much because I like that she's a little bit troublesome. "I think it would [change her though] and even her out a bit," she added before stating she liked to play the devious side because "no one likes to be too nice." The actress also revealed whether she has some similarities to her character, explaining: "Not similarities but it's more of a case of I understand why she's doing these things. "I can see where it's coming from. It's coming from a place of feeling a bit lost and feeling a bit insecure. "She's not doing them because she's evil. She's doing them because she's damaged. I can understand her," the soap star said. But will viewers be bidding farewell to the quirky character as she begins a new life with Daniel after just two years on the show? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.