Firefighters had to be called in to help the person when they became stuck at a property in Tettenhall, Wolverhampton. The rescue operation saw the person being freed from "entrapment". The event marks the latest in a string of similar incidents over the last few years which sees obese adults needing to be saved by firefighters. Often the people need rescuing either because they became stuck, have fallen over or needed lifting out of their homes to be taken to hospital. The 70-stone person, who was freed in June 2020, was the heaviest to be rescued by West Midlands Fire Service in the last decade. According to data released under the Freedom of Information Act, the fire service was called dozens of times to help free or move overweight people as there was no other alternative method available. While another adult weighing 56 stone was rescued from a property in Wolverhampton in January 2020 after a call from the ambulance service. An additional two people weighing 50 stone also required help from the fire service in Wolverhampton and Foleshill, Coventry, in November 2019 and January 2020 respectively. According to Birmingham Live, firefighters were also called to Perry Barr, in north Birmingham, in 2016 to remove a window from a house so a patient weighing between 40 and 50 stone could be taken to an ambulance. READ MORE: UK warned of obesity crisis as Europe’s health struggle laid bare An operation of this type is known as a bariatric rescue and sees the crew remove windows or doors if they have difficulty removing the person needing help. In instances like this, firefighters may even need to use special slings or even cranes to lift them. Often paramedics will enlist the help of firefighters for cases that involve people who needed moving from their homes to a hospital or other care setting. DON'T MISS Covid: Risk of complications could be reduced with lifestyle change [INSIGHT] Man driving more than 1,000 miles from UK to help Ukrainian refugees [REPORT] Olaf Scholz makes hat-trick of climb downs on Ukraine invasion [REVEAL] West Midlands Fire Service was called a total of 74 of these incidents between 2017 and March 2021. A 31-stone person who got trapped in the shower in Bloxwich and a 30-stone adult who got "stuck between seats on a coach" in Walsall are also among the rescues carried out by the fire service in recent years. Crews were also called to assist a person with a dislocated knee stuck on a bus in Ladywood. There were also several incidents where people had become stuck in the bath and were unable to get out. Previously concerns had been raised that lives were being put at risk as fire crews were spending too long helping overweight people. The National Obesity Forum said in 2019 such incidents showed the Government was failing to tackle the obesity crisis. Additional reporting by Richard Guttridge