Holly Willoughby, 41,  logged onto social media earlier today to ask fans for advice as she reacted to the current situation in Ukraine. The This Morning star took to her Instagram account to share an image of Russia's invasion of Ukraine in view of her 7.6 million followers as she shared her dilemma. The picture showed two tanks surrounded by heavily-armed soldiers. Holly captioned the shot: “How do I explain this to my children… “I was asked questions last night I didn’t have the answers for…” Fans of the presenter rushed to the comments section to offer her parenting advice. READ MORE: Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit Jennyd1974 suggested: “Get them to watch Newsround. “It explains things in such an age appropriate way. “I honestly don’t understand things either - but hope Newsround can help!” Nicolahughes050 argued: “You don’t have to. Don’t let your kids watch the news and let them enjoy being children and worry free. “We don’t need to involve our children in every conversation. “Some things are best discussed amongst adults. Xx” Jodiecordier wrote: “My children have talked about nothing else this morning. “My 13 year old wants to move as we are in the area if a nuclear bomb is dropped on London we would be affected. READ MORE...Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [UPDATE]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST]John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS] “He is practically packing his bags. “What sort of world have we bought our kids into” (sic) Holly has become one of the latest celebrities to address the ongoing crisis on social media. Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan voiced his opinion on Russian President Vladimir Putin declaring war on his neighbouring country. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Piers wrote: “BREAKING: Putin’s invaded Ukraine. “This is an act of war by a bully-boy thug who doesn’t think the rest of the world has the guts or will to stop him. Shameful.” Singer Peter Andre typed on his Instagram Story: “This is heartbreaking. Truly heartbreaking. “A very sad day indeed".