Production for the Brenda Blethyn drama was put on hold last year due to the coronavirus pandemic. As a result, ITV bosses had to delay the episodes and they spread them out over the year. Four of the six episodes have been shown already, and the remaining two are expected to air later this year. DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) will be back again this year to solve another murder. Brenda has played leading lady Vera since series one, and she was joined by Aiden in 2014 after Joe Ashworth (David Leon) decided to leave. The pair may have clashed at first as Aiden got used to the way Vera works, although, they quickly sorted out their differences and have been a perfect partnership ever since. Over the past year, not only was series 11 delayed, but when the cast and crew returned to filming, they had to adjust the way they worked. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? Kenny and Brenda were able to work closely together as they formed a bubble between them. However, when filming with the rest of their co-stars including Riley Jones and Ibinabo Jack, things became more challenging. Speaking about shooting the series, Kenny explained he found self-isolating challenging to do. The actor explained one of the highlights for him is visiting different parts of Newcastle, and during the pandemic that was made impossible. He began: “Getting to know Newcastle and the whole area from the coastline to the wildlife, the nightlife and the culture has definitely been a highlight too. “That’s why filming this new series, in particular, has been really tough because I’ve had to isolate for the best part of a year with all the Covid protocols and that’s everything that I’m not.” Despite the setbacks, Kenny has had some fond memories of filming Vera over the years. Recalling one highlight, he continued: “One that always sticks out is the opening episode of series seven when we went to the Farne Islands for filming.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street newcomer Stu Carpenter linked to Charlie Stubbs? [SPOILERS]Vera star speaks out on leaving Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] “There was something lovely about having that very special and exclusive access to that location,” he added. “It’s a habitat for seals and many species of seabird. You need to access the island by boat, and you can see the dolphins swimming around in the sea and so many different birds.” Speaking about his working relationship with Brenda, the Aiden Healy star admitted the last 18 months have brought them closer together. “It’s like when you’ve had an amazing trip or life experience and you try to share it and tell other people about it, but you can’t,” Kenny explained. “It’s really difficult to articulate.” He added: “When you’re non-verbalising your friendship and you just instinctively know that it’s a good time to be together, even if it’s in silence. “We might have had a tough day at work, and we’d come in, make a cup of tea, sit down and watch the TV and we wouldn’t have even said a word to each other. “Other nights we’d come in and howl with laughter, talk about the day we’d had, run through lines for the next day, talk about the scripts and the people we’d been working with. “But it was really hard not doing any of the things we used to do like going out for a meal, going to the pub or to the theatre and although I did feel very lucky to be working, I naively thought that I would have been able to get through that time a lot easier than anticipated. “The saving grace of this difficult time was Brenda.” Vera is expected to air later this year on ITV.