It said up to 3.6 billion people are highly vulnerable to climate change because of extreme heat, heavy rainfall, drought and fires. The report said: “Any further delay in concerted anticipatory global action on adaptation and mitigation will miss a brief and rapidly closing window of opportunity to secure a liveable and sustainable future for all.” António Guterres, the UN secretary general, said: “I have seen many scientific reports in my time, but nothing like this. “Yesterday’s IPCC report is an atlas of human suffering and a damning indictment of failed climate leadership.”  The assessment is the second in a series of three reports from the IPCC in the latest review of climate science, which take place every seven years or so for governments. It has been released after its summary was approved by representatives of 195 governments and scientists, which overran by a day as delegates continued to haggle over the text. The report looks at the existing and future effects of climate change, efforts and limits to adapt to rising temperatures and vulnerable communities and natural systems. It found human-induced climate change has led to increased heat and heatwaves, rising sea levels, floods, wildfires, heatwaves and drought, causing death, food and water scarcity, and migration. IPCC chairman Hoesung Lee called the report a “dire warning” about the consequences of inaction. He said: “It shows that climate change is a grave and mounting threat to our wellbeing and a healthy planet. "It emphasises the urgency of immediate and more ambitious action to address climate risks. Half measures are no longer an option.” Some scientists have referred to the latest report as the “bleakest assessment yet” of climate change risks.  Report lead author Professor Richard Betts, of the Met Office and the University of Exeter, said: “This Sixth Assessment Report shows that climate change is already having widespread impacts, and further impacts are in the pipeline even if emissions are cut as rapidly as the most ambitious scenario suggests. "Urgent action is needed to adapt to these changes. We also conclude that many future climate-related risks are more severe than previous IPCC assessments, increasing the urgency of cutting greenhouse gas emissions to limit future warming to as low as possible.” A UK Government spokesman said the report is a cue to embrace the commitments made at the COP26 climate change conference in Glasgow in November. He added: “Yesterday’s stark report from the IPCC is a reminder to the world about how climate change is affecting our planet, underlining that we need to go further and faster to adapt and generate more clean power to reduce countries’ exposure to expensive global gas prices, embracing the commitments of the Glasgow Climate Pact.” The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You campaign has called on everyone to do their bit for the planet.  Ecotricity founder Dale Vince, who is backing our calls, said: "Half the people on our planet are already vulnerable to climate change. Lives and livelihoods are being lost, and wildlife extinction is faster than it has ever been. "We’re losing both land and water to this crisis - and the effects are irreversible. Yet we know exactly what we need to do. "We have all the technology we need and we have the money - it is in fact more economic to make the changes we need to make than to carry on as we are. We need to end our use of fossil fuels and end intensive animal farming. " Yesterday we received the most chilling warning yet about the current impacts and future risks climate change will have on our planet, and the people, places and wildlife in it. Searing heat and drought, ecosystem destruction, stronger storms, unpredictable floods, species extinction – this is not a list of scenes in an apocalyptic film. Instead, it is the content of a United Nations report that today has delivered an authoritative scientific verdict on the climate impacts from our rapidly warming world, where we are vulnerable, and what adaptation can do to help us. The latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, authored by 270 leading scientists from 67 countries, warns that climate change is affecting the lives of billions of people around the world and causing dangerous and widespread disruption in nature. It also stresses that the people and ecosystems least able to cope are being hit the hardest. Significantly, some of the impacts will be irreversible, such as changes from the melting of ice caps and glaciers, and it warns there is a rapidly narrowing window of opportunity for action. We are already feeling the devastating effects of climate change. Populations across the world are suffering from unpredictable flooding and fires, global biodiversity is rapidly declining, and temperatures in some parts of the world now make areas that were once homes, unliveable. This all at a temperature rise of 1.1°C above pre-industrial levels – not even the 1.5°C rise we know is necessary to limit the worst damage – with every fraction of a degree greatly increasing the risks to our planet. The new report tells us that choices and actions implemented in the next decade determine the future. We can limit the frequency and severity of some of the most extreme hazards and help people and ecosystems to adapt to some impacts.  This critically must include embracing nature as our ally and as a crucial buffer – but only if we choose to restore and protect her. Mangroves, for example, are fantastic at stabilising shorelines against erosion from storm waves, tides, and sea level rise all while absorbing carbon at the same time. Here in the UK, restoring peatlands can help them soak up rain and prevent runoff and flooding downstream. But the key is timing, if we don’t act now and cut emissions and build resilience, some climate change adaptions will no longer be viable. World leaders must heed the warnings in this report and deliver on their climate promises. We need to see a considerable uplift in political will, with increased investment to build resilience, while slashing emissions to give adaptation a fighting chance. For 22 ways to help the plant, visit WWF UK. Dr Stephen Cornelius is the Chief Climate Change Adviser and WWF Global Lead for IPCC. We all remember the Australian bushfires, the deadly heat in Canada, the floods in Europe and Belgium. These disasters, which killed hundreds, plus many other disasters happening around the world, have a clear fingerprint of climate change. The UK isn’t immune, we've seen thousands killed in heatwaves, and the massive impact of storm events recently. Just last week, experts warned1 of the risks of flash floods in London, and the urgent need for adaption to prevent dramatic impacts, such as people drowning in basement apartments. It’s no longer enough to prepare for what might happen, we must plan for what will happen and adapt the way we live. These rising risks are already evident around the world, particularly in the most vulnerable countries where people are hit hardest, despite contributing the least to climate change. Right now, in the Horn of Africa, severe drought threatens 13 million people every single day. It is in this context, that the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, researched and written by more than 200 scientists, has found for the first time that climate change is contributing to humanitarian crises. Not only that, but climate and weather extremes are driving displacement in every region of the world. This report is a flashing red light, a big alarm, for where we are today. This science confirms everything that's already happening. All the risks we were concerned about in the past are approaching much faster – not just because global warming continues, but because at increasing levels of warming, we face much higher risks. Both the increasing severity of climate impacts and the scale of what we need to do to cope with them, cement this as a critical humanitarian issue, and the window for concerted global action is rapidly closing. But all is not lost. There’s still some hope. We can adapt and we can reduce the impacts we already face today. Perhaps one of the most important things to do, is work with people and communities so that they know what's coming before it happens. People, with the right resources, can adapt how and where they live, and better withstand impacts. The IPCC report shows that this is working, but progress is uneven. By having better early warning systems, better health systems, better sanitation, but also simply by having social safety nets and reducing poverty, people can be better prepared to deal with climate change. This is one of the key areas that, with the right funding and commitment, could reap positive results now. The impact of the climate crisis on people’s lives cannot be underestimated. The climate crisis is a crisis for people everywhere. From here on, every increment of warming will add to the humanitarian burden. Urgent action everywhere is more vital than ever to prevent a humanitarian disaster on a global scale. We need to raise our ambition dramatically in light of what is coming our way. Maarten van Aals is the Director of the Red Cross Red Crescent Climate Centre and coordinating lead author of the IPCC report.