The company’s website and app were both down on Friday night. British Airways flights from Heathrow were grounded. In a statement British Airways said: “We’re investigating and working hard to resolve a technical issue and apologise for the inconvenience. “We will provide further updates as quickly as possible. We’re operating flights and checking customers in.” Meanwhile Heathrow Airport said it was aware of the issue but said that its systems were operating as normal on Friday evening. It tweeted: “Heathrow’s systems and air traffic control are operating as normal. READ MORE: Devon to ban wild camping after 'antisocial behaviour' “We are aware of a technical issue that British Airways are investigating and we will be working with them to provide updates to passengers as soon as they are available.” On Twitter, Emily-Jane Logan tweeted: “Been sat in the aircraft for over two and a half hours now on the stand at Heathrow. “Minimal information being released to passengers. Unacceptable.” Twitter user ‘InspectorH’ said: “British Airways all systems down, stuck on the plane this evening. “Flight BA0488 for over three hours with pilot giving blank answers every 15 minutes.” Some people have suggested that the outage could be a cyber attack following Russia’s attack on Ukraine. However, the airline denied that the problems on Friday evening were due to a cyberattack. One Twitter user said: “Really shoddy British Airways for plane (2775) full of passengers on the tarmac at LHR for over an hour since landing with zero news about the buses supposed to be coming to liberate us. Please help.” ‘Worla’ tweeted: “Will flights be able to move and what are you doing for customers that have been delayed?” Suzanne Kerins tweeted: “A technical issue? I’m at Heathrow Airport Terminal Five. Your staff are telling me no flights going because the entire computer system is down here.” British Airways already suffered a systems failure this week while in 2017 a computer crash stranded 75,000 passengers. In the 2017 crash all flights from Heathrow and Gatwick were cancelled and the airline asked passengers not to come to the airport. The disruption in 2017 lasted for several days and caused huge chaos for British tourists. This week, the UK Government banned the Russian airline Aeroflot from accessing UK airspace after the attack on Ukraine. In response, British Airways has been banned from landing in Russia or using its airspace. Ryanair suspended all flights to Russia following the attack on Ukraine. Transport secretary, Grant Shapps, has also banned all Russian private jets from landing in the UK. He tweeted: "Putin's actions are unlawful and anyone benefitting from Russia's agression in Ukraine is not welcome here. "I've strengthed our ban in the UK so that no Russian private jet can fly in UK airspace, or touchdown -effective immediately."