And yes, part of me still believes that segregation of men and women for any reason is bad. And I absolutely believe there should be zero tolerance of physical, sexual or verbal abuse of women on public transport. But the reality is that’s pie in the sky. It’s never going to happen. Lone women will continue to be vulnerable on public transport because there isn’t the money, the manpower, the resources or the will to properly protect them. Which is why I’m coming round to the idea of single sex carriages. And Scotland’s new transport minister, Jenny Gilruth, restarted the debate last week when she said she’d had personal experience of feeling unsafe on trains. The former teacher spoke about avoiding having to get the last train back to Fife because “it’s full of drunk men” who would squeeze in beside you despite the fact you’re surrounded by empty seats. And who among us women hasn’t experienced that at one time or another? Who hasn’t felt vulnerable and a bit scared by predatory blokes who stare for just a bit too long, who try to start up conversations when we’ve made it clear we don’t want to talk? Who hasn’t been groped on a packed tube or on a train and felt unable to speak out a) because you’re not entirely sure who did it and b) because how can you prove it? And while it’s true that separating men and women doesn’t address the underlying problem of harassment what it does do is make women feel safer for the time they’re on the train. A spokesman for the Everyday Sexism project says female-only carriages sends out a message that sexual assault is inevitable. Well, history tells us that it is. And it’s all very well for the likes of MP Liz Kendall, who attacked Corbyn for suggesting single sex carriages to say that: “Everyone should be able to travel without fear of physical or verbal attack.” Of course they should. Labour’s Yvette Cooper also tweeted at the time: “Why should we have to shut ourselves away to stay safe #segregation.” All stuff that made good headlines at the time but both of those women knew then – and now – that while everything they’re saying should happen in an ideal world – it’s not the reality that most women are living. Cooper had suggested that staff on trains should keep us all safe. And Yes, it’s true – but it isn’t happening. When was the last time you saw a guard on a late night train? I know that single sex carriages aren’t the answer to physical or verbal abuse but if women say a Female Only carriage makes them less scared then we have to listen to them. And many say they would feel safer. A recent Reuters poll of 6,000 women around the world, said 70 percent of them felt safer in single sex carriages. There’s absolutely no point in saying women should feel safe however and wherever they travel because everyone with half a brain knows that. But the reality is we live in a dangerous world where lone women get hurt and are frightened and where there aren’t enough police officers to protect them. No, it’s not right but it’s how it is. And it’s what women have to deal with. The other reality is that women are the most likely victims of sexual assault. Yes, it happens to men too but in more than 80 percent of cases – it’s vulnerable women and if those women say they feel safer sitting alongside each other in their own carriage then that’s how it must be and to hell with all the feminist arguments. Single sex carriages were introduced in Tokyo back in 2000 after studies showed that more than half the female passengers had been groped. Initially the country was accused of “institutional inequality” and of course in Japan there is glaring inequality between the sexes – women earn less than men and many are forbidden from doing certain jobs. But generally the scheme has been hailed a success. Ditto in India where there are “Ladies’ Specials “ to help deal with harassment and men who ignore the rules and try to enter the Ladies Only carriages are forced to do sit ups by the police. In 2015 when Corbyn first suggested this British Transport Police were asked about women’s safety on trains and their response? “We are exploring a number of new approaches including more active engagement from bystanders and working to understand the motivation of offenders.” Seriously? The plan to protect women was to get the general public to pile in at great risk to themselves? So BTP would be shifting responsibility onto the public? And their other tactic was to try to understand the motivation of offenders? How the hell were they going to do that when serious scholars – not just bods from BTP – have been trying to do it for decades? Railways need to be safe places for women. Yes, the aim should be zero tolerance of sexual, physical or verbal abuse on all public transport but for that to happen the transport system has to be policed by actual officers or guards which isn’t going to happen any time soon. So if women want single sex carriages then we must provide them. End of!