Helen McCrory sadly died at the age of 52 last April following her diagnosis of breast cancer. The Peaky Blinders star was remembered by her husband Damian Lewis in a special poetry reading at the National Theatre. Just last month, Damian paid tribute to his beloved wife in a poignant speech. The event, which took place in January, marked the first time Damian spoke publicly about her death. Alongside his family and friends, he took to the stage on January 27 to dedicate a poetry evening to Helen. The event was based around Allie Esiri's book A Poet For Every Day of the Year.  Speaking about his late wife, he said: “This evening is dedicated to her and it's perfect, because Helen loved the National Theatre. "One person whose thunder would absolutely not be stolen, was Helen McCrory." As well as this, Damian read a verse from Irish poet Derek Mahon's Everything is Going to Be All Right to end the evening. Author Allie also shared some insight into Damian’s words.  She told The Times in January: "We dedicated the evening to Helen, and Damian said a few words. “But we just wanted to get on and do the show. "It's what she would have told us to do, ‘OK, enough already, get on with the show!’ "She loved poetry and I think she would have been pleased to be kind of here with us. It felt right.” DON'T MISS... Dawn French shares 'real trigger' for hair transformation [INSIGHT]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [PICTURES]Holly Willoughby sparks frenzy over unlucky wardrobe malfunction [VIDEO]   Elsewhere, Helen’s Peaky Blinders co-stars have been candidly opening up about her death. Among them, her good friend Cillian Murphy shared his grief at her passing. Speaking to the Observer last Sunday, he said: “Her death was unbelievably sad and difficult. “But I’m always careful when I talk about it.  “I’m a friend and a colleague, but then you think about Damian [Lewis, McCrory’s husband] and their kids. “I don’t own that grief, you know? “But she was a remarkable human being and a remarkable actor. “It was very hard to make it [Peaky Blinders series 6] without her.” 