Liverpool's star-studded midfield is undoubtedly one of the best in the world, with their dominating presence affording most teams no time on the ball to break them down. However they may have been denied the chance to add a star target to their superb ranks, with Bayern Munich reportedly set to beat them to the signing of Ryan Gravenberch. Liverpool were heavily linked with Gravenberch in the summer after they lost Georginio Wijnaldum on a free transfer to Paris Saint-Germain. The ex-Newcastle star has been missed at Anfield, although the club have coped well with his departure for the time being. They could do with one more addition to take his place, and a move to take Gravenberch to Merseyside was supposedly more attainable this coming summer. But after a report by Sport1 claimed that Gravenberch was in advanced talks with the German champions, it seems Liverpool may have to act fast to risk losing out on their man. The report states that there is set to be a shakeup of numbers in the Bayern midfield. READ MORE: Man United can swerve Mauricio Pochettino with strategic left-field appointment  According to Sport1, injury-prone Frenchman Corentin Tolisso and Spanish star Marc Roca could depart in the summer. Tolisso's injuries have hampered his time in Bavaria after initial promise, with just 115 appearances to his name since 2017 - an average of just 25 games per season in all competitions. Roca has also failed to kick on in his time at the Allianz Arena after making just 19 appearances since he signed in October 2020, and he could be moved on with prospects of playing under Julian Nagelsmann beginning to look bleak. Their departures will free up wages and potential transfer funds, should they receive a fee for either player. And in the event of their departures, a move for Liverpool target Gravenberch will reportedly be sanctioned. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesChelsea 'open talks' over Raphinha transfer as '£20m Leeds relegation clause' emergesFour electric right-backs Man Utd can sign as part of full-back transfer reshuffle  According to De Telegraaf, talks are already at an advanced stage between Bayern and Gravenberch's representatives, which consist of Mino Raiola and Gravenberch's father. The Dutch prodigy is under contract with Ajax until 2023, and the Eredivisie giants have reportedly asked for £27million for his services. Gravenberch himself is unsure about whether to pursue a deal away from the Dutch outfit, as per Algemeen Dagblad. "I don't know if I will change in the summer," he said. "What I know for sure: I won't leave Ajax if the club doesn't get anything for it. "I can't go free of charge, it won't happen." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 