A jockey was left rather embarrassed after a celebration went horribly wrong. Justin Huxtable, the 2020-21 Queensland Apprentice of the Year, was competing in the Kangaroo Island Cup in Australia and just yards before the finish line, he opted to stand up and punched the air while his horse was still in motion.  The horse, known as Splash the Cash, did cross the line first, but also left the jockey in a heap on the turf after his extravagant celebration went horribly wrong. Thankfully for the 21-year-old, he was unharmed and did not get crushed by any of the horses that came charging through the finish line. The jockey, who has won just shy of £3.2million in his career, made his way back to his feet, clearly winded and left red-faced after the incident. Unfortunately for Huxtable, it was not just his ego that was hurt, but he now faces a spell on the sidelines. Stewards handed him a three-week ban for his celebration, which came shortly after he returned following another ban of the same length after failing a breath test in Brisbane. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's touching message to brother as Nicolas gets to sit in Mercedes' new W13   The native South Australian, who has to work hard to keep his weight down, made the move to Queensland in search of more opportunities in late 2019. It has been a negative week in horse racing news, particularly after Sir Mark Todd was given an interim suspension by the British Horseracing Authority (BHA). It came after viral footage showed the former Olympic equestrian champion turned racehorse trainer striking a horse with a branch. During the clip, he hits the animal multiple times while attempting to coax it towards a water jump in a cross-country schooling session. DON'T MISS  After being viewed tens of thousands of times, the BHA released a statement. It said that the 65-year-old New Zealander, who trains in Wiltshire, will be suspended while “investigations continue”. A spokesman added: "This interim suspension means that while investigations continue into the circumstances of this incident, Sir Mark will be unable to race horses in Great Britain or internationally "The trainer has admitted the individual involved in the video was him, has apologised for his actions and agreed to the imposition of an interim suspension."  After footage of the incident went viral, Sir Mark quickly apologised for his actions. In an earlier statement, he said: "I wholeheartedly apologise to the horse and all involved for my actions in this video clip.” In a statement condemning his actions, a charity called World Horse Welfare, of which he was a patron and has since stepped down, said: "The treatment of the horse in this video is disturbing and unacceptable. "There is no place in the horse-human partnership for such use of force."