 Even though private e-scooters are illegal to use anywhere except on private land, one in four parents have purchased one for their children. Despite this, the latest Government data indicated that there were 484 casualties in accidents involving e-scooters in 2020, with 384 of these being riders themselves.  More than 85 percent of those who were surveyed said they were happy for their children to use their e-scooter in public places. The only e-scooters that can be driven in public are vehicles which are part of Government-sanctioned trials. These e-scooters can be hired from a number of different operators in more than 50 cities across the UK. While it is apparent that e-scooters can cause serious injuries due to reaching speeds of up to 30mph, not all parents insist their children use the advised safety equipment while using them. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique  Over a third of parents don’t ensure their child is wearing a helmet when riding an e-scooter and nearly half of parents with a child under five are happy to see them ride without a helmet. Leticia Williams, Partner, Head of Personal Injury Team at Hodge Jones & Allen said: “Whilst the law is clear on limiting the use of e-scooters anywhere except on private land, the findings of our study highlight that many parents are still happy to purchase them for their children. “Only e-scooters hired through official pilot schemes are legal to use in public areas, yet sales figures show that private sales continue to grow. "While there is no age limit on private use, the hire age really does imply that small, young children should not be on these as the risk of injury is high. DON'T MISSDrivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [SHOCKING]Major UK city set to ban all vehicles at certain times with £50 fine [WARNING]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT]  “It is even more concerning to see the proportion of parents who are allowing their children to use these high-speed machines without the correct safety equipment. “A brain injury, whether severe or mild, can have a lasting impact on a child’s development. “My warning to parents is to take care and fully investigate the legal and safety risks before allowing their child to use an e-scooter.” To hire a rental e-scooter a person must hold a provisional driving licence, which means they need to be 15 years and nine months old.  Official Government guidance states “you should wear a cycle helmet when using an e-scooter”, although this is a recommendation and not a legal requirement. Users are also recommended to wear light-coloured or fluorescent clothing so other road users can see them in daylight, poor light and in the dark. Although the Government sets out clear guidelines on how to ride safely, many will continue to ride recklessly. Lisa Turan, Chief Executive of the Child Brain Injury Trust, warned of the dangers of allowing younger people to use e-scooters, especially without appropriate safety equipment.  She said: “I would urge parents to exercise caution when thinking about purchasing an e-scooter for their children. “Even when used on private land, the danger of a fall at speeds of up to 30mph could lead to serious head injuries, especially when a helmet isn’t worn. “Allowing a child to use these machines without a protective helmet is putting children at undue risk. “The majority of accidents might not be serious, and for the most part, a trip to the hospital won’t be needed. “For some families however, the incident is significant enough to warrant medical attention.”