The monthly free games are a highlight for PS Plus subscribers. PlayStation Plus members can download three free games each month, including two for PS4 and one for PS5. The current batch of free PS Plus games, for example, include EA Sports UFC 4, Tiny Tina’s Assault on Dragon Keep: A Wonderlands One-shot Adventure and Planet Coaster: Console Edition. The next wave of free PlayStation Plus games are about to be revealed by Sony, although some fans believe the identity of the titles have been revealed early. One of the more interesting leaks involves new release Sifu, which some people are predicting will join PS Plus in March. As pointed out on Reddit, the Sifu game logo has a PlayStation Plus icon when viewed in your game library. This same icon appears on other PlayStation Plus free games in your recently played list on the games library. This has led to speculation that the excellent martial arts beat-em-up will join the PlayStation Plus line-up in March. Considering Sifu only launched a few weeks ago, I would be surprised if it joins PS Plus at this stage, although it's definitely worth looking out for. Another game that's definitely coming to PlayStation Plus in March is GTA Online. Grand Theft Auto 5 and GTA Online will make their next-gen debuts on March 15. The re-releases will include upgraded visuals, superior performance and faster load times for PS5 and Xbox Series X/S. GTA Online, meanwhile, will be given away for free if you're a PlayStation Plus subscriber. It's likely GTA Online will be added as a bonus game, and will be joined by three other titles in March. What these three games are remains a mystery, although some fans have been having fun predicting the line-up on Reddit. One of the games with the most mentions is kung fu RPG BioMutant, which launched in 2021. Other fans are predicting Sackboy: A Big Adventure will join PS Plus, alongside Firewatch, Dark Souls Remastered and Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order. Join Express Online at 4.30pm GMT on February 23, when the games will be revealed in full.