Dr Michael Mosley often shares his weight loss tips with slimmers online as well as on television. He is the creator of The Fast 800 – a diet plan that helps people lose weight quickly. Dr Mosley has shared an easy diet change to help slimmers lose an impressive two stone in just 10 weeks. The nutrition expert’s carefully devised diet plans help people lose weight as part of maintaining a normal lifestyle, aiming to cause minimal disruption to their day-to-day life. It is worth noting that according to research from the Commons Library, the 2019 Health Survey for England found that 28 percent of adults in the UK are obese while a further 36.2 percent are overweight. Obese is usually categorised as people with a BMI over 30, while overweight is the term used for people whose BMI is between 25 and 30. READ MORE: Meghan & Harry ‘brought attention to themselves’ expert claims The survey also found that almost one in 10 children aged four to five, as well as more than a fifth between the ages of 10 and 11, are obese. Dr Mosley’s weight loss plans could be helpful for those wanting to lead healthy lifestyles, as well as those aiming to reduce or avoid weight gain. The nutrition expert recommended following his Fast 800 diet. He said: “Some people, following the Fast 800 weight-loss plan, have managed to shed two stone in just 10 weeks.” To do this, it is advisable to reduce or avoid foods that contain a high quantity of carbohydrates.  Dr Mosley continued: “Eat 800 to 1,000 calories a day, spread out over two or three low-carbohydrate meals, and try to avoid snacking. “Stay on this plan for two to 12 weeks, depending on how much weight you want to lose. “Some people on it like to spread their 800 calories over three meals. “Others find it easier to eat them in two, with a late-morning brunch and an early evening meal. “Likewise, some people prefer to consume up to half their calories as meal-replacement shakes [but] others want real food for every meal.” Cutting out – or reducing – carbs means more room for vegetables, fatty fish, and foods that are high in protein in your diet. This is essentially the Mediterranean diet, which is a key component to The Fast 800 diet. Once slimmers have hit their ideal weight, Dr Mosley recommended moving to another weight loss plan. He said: “Once you’ve hit your weight-loss goal, move on to The Way Of Life maintenance programme: a healthy Mediterranean way of eating – not calorie-counting but exercising portion control.” Exercising portion control means eating three healthy meals a day and try not to snack between meals. Other ingredients to follow on the Mediterranean diet include legumes, lentils, seeds, fruits, and nuts. Dr Mosley has also in the past recommended eating eggs and full-fat yoghurt to slim down.