After No Time To Die, the hunt has been on to replace James Bond actor Daniel Craig. Legendary British star Tom Hardy has been in the upper echelons of the bettings. At the moment, he is just behind two massive Netflix stars - but could he fall further? This month an excerpt was released from the new Kyle Buchanan book, Blood, Sweat & Chrome: The Wild and True Story of Mad Max: Fury Road. In the book, Hardy's antics on the set of Mad Max were documented - and not in a good way. A Mad Max camera operator, Mark Goellnicht, recalled how Hardy was always late to filming, but Theron was usually on time. On one occasion, Theron waited over three hours for the Venom actor to make an appearance on set. And when he did arrive, she launched into a furious rant at the actor. She reportedly screamed at him: "Fine the f*****g c**t a hundred thousand dollars for every minute that he’s held up this crew ... how disrespectful you are!" Hardy didn't like this, and reportedly "charged up to Theron" and yelled at her. Goellnicht said the star screamed at her: "What did you say to me?!" The camera operator added: "He was quite aggressive. [Theron] really felt threatened, and that was the turning point." Before long, Theron had a producer go down to the set in South Africa to act as "protection". With Hardy's Bond chances in mind, will this news hurt the star's opportunity to replace Craig going forward? Perhaps, considering his odds have already changed in recent weeks. READ MORE: Next James Bond: Tom Hardy may lose crucial 007 spot to X-Men star The latest Bond odds from Ladbrokes have Hardy in third place. This is a marked decline for the star who was, at one point, the favourite to become the next tuxedoed super spy. Could this Mad Max information have had something to do with the star's choices? The actor has previously revealed he would like to take on the role - but would not talk about it through fear. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: Tom Hardy may lose crucial 007 spot to X-Men star [INFO]James Bond: 'It's bulls**t' Sean Connery on his breakup with 007 [NEWS]Next James Bond: Idris Elba shatters hopes for 007 role [NEXT BOND] Hardy said of the Bond rumours in 2020: "You know, there's a saying amongst us in the fraternity of acting, and in the fellowship of my peer group, that if you talk about it you're automatically out of the race. So I can't possibly comment on that one! If I mention it, it's gone." He currently has 4/1 odds on claiming the role, but he is being beaten by two iconic British actors. Just ahead of him is Henry Cavill of Superman fame. The star has an impressive 3/1 on claiming the role. Ahead of Cavill and Hardy is the Bridgerton hunk that is Regé-Jean Page. The British-Zimbabwean star currently has the Bond lead with an incredible 11/4. But does this mean he is guaranteed to take the role, or will someone else swoop in and steal it from him at the last minute? SOURCE