Be it gum disease, blindness, clogged arteries or lung cancer, these risks are known, and are stamped across every legal tobacco product sold in the UK. But a more pernicious threat exists. Illegal tobacco consumption in the UK is on the rise, with research published earlier this year showing that 35 percent of smokers have bought these unregulated and dangerous products. The data, released by Kantar, UK shows that illegal tobacco is widely available. In one area of the country 115 stores were found selling illegal tobacco, at up to 85 percent less than the price of legitimate products. What is the problem, you might ask? Cheap cigarettes could be seen as an alluring prospect for some smokers, particularly with the current squeeze on the cost of living that so many of us are feeling. But these unregulated products hold a darker secret. Dead flies, lead, asbestos, rat poison and human excrement are just a few of the “additives” that have been found in illegal cigarettes seized in raids across the country. For the 11½ percent of adults in my Fylde constituency who smoke, and indeed for smokers across the country, I am calling on the Government to do more to tackle these incredibly dangerous products which are flooding our communities. While, of course, we want as few people as possible smoking combustible cigarettes, we absolutely do not want those who choose to continue smoking rat poison or human faeces. And it’s not just the health risks that come with these illegal products. Of huge concern is the involvement of criminal gangs who not only manufacture and push these illegal cigarettes, but also use human trafficking and modern slavery to smuggle their products into the country, or in some cases make them here under appalling conditions. As the Centre for Social Justice highlighted not so long ago in its landmark report, It Still Happens Here: “The business model often involves trafficking vulnerable people from Eastern Europe or the Middle East and subjecting them to debt-bondage, often housing them in converted garages. Male victims are often put to work in the shops, selling illicit tobacco, while female victims are sexually exploited in brothels and subjected to violence and intimidation.” Illegal tobacco funds dangerous criminals, and ruins the lives of the people who are forced to manufacture these products and then sell them in communities across the UK. There was the case a few years back where two men from my constituency of Fylde were arrested for overseeing an international smuggling ring involving millions of illegal cigarettes. In Preston last year, a shop was found to have sold illegal products to undercover enforcement agents a total of seven times. And in Blackpool, a number of shops were found to be openly selling illegal tobacco. All of this adds up. Since 2000, lost revenues from illegal tobacco have cost the Treasury £49bn, meaning that vital resources which could otherwise have supported public services, like our fantastic NHS, have gone into the pockets of criminals. The additional costs of policing this illegal activity and the burden these dangerous products place on our NHS will take this bill even higher. Despite the heroic work of organisations like the National Crime Agency to tackle illegal tobacco, a massive lack of resources – in terms of time, money, and manpower – is hampering efforts around ongoing enforcement and prosecutions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea I know that the Government is taking this challenge seriously, and new powers in the Finance Bill will allow HMRC officers to issue on-the-spot fines of up to £10,000, and revoke retailers’ required registrations to sell tobacco products. However, these powers need extending further, especially to the Trading Standards teams who carry out the bulk of enforcement on our high streets. I also believe that Trading Standards should be able to retain any fines they collect to allow reinvestment in their services – criminals should pay the cost of breaking the law, not taxpayers and legitimate businesses. I look forward to taking these points up with my Ministerial colleagues, and working with them to press for action.