Cleaning your windows is a task many homeowners put off, with glass notoriously hard to get just right. However, there is one everyday item which costs less than £1 which could be crucial in helping you cut through smudges and stains. You might pick up your daily newspaper to catch up on local and world news, but instead of throwing it away once you’re all caught up, hanging onto its pages could come in handy for cleaning. The newspaper itself can be used to buff the glass and remove streaks and marks. Not only can this work wonders for your windows, but it is also a great way to recycle the paper for new use. Anecdotally, the hack is said to work “really well”, especially when combined with vinegar. READ MORE: The £1 beauty item that could 'transform' stainless steel sinks In a Reddit forum dedicated to tips for achieving “streak-free” window glass, a user posting under the name micmac1007 said: “Newspaper is the key”. A second user, flordianreader, said: “(White) Vinegar and newspaper. For real. "Paper towels and rags leave lint, newspaper works great.” But what do the experts say about this cleaning hack? According to window cleaners from Nick’s Window Cleaning: “Newspaper is better for cleaning windows than using rags or paper towels, it's true." DON'T MISSWhen to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [INSIGHT]Couple leave London for Oxford as they 'couldn't afford lifestyle' [INTERVIEW] They claim rags were "never good" for cleaning windows because they "leave streaks and smudges". The experts added: “They also then have to be washed which can make window cleaning even more work. "But for years that was all that was available. “Newspaper is a very dense material. "It is made from soft fibres that are very tightly packed together; it is not abrasive and will not scratch or pit glass." However, it is important not to use newspapers which feature any colour, as this can come off and stain your window. Black and white pages are the best way to put this hack into practice without damaging your windows. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To begin, mix one-part hot water with one part distilled vinegar. Alternatively, you can use a cleaning glass cleaning product. Use the newspaper to rub the glass in circular motions. After that, wipe the newspaper across the glass horizontally and then vertically to make sure there are no streaks and the entire liquid cleaner is absorbed. Do this for each individual section of the window. This may be a time-consuming task if you have a lot of windows, but attention to detail is key in order to banish streaks for good. Before finishing, ensure all liquid is absorbed from the windowpane.