Tensions were running high in extra-time of the Carabao Cup final between Chelsea and Liverpool with both sets of players attempting to get the referee's attention, but Stuart Attwell dealt with Antonio Rudiger's particular plea brilliantly. Expectations were high for a brilliant game at Wembley and both Liverpool and Chelsea didn't disappoint.  There was a high tempo from the offset with both goalkeepers called into action early on. Referee Attwell also had some decision to make to calm things down with some tensions flaring. The official decided against dishing out cards early on and allowed plenty of phases of play to continue where others may have blown up for a foul. He was decisive in his call to disallow Joel Matip's goal for Virgil van Dijk being in an offside position in the build-up.  But Attwell's finest moment came in extra time in an exchange with Rudiger. Liverpool put a cross into the Chelsea box with Thiago Silva able to clear his lines before play was stopped as Rudiger was laid on the ground. The Germany international was then trying to make eye contact with Attwell while holding his chest. "What are they doing?" Rudiger could be seen mouthing towards the referee.  But as soon as Attwell realised that Rudiger didn't need medical attention to carry on, he immediately turned away and waved for play to get back underway. Both teams had the ball in the back of the net numerous times with Romelu Lukaku also having a goal ruled out for offside. Kai Havertz thought he had won it for Chelsea in extra-time when he finished neatly past Caoimhin Kelleher. But the flag was raised correctly to postpone celebrations with the game remaining 0-0.  Mendy played a huge role in keeping the game goalless in the first half with an incredible double save. Naby Keita fired from range with Mendy at full stretch to keep it out but Sadio Mane pounced quickly to shoot only for the Chelsea goalkeeper to get back up and parry the effort away. Mendy was called upon again late in the game when Virgil van Dijk had a free header from a corner. But as the game was heading for penalties, Tuchel decided to bring Mendy off with Kepa Arrizabalaga coming on.