Carer’s Allowance Supplement is an additional benefit payment which is awarded to those who claim Carer’s Allowance from the DWP. However, this extra support for carers is only available to those who live in Scotland as it is administered by the Scottish Government. Unlike most other benefits which are managed by the DWP, Social Security Scotland administers the Carer’s Allowance Supplement. While other payments are awarded monthly, this devolved benefit is paid only twice a year to those who are eligible. To claim this support, claimants must have been living in Scotland by a particular date or have a “sufficient link” to the country. As well as this, recipients must get Carer’s Allowance from the DWP by a certain date to get payments on time. It should be noted that the person the claimant is caring for does not need to living in Scotland for them to be eligible.  READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  The next round of Carer’s Allowance Supplement will be paid sometime in June 2022 for those who get its DWP predecessor on April 11, 2021. Later in the year, claimants will get their new benefit if they are receiving Carer's Allowance on 10 October 2022. Separately, Carer’s Allowance Supplement is £237.70 for each payment which means the overall amount someone will get in a year is £475.80. This new payment was designed to assist struggling unpaid carers and was passed in the Scottish Government with the passing of the Carer’s Allowance Supplement (Scotland) Act.  Recently, claimants of the supplementary benefit received a double payment in December 2021 in recognition of their hard work during the pandemic. The Scottish Government estimates that around 91,000 people will be supported through this latest benefit scheme. Outside of the Carer’s Allowance Supplements, the devolved Government confirmed millions of pounds worth of funding in services to assist unpaid carers. This funding includes money for other benefits from Social Security Scotland designed to help unpaid carers. Ben Macpherson, the Scottish Government’s social security minister, shared why he believes the extra support for unpaid carers is essential going forward. Mr Macpherson said: “I’m delighted that eligible unpaid carers in Scotland will receive a further double payment of Carer’s Allowance Supplement before Christmas this year. “This additional investment of around £20million means the Scottish Government has provided around £120m of additional funding this year and last, compared to in the rest of the UK, through the supplement and the two additional coronavirus payments, to eligible carers in Scotland. “By making these additional payments, the Scottish Government is showing our appreciation of the vital role carers play in our society. “This funding will help to mitigate some of the negative impacts of the virus on carers’ own finances and wellbeing whilst they continue to provide vital caring roles to friends and family.” One of the other carer benefits in Scotland is the Young Carer Grant, which has been awarded to 4,500 people. The Young Carer Grant is given once a year to young carers between the ages of 16 to 18 who look after someone who is normally paid a qualifying disability benefit. Currently, the annual payment comes to £308.15 and does not need to be spent on caring responsibilities.