Reports of the email say it claims that something has gone wrong with the payment of one’s TV licence bill and asks customers to set up a new direct debit. TV Licencing has clear advice available for targets and victims of scams like this and what customers can do if they fall victim to a fraudster. TV licences are one of the most common household bills, making it easy to target a vast number of victims through it. The Liverpool Echo reported that the original warning came from a post on community site NextDoor from a Wirral resident who was able to identify that the email he was sent was a scam. The new scam email utilises a phishing tactic, where fraudsters impersonate a person or company in order to get their victim to reveal personal or financial information. It has been reported that the scam read: "Direct Debit Alert. We're sorry to let you know that the TV License could not be automatically renewed. Something's gone wrong with your payments.  "As we couldn't take the latest payment from your bank account, this amount will also need to be paid when you set up your new Direct Debit. "Remember, if you don't keep up with your payments, we may be forced to cancel your license or pass your details to a debt collection agency. "To change your payment method, have a look at all your options. So, all you need to do is make sure there's enough money in your account. Or, if you prefer to pay the missed amount now, you can sign in online and pay using your debit or credit card. "While you're signed in, please make sure we have your correct bank details. Set up your new direct debit "Best Regards, TV Licensing Team"   The email showcases that phishing scams can often be quite realistic, using similar terminology and sign offs that the genuine TV Licensing team would use. However, TV Licensing offers advice on their website illustrating what customers should look for specifically in suspected scam emails to identify whether it is genuine. TV Licensing notes that they will always include customers’ names in the email which can sometimes also be accompanied by a part of their postcode. With this in mind, any emails which begin with the likes of ‘Dear Customer’ will likely be a scam. Emails will also be sent from donotreply@tvlicensing.co.uk or donotreply@spp.tvlicensing.co.uk or noreply@paypoint.com for TV Licensing payment card customers who make mobile payments through the TVL Pay app. Customers can check the email address of the sender by selecting the sender’s name. TV Licensing noted that scammers will hide the true email address they are using. TV Licensing added that fraudulent emails will usually contain a version of the following: TV Licensing shared they will not ask customers for the following: Customers who have received a suspected scam email are advised to send the email to report@phishing.gov.uk for it to be investigated.