Adam has been played by actor Sam Robertson on Coronation Street since 2004, making it 18 years since he first stepped onto the cobbles as the son of Mike Baldwin (played by Johnny Briggs). After years of playing the field, he has finally settled down with ITV soap stalwart Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) and the pair have been thinking of starting a family. Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan) has had other ideas and by the time she makes her exit from the show, it seems Adam's life is completely ruined, paving the way for the beloved character to think about leaving Weatherfield. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media recently, Sam spoke about the idea of moving on from the role of Adam and what he would like to do in the future. The soap star explained: "There was a lot of trouble with Adam and Sarah's marriage then and I felt personally that it was too soon after that to do another story where Adam and Sarah are having trouble again. "I think it's tough on Tina [Sarah] and I to do a lot of arguments. "Tina and I have gone from working together, having fun and having a lot of harmony with the material and then suddenly we're at each other's throats all the time. "So it's been really tough to do that again, so soon after 12 months before getting through it. So at first, I was like, 'Oh God man, this is going be tough'." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? "Walking on set and arguing, even though it's a fake couple, it's still a challenging day on set," the actor continued. "I won't lie, it has been tough, we've got through it. But I think in the end it'll be worth it. "One thing is that I've enjoyed working with Rebecca (Ryan, who plays Lydia) so much, she's been a bit different really. "I think sometimes familiarity breeds contempt," he stated as he began to explain his thought process behind leaving the show in the future. "I think sometimes you pick up the script and you feel like you're doing the same scene as you did 12 months ago. Then you think, 'Is it me? Is it the character or the other actors?'" "I speak to a lot of guys here like David Neilson [Roy Cropper], Jimmi Harkishin [Dev Alahan]," the soap star shared. "I had a scene with [Jimmi] the other day, and you have these moments where you think, 'I could hang this character on a coat hanger for a bit'. "And they go, 'It happens, you're used to working on different characters'. I'm at the stage now, five years in, where I haven't played another character in over six years. "It's mad! I feel like coming through this big storyline I need to re-calibrate and find out what this character's all about. "I think this confusion Adam's feeling right now, I'm feeling myself as an actor in terms of, who is this character? DON'T MISS...Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT]‘Hoping and praying’ Corrie's Sue Cleaver shares worries for brother [COMMENT] "He’s very different to who I was playing six months ago," Sam detailed, before detailing an uncertain future ahead. "Whether it's just a moment in time and things will fall back into place and become much more relaxed, that might well be the case. "It'll be interesting to see how things pan out. "It's been tough. Five and a half years I've been here now and you think the longer you're here the easier it gets. "That's what I always thought because you become much more comfortable with the character and it has become easier." "We're much more familiar with everybody and so many elements of the job are easier when you start a new job," he said. "But in terms of the performance and that character, for sure the challenge doesn't get any easier especially when they throw you into a new storyline." If Adam were to leave, it would be an end of an era for the Barlow family as the character is linked to the ruthless businessman, Mike. Not only was he the heartthrob's father, but he was also the arch-nemesis of Ken Barlow (William Roache), who is Adam's grandfather. The lawyer's exit would certainly be memorable and the door could be left open for him to return to Weatherfield in the future. In upcoming scenes, Adam's hardships are not going to get any easier as he tries his best to convince his wife he didn't have an affair. Lydia has claimed she and the lawyer decided to reignite their passion but she has made the whole scenario up to break up the couple. Having formed a strong friendship with Lydia over the past few months, Sarah decides to put her trust in her rather than her husband. By the end of next week, Adam will be thrown out of his home as his wife feels there is no way back for them at this point. With Lydia also claiming the lawyer has broken into her flat, it seems he is on the wrong side of the law but can he plead his innocence? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.