Billy Connolly, 79, has gifted us with many things during his lifetime, and now he's offered up some pearls of wisdom in his new TV series. The veteran comedian stars in Billy Connolly Does... which is shot in and around his Florida home, where he now lives a quiet life with his wife Pamela Stephenson, spending his days drawing, fishing and watching TV. But he revealed something very interesting about his house - it used to be a drug dealer's den. "My Florida home was a drug trafficker’s house," he exclaimed. "The garage... there’s no back! "You go in and shut the door and your car’s in the garden, and you can escape to the river!" READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation While on the topic of gardens, he added he adores his. "Gardens are good, back gardens are better," he smiled. "You can be more yourself in a back garden. "It was lovely, the big house, with a lake you could fish in. "You can fish in your slippers. Sometimes life gets unbearably sweet." His life is a far cry from his former one; once bustling with showbiz events and stand-up gigs. In 2013, Connolly was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease, which lead to him quitting live performances five years later. But despite the illness, his comedy is still very much alive. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] Speaking during an interview with the Radio Times last year, Connolly also said he treated the disease the way he used to deal with hecklers at his shows. "I’ve learned to hypnotise my hand," he told the publication. "I glare at it and it kinda quivers. "I just stare at it, and eventually it stops." He added: "It’s quite a good trick. We love it.” But even though he's come to terms with Parkinson’s, learning to live with it over the past nine years and never tried to hide it from the public, he admitted he's "p****d off with it" as it has stolen many of the things he loved doing. "I loved writing letters, but now my writing is illegible," he sighed. "My collection of fountain pens and ink is redundant. It’s a pain in the bum."