While a TV licence is required to watch or record live programming on any channel not just the BBC, some benefits enable Britons to waive the licence fee. Brushing up on the rules could save households £159 a year.  Most people in the UK will have to fork out for a TV licence every year costing them £159. However, more than half a million Britons are paying this money unnecessarily because they don’t know that they are entitled to watch TV for free. Not all benefits make someone eligible, however anyone claiming Pension Credit who is 75 and over will qualify. The problem is that over half a million older people who are receiving the state pension aren’t claiming Pension Credit, despite the fact that the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) believes they are entitled to. READ MORE: Can you get Carer’s Allowance if you work? Thousands missing out Latest figures from charity Turn2us show that 589,000 older people are not claiming Pension Credit which opens the door to a free TV licence. To qualify for Pension Credit someone needs to be earning less than £177.10 per week or £270.30 for a couple. This extra Government assistance could add up to £3,120 over the course of a year and open the door to gateway benefits like a free TV licence and help towards the cost of energy bills. Furthermore, anyone who lives in the same household as someone who receives Pension Credit won’t need to fork out for a TV licence either. DON'T MISS:State pension sum may be affected if you have workplace pension [INSIGHT]State pension: 500,000 Britons will not receive increase in April [WARNING]Cold Weather Payments: Full list of eligible postcodes [UPDATE] It’s not just retirees who are forking out for a TV licence unnecessarily. Blind or sight impaired people, or anyone living in the same household, are entitled to a 50 percent reduction on their bill. Care home residents are charged a concessionary rate of £7.50, while over-75s in residences that have ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Meanwhile, the Government is considering scrapping the BBC licence fee altogether which could mean that no-one has to pay the fee in the future. As well as qualifying for a free licence, people on Pension Credit could also get help towards Council Tax. It could mean their bill is written off completely and also enables people to claim thousands of pounds in housing benefit. To help Britons survive the cost of living crisis and pay for soaring energy bills, there’s also the Cold Weather Payment and Winter Fuel Payment schemes. Not to mention help via free prescriptions and dental treatment which are usually available to people on low incomes and those receiving Pension Credit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Who can get a free or discounted TV licence?