Known to be significantly high in salt content, processed meats – such as hot dogs, bacon, and sausages – should only be eaten in moderation in order to reduce high blood pressure risk. Senior Dietitian Victoria Taylor confirmed: "Processed meats are often high in salt." Taylor continued: "Eating a lot could raise cholesterol levels and blood pressure." The dietician added that "this doesn't mean that you have to give up processed meat altogether". This is because "a healthy diet isn't dependent on single foods or nutrients". However, healthier dietary options involve "plant-based protein, such as lentils, nuts and seeds". Processed meat Experts at WebMD noted that "lunch meat" contains around 750 milligrams or more of sodium per serving, e.g. six thin slices. READ MORE: Bowel cancer – Two sensations indicative of a growing cancerous tumour – 'don't ignore' 1570639 Examples of processed meat also include ham, salami and pâtés. Dr Melinda Ratini verified that eating too much processed meat is linked to heart disease, diabetes, and cancer. What's an ideal blood pressure reading? The NHS certified that an ideal blood pressure reading is between 90/60mmHg and 120/80mmHg. If you are unaware of your blood pressure reading, you can get a reading done at your local pharmacy, at the doctor's clinic, or alternatively you could buy a blood pressure monitor. The NHS explained: "If your blood pressure is too high, it puts extra strain on your blood vessels, heart and other organs, such as the brain, kidneys and eyes. "Persistent high blood pressure can increase your risk of a number of serious and potentially life-threatening health conditions." Examples include: If you do have high blood pressure, aside from minimising your intake of processed meat, there are other steps you can take. Lifestyle measures could quite literally save your life if you commit to them daily. For instance, if you prioritise exercise everyday, this will work wonders for your health. Although it is recommended to do 30 minutes of daily exercise, at least five times per week, even moving a little bit everyday is better than nothing. Other measures include restricting caffeine consumption, not smoking, and cutting back on alcohol.