The hacking group issued the stark announcement on its Twitter account on Thursday. It said: "The Anonymous collective is officially in cyber war against the Russian government." Anonymous later claimed members had taken down the website of the Kremlin-backed TV channel RT which broadcasts in Britain. It tweeted: "#Anonymous has taken down the website of the #Russian propaganda station RT News | RT - Breaking news, shows, podcasts | in response to Kremlin's brutal invasion of #Ukraine." RT's website, however, appeared to be online when Express.co.uk accessed the site on Friday afternoon.  Anonymous has been linked to global online attacks which aim to punish governments over policies the hackers disapprove of. Its members are known as Anons and can be distinguished by their Guy Fawkes masks. They have mounted hacking campaigns against government agencies, child pornography websites and the Klu Klux Klan. The group's reported action comes as Ukraine's government asks for volunteers from the country's hacker underground to help protect critical infrastructure and carry out cyber spying missions against Russian troops, according to two people involved in the project. As Russian forces attacked cities across Europe's second largest country, requests for volunteers began to appear on hacker forums on Thursday.  The post read: "Ukrainian cybercommunity! It's time to get involved in the cyber defense of our country." Yegor Aushev, co-founder of a cybersecurity company in Kyiv, said he wrote the post at the request of a senior Defence Ministry official who contacted him on Thursday. Mr Aushev's firm Cyber Unit Technologies is known for working with Ukraine's government on critical infrastructure defence. Another person directly involved in the effort confirmed that the request came from the Defence Ministry on Thursday morning.  READ MORE ABOUT BRITAIN BEING ON RED ALERT Representatives from the ministry did not respond to a request for comment. A defence attache at Ukraine's embassy in Washington told Reuters he could neither confirm nor deny information from Telegram channels. A newly discovered piece of destructive software was found circulating in Ukraine on Wednesday, hitting hundreds of computers, according to researchers at the cyber-security firm ESET. Suspicion fell on Russia which has repeatedly been accused of hacks against Ukraine and other countries. The victims included government agencies and a financial institution. Russia has denied the allegations. British Defence minister Baroness Goldie said on Friday that cyber attacks are expected in the UK.  DON'T MISS: POLL: Do royal scandals bother you, or is monarchy strong as ever? [POLL] Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight' [REVEALED] 'Evil monstrous tyrant' Putin about to unleash HELL on Earth [LATEST] She told peers in the House of Lords: "It goes without saying that our thoughts and prayers remain with the Ukrainian people, many of whom have family and friends in the UK, and will now find themselves under attack for no reason whatsoever. "But at the same time we remain on guard. While there is no indication at present that Russia intends to directly target British or Nato forces, we should expect their forces and proxies to launch cyber attacks and misinformation campaigns, seeking opportunities to embarrass the UK or Nato and to undermine our resolve.  "We stand ready to protect our country against any threats, whether conventional or in cyberspace. However, I'm afraid there's no disguising the fact that a dark new chapter has opened in our history." Prime Minister Boris Johnson told MPs on Friday that the West will face consequences for standing with Ukraine. He said: "Last Saturday, I warned that this invasion would have global economic consequences and this morning the oil price has risen strongly.  "The Government will do everything possible to safeguard our own people from the repercussions for the cost of living. "And, of course, we stand ready to protect our country from any threats including in cyberspace." 