As Lewis Hamilton gears up for the start of another new F1 season, the Brit is still going strong. He recently finished fastest on day three of testing, sending an ominous message to rivals such as Max Verstappen in the process. And it’s clear he’s become the sport’s very own version of Cristiano Ronaldo as the commencement of another captivating campaign creeps closer. Hamilton set his best time late on the final day of the three-day testing stint in Barcelona on Friday, proving he’s still very much the man to beat in the process, although Verstappen also produced a strong time on a slower tyre. Still Hamilton's quickest lap, certainly, bodes well as he seeks revenge for Verstappen’s title triumph in Abu Dhabi last time out. And comparisons can definitely be made between Hamilton and Manchester United’s Ronaldo as the new season creeps closer. At the start of the season, many cast doubt over whether Ronaldo was still capable of staying at the top upon returning to Old Trafford. With the Portugal international entering the twilight years of his career, some thought he wouldn’t have the hunger, desire of talent to make the difference. But while United have endured a wretched campaign, Ronaldo has been a shining light. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Though performances have admittedly waned under Ralf Rangnick, the 37-year-old has notched a respectable 15 goals across all competitions. That’s more than any other player, with Ronaldo outscoring the likes of Bruno Fernandes and Mason Greenwood - while putting the likes of Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho to shame. And some have questioned whether Hamilton still has the ability to compete with F1’s best, with Red Bull’s Helmut Marko saying: “I can hardly imagine that he can drive at this level for much longer. “He's at his peak now and age is starting to come into play.” Criticism, and doubt, has always made Ronaldo stronger. He’s responded time and time to adversity, with his recent stunner against Brighton coming at a time where United really needed him to step up. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Hamilton will be looking to prove his own doubters wrong when the new F1 season commences in Bahrain next month. And other comparisons between the sporting icons can be made, too. Both Hamilton and Ronaldo are poster boys of F1 and football respectively. And that’s backed up by their Instagram followers, with both men head and shoulders above anybody else operating in their field. The duo are serial winners, too. Hamilton has won seven F1 titles throughout his glittering career, with his first triumph coming back in 2008 when he raced for McLaren. And Ronaldo has claimed a massive 32 trophies during his own spell in sport, including seven league titles, five Champions Leagues and the European Championships with Portugal. Another comparison to be made between the two men is that they’re both aware their time at the top may be drawing to a close. Hamilton has previously said he’s contemplated retirement, saying in 2020: “That thought [retirement] often happens to me. It’s like a wave. “It comes and goes, there have been many occasions in the last four or five years when I didn’t know if I still wanted to try, sacrifice myself with training at the expense of personal life. “There are other things I like to do. So many things I would like to try. But on the other hand I tell myself that I am so lucky to be doing this job. “In a rather long period of time, the career in the car becomes only a small part, there is a lot of time to retire. It is a question of finding the balance. “I tell myself that if I am still hungry and I train like I was a boy, which I am doing, and if I still get great results and I’m still hungry... “If I find myself slower, lacking strength to train, and unmotivated, then I’ll know it’s time to stop.” And Ronaldo, speaking in midweek, said: “It’s hard to say that I don’t want more, because if I’m at a club that gives me the opportunity to win more things, why not? “I know I don’t have many years left playing, four or five more, we’ll see, and I want to win more things.” Hamilton and Ronaldo are two veterans. And, as the Brit prepares to go again in F1, he’ll be hoping to do what his fellow golden oldie has done at United this term by still going strong despite his age.