Some individuals may feel far removed from the ongoing crisis in Ukraine as Russia has invaded the country. However, it could have an impact financially on individuals in the UK. This is because the invasion of Ukraine has caused a staggering hit to markets this week. Markets took a tumble when the news broke concerning the conflict. This, coupled with the news of rising inflation has meant things do not look good for pension savers at the moment. But according to one expert, “volatility” in the markets was already on the rise this year. READ MORE: Martin Lewis explains how you can secure £150 off council tax bills Interest rates and central banks withdrawing monetary policy have also had an impact on pension investments. Emma-Lou Montgomery at Fidelity International has urged action for people in differing situations. For those on the cusp of retirement, Ms Montgomery advises holding tight. She said: “By selling falling assets, you’re more likely to lock in losses and erode your pension savings, than you may if you stay invested and wait for the turbulence to run its course. DON'T MISSPension warning as forgotten savings could be ‘raided’ [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson urged to axe green taxes on energy bills [UPDATE]Pension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' [INSIGHT] “Easier said than done, but the key is not to take knee-jerk action.” As markets can often fluctuate, even in the short term, staying invested could help to ride out peaks and troughs. Individuals who are already in retirement and taking income through drawdown may wish to temporarily reduce their income. Ms Montgomery explained: “Much like an investor still growing their pension pot, if you drawdown too much money during a market fall you will miss the chance to recoup any losses when markets pick back up. “If you can push through the short-term downturn by effectively doing very little with your investments for now, you have a good chance of benefitting from the eventual recovery and get through this without volatility hitting your capital.” Whereas those who have an annuity may have a bit more certainty as it locks in a guaranteed income for life. This idea, coupled with the fact annuity rates have been rising recently, may add an incentive to this pension option. But a combination of the two options could also work during times of volatility, Ms Montgomery stressed. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is because annuities offer certainty while drawdown offers flexibility and potential growth when markets begin to look better. Regardless of the decision a person ultimately chooses, it is likely they will need assistance. Some may choose to use the Government’s PensionWise service, or the website MoneyHelper. While others will be seeking their own financial adviser to offer an in-depth and tailored perspective on their pension savings.