Dancing on Ice saw the celebrities take on their biggest challenge yet during prop week with Coronation Street star Sally Dynevor using a hairdresser's chair. Whilst her performance wowed the audiences, it left the judges with some harsh criticism and left the viewers fuming as they claimed she hardly skated on her own and relied on the chair too much. After dancing to You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real) by Sylvester Sally and partner Matt Evers joined the judges to get their feedback. All four judges agreed that Sally could have done a bit more skating without the chair and felt she was dependent on it being there. Christopher Dean commented: "You performed it well, you had good character, you used the prop, a lot..." To which Matt hit back: "That's the challenge." READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Christopher continued: "Well, combining with a bit of skating as well, and it was very limited on the skating, but what a memory seeing you and Sean [Anthony Cotton] out there on the ice together, that was a real moment thank you." Oti Mabuse said: "I am going to agree with everyone on the panel, I would have liked to see a little bit more skating. "But besides that, you are the Queen of performance, and how you just embody every single character every single week is beautiful. "You really show off your face and your acting, and I loved it so well done." Viewers of the show agreed with the judge's comments and took to Twitter to express their thoughts and opinions on Sally's performance. Ryan Glendenning said: "No way was that routine worth a 6.5 for Sally. If there wasn't a lot of skating, as Jayne pointed out, then why not score her lower. The judges are too scared to score her below a 5.0 #DancingOnIce." Geoffrey Gibson wrote: "Teaching sally her routine must be easy, she only skates for 5 seconds each week #DancingOnIce." @MapOfThe_ARMY fumed: "Sally literally did two steps of skating, and even that was holding hands. The rest was in a lift, the chair, or just being dragged around... and still got 6.5??? #dancingonice." DON'T MISS...Dancing On Ice: Sally Dynevor dealt blow before live show [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice favouritism row as Sally Dynevor saved from elimination [LATEST]Dancing On Ice 2022: Matt Evers dealt blow after Sally Dynevor’s fall  [WATCH] 1572057 @glitterballsuki commented: "But how does sally get a chair so she can sit down almost all of the routine while Kimberly has a silk that could easily go wrong." Georgia Jane Petty added: "Antony Cotton was the best bit about Sally's limited routine #DancingOnIce." However, Carol McGee disagreed and defended her skating: "Well done to Sally for giving it a good go! All people moaning if you want to watch established skaters watch the Olympics #dancingonice." With James Howlams agreeing: "People slating Sally for sitting on a chair, not being funny, but you try doing what she just done on a chair ON ICE! Think people forget that fact!" (sic). Unfortunately for Sally, her time in the competition came to an end after the judges decided to save Kye Whyte and Tippy Packard. Talking to hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about her time on the show, Sally said: "I have had the time of my life. "I can't tell you how much I have loved doing this show, it has been brilliant, and there are so many people I want to thank." Turning to Matt, she said: "And Matt, who honestly I couldn't have got through this without you, you have been such a strength to me, and I have loved every second with you, and I am going to miss you so much." Dancing on Ice airs Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV.