Starz’s hit romance series Outlander is set to return to screens in March with its highly anticipated sixth season which will see the return of Caitriona Balfe as time-travelling nurse Claire Fraser. The actress recently opened up about motherhood and spoke about her parenting struggles. Balfe was a recent guest on The Kelly Clarkson Show to promote her new film ‘Belfast.’ Speaking to host Kelly Clarkson, the actress lifted the lid on her recent venture into motherhood as well as the struggles she has faced. Balfe revealed she had returned to work eight weeks after giving birth to her son, to which a shocked Clarkson responded: “I took three months and I still think I should've taken more.” The 42-year-old actress first announced the birth of her son on Instagram, in August 2021 with a photo of her son’s hand. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? She wrote: “I’ve been off socials for a while as I was taking some time to enjoy cooking up this little human” as she revealed her and husband Anthony McGill had welcomed their baby. As Clarkson listed the different challenges new parents faced, Balfe remarked: “Wow, sleep training, we’re just going through now. “I don’t know, I think like everybody you sort of get into bad habits.” When Clarkson pressed for more information, Balfe disclosed: “I mean, not putting him down awake.” After clarifying it was a technique for a baby to self soothe, Balfe stated: “The way it was explained to me is your giving a gift to them. Clarkson agreed: “Exactly, that’s how it was explained to me.” The actress continued: “As a parent, you’re sort of so anxious and you’re like ‘Oh my God, they’re crying I need to step in,’ but you’re stopping them from learning a really important skill.” Clarkson shared her own experience, and added: “Somebody told me that, everybody gives you so many books and so much advice and it’s like the one thing that really stuck.” DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]Outlander deleted scene: Brianna Fraser fears Jamie and Claire's death [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6: Laoghaire returns to help Marsali? [THEORY] With her son less than six months old, Balfe was pregnant while the cast was filming season six of Outlander. In a separate interview with The Observer, the actress opened up about the challenges of being pregnant and portraying the challenging themes. She said: “Claire’s story was very heavy this season, and it’s very heavy material as well. “So I was just like, ‘Does your body know if you’re pretending to be stressed and upset and angry?’” Balfe explained: “Because you’re going through all the motions to get yourself into a state where you’re crying or shouting or scared, and there were times where I must have been four or five months pregnant and I’m running around shooting guns. “And I’m like, ‘What does this child think?’ “It must be like, ‘Who the f**k is my mother? What am I being born into?’” Thankfully, Outlander fans will soon be able to see the heavy themes Claire is set to be going through, considering her brutal attack in season five. Outlander season 6 will premiere on Starz on the US on Sunday 6th March 2022 and will be available on Starzplay in the UK.