ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus and his wife, Lena Kallersjo, have separated after 41 years of marriage. The former couple, who share two children, have parted ways but “remain good friends.” They released a joint statement confirming the news. They said: “After many fine and eventful years, we have decided to divorce. “We remain close and good friends and will continue to celebrate our grandchildren’s birthdays and other family celebrations together.” Björn shared daughters Emma, 40, and Anna, 35, with his second wife Lena. He also has two children - Linda, 48, and Peter, 44 - from his first marriage to bandmate Agnetha Fältskog, 71. Agnetha and Björn started working together again months ago after ABBA reunited to work on a new album. The recently released record, Voyage, marked the legendary pop group’s first output in four decades. Voyage is the group's ninth studio album.  The Swedish quartet was formed in 1972 and had its biggest breakthrough just two years later in 1974. They won that year’s Eurovision Song Contest with their now-famous song Waterloo. Björn recently spoke out about ABBA’s beginnings and the hurdles they had to overcome to achieve their worldwide fame. Björn said: "We sent tapes to record companies in the UK and US and other places and nothing came of it. DON'T MISS...Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [LATEST]Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [HEALTH]Gardeners' World's Monty Don worries fans with Longmeadow storm damage [UPDATE] "The only ones who released any ABBA music certainly before Waterloo was Playboy Records, who released a song called People Need Love." (Via The Mirror) However, the name of their record label had been popularised by adult magazine of the same name, which came into prominence in the 1980s. And being associated with the Playboy brand posed some issues for ABBA, Björn admitted. He said: “On the label, it said Björn and Benny and Swedish girl. "It was in the soft-porn period and they assumed anything coming out of Sweden had to do with that." But Björn said ABBA’s popularity helped shape the future of Swedish pop music. He explained: "We opened the door for sure. “After we won the Eurovision Song Contest we showed Swedish musicians and producers and writers it can be done."