Love is Blind season two aired its final batch of episodes this week (February 25) on Netflix. Fans will be pleased to hear a reunion TV special will drop on March 4, when they will be updated on everyone's progress. Here's all you need to know about which couples are still together following the finale. It was always love at first sight for Iyanna and Jarette and they were excited to start the rest of their journey together. Iyanna told viewers this was just the beginning, adding: "We have so much more to do. But oh my god, this is a great start." Both stars are on Instagram and they still follow each other to this day, with many fans hoping they are still together. They have not confirmed either way but viewers will find out soon in the reunion. READ MORE: 'We had to take them out' Love Is Blind creator shares secrets Nick and Danielle also made the decision to go ahead with their marriage, with Nick having no doubts this was the right girl for him. He said he was glad they had found each other and he could not wait for them to spend the rest of their lives together. Nick commented on one of Danielle's Instagram posts saying he was "always proud" of her. The pair have been through a lot together, so fans hope they have been able to stay strong. Shayne and Natalie are not likely to be together as they decided not to go through with their wedding. He had been caught up in a love triangle with Shaina Hurley from the outset and it did not set things in good stead. Although Shayne and Natalie admitted they cared deeply about each other, the issues they had to overcome were too big. Shayne said he still loved her but was disappointed with the way she felt. DON'T MISS... Love Is Blind Season 2: Natalie Lee turned down secret proposal [INSIGHT] Love is Blind season 2: Are Iyanna and Jarrette still together? [EXPLAINER] Love is Blind’s Danielle blasts Netflix’s ‘inaccurate’ portrayal [INTERVIEW] Deepti and Shake agreed not to go through with their wedding, with Shake having doubts from the start. They seem to have ended things on good terms as they still follow each other on social media. Deepti shared an update saying she was still good friends with her female cast members. So hopefully the experience is one they can both remember in a positive way. Mallory and Sal also decided to call off the wedding, with Sal saying he needed more time to think. Mallory said she could tell her partner was not 100 per cent sure, but the pair decided to go on a date outside of the show. They have not been seen together since but there is a chance they have been out as friends. Still, the likelihood of them being a romantic couple is looking slim.  The pair left the experiment in episode six so there is no doubt they have continued to go their separate ways. In fact, Kyle confirmed on Instagram they had not seen each other since. He concluded: "No matter the outcome, this special bond I share with Shaina will be forever kept in mind, until the end of time." The reunion should clear up who has continued to maintain their romantic relationship.  Love is Blind season 2 is on Netflix now. A reunion episode will air on March 4.