Jimmy Carr’s new Netflix special, His Dark Material, came under fire this month due to a joke about travellers which many viewers claimed was racist. Fellow comic Jack Dee appeared on Good Morning Britain on Monday and defended the routine, as he felt the state shouldn’t have to intervene with offensive jokes. Viewers were outraged by a moment in Jimmy’s new special in which he joked the killing of travellers was a benefit of the Holocaust. His comment sparked uproar on social media, but there has also been considerable debate about whether comedians should be censored for offensive material. On Monday’s Good Morning Britain, Richard Madeley asked Radio 4 mainstay what he thought of the resulting furore. He explained: “I think these things come round and they go. Jimmy set it up as an unacceptable thing to say.” READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Jimmy’s new special intentionally pushed the boundaries of what can be said during a comedy routine, though some viewers felt a number of gags went too far. However, other viewers have pointed out the special was released over Christmas, and the backlash only erupted when the joke started trending several weeks later. “A month later someone got hold of it and tried to make a storm out of very little,” Jack added. The comedian suggested the joke’s offensive subject matter wasn’t a big deal. He went on to add it was up to the audience whether or not the risqué material was funny, and there shouldn’t be official rules placed on what can’t be said on stage. He continued: “The bigger question, really, is what we do with jokes like that? “And do we want the state to intervene on what can be said and what can’t be said? “I think we don’t want that. I think we’re a sophisticated and discerning enough an audience to be able to decipher ourselves without having to call the cops.” DON'T MISS:Bridgerton star shuts down Strictly Come Dancing rumours [COMMENT]GMB fans blast ‘scaremongering’ Dr Hilary over Covid rule scrap [REACTION]Jane McDonald devastation as childhood memory destroyed [VIDEO] Jack has been the chairman of the comedy radio series I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue since 2009, which is also known for peppering adult humour and innuendos throughout the pre-watershed programme. Contrastly, Jimmy’s platform on the age-restricted streaming service Netflix allowed him to tackle issues such as sexual assault and Black Lives Matter with his signature provocative and explicit style. He also made sure to warn the audience at the start of the special, saying: “Before we start, a quick trigger warning, tonight's show contains jokes about terrible things. “Terrible things that may have affected you and the people that you love.” “But these are just jokes, they're not the terrible things." Those in the Roma community have criticised the special as well as the government for not coming down harder on what they have called “hate speech” against travellers. Prime Minister Boris Johnson responded by condemning the joke and claimed legislation is being pushed through to hold streaming services accountable for potentially dangerous content. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.