Lando Norris was certainly enjoying himself at McLaren's pre-season testing session on Monday, as the Englishman shared a number of amusing posts on his Instagram story teasing his teammate Daniel Ricciardo. Norris and Ricciardo were back on the track to test out the new McLaren car ahead of the upcoming 2022 campaign. And whilst it was Ricciardo’s turn to get behind the wheel, Norris had plenty of fun at the Australian’s expense on his Instagram account. After Ricciardo entered the pits after flying round the empty Barcelona track, his teammate shared a video with the caption: “P1 one for Daniel!!! “Absolutely incredible what a start to the season.” JUST IN: F1 fans call for Russian Grand Prix boycott as Ukraine war threat escalates The youngster’s fun did not stop there though, as he was quick to upload another joking clip of his teammate as he headed back onto the track for more testing. Along with a video of Ricciardo pulling out of the pits, Norris wrote: “Going for back to back poles here. “Still currently the only driver here today though.” Norris then capped off his joke with a video of the Australian speeding past him with the caption: “OMG Wooooooow. DON'T MISS...Hamilton's touching message to brother as Nicolas sits in Mercedes W13Horner hits out at Hamilton and Mercedes actions over Masi actionsLewis Hamilton piles pressure on FIA and outlines wanted outcome “He’s so amazing. Goooo @DanielRicciardo.” The Englishman heads into the upcoming campaign having signed a long term deal with McLaren that will keep him there until 2025, with 2022 set to be his sixth year with the constructors. After signing his new deal, Norris had admitted that he felt he owed it to McLaren to pledge his loyalties to the Woking-based team. He said: “I feel like I owe it to McLaren.  “I owe a lot to McLaren and I just want to be part of that journey and make sure I know I’m in a good place in year two, year three, year four for this contract I’m on,” per GPFans. “That and of course, I just really like it here. It’s very enjoyable. “I love the people I work with and at this moment in time, I don’t want to change things. I don’t need to go to other teams and so on.”