Eating a balanced diet is one of the best ways to control cholesterol. Any number of diets can be effective at lowering an individual’s cholesterol, but what about the vegan diet? Cholesterol charity Heart UK provides some guidance on this matter. They said: “Eating plenty of plant foods is a key part of managing raised cholesterol. Whilst [vegan diets] are generally thought to be healthy, it’s important to make sure you’re eating enough the key nutrients and avoiding foods that are high in saturated fat.” READ MORE: Diabetes: The spice known to decrease blood glucose spikes  A vegan diet is defined as one where the individual does not eat any animal products at all. Heart UK includes a number of tips for those on a plant-based diet aiming to reduce their raised cholesterol. The charity recommends including omega-3 fatty acids into the diet with some plant-based foods acting as good alternatives to fish. Ground linseeds, linseed oil, and walnuts are considered sound methods of raising omega-3 intake.  Other ways to include omega-3 levels include cooking “with rapeseed oil or olive oil". Heart UK suggests that certain oils, such as coconut and palm, should be avoided due to their high saturated fat content.  So too should shea butter, coconut-based alternatives to yoghurt, cheese alternatives made with coconut oil, creamed coconut, sauces based on coconut milk, and shredded coconut. While the vegan diet is an effective way to lower cholesterol, some choose to include a vegan diet with other dietary habits to create a balance. A famous individual who uses this method is Arnold Schwarzenegger who says that he has been eating a mostly plant-based diet. Although the former bodybuilder and star of the Terminator franchise consumes a mostly plant-based diet, the star does leave room for treats. This highlights the key behind a healthy diet, that is there is no one best way, the most important factor is that the diet is balanced. Furthermore, the key to how well a diet works is the amount of exercise conducted alongside it.