Back when he was an Eastenders star, Joe Swash was "free and easy" and living the high life. Now, however, he's assured the world that wife-to-be Stacey Solomon and their children are his future - and he's abandoned the party lifestyle altogether. The 40-year-old TV star has matured significantly since he started his Eastenders role as Mickey Miller aged just 21. He now has two children with Loose Women and X-Factor star Stacey - son Rex and baby daughter Rose. He also has another son, Harry, from a previous relationship, and he is stepdad to Stacey's two eldest sons, Leighton and Zachary - so it's safe to say much of his current lifestyle involves family. Looking back at the party-fuelled lifestyle of his younger years, Joe seemed to barely recognise himself. READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "When I first got on EastEnders I was like the ginger kid who could suddenly get into nightclubs, and I was free and easy, and I really enjoyed that period of time," he told The Sun. "And then you grow up, and I had Harry, met Stacey, we’ve got Rex and Rose, and Zach and Leighton. "When I look back it feels like a different person. I could never imagine going out and getting drunk [now]!" As they balance family life, Joe and Stacey have together taken on the mammoth task of renovating their "forever home" together, Pickle Cottage. "Me and Stacey try so hard to keep this house warm and friendly and happy, let the kids express themselves," he added to the same publication. "I love my family, they’re my biggest priority." Stacey has warmly reciprocated his feelings, decorating and spray-painting rooms in their home, as she gushed on Instagram: "You’re always doing everything you can to make us happy so making your man cave was just the best project ever. "You mean everything to us. You’re the best dad, best friend & fiancé we could ever wish for." DON'T MISS: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST] Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil [INSIGHT] David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' [DEBATE] Joe grew up in an all-female household, which allowed him to appreciate the importance of women's roles and he wants Stacey to know that, as a believer in feminism, he'll be there for her needs. "It’s something that’s been important to me for a long time because I grew up with women," he explained. "My dad passed away when I was a kid so it was always me, my mum and my sisters - I watched my mum bring us up all by herself and how independent she is. "[Then] I met Stacey, who’s exactly the same. Stacey and my mum are like peas in a pod, fiercely independent and I wouldn't want it any other way." He added: "The more awareness we can bring to it; the [more the] young generation of men [will see] how important this is. I’m a big champion for women’s rights." Meanwhile, Joe is also heavily committed to helping his eldest son Harry, now 14, to pursue his dream of following in his father's footsteps as an actor. He is keen to nurture him to succeed in spite of the pair sharing the condition dyslexia. "Reading was some mythical thing for me. I could never just pick up a book and read it. I was so jealous of people that could," Joe admitted, "It was always a struggle [as] a young actor and... I was always very anxious someone was going to spring [a script] on me and say: 'Can you read this?' However, he is proudly watching Harry, who attends a drama school "going down the same sort of path as me", adding: "We’re so similar it’s scary!"