A defiant trumpeter took to the streets and launched into a rendition of Ukraine's national anthem to the applause of their neighbours as Ukrainian forces hit back at attacking Russia. Footage emerged online showing an empty and snow-covered street in the north-eastern city of Sumy as the notes of the anthem are played out. At the end of the performance, people can be heard cheering from their balconies and screaming out in support of Ukraine. Ukraine has mounted a fierce defence of its territory since Vladimir Putin ordered an effective invasion of the country on Thursday morning. Kyiv and other major cities across Ukraine have been subjected to heavy fire, with locals still in the city forced to seek shelter in subway stations to avoid shelling. President Volodymyr Zelensky has maintained his country will continue to fight on but appealed for further help from NATO to push back against the Russian attack. The Ukrainian leader said so far 137 Ukrainians have lost their lives since the arrival of Russian troops, including 13 personnel guarding Snake Island in the Black Sea who refused to surrender to the Russian Navy. JUST IN: Putin's worst nightmare begins as 'significant' NATO onslaught unleashed Ukrainian officials said Russian forces fired cruise missiles from the Black Sea at Mariupol, as well as Sumy in the northeast and Poltava in the east. Kyiv authorities said a missile hit a residential building and a Reuters witness said another hit an area near the airport. Ukrainian authorities have urged citizens to help defend Kyiv from the advancing Russian forces but even as the fighting grew more intense, the Russian and Ukrainian governments signalled an openness to negotiations, offering the first glimmer of hope for diplomacy since Russian President Vladimir Putin launched the invasion. The air force command earlier reported heavy fighting near an airbase at Vasylkiv southwest of the capital, which it said was under attack from Russian paratroopers. READ MORE: Gunfire echoes across Kyiv as battle for capital edges closer - 'Moving towards endgame' The international community has announced a swathe of sanctions on Moscow, including blacklisting its banks and banning technology exports. But they have stopped short of forcing it out of the SWIFT system for international bank payments. The United States imposed sanctions on Putin, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu, and Chief of General Staff Valery Gerasimov. Brussels and Britain also froze any assets Putin and Lavrov held in their territory, with Canada following shortly after. The invasion triggered a flurry of credit rating moves on Friday, with S&P lowering Russia's rating to "junk" status, Moody's putting it on review for a downgrade to junk, and S&P and Fitch swiftly cutting Ukraine on default worries. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: EU savaged for protecting diamonds in Russia sanctions Starmer crackdown on anti-NATO youth wing after Boris 'warmonger' jibe BBC audience member shamed for blaming Ukraine war on Brexit Moscow said on Friday they offered to meet with President Zelensky in the Belarusian capital Minsk. Mr Zelensky's spokesman Sergii Nykyforov said in a Facebook post: "Ukraine was and remains ready to talk about a ceasefire and peace. "We agreed to the proposal of the President of the Russian Federation." US State Department spokesman Ned Price said Russia's offer was an attempt to conduct diplomacy "at the barrel of a gun" and Russia must stop bombing Ukraine if it was serious about negotiations. At the United Nations, Russia vetoed a draft Security Council resolution that would have deplored its invasion, while China abstained, which Western countries took as proof of Russia's isolation. The United Arab Emirates and India also abstained while the remaining 11 members voted in favour. The White House asked Congress for $6.4 billion in security and humanitarian aid for the crisis, officials said, and Biden instructed the US State Department to release $350 million in military aid.