Formula 1 star Valtteri Bottas insists his decision to join Alfa Romeo ahead of the 2022 season was ultimately driven by his desire to try something new. The Finn left Mercedes to make way for George Russell, while Bottas replaces compatriot Kimi Raikkonen after the 2007 world champion retired from the sport. Before deciding to join Alfa Romeo, Bottas also held talks with his former team Williams. The British team gave Bottas his chance in F1 back in 2013, and he impressed during his four seasons at the team. He joined Mercedes ahead of the 2017 season as a replacement for the retiring world champion Nico Rosberg. Instead of returning to familiar surroundings at Grove, Bottas opted to for a stint with Alfa, whose team principal Fred Vasseur previously worked with the Finn in both F3 and GP3. JUST IN: George Russell explains what Toto Wolff must do to give revenge Across his five years with Mercedes, Bottas won 10 Grands Prix and - alongside Lewis Hamilton - formed a formidable partnership as the Silver Arrows claimed five consecutive Constrictors’ Championships. The Finn continuously faced an uncertain future with the German manufacturers as his seat was secured only by a number of rolling one-year deals. Bottas also found himself on the receiving end of team orders that favoured teammate Hamilton, often at the expense of his own race. While he is unlikely to be fighting for race wins at Alfa, the 32-year-old now has the security of a long-term contract, and is enjoying his new role as the team’s number one driver alongside rookie Guanyu Zhou. DON'T MISSLando Norris disagrees with Hamilton and Russell after F1 testingHaas reveal first choice driver to replace Nikita MazepinF1 insiders 'will be surprised' if Mercedes or Red Bull win Bahrain GP “Since I signed with Alfa Romeo, it feels like a fresh start and a new beginning,” Bottas told RacingNews365.com. “All the days at the factory I've been working, it's been really enjoyable actually having a proper effect on things. “When I say something, things happen, and it's like having a bit more power than [at Mercedes]. It's a good feeling.” Alfa Romeo officially unveiled their 2022 challenger on Sunday, and Bottas hopes his recent success with Mercedes can help propel his new team up the grid. “The team has had a very rough couple of years, so it hurts your confidence and your motivation,” he added. “So I feel a bit of responsibility to push the people a bit more and make them realise that a much better result is possible, so [it's about] trying to lift up the team and building the team together, that's a big thing for me. “I learned quite a bit about teamwork at Mercedes, but also from Mercedes, there's many technical things that I can bring with the set-up and settings of the car. “There's quite a few things that I've been able to introduce.” The 22-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.