Mercedes and Red Bull gave contrasting views of their performances at pre-season testing, perhaps stoking the fire regarding Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen’s rivalry ahead of the 2022 season. The upcoming F1 season is the ushering in of a new era, with new rules and regulations forcing teams to adjust their cars to capitalise on new technical innovations. The regulations have been designed to improve competition and parity within the sport after years of dominance from one or two teams and drivers - largely Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton. When Verstappen took to the track, there were several notable differences to the previously released images of the Red Bull car for the 2022 season. The sidepod features a large undercut as well as an intriguing diffuser. The radically different car at testing suggests Red Bull have implemented a clever ploy to hide aspects of their car that are very different to other 2022 cars. JUST IN: Max Verstappen 'on the verge' of signing mega-money new Red Bull deal It means bitter title rivals Mercedes are only just learning about the new designs now as Red Bull seek to claim an early advantage over the Silver Arrows. However, Red Bull boss Christian Horner was apprehensive when commenting on the success of the RB18 during the first day at the Circuit de Catalunya. The Milton Keynes-based outfit got sufficient data from Verstappen's 147 laps as the new car impressed. “I think the team have done a wonderful job, obviously balancing the pressures of last year and developing the current car,” Horner told Sky Sports. “We don't know how quick it is, but the initial feedback is positive. DON'T MISSToto Wolff opens up on ‘brutal’ tensions with Christian HornerLewis Hamilton accused of 'attention-seeking' after pre-season silenceHamilton and Verstappen warned about Alonso - 'Sooner or later' “It looks different to our competitors but only time will tell if we've got it right. Max was happy with the balance this morning. It's a get to know it process, before they get to work on performance.” As for Mercedes, their first day of testing was productive according to trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin. Traditionally, Mercedes rely on their power unit and strong chassis to drive the most laps during the testing period. However, Ferrari (153) and Red Bull (147) led the way, while Mercedes completed 127 laps - the same number as Alpine - split between both Hamilton and newcomer George Russell. “We got through a lot of work today and both drivers have been able to give us their initial impressions of the W13,” wrote Shovlin in Mercedes’ press release. “Overall the day has been surprisingly straightforward although looking up and down the pitlane, you can see how high the reliability standards are and most teams seemed to be running their programs without issue. “From a pace point of view it's too early to say where anyone stands, we've also got a few wrinkles to iron out in terms of balance and performance before really trying to put times on the board. However, our overall feeling from today is a good one and we're looking forward to making more progress tomorrow.” The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.