Maximising the amount of state pension someone can get could be vital to improving their retirement prospects. Britons could receive a big state pension boost via Specified Adult Childcare credits. The credits may be claimed by grandparents, or other family members who have cared for a child under 12, usually while their parent or main carer is working. In order to get the credits, the child’s parent or main carer must have claimed Child Benefit. The NI credit attached to the Child Benefit recipient is then transferred to the family member who provided care. Claims can be backdated all the way to the start of the scheme which started in 2011. This could allow someone to increase their state pension by a massive £2,340. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments due this winter - full list of eligible postcodes Even those who have provided care over the telephone or video, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, may be able to claim. People who have cared for a related child in this way can apply for NI credits for the financial years 2019 to 2020 and 2020 to 2021. There is one credit available for each Child Benefit recipient someone would receive a transfer from. This means people cannot claim twice if they cared for more than one child of the same parent or main carer, but if they cared for two children from two separate parents or main carers, they may be able to get two credits. DON'T MISSPIP explained: The full list of 19 conditions that may qualify for £608 a month from DWP [INSIGHT]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [GUIDE]State pensioners may see sum affected if they have a workplace or personal pension [WARNING] Britons may be able to claim Specified Adult Childcare credits if they meet the following criteria: An application form must be completed to apply for Specified Adult Childcare credits, with the following information: The applicant and the parent must both sign the application. This is important because the child’s parent or main carer agree to the application and confirm that: