Insulating our homes has become more important than ever as energy prices reach new heights for homeowners across the UK. More than 10 percent of the average home’s heat is lost through the floor, yet few people think to invest in better materials to trap precious warmth in their property. With everything from tiles to fluffy carpets to choose from, Express.co.uk spoke to Josh Barber at Flooring Superstore to find out the most cost-effective materials for your home. Rising energy bills have prompted thousands of homeowners to take steps to improve their property’s energy efficiency. Cavity wall insulation, loft insulation and double glazing are all prime targets for home improvements, yet flooring is often overlooked by cost-cutting Britons. While thick, fluffy carpets are the obvious update for colder homes, Josh Barber, buyer at Flooring Superstore explained that there is one key layer which you should never cut corners on. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Josh said: "Homeowners should always consider what goes on below foot when it comes to insulating the home. “By choosing the right flooring components, heat loss can be minimised, creating a warmer home and, in turn, reducing energy bills.” READ MORE: Energy crisis fears sent soar as prices could rise 100% more Whichever flooring type you choose, make sure you team it with the most appropriate underlay to get the most out of your material. Josh said: “Underlay – which can be used below carpets, laminate and wood flooring – is made up of millions of tiny fibres which are natural insulators, trapping the cold air that travels up through the floor to ensure it doesn't make its way into the home. “As a result, the home becomes naturally warmer – meaning less reliance on energy-intensive heat sources.” Investing in good quality underlay will provide a soft cushioning between the surface of your flooring and the surface you’re laying it on. To choose the most energy efficient layering, you should use the following tog ratings: Josh added: “Underlay extends the lifespan of a carpet or laminate floor by up to 50 percent; reduces noise levels and improves air quality, making a more comfortable and healthy home overall." DON'T MISS:Pensioners could get £500 boost if they claim Cold Weather Payments [LATEST]Your boilers age could be impacting the cost of your energy bills [INSIGHT]Money making tips: Side hustles where you can earn £500 [REVEAL] Perhaps the most obvious choice for a cosy and warming home, carpet offers a natural textured feel that is unmatched by hardwood or vinyl flooring. Josh explained: “Wool carpets are natural, fire resistant, warm and a popular choice in many homes, bringing a natural textured feel. “Alternatively, pile materials have tufted ends providing extra comfort underfoot.” Even if only selected rooms in the home are carpeted, there should be a noticeable difference in the warmth of your home when paired with the right underlay. Budget-friendly vinyl, classic hardwood and period tiles can all be made cost-effective with the right underlay, but there is one floor type that could trump them all. Josh told Express.co.uk: “EvoCore is one of the newest innovative flooring products on the market and with a broad range of styles. “The EvoCore 360 underlay helps to deliver additional thermal comfort while offering thermal resistance up to 0.6 tog, which also prevents mould.” You can still achieve the industrial look of traditional hard flooring, but with the added benefits of a low maintenance and waterproof surface.