Piers Morgan, 56, has found himself embroiled in a Twitter row with an Australian media adviser after he claimed the former Good Morning Britain host “failed in London” and therefore travelled to Australia. While Piers was in Oz he met his new colleagues at Sky News Australia and even had an encounter with Prime Minister Scott Morrison. Sharing a snap of himself shaking hands with the PM, Piers told his 7.9 million followers: “Great to meet Australia’s Prime Minister ⁦@ScottMorrisonMP⁩ at his office. “Had a fascinating 45 minute chat about Ukraine, China, cancel culture (not a fan), ⁦⁦Boris Johnson⁩ (big fan), cricket (the Ashes) and my new global TV show. “Thanks for your time, PM.” Media adviser Alex McKinnon then savaged the TalkTV star by saying: “The term for this is FILTH (failed in London, trying here).” READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Furious Piers swiftly hit back with: “When you say, ‘failed in London’, I trebled the ratings on Good Morning Britain and made it Britain’s number one breakfast show. “You should be thanking me for gracing you with my presence.” Piers’ meeting with Scott caused quite the stir in Australia and some criticised Scott for meeting with the talk show host. Australian Labour MP Stephen Jones tweeted: “Brisbane is under water, Lismore is about to be. SE NSW is bracing for a deluge. “Ukraine is under siege… but sure… spend 45 minutes with a talk show host." In an ironic twist of fate, Piers fired back that he had also spent 45 minutes with Labour leader Anthony Albanese the night before. The host quipped: “Well, this is awkward. “I also spent 45 minutes the night before with @AlboMP. “Are you angry with him?” DON'T MISSThe Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion[LATEST]Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him[NEWS] Piers also clarified that he had met both politicians earlier in the week before the Queensland floods and before Russia invaded Ukraine. He arrived in Australia last week and shared a snap of a promotional photo for his new Sky News show with the caption: “My kinda promo. “Great to meet all my new Sky News Australia colleagues in Sydney today. Can’t wait to get started on the new global show.” He then shared a clip of an empty TV studio covered with photos of his face as he joined Today show hosts, Karl Stefanovic and Allison Langdon. Piers joked: “Now THIS is how to make me feel welcome! Thanks @karlstefanovic_ @allisonlangdon - really enjoyed showing Karl how to host a breakfast show.” In a separate post, he wrote: “Great to be back on breakfast TV again.. even if I did have to fly 10,000 miles to find a morning show that would let me express my opinions! Thanks for having ne @karlstefanovic_ @allisonlangdon - you guys are a class act.” (sic)