Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will not face pressure from Roman Abramovich over his decision to drop Romelu Lukaku if he keeps winning matches, according to former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan. Chelsea's club-record signing Lukaku was left out of the side for the 2-0 Champions League last-16 first leg win over Lille on Tuesday. Lukaku sat on the bench as Chelsea comfortably beat the French side thanks to goals from Kai Havertz and Christian Pulisic. Tuchel said he dropped the Belgian because he was mentally and physically tired. Lukaku made just seven touches in the entirety of Chelsea's 1-0 win at Crystal Palace on Saturday, which led to widespread criticism of the £97.5million man. He has scored just five Premier League goals so far since his return to Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Man Utd star Fred told to 'shut up' after midfielder questions 'bad' planning from club  Jordan says the only person who can question Tuchel's decision to leave out Lukaku is Abramovich. He claims the pressure from Abramovich is clearly not there yet but that is because Chelsea won on Tuesday. Jordan believes if results go south then the Russian will question the use of Lukaku. "Maybe you will find that the narrative will change when he plays him in the League Cup final," Jordan said on talkSPORT. DON'T MISSGary Lineker's transfer message to Leicester over Lille star hijacked by Alan Shearer [SOCIAL]Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]Arsenal must heed Paul Pogba warning to avoid Rio Ferdinand prediction [COMMENT]  "Look, the object of the aim is for a coach to manage the individuals and the team. "The outcome is Chelsea win a game - they've won a game. "The story is that Lukaku hasn't played and that story will rumble on like most stories do in the media because that's the divisive point of the argument. "Lukaku's job is to emphasise the reasons why he was bought. If the manager's under no pressure from the owner... the owner sits there and goes 'I bought a £98m footballer, you're not playing him'.  "If he's not under that pressure, why is it anyone else's job to create the pressure? "Because the only person who should be saying to Thomas Tuchel 'hang on, I've got a problem with this', is the guy that wrote the cheque out for £98m." Jordan says Tuchel will want to get Lukaku back playing to his best but insists he is currently doing his job as a head coach in terms of being successful on the pitch. He continued: "Chelsea are winning football matches and that's the job of the manager.  "Of course you want to get the individual on board as well because there are individuals in a team. "But if Thomas Tuchel doesn't have a problem with it, and Roman Abramovich doesn't have a problem with it, why does anyone else need to have a problem with it?" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 