Data from the Department for Transport shows many parts of the UK have received little to no funding for new electric car charging points. Data shows parts of Scotland, the South West, Northern Ireland and Yorkshire have received no funding as part of the Government’s On-Street Residential Chargepoint Scheme (ORCS). Meanwhile, 11 London Boroughs are yet to review any installations or funding as part of the ORCS project. The scheme is available to all UK local authorities and provides up to 75 percent of the cost of installing on-street chargers. This ensures motorists without private parking can access “reliable and affordable” charging infrastructure. However, the data shows ORCS has funded just 2,038 electric charging devices since the scheme was established in 2017. READ MORE: Calls for major overhaul of electric vehicle charging infrastructure This represents just £6.8million of grant funding across 75 councils. Over the past three months just 435 on-street devices were installed, according to the data. Ginny Buckley, founder and CEO of Electrifying.com has raised concerns over the regional differences in the data. She said: “The stats released today should act as an eye-opener for councils up and down the country to do better when it comes to the levelling up of electric car ownership." DON'T MISSElectric car charging stations have ‘fundamental issues’ [COMMENT]Drivers call for electric vehicle mandate before 2030 car ban [INSIGHT]Incentives play 'crucial role' for drivers when buying electric cars [ANALYSIS] She said: “The stats released today should act as an eye-opener for councils up and down the country to do better when it comes to the levelling up of electric car ownership"  She added: “The regional differences are stark. “We can see that areas such as the West Midlands are accelerating ahead with the rollout, whereas drivers in Yorkshire and Humber are being left behind. “Car buyers have embraced the electric revolution and one in five new cars sold in January was zero-emission. “But we know that consumers suffer from charging anxiety. “So if we want to bring everyone along on the electric journey, we need local authorities to step up and ensure that the right infrastructure is in place in our towns and cities to enable everyone to make the switch with confidence.” This comes despite a surge in interest for new electric models in recent years. Data from the SMMT show sales of electric and hybrid cars surged by 58.7 percent in 2021 with over 450,000 models sold.