In the latest episode of White Wine Question Time, Fern chatted to Kate about a range of topics including the breakdown of her marriage to Phil Vickery, her struggle with having children and her TV career. However, the former This Morning presenter stunned Kate with an admission about having a secret brother. The former X Factor presenter began by asking Fern about what her life was like growing up. "Which of the own chapters in your life has been the most meaningful?" Kate asked. Fern replied: "There are probably about three that are the big ones. I think my teenage years were a huge chapter because I grew up very quickly." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? She continued: "I was very independent very early because I grew up with just my mum and my sister and my father had remarried and had a son. "I didn't know that I had a brother until I was about 15, 16, 17 or something like that." Taken about my Fern's confession, Kate said: "Wow, that's a hell of a secret to keep. "How? How did you keep that secret?" "I don't know," Fern admitted. "A lot of people kept secrets at that time. "I grew up not knowing my father, I knew who he was and he would occasionally be able to visit but I just imagined he was out filming or working and being an actor in the theatre. "That's why I couldn't see him and I didn't realise he'd left and he was remarried and had my brother. "And nobody told me, I don't know why they didn't." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street newcomer Stu Carpenter linked to Charlie Stubbs? [SPOILERS]Vera star speaks out on leaving Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] Fern went on to recall how she found out the reason she never lived with her father and why he was never around. "It's amazing, isn't it?" she said. "When he was in his 80s, he told me. "I said, 'well that explains it all', but nobody else had ever told me. "I did ask my mother when I found out, I said 'why on earth didn't you tell me?'" "And she said, 'well we didn't talk about that sort of thing'," Fern added. "Ans I said, 'that is my history' and she said, 'oh, you and your history'. "I think it was obviously a very painful time for her." The presenter told Kate her younger days are very much still in the present as she continues to puzzle what happened together.