Want to secure a huge discount on the brand-new Galaxy S22? There's only a limited time available to claim up to £400 off the brand-new Galaxy S22, which was revealed during a Galaxy Unpacked showcase earlier this month. The new flagship smartphone arrives with a triple-camera capable of high-resolution zoom and ultra-wide shots, a smooth 120Hz high refresh-rate AMOLED display, an under-screen fingerprint scanner, and support for 5G mobile data. To unlock the maximum discount, you'll need to trade-in an older handset to Samsung. The South Korean firm has been incredibly generous with its bounties for ageing hardware, with up to £380 available if you hand over last year's Galaxy S21 and the older Galaxy Note 20 worth £360. Samsung will even pay as much as £290 for the Galaxy S20, which launched two years ago, when you trade-in the hardware before buying the latest model. The Galaxy S9 Plus, which first launched all the way back in February 2018, will earn you a £190 discount towards your new handset when you trade-in. That's one of the most generous cashback offers we've seen – and a great incentive for those who are on the fence about upgrading. At £769 SIM-free, the Galaxy S22 isn't exactly cheap. Although, if you pre-order, not only will you benefit from the generous cashback offer, but you'll also be able to bag a free one-year subscription to Disney+ (worth £79.90) and a pair of Galaxy Buds Pro wireless earbuds (worth £219). If you count the cost of buying all of these freebies separately, plus the trade-in value of a two-year-old Galaxy S series smartphone, you can secure as much as £588.90 off the price tag of the latest-and-greatest flagship smartphone from Samsung. Not bad for a brand-new phone, eh? If you'd rather not buy the standalone handset, but instead want to sign-up for a new mobile phone contract – check out the best Galaxy S22 deals from EE, Vodafone, O2, Three Mobile, and more. Galaxy S22 is powered by the latest Samsung-developed Exynos 2200 chipset, which promises faster performance and better battery life. There's support for next-generation 8K video recording and improved photography in low-light, which should improve Portrait Mode-style pictures taken in dingy bars or late at night. All of the usual features you'd expect from a flagship handset are present and correct, including a water resistant design, fast wireless charging, reverse-wireless charging to top-up other gadgets from the back of the phone, and support for speedy download speeds over 5G. Alongside the Galaxy S22, Samsung also revealed a Galaxy S22+ with a larger screen and battery, as well as Galaxy S22 Ultra, which has more in common with the now-discontinued Galaxy Note series than the rest of the Galaxy S series. It arrives with a redesigned S Pen stylus to annotate webpages and emails, doodle, and multi-task. It also has a curved screen (unlike everything else in the Galaxy S22 lineup) and no camera bump. MORE LIKE THISBest Samsung Galaxy S22 Deals: Get Free Galaxy Buds and Low Prices