The Queen, 95, has been on the throne for 70 years and most cannot remember a time before her reign. Graham Smith claims people see “the Queen as the monarchy and the monarchy as the Queen” and that she reminds them of “a sense of tradition and history in connection with the war and the pre-war period, when the monarchy felt like it was the genuine article”. However, he believes Prince Charles and his son Prince William do not come across the same way, adding that there is “nothing special about them”. He told Express.co.uk: “Charles and William they just don't come across in the same way as the Queen at all.  “There's nothing that people have been excited about.” According to data from You Gov, 76 percent of Britons have a positive opinion of the Queen, making her the most popular member of the Royal Family. Prince William is the second most popular royal, with 66 percent of people having a positive opinion of him. However, Prince Charles is much less popular, with only 45 percent of Brits having a positive opinion of him. Mr Smith also argued “modern values” are not in sync with the monarchy.  He said: “I think that the monarchy’s days are numbered. “It's just a matter of when rather than if because it has survived this long because of the Queen. “I think that modern values, people's values, are just not in sync with what the monarchy is anymore. “I think that younger generations have already turned against it in quite significant numbers.” You Gov data shows that, in 2021, only 31 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds thought the UK should still have a monarchy.  However, 81 percent of over 65-year-olds were still in favour of the monarchy. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams disagrees with Mr Smith’s statements, arguing every monarch has their own style. He said that there is still “enormous interest” in the “world’s most high profile monarchy”. Mr Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: “Graham ignores the fact that the monarchy dates back continuously over 1,000 years bar the Civil War. “Every monarch has his or her own style.  DON'T MISS: Queen health update: Monarch 'croaky' but on mend Kate 'seen' with fellow school parents in pub beloved by Prince Harry William's 'subtle sign' he is willing to 'sort things out' with Harry “This goes about as far as anyone from Republic could go in acknowledging the popularity of the Queen. “What it ignores is the enormous interest in the world’s most high profile monarchy, the benefits that accrue from this in terms of soft power, tourism and British business and the fact that William and Catherine and their family are the future of the monarchy. “Their performance of their charitable duties and engagements is exemplary. “Recent polls (YouGov, Ipsos Mori) show that, despite it being a difficult period, the monarchy is still overwhelmingly preferred to any alternative.” 