The Last Kingdom season five is coming to Netflix and the final season is based on books nine and 10 from The Saxon Stories. As the story arcs for most of the characters come to an end, some new faces will be added as obstacles for Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about newcomer Bresal and who plays him. The final season of The Last Kingdom is due to air on March 9. The official Instagram page for the Anglo-Saxon drama has been sharing first-look photos of some of the new characters. One of the latest additions is Bresal - a man who can be seen wearing an animal-skin cloak with bloodstains across his face. The warrior was pictured alongside a quote that reads: "I believe most will be led by their greed." Unlike some of the characters, it seems Bresal is not based on a real historical figure. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Cynlaef? New rebel explained He does not appear to be mentioned in Bernard Cornwell's novels, either, meaning his storyline is specific to the season five plot only. Bresal is one of Lord Aethelhelm's (Adrian Schiller) right-hand men, meaning he will be an enemy of Uhtred's, as well as Edward (Timothy Innes) and his family. His character description says: "A skilled and efficient mercenary, Bresal makes his living by the sword, and is sworn to Aethelhelm, enacting his schemes to seize power. "As Aethelhelm’s enforcer, Bresal carries out his paymaster’s orders with enthusiasm." The character will be played by actor Harry Anton.  The star has previously featured in EastEnders, Ransom and Wartime Crime. He has only ever made brief appearances in other shows, so The Last Kingdom could be his breakout role.  According to his IMDb profile, he has been acting since 2012 and started off in short films. His first TV role was as Gavin Marden in an episode of Doctors, back in 2017.  DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5 release date: Has the series been delayed? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Domnal? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom season 5: Uhtred's son to play major role in finale? [DISCUSSION] He recently wrapped filming on a biopic of Emily Bronte, called Emily, in which he will be playing Bill Heathcliff. His The Last Kingdom co-stars have welcomed him with open arms and regularly comment on his posts.  His character has a beard in the series and he shared before and after photos as he grew the beard himself. He said: "Two weeks separate these pictures. Probably not going to grow a beard for a while."   Aelswith actress Eliza Butterworth commented: "Still a stunner either way ya spin it!!!!" [Sic] The fifth season will be followed by a feature-length film for Netflix, titled Seven Kings Must Die. Uhtred actor Dreymon will reprise his role one final time, and it is believed some fan-favourite characters from the series could also return. Hopefully, more information on the film will come to light soon.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now, season 5 airs on March 9.