Novak Djokovic has been dethroned after suffering a shock defeat to qualifier Jiri Vesely at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. The five-time champion's 6-4 7-6(4) loss to the world No 124 means Daniil Medvedev will become the new world No 1 when the rankings update on Monday. Djokovic has held the top spot for a total of 361 weeks and been the year-end No 1 a record seven times. Starting his 2022 season in Dubai this week, Djokovic was immediately locked in battle to hold onto his world No 1 spot. After he was unable to play the Australian Open when he was deported from the country, the Serb lost his 2,000 ranking points from winning the title in 2021 while Medvedev retained his runner-up points, losing to Nadal in this year's final. It meant that the Russian was closing in on the top spot, and had the opportunity to clinch it this week with Djokovic playing in Dubai and Medvedev playing in Acapulco, both ATP 500 events. There were various scenarios that would have seen Medvedev become the new world No 1, including if both players had won their respective tournaments, but he has now been handed the ranking courtesy of Vesely. JUST IN: Russian star Rublev shares Ukraine support with 'no to war' post  The 28-year-old had upset Djokovic in their only previous meeting at the 2016 Monte Carlo Masters and managed to pull off another shock victory over the 20-time major champion in the Dubai quarter-final on Thursday, producing a stunning display to overcome the five-time champion 6-4 7-6(4) in under two hours, having come through qualifying to now make the last-four. With Medvedev also into the quarter-finals over in Mexico - where he also faces a qulifier in Yoshihito Nishioka - it means the 26-year-old will be the first man outside of the Big Four to hold the top spot in 18 years. The last time someone not named Djokovic, Federer, Nadal or Murray was world No 1 was all the way back in 2004, when Andy Roddick held the top ranking until Federer took over from February 2, and Vesely was happy to see a new player crowned world No 1 thanks to his win over Djokovic. DON'T MISSMurray identifies issue holding him back and makes career predictionNadal weighs in on Zverev after horrifying Mexico Open outburstRafael Nadal comes through 'strange match' to set new career record  After the match, Vesely was in disbelief that he was able to beat the Serb for a second time, and enjoyed the rewarding victory after a difficult 2021 season which saw the world No 123 catch Covid and get into a car crash. "It’s an amazing feeling you know, I never thought I would really have a chance against Novak, he’s really one of the greatest of all time if not the best," the qualifier said in his on-court interview. "After the last 12 months I’ve been going through it’s unbelievable. I have so many emotions inside, it’s hard to describe. It’s just an amazing feeling. "To be honest playing against Novak, he’s such a great groundstroker, moved unbelievably well you really got to earn it. You really have to fight for every single ball. I’ve done an amazing job today I think, I tried to keep the rallies short." Vesely was also happy to get the monumental win in front of a packed crowd in Dubai, adding: "Of course Novak had a huge support. It’s normal, even if Roger comes whoever Rafa it’s always fully packed and of course the most people always cheer for the biggest stars but anyway you know I really enjoyed it. "I really love these matches playing against the best players in the world, having the full stadiums. It’s something I really dreamed about my hold life and always to play against these guys the atmosphere is just fantastic so I really enjoyed it." And speaking on his own part of tennis history, having allowed Medvedev to become the first non-Big Four world no 1 in 18 years, he said it would be good for the sport to have a new champion. "You know to be honest yesterday after the match I was joking that I don’t want to fail my record against Novak because I was leading but I never expected to win again," he laughed. "But of course it’s great for tennis I think to have somebody new at world No 1 again.  We all know Novak missed the Australian Open but anyway he’s such a champion to be world No 1 for 361 weeks. "Tennis needs of course new No 1s, new generations coming up and I think it’s just great."