Currently, a standard coloured television licence costs viewers £159 a year, while a black and white one is £53.50. While the licence fee itself is handled by TV Licensing and the BBC, the UK Government has set a variety of concessions and discounts which are designed to assist many financially vulnerable groups. These deals could see households get a free licence or receive a discounted one at 50 percent off the original costs. Examples of some people who are eligible for a discount are Pension Credit recipients or people who are blind. A TV licence is required to watch live programming or to record entertainment as it is being broadcast live across the country. Furthermore, a licence is needed to watch or stream live content from a streaming service or other online TV equivalent. To qualify for a free television licence, the licence holder needs to be at least 75 or older and be claiming Pension Credit. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Alternatively, the licence holder’s partner can be the one who gets Pension Credit from the DWP to get this concession. Those who are 74 and approaching the eligibility age threshold can apply for their free licence through the TV Licensing website. On top of this, anyone who has been paying for their television licence while being eligible could be due a refund, which will be processed during the application process. Claimants of Pension Credit who would prefer to call over the phone can speak to an advisor at TV Licensing on 0300 790 6117.  Separate arrangements are in place for over 75s who are residents on the Isle of Man, the Bailiwick of Jersey and the Bailiwick of Guernsey. Anyone who is diagnosed as severely blind or sight impaired will be eligible to apply for a 50 percent discount on their TV licence. This concession will also be applicable to anyone who lives in the same property as the blind licence holder. Unfortunately, those who are diagnosed as only partially sighted are not eligible to get this valuable discount. Once the blind concession is applied, a TV Licence costs £79.50 to be in colour and £26.75 in black and white. However, in order to get this discount, applicants must provide suitable evidence to TV Licensing to prove they are registered as legally blind. Qualifying documentation can include either a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. Furthermore, a letter from an eye surgeon confirming their blindness and a certificate from someone’s Local Authority would also count as proof to the assessor. Outside of pensioners and blind people, those who live in residential care homes and sheltered accommodation also qualify for a concession on their television licence. This particular concession costs £7.50 per room, flat or bungalow which is an accommodation for residential care. Residents must be at least 60 years and be only working no more than 15 hours per week or unemployed to be eligible. Alternatively, residents must either have substantially impaired sight, hearing or speech, a mental disorder or be substantially physically disabled by illness.