Every month, NS&I pays out millions of prizes as part of its Premium Bonds prize draw, with two savers winning £1million. The NS&I account has grown in popularity, but is there anything savers could do to improve their chances of winning in the future? The March prize draw is due to take place on Tuesday, offering bond holders potential winnings from £25 to £1million. Premium Bonds are a unique savings product in the sense that it doesn’t offer an interest rate but rather an annual prize fund rate. Currently, this sits at one percent, and the odds of winning per £1 Bond number stand at 34,500 to one. That said, financial experts such as Martin Lewis have said the likelihood of winning may actually be lower than this. Because of the prize fund rate aspecte, savers who expect or require a guaranteed return on their savings generally avoid this product. READ MORE: 'Sell everything NOW before 50% crash as Putin drives nail in bull market’ - dire warning  Bond holders with £5,000 or more invested are more likely to win due to the way the bonds work, according to Mr Lewis. He wrote on MoneySavingExpert.com : “The more bonds you have, the closer you get to the prize fund rate, and this is where the scales start to tip in Premium Bonds' favour.” This is because each bond is purchased at £1 and like any lottery the more one buys the higher their chances of winning. There are estimated 21 million bond holders currently in the UK, many of which reinvest any winnings they receive to buy more bonds.  Mr Lewis added: “While Premium Bonds beat easy-access savings for those saving more than around £5,000, they don't beat many of the top fixed savings accounts on average luck. “Yet as the name suggests with fixes, your money's locked away, while with Premium Bonds, you have access to your cash. So if you want to save longer, but keep access to your money, they're a decent option.” Premium Bonds have provided an ideal alternative for many savers during the pandemic when many interest rates on savings accounts bottomed out at a dismal 0.01 percent. However, it is still important to highlight that the automated system used to choose the winning bond numbers each month doesn’t favour any specific algorithms.  This means that those who have had bonds invested since its inception in 1956 have the same chances of winning as someone who bought their first bond in 2021. The prime example of this is February’s million pound winners, one of which had £50,000 invested in bonds and purchased the winning bond in March 2021. The second February millionaire had less than half this amount invested, at £20,002, and bought their own winning bond a decade ago in 2012. In February, 3.3 million prizes were dished out to bond holders, with the minimum amount required for a bond starting at £25.  Savers can purchase up to £50,000 in bonds, with each £1 invested receiving a unique bond number which all have equal chances of winning. MoneySavingExpert.com, founded by Mr Lewis, has also reported that there is £74,452,325 worth of unclaimed Premium Bonds prizes. Bond holders can use the online prize checker to see if any of their bonds have unclaimed prizes and to see the results of tomorrow’s draw. It is important to note that bonds must be held for at least one full month before they will be included in the prize draw.