Trent Alexander-Arnold has warned Liverpool’s rivals that the Reds are gunning for the quadruple. His ominous message came after Liverpool landed the first of a potential four trophies this season by beating Chelsea on penalties in a dramatic shootout on Sunday for the Carabao Cup.  Liverpool star Alexander-Arnold has warned the rest of Europe that this is just the start after landing the Carabao Cup on Sunday. The Reds beat Chelsea on penalties after an enthralling final at Wembley that saw Kepa Arrizabalaga miss the crucial penalty in a shootout where every other player on the pitch had scored. The Spaniard had been brought on specifically for the shootout after Edouard Mendy’s brilliant display that kept the Blues in the match. Despite the match ending 0-0, there was non-stop drama with offside goals, potential red cards and some absolutely spectacular saves. But Liverpool emerged triumphant as Jurgen Klopp looks to plunder all the top trophies still available. This was the club’s first victory in the Carabao Cup since 2012 but their sights are now set on the FA Cup, Premier League and the Champions League for an incredible quadruple - a feat never managed in England. And Alexander-Arnold has outlined Liverpool’s intentions with a simple tweet of him holding the trophy whilst captioned: “1/4. Hungry for more..” The Reds trail Manchester City in the Premier League by six points but have a game in hand and the two will also meet at the Etihad in April. That could be the most decisive match over where the trophy will be heading this season while the FA Cup and Champions League are up for grabs. After beating Inter Milan 2-0 at the San Siro, Liverpool will feel fairly confident that they have one foot in the next round. While they face Norwich next in the fifth round of the FA Cup at Anfield - a fixture they won recently 3-1 in the league and a similar outcome is expected. Klopp’s men have hit top form at just the right point with some of the most important matches of the season fast approaching. And Alexander-Arnold’s confidence will just be a taster of what is being felt in the Anfield dressing room right now. Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson said after Sunday’s victory: "It was amazing, very special to win trophies at this football club. Always difficult when it goes to penalties. "We have used all the squad, academy, first team, all chipped in which makes it really special. "It is mad to think it was 10 years we won it. Today was really special, never take for granted playing for this club. The fans deserve it and hopefully it can give us a kick start for the rest of the season.”