Trigger Point has been airing on ITV and it has kept fans on the edge of their seats. Featuring plenty of explosive moments, Line of Duty's Vicky McClure has fully embraced her character, Lana Washington. The show's creator, Jed Mercurio, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about the TV show's future. The season finale of Trigger Point is due to air this Sunday and the Expo team is pushed to the absolute limit. They are tasked with handling a complicated gas-pipe device planted at the campaign HQ of the Progressive Alliance. Meanwhile, Sonya Reeves (Kerry Godliman) uses back channels to gain intelligence from Porton Down. She discovers a link to secret military operations in Afghanistan. Lana is led to a site where military-grade explosives are stored, increasing fears of another attack. READ MORE: Trigger Point fans spot clue Karl is behind attacks 'Don't trust him' Jed Mercurio teased the ending sets the series up for another season. When asked whether the show has a future beyond six episodes, he said: "Yeah I mean if this series goes down well with the audience we would like to do more. "It's set up to be a returner and we know how much audiences love thrillers. "They are a big part of people's TV experience now and having another series of Trigger Point in the future would be great. "If we are lucky enough to get to that point." The series has gone down a huge hit with Line of Duty fans as they have donned their detective hats once again. Many theories have come to light as to who is behind the string of terrorist attacks. Adrian Lester's character was killed off at the end of the first episode and he spoke out about his surprise exit. He said: "One of the fun things is we don't know what's going to happen next. "And the script keeps the audience on their toes and stays one step ahead of them. DON'T MISS...Trigger Point viewers miss out on vital clues due to 'muffled' sound [DISCUSSION] Vera star Brenda Blethyn confirms future on ITV series [INSIGHT] Trigger Point fans spot strange Vicky McClure habit 'Stop!' [DISCUSSION] "And you have to truly believe that you don't know what's going to happen next. "You have to truly believe in the threat your characters are facing, otherwise it's boring. "You definitely get that with Jed's shows." Chris Roe works as a composer on the series and he also spoke to Express.co.uk about its intense moments. He said: "I think the scene in episode four with Billy (Ewan Mitchell) trapped in the car was one of my highlights to work on.  "Jennie Darnell (director) and David Ianson (editor) did a fantastic job in pacing a very long sequence. "From when Billy discovers the device in the car, to Lana speeding through the streets of London, to trying to keep Billy calm while investigating the car, and then the final tragic end. "Ewan and Vicky played the brother/sister relationship so perfectly and Billy’s vulnerability really got to me, even after watching the clip thousands of times. "So the music had to let Ewan’s performance shine through but still have an intensity, bubbling away unpredictably under the surface, and also have outbursts of emotion when Lana would let her guard down. "The irregular heartbeat rhythm through the scene then settles into a more stable ‘four on the floor’ beat when police backup arrives, making you think that everything is under control and hopefully creating an even more shocking impact when the bomb does finally explode." Trigger Point is available to watch on ITV Hub.