Emmerdale couple Laurel Thomas (played by Charlotte Bellamy) and Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) have faced a few hurdles recently and their relationship is very much on the rocks. In recent months on the ITV soap, Jai was forced to take drastic action to try and handle his financial problems. The businessman has been on the brink of financial ruin ever since the HOP (Hawksford Outdoor Pursuits) was ordered to pay an enormous fine following a number of incidents at the survival challenge. After he was unable to come up with the cash himself, Jai fraudulently took out a £50,000 loan using Laurel’s name. When Laurel realised someone had tried to take out a loan, she reported it to the bank, which is when Jai had to come clean about what he'd done. This led Laurel to cover up for her love, and when she got a call from the bank, she panicked and decided to take the blame. She lied and insisted it was her that took out the loan, claiming she had forgotten about it because she was drunk. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? Laurel may have covered up for Jai, but she certainly didn't forgive him and so she ended up kicking him out of the house. Meanwhile, Kim Tate (Claire King) broke the news to the couple that she needed to sell their house. The couple, who are renting the house from Kim, were left devastated over the prospect of losing their family home. Kim explained she needed to free up some cash after she bought Charity Dingle's (Emma Atkins) share in the haulage. While viewers believed the businesswoman was going to buy The Woolpack, Kim was secretly plotting another plan. Jai tried to plead with Kim not to sell the house, but she was adamant about her decision. In an attempt to try and change her mind, Jai pleaded: "Kim, you don't need to sell Mulberry." "What, when was that decided?" Gabby said in shock as Kim replied: "That's what I wanted to tell you, Gabby. "I have instructed an estate agent and I am sorry I need to liquidate an asset." DON'T MISS...The Dog House owner breaks down after giving up border collie [VIDEO]Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? [SPOILERS] Fans were less than impressed by Kim's news, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Many believe that Laurel will be left homeless as a result of Kim's actions. Mike tweeted: "Laurel could be homeless because Kim is selling the house." Ryan raged: "Kim cannot sell Laurel's home. Laurel had memories with Ashley in that house." While Lucas said: "I just don't believe Kim is so out of money that she needs to sell Laurel's house so urgently." Laurel was left devastated over Jai's betrayal and the news that Kim was selling the house, but things are set to get worse for the cafe owner. In upcoming scenes, Laurel fights tears as she realises she will have to look for a new home outside of the village. To add salt into the wound, Kim later tells her that she has found a buyer for their home and gives them 30 days' notice to leave. To help Jai out of his financial struggle, Kim asked Jai for his shares in the HOP and in return says she’ll give him enough money to pay off his loan and put a deposit on Mulberry. Jai loves his business so it would take a lot for him to give it up. With Kim making her homeless, and if Jai ends up betraying Laurel once again, this could push her to leave the village for good. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.