While camping holidays bring adventure and excitement, they can be tough on people’s backs. Older campers in particular might be affected by tough conditions. Catherine Quinn, president of the British Chiropractors Association (BCA) told Express.co.uk how campers can protect their back. She told Express.co.uk: “Sleeping away from your normal mattress and on harder surfaces can cause problems for your back. “Prep your sleeping area first. Before you put up your tent, make sure you remove large stones or sticks that could dig into your back.” Depending on where people are setting up camp, there could be uncomfortable rocks or stones on the ground. Campers should clear the area first before setting up their tent to make sure they have a comfortable surface. READ MORE:  Britons’ favourite caravan campsites have been named – ‘magical place’  Catherine said: “Protect your back. Ensure your back is protected against a hard and potentially damp surface by sleeping on a quality approved camping mat or air mattress. “Try these out in the shop before buying to find the right base for you - most good stores will have samples available.” Camping mattresses can vary in quality and it’s a good idea to invest as a bad mattress could cause back damage. While a mat might be more appropriate for campers going off grid, an air mattress could help people avoid back pain. As Catherine suggested, testing out samples or asking for advice at a shop can help campers make the right choice. She added: “Lift and carry with care. Take care when loading and unloading your camping gear. “It’s a good idea to pack your gear into multiple lighter bags, so you can distribute the weight more evenly and reduce strain on your back. “If you’re going group camping, divide and conquer the load between you to avoid overloading yourself.” While it can be tempting to pack everything up quickly for a holiday, it’s a good idea to pack items carefully. It’s easy to hurt a back by lifting heavy items and groups should split loads to avoid anyone hurting themselves. Catherine told Express.co.uk: “Sleep sensibly. Try to sleep in a position where your spine is in a straight line as this helps to avoid neck and back pain.” A good sleeping position can work wonders when it comes to preventing back pain on a camping holiday.  Camping holidays surged in popularity last year as many Britons chose to holiday in the UK instead of abroad. Although travel restrictions have lifted, many Britons are expected to choose camping again in 2022. Elderly campers who are worried about hurting their back could try renting a campervan or mobile home instead. These are likely to offer holidaymakers proper beds which could help to avoid any unnecessary back strain. 