The recently released Star Wars TV shows on Disney Plus - The Mandalorian and The Book of Boba Fett - have continued the stories of Luke Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano outside of their own films or series. The same is reportedly going to happen for Rey, who was last seen at the end of The Rise of Skywalker - but with a new look. What do you think? Should Daisy Ridley be replaced? Join the debate in the comments section here Rey is going to have her story continued in a TV series acting as a sequel to The Rise of Skywalker on the Disney streaming service, according to noted Star Wars leaker Mike Zeroh. He has also revealed how this series will affect the story of Rey's character going forward. It should be pointed out, however, that Zeroh's information has not always been 100 percent correct, so his new leaked knowledge should be taken with a grain of salt. With that said, Zeroh claims a new animated series "inspired by Star Wars: Legends" is on its way to Disney Plus and will act as a direct sequel to The Rise of Skywalker, and is "due to be released in 2024". In this series, Rey will be taking on a brand new role in her community. WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW Zeroh said: "Disney and Lucasfilm have chosen to replace Daisy Ridley with someone else entirely to portray an older version of Rey in the sequel series that is said to take place around ten years after episode nine." He revealed: "The big plan that was recently finalised is that Lucasfilm and Disney recently hired actress Rachel Weisz to portray an older version of Rey in the sequel series that is said to borrow many aspects of Star Wars: Legends as well." Fans of the Marvel franchise will recall Weisz recently made her debut as Melina Vostokoff - Natasha Romanoff's adopted mother - in the Black Widow solo movie. Before that, the British actress also starred in The Mummy series, Oz The Great and Powerful, Constantine and Eragon. She is also married to former James Bond star Daniel Craig. Zeroh revealed Weisz' Rey will be part of a "new Jedi order" and will be a mother to a brand new character. READ MORE: Star Wars: Carrie Fisher character 'returning' for prequel story Zeroh previously claimed Rey would be giving birth to Cade Skywalker - a character originally from the Star Wars novels. He added that Weisz has offered to do "tons of different scenes [and] will offer voiceover work and motion capture work that will bring Rey to life". He also noted how Weisz is "very excited to join the sequel series". But Ridley's time as the character is not completely over just yet. DON'T MISS...Star Wars: Carrie Fisher character 'returning' for prequel story [NEWS]Star Wars leak: Kylo Ren 'retcon' will 'change Ben Solo and Han Solo' [INFO]Next Star Wars film 'signs Force Awakens star for new projects' [NEXT MOVIE NEWS] Zeroh said: "Daisy Ridley is said to be making some cameos as Rey in completely separate projects in full live-action form." But, for "this particular project Daisy had no interest in, for the time being". Zeroh's new report follows GiantFreakinRobot's which claimed Ridley had "signed on" for a new trilogy of projects in the Star Wars universe. The publication claimed Ridley had signed up for three projects that were not specifically films. This means she could have signed on to TV shows - such as The Mandalorian, et al - or simply some voiceover work for the future. One thing is for sure: Rey's story is not yet over and fans will certainly be getting more of her in the coming years. The Star Wars series is available to watch on Disney Plus now.