As travel restrictions are lifted, many British tourists are booking holidays around the world. Holidaymakers can find a lot of bargains from travel providers. However, British tourists have been warned to do their own research before booking a holiday. NetVoucherCodes have warned British tourists that a five star hotel bargain might be “too good to be true”. A spokesperson said: “After the last couple of years, most of us are longing for sun, sea, sand and cocktails. “With price tags rising, everchanging exchange rates and all the other extra travel costs we face, that dream vacation can feel a million miles away. READ MORE: Won’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions “Restrictions and cancellations have stopped most people from enjoying a restful week in the sun, so we decided to put some top tips together to save whilst staying safe.” The team warned British holidaymakers that they should think before trusting a hotel’s “star rating”. They said: “Found a ‘too good to be true’ deal on a five star hotel’? The likelihood is that it’s too good to be true. “Hotel ratings aren’t standardised worldwide and many are just an indicator of the facilities rather than the quality. “Package tour operators tend to be the most overly generous offering a star higher. Don’t fall for a faulty star rating and check out the real-life reviews.” British holidaymakers could be surprised by the standard of the ‘five star’ hotel they’ve booked abroad. Holiday companies could be more generous with their ratings than other rankings leaving British tourists disappointed. Websites such as Tripadvisor offer British tourists the chance to read other guests’ opinions before booking. According to the Five Star Alliance, a luxury travel company, a true five star hotel should have a concierge service available at least 16 hours per day. It should also offer daily housekeeping, luggage storage, a fine dining restaurant or bar and transfers. The hotel room should have dressing gowns and slippers, an electric safe, mini bar and wifi. While some hotels have brought back amenities such as dressing gowns, some removed them for hygiene reasons during Covid. Many five star hotels will also have other luxury and exclusive features including private butlers or jacuzzis. Some hotels have even been advertised as seven star hotels in recent years, including the Galleria in Milan. Hotels can also be ranked on sustainability, cleanliness and suitability for families and children. Guest reviews are often the best way to find out what a hotel is really like before booking a stay.