Still, we can be forgiven for enjoying this glimmer of freedom. As Mr Johnson said: "After two of the darkest, grimmest years in our peacetime history I do believe this is a moment of pride for our nation and a source of hope for all that we can achieve in the years to come." And with that, all domestic restrictions were scrapped from Thursday onwards, along with the legal requirement to self-isolate following a positive test. This is, at least, the beginning of the end. But don't think it's all over. As the PM said: "Today is not the day we can declare victory over Covid because this virus is not going away." But we are past the peak of the Omicron wave and cases continue to fall. And thanks to the success of the jabs programme, the worst is now behind us. Some will call the Government's strategy reckless. But in fact, it has made a cautious move, choosing the safest moment to cease restrictions and restore our liberties. Spring is around the corner and we can no longer stay in the dark. Let us now all act responsibly - and in doing so, we can stay free. Vladimir Putin's meeting with his Security Council yesterday was Napoleonic in its grandeur. Sitting isolated in his grand palatial hall, he presented a chilling and despotic spectacle. From the start of this Ukrainian folly, the Russian president has been involved in provocative theatre. His appears intent on invading by stealth, maintaining Russia must annex Ukraine for defensive reasons. And yesterday he did just that, claiming the independence of two breakaway areas of south-east Ukraine - Donetsk and Luhansk - was necessary.They will both now be controlled by Russian-backed separatists. Boris Johnson was right to call this a "dark sign". We all know about Isaac Newton's apple tree, where the scientific genius discovered the natural law of gravity by watching an apple fall. Some 250 years later, nature again proved it has the whip hand as Storm Eunice felled a descendent of Newton's famous tree in Cambridge University's Botanic Garden. Luckily it can be cloned and grown anew. But as bathroom mirrors remind us each day, nature - and gravity - always wins.