Hammonds Furniture recently conducted research on the most popular houseplants using Google search trends, offering tips and tricks on how to keep the most popular plants healthy in the home. They also shared how to tell what is wrong with your indoor plant and how to fix the problem. Receiving almost 80,000 Google searches a month, the Chinese money plant is a popular choice for beginners. The experts said: “Chinese money plants thrive in bright but indirect sunlight, not getting enough light can make them grow tall and leggy. “However, if you give them too much heat or light, their circular leaves can start to curl inwards to form a cup shape. Dry, crispy spots can also mean your plant is getting too much direct sunlight. “If the stems of your money plant are drooping, you may not be watering it often enough. However, drooping stems paired with yellowing leaves can mean you have overwatered your plant, and need to give it a break.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Another popular plant, which is easy to care for, is the aloe vera plant. According to the experts, they’re a great addition to the bedroom because they harvest carbon dioxide at night, improving the room’s air quality. Unlike other plants, the aloe vera thrives in bright sunlight. Hammonds said: “The aloe vera plant is well suited to busy plant owners, as they store water in their leaves and so require very little watering. If your plant has dry tops, your plant is dehydrated and needs to be watered. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading [COMMENT]Gardening jobs to do in March - ‘prevent’ weeds and kill moss now [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘genius’ tips to clean windows - ‘no smears’ [INSIGHT] “However, for an allow, less is more as this plant can be quite sensitive to overwatering, with leaves turning pale and yellow or in some cases brown. “If your aloe’s leaves are looking brown and are mushy or soft to touch, then you have overwatered your plant.” One popular plant which is slightly harder to care for is the Monstera plant, more commonly known as the Swiss cheese plant. Known for its distinctive leaves, Monstera plants can tolerate low light but grow much faster if placed in indirect sunlight settings. The experts said: “A Monstera can exist happily in most areas of the home, however they can get sunburnt if they receive too much direct sunlight. “While you might initially think that yellowing leaves or soft dark brown spots are a sign of under watering, they actually indicate that you are overwatering your Monstera and it needs to be dried out. “If your leaves are brown and crispy on the edges, your plant is dehydrated.” According to the research, the peace lily plant is one of the most challenging houseplants to care for, with more than 8,000 searches wondering how to care for it. This houseplant should be kept away from any draughts and will do best in a humid room, like the bathroom. Hammonds Furniture recommended watering this plant weekly, making sure the soil is dry first. They added: “If your peace lily is wilting, you most likely need to water the plant as this is a sign of dehydration. However, if the plant is drooping and its leaves are yellow, hold back on the watering as your plant has been overwatered and needs a break. “Any dry flowers or scorched leaves indicates that your plant is suffering from having too much sunlight and needs to be moved to a shadier spot in the house.” Hammonds spoke to Samantha Jones, Gardening and Plant Expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk for tips on how to care for these popular plants. The expert said: “Brining plants into your home can be beneficial to freshen up the atmosphere. “Aside from being visually appealing and improving the aesthetics of your home, plants can have a calming effect on us. “Overall, the care of your plant is essential, so it is vital to make sure you give it the correct care. Each plant will have different needs, but there are some essential tips to follow if you’re starting your houseplant journey.” This included keeping the soil moist, making sure the plant has drainage holes at the bottom and placing it near a light source.