  A former Miss Grand Ukraine has been pictured holding an assault rifle. Anastasiia Lenna took to social media to vow that anyone "who crosses the Ukrainian border with the intent to invade will be killed".     Anastasiia, who was crowned a national pageant winner aged 24 in 2015, has signed up to defend her home from Russian invaders. The star has swapped in her dresses and stilettos for some serious military gear as she puts herself on the line for her homeland Ukraine. In view of her 146,000 followers, Anastasiia posted a number of pictures of herself holding guns, as well as another of the Ukrainian flag. Under a post on Saturday she wrote: "Everyone who crosses the Ukrainian border with the intent to invade will be killed!" READ MORE: David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him'     Under the picture, which showed armed soldiers blocking a road, she added: “NATO should apply for entry into Ukraine”. Another post said: “Our (Ukraine's) army is fighting in such a way that NATO should apply for entry into Ukraine.” She also posted a photo showing soldiers walking with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, writing: “A true and strong leader. This is the President of Ukraine.” The brave beauty queen's step into the battlefield to defend her country couldn’t be further away from her regular job, where she works in Turkey as a public relations manager.      Vladimir Putin shocked the world early on Thursday morning as it was announced that Russian forces had invaded Ukraine. Ukrainians have taken to the streets with weapons to defend their country, as Russian troops continue to wage war in multiple cities. One request Anastasiia had for Western countries was for them to cut Russian banks out of the Swift banking system. Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) processes transactions worth trillions of dollars and is used around the world by more than 11,000 banks and financial institutions. READ MORE... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [UPDATE] Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [INSIGHT] 'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [LATEST]      Yesterday, the EU, US and their allies have agreed to cut off a number of Russian banks from the international payment system, which Russia heavily relies on for its key oil and gas exports. Anastasiia also shared a plea from world champion boxer Usyk Oleksandr who appealed to his Russian social media followers to not send loved ones into battle with Ukraine. A translation of her call to action reads: "Dismantling road signs on all roads of the country. “The enemy has a pathetic connection, they don't orientate the terrain. Let's help them go straight to hell.     "Ukravtodor calls on all road organisations, territorial communities, local authorities to immediately start dismantling road signs nearby. The marketing and management graduate from Slavistik University in Kyiv has shared photos of herself in military gear before. Several Instagram snaps show her posing with airsoft guns in wooded areas and indoor training grounds over the past few years, except that now she has swapped plastic pellets for lead bullets. Protests have erupted worldwide against Russia, with hundreds of its own citizens even risking their safety and freedom to take to the streets in protest of the situation in Ukraine.     