On Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin held a surprise television announcement where he said he had "made the decision of a military operation", despite weeks of intense diplomacy and threats of sanctions from western allies. Within a few hours of Mr Putin's speech, Russia's defence ministry said it had neutralised Ukrainian military airbases and its air defence systems. Explosions were heard across Ukraine overnight, with its foreign minister warning a "full-scale invasion" was underway. Now, Latvia has invoked Article 4 following the invasion urging NATO members to convene when any other member is concerned about its territorial integrity. Article 4 of NATO's founding treaty says: "The Parties will consult together whenever, in the opinion of any of them, the territorial integrity, political independence or security of any of the Parties is threatened." This comes as residents in Kiev are fleeing the city following Mr Putin's Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kulebo confirmed overnight that the Russian President has begun his "full-scale" invasion. He tweeted: "Putin has just launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. "Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes. "This is a war of aggression. READ MORE: ‘He will die!’ Ex-Ukraine defence chief sends Putin ultimatum "Ukraine will defend itself and will win. "The world can and must stop Putin. "The time to act is now." This week, the Russian President convened an unscheduled meeting with his security council in Moscow amid increasing tensions between Moscow and Kiev. DON'T MISS Russia-Ukraine: Kiev gridlocked as thousands flee the capital [INSIGHT] EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [REVEAL] Boris Johnson announcement: PM to give urgent address on Russia [COMMENT] The meeting was to decide whether Russia would recognise two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine as sovereign states. In recognising the independence of the People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, Russia has officially given up on the 2015 peace deals that recognise Ukraine's sovereignty over the territory. It also gives Russia a pretext to send troops to the separatist-held areas. According to Russian News Agency, TASS, Mr Putin made the decision to conduct a "special military operation" after a message from the Donetsk republic. Mr Putin said: "Its purpose is to protect the people who have for eight years been exposed to humiliation and genocide by the regime in Kiev. "For this, we will seek demilitarization and denazification of Ukraine, and also press for bringing to justice those who have committed numerous bloody crimes against peaceful civilians, including Russian citizens." Mr Putin also urged the Ukrainian military to "lay down arms at once and leave for home". He continued: "Those servicemen of the Ukrainian army who will meet this demand will be free to leave the zone of combat operations and return to their families." Mr Putin also warned against attempts at foreign intervention in the current development, let alone foreign intervention. He warned: "Nobody should feel any doubts that a direct attack on Russia would end with the potential aggressor’s defeat and terrible consequences for the attacker. "Whoever may try to create obstructions to us, let alone pose threats to our country and our people, they should know that Russia’s response will follow without delay and entail consequences that you have never encountered in your history. "We are prepared for any march of events. "All necessary decisions in this connection will be made. I hope that I will be heard." More to follow...