Vikings: Valhalla is on Netflix and the series is set 100 years after the events of the Amazon Prime Video original. In the new historical drama, the Pagan and Christian Vikings find themselves in a feud as religious tensions rise. One of the breakout stars is the Pagan warrior, Freydís (played by Frida Gustavsson), who is based on a real historical figure.  Freydís is introduced in the series as the feisty sister of traveller Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett). She was scarred by a Christian Viking and makes it her mission to get revenge on the man who abused her. However, she finds herself in more danger when she comes across the serial murderer, Jarl Kåre (Asbjorn Krogh Nissen). Knowing Freydís was one of the last 'children of Upsalla', he made it his mission to hunt her down. Yet she used her fighting skills to qualify as a shieldmaiden, defending herself and later, Kattegat. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla ending explained: What happened at the end? The real-life Freydís Eiríksdóttir was born in the year 970 and she was the daughter of the notorious Erik the Red. She joined her brother Leif on expeditions around North America and was an early colonist of Vinland. After a number of successful expeditions, Freydís wanted the prestige associated with such missions. She made a deal with two Icelandic men, Helgi and Finnbogi, that they should go to Vinland and split profits equally. Freydís asked Leif for permission to use the homes he had built in Vinland as her base. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla's Emma of Normandy's outfits hold hidden meaning He agreed and so Helgi and Finnbogi said they would bring the same number of men and supplies as Freydís for the trip. Yet, wanting the upper hand, Freydís smuggled more men into her ship. There was a lot of tension between Freydís and the brothers, so Helgi and Finnbogi set up a settlement separate from Freydís and her crew. Freydís made up rumours that Helgi and Finnbogi had beaten her and she ordered her husband to kill them both. She then ended up killing the women of the camp as her husband refused. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla boss shares key Michael Hirst advice as trailer drops [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla trailer drops huge nod to King Aethelred [VIDEO] Vikings season 6: Fans expose ‘real reason’ for Flatnose retreat [DISCUSSION] She threatened to murder anyone else who revealed the truth about what happened. After a year, she went back to Greenland and told her brother that Helgi and Finnbogi had decided to stay in Vinland. However, he eventually found out the truth about what happened but felt unable to punish his sister. Instead, he told her she would find little prosperity in her life and from then on, everyone thought badly of her. In the series, she does not murder aimlessly, only targeting her true enemies. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla: What happened during the St Brice's Day massacre? There is also no mention of any form of punishment following unlawful killings. Instead, the last viewers see of the warrior is when she escapes a war-stricken Kattegat with the injured Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter). She managed to finally take down Jarl Kåre in the great hall, by stabbing him with a dagger. The shieldmaiden had been separated from her brother during the battle and fans will be waiting to see whether they reunite. She was exploring a relationship with Harald before he seemingly betrayed the Pagans to negotiate with Jarl Kåre.  Vikings: Valhalla is available to watch on Netflix now.