The average property in Nottingham has increased in value by a quarter in the previous two years. It is one of the cities across the Midlands whose property markets have been soaring, especially since the pandemic when many Britons left city life for rural areas. Of the 10 English cities with the biggest house price rises in the past two years, half were in the Midlands. ­Nottingham came top, followed by Leicester and Birmingham, according to estate agency Hamptons. Estate agents at Hoopla explained the house prices in the Midlands area. They said: “Even after strong price rises over the past year, average house prices in Birmingham and Nottingham are a third lower than the UK average. “There are still 16 percent lower in Leicester, indicating the relative affordability in these markets. “The mix of stock in these cities also contributed to price growth, with the pandemic ‘search for space’ pushing prices of semi-detached homes up particularly strongly, which is especially the case in Leicester.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows With the rise of flexible working schedules since Covid-19, it has driven city workers to move up north on a quest to find a property with more value for money than what they are getting down south. The stamp duty holiday particularly helped these buyers, as lower house prices meant they could save a higher proportion of the value in tax. The Midlands has also been helped by large investment being poured into regeneration, as well as big infrastructure projects promising smoother commuting, such as HS2. East Midlands house prices are set to grow by four percent and in the West Midlands at 3.5 percent in 2022, according to Zoopla, which is among the highest in the UK. DON'T MISS:Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] Below are three Midlands cities with the fastest-growing house price rises and the hottest property markets, where families and investors alike piling in. Once names the “bellwether of the UK economy” by former Bank of England governor Mark Carney, Nottingham is an employment hub of the East Midlands and a thriving university city. The city has an average property price of £238,140, which has risen 24 percent over the past two years. This is far higher than the England and Wales average of 16.6 percent. The leading economy of the East Midlands, Leicester is a vibrant student city and is well connected to the rest of the country by road and rail. Nearly 50,000 people are involved in its space technology sector alone, while its location in the UK’s “golden triangle” of logistics operations has contributed to its 35 percent growth in business investment over the past five years – a higher increase than in London, Birmingham and Nottingham. The average house price in the city is £266,710, up 21 percent in the past two years. Leicester’s large student population has long provided , and investors from London have been actively purchasing terraced two-bedroom houses for about £160,000, according to Remi Jackson, of agent Connells. The UK’s second biggest city, Birmingham, has been positioning itself as a major business hub for several years, and house prices went up by ­five percent to 10 percent a year between 2015 and 2018, according to Knight Frank estate agency. The city’s average prices now sit at £234,320, up 19 percent in two years. The city centre has been transformed into a glossy new retail and restaurant destination. In 2016, Birmingham was the most popular city centre for London migrants, and it continues to attract young ­buyers from the capital looking for value for money, especially during this new age of flexible working, according to Joe Shorney, of Savills.