In 2021 the Royal Family welcomed four new royal babies into the fold, with one baby born to Princess Eugenie and another baby born to Princess Beatrice. In February 2021, Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank welcomed their son, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank at the Portland Hospital. And in September 2021, Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi welcomed their first daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi. The only children of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie are known to have an incredible sisterly bond. As the Queen's granddaughters, Beatrice and Eugenie both know what it is like to grow up in the public eye. With Eugenie and Beatrice both becoming mothers within the space of a few months last year, the sisters are likely closer than ever now. And as their two babies are similar in age, August and Sienna will likely grow up spending a lot of time together as royal cousins. READ MORE: 'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights Sienna's father Edoardo has links to the Italian nobility through his father, Count Alessandro Mapelli Mozzi, a former Olympic skier. Edoardo's father told the Mail on Sunday before the couple's wedding in 2020: "Edoardo is the only male descendent taking the family into the next generation. "He is a count – his wife will be a countess automatically and any of their children will be counts or nobile donna." So technically, baby Sienna can use the courtesy title of nobile donna, but this isn't a royal title like the ones held by several members of the British Royal Family.   Although Sienna has a courtesy title through her paternal family, neither Sienna nor August has a royal title from the Queen. Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie both have Princess titles and HRH status as they are the grandchildren of the monarch through the Queen's second son, Prince Andrew. In 1917, a Letters Patent issued by King George V stipulated who could get royal titles in the Royal Family.  DON'T MISS:‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice could get official role as Queen falls ill [INSIGHT]Fergie stuns in embellished black gown with nod to Princess Beatrice [PICTURES] The Letters Patent explained that the only royals eligible for HRH and Prince or Princess titles are "the children of any Sovereign of these Realms and the children of the sons of any such Sovereign and the eldest living son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales". For this reason, Beatrice and Eugenie got royal titles, but Princess Anne's children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall had no titles at all. And the rules also mean Beatrice and Eugenie's children Sienna and August are not eligible for royal titles from the Queen either. Most of the Queen's great-grandchildren do not have royal titles, except for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, who are directly in line to the throne. 