The Ministry of Defence says that UK sea, land and air forces have arrived to reinforce NATO in the East in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. British tanks have been arriving in Estonia as part of NATO moves to strengthen its eastern flank after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The Ministry of Defence said Challenger 2 tanks and armoured vehicles from the Royal Welsh battlegroup have reached the Baltic state from Germany.  Around 1,000 troops and more equipment are due in the coming days in a doubling of the British military presence in the country, where the UK leads a Nato battlegroup. RAF Typhoon fighter jets based at Akrotiri in Cyprus, supported by Voyager air-to-air refuelling aircraft, have completed their first air policing missions alongside Nato allies over Poland and Romania. The Royal Navy offshore patrol vessel HMS Trent has been taking part in Nato exercises in the eastern Mediterranean with Merlin helicopters and RAF P8 Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft. They are due to be joined by HMS Diamond, a Type 45 destroyer, which set sail from Portsmouth on Friday. The moves came after a virtual summit of Nato leaders on Friday agreed to deploy elements of the alliance's 40,000-strong response force to eastern member states amid fears they could be the next target for President Vladimir Putin following the invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Russian Army singers attacked by special forces for singing of peace  DON'T MISS:Prince George could face major move [ROYALS]Gardening revolution in full swing - latest trend [REPORT]China's ties with Russia tested as Beijing fails to back war [REVEAL] Ukraine remains upbeat in spite of the ongoing surge of Russian forces. President Volodomyr Zelenskyy has said his forces are still in control of the capital Kyiv and is appealing to the country's "friends" abroad to join the fight against Russia. In a fresh address today he said: "Everyone who can defend Ukraine abroad please do it directly in a united way. "Every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country please come over, we will give you weapons."  Britain leads the battlegroup in Estonia and was due soon to have around 1,800 troops thereafter it promised to double the number of UK forces in the country. Britain also has 140 troops in Poland. Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said: “The UK is already the second-largest contributor in terms of the surge forces that have come forward, second only to the US. “But we’re clear we may need to provide more both in land, sea and air - and we will do, if other NATO allies are unable to respond at the pace we could.” 