Arsenal are aiming to make it three Premier League wins in a row when Wolves visit the Emirates this evening. Mikel Arteta claims to have a fully-fit squad available for an important match in the race for the Champions League qualification spots. Express Sport looks at how the Gunners will line up against Bruno Lage's side. Aaron Ramsdale's distribution wasn't quite at its usual high level against Brentford on Saturday. He cannot afford to make any big mistakes at the back in what is likely to be a tight match. Only Ederson and Alisson have kept more clean sheets than Ramsdale in the top flight this season. One of his shutouts came against Wolves two weeks ago. TOP STORY: Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022  Takehiro Tomiyasu was back on the bench for the 2-1 win over Brentford following a groin injury. However, Cedric Soares has impressed in his last two outings, including the reverse fixture against Wolves. The Portuguese could therefore maintain his position on the right side of defence for now. Ben White and Gabriel are the preferred centre-back pairing and will start every game together if fit. Kieran Tierney is back to being the first-choice left-back for Arteta after a brief spell out of the side earlier this season. DON'T MISSChelsea duo 'very close' to Barcelona moves as part of Erling Haaland plan [GOSSIP]Ralf Rangnick has already suggested exciting Paul Pogba replacement to Man Utd board [TRANSFERS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he made one big mistake during Lille win [INTERVIEW]  Arteta should once again be able to call upon his best midfield trio. Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka are undoubtedly the best deeper-lying pairing Arsenal have. Xhaka may have let Arsenal down too many times in the past but Arteta relies on the Swiss international. Martin Odegaard had a fine game against Brentford at No 10 but needs a goal after going 10 matches in all competitions without one.  Gabriel Martinelli will return to the squad following his suspension after being sent off at Molineux. But he may not walk straight into the starting XI for this one. If fit, Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe should start after their fine goals at the weekend. Despite struggling against Brentofrd, captain Alexandre Lacazette should start unless Arteta wants to give Martinelli a chance through the middle. Arsenal's expected XI vs Wolves in full: Ramsdale; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Odegaard, Smith Rowe; Lacazette Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 