Winter is a slow time for gardening with most plants in their dormant state, but the cold weather offers the perfect conditions for much-needed pruning. Removing dead or diseased growth ahead of the flowering season focuses the plants’ energy on fresh foliage, and bright blooms. Getting out in the garden to complete some late-winter pruning will put your garden in good stead ahead of spring - and these are all the plants you should focus on. Winter pruning should be done to encourage vigour for more fruitful crops and well-tamed shrubs. While the general idea of pruning is to tidy up excess growth and re-shape shrubs, there are some key plants that should be done right now. This British classic is ready to be pruned before the leaves emerge. The National Trust says: “Cut back the plant to about half to create an even, rounded shape, and remove any dead, damaged or diseased stems.” For rose bushes, cut branches back to just above the bud - within a few centimetres of the ground. READ MORE: How to wash your bed sheets - why you need to wash them every week To secure the bright pink petals of rhododendrons, begin pruning them now. Follow the branch down to the last whorl of leaves and cut just above them. Larger, overgrown rhododendrons should be cut to between 12 and 15 inches. Generously prune overgrown honeysuckle to encourage healthy, new growth in time for spring. Ornamental grasses bring movement, texture and bold colour to the garden all year round - but now is the best time to prune them. Clip back old foliage before new growth begins - cut back to within a few centimetres from the ground. Tidy up woody perennials by cutting back old stems. Focus on oak and maple trees, but take care while pruning to avoid removing new growth. Now is the time to cut back willow trees by removing damaged and diseased stems. Remove the oldest stems of brightly coloured willows and gently thin out clustered branches to prevent overcrowding. Hellebore Remove old hellebore leaves to expose the new blooms as they emerge this spring.   Known as the ‘queen of climbers’, cutting back clematis in winter is crucial to keep a strong structure. Cut back to between 30 and 45 centimetres from the ground. Prune stems to just above a healthy new bud, leaving some stems untouched on vigorous plants to achieve varying heights. Deciduous cherubs should be pruned now to prevent the plant from growing beyond its allocated space. Known as renovation pruning, cutting back, and tidying up excess growth will stop the plant from becoming unproductive. Prune the plant to a tidy, rounded shape to stimulate new growth and healthy blooms. Focus on cotinus, berberis, flowering currants and magnolias, says Gardener’s World. Apple and pear trees can be pruned up until the middle of March to encourage summer fruits. Pruning fruit trees now will channel the energy into remaining buds to stimulate new buds and blossoms when the growing season begins. Try to achieve a rounded shape that is wider at the top and more narrow towards the trunk. Hollow the centre of the tree to avoid congestion and cut shoots coming from the base. Cut-back crossing branches and as always, remove dead or diseased growth. Gardeners’ World says: “Do not prune stone fruits, such as cherries or plums, in winter as they risk being infected by a fungal disease called silver leaf.“Prune them in early or midsummer instead.”