The future of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is currently up in the air. Following the final episode of the Disney Plus show Loki, and the recently released Spider-Man: No Way Home, the comic book franchise has opened up the multiverse. This means any kind of hero could enter the MCU at any time. A new Marvel leak suggests one of these newcomer heroes is going to be clad in leather, chains, and hellfire. Yes, Ghost Rider is rumoured to be joining the series going forward. Noted Marvel leaker Charles Murphy previously claimed Marvel were "in talks" with someone about the role. Now, he has confirmed the House of Mouse has "chosen an actor" for Ghost Rider. The hellish hero was previously played by Nicolas Cage in the 2007 film Ghost Rider and its 2011 sequel Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance. But going forward? One actor seems to have his eye on the role. A key member of The Walking Dead family has called on Marvel to cast him as the undead warrior: Norman Reedus. Reedus has expressed a lot of interest in becoming the face behind the flaming skull of Johnny Blaze. Now, he has confirmed talks have been happening with him in mind. He was asked if he is going to be Ghost Rider. He replied: "I don't know," before adding: "There's been a lot of talk over the last couple years. I do not have an answer for you." (Via ComicBook) While he would not confirm his spot, the fact he knows about ongoing talks is a huge sign of his involvement. What's more, his demure answer is a massive departure from the response he gave to the same question just last year. READ MORE: Doctor Strange 2: Deadpool creator all but confirms massive fan theory Reedus said in July: "The Ghost Rider conversation has been coming up for years, and yeah, tell them to put me in it. I want to play Ghost Rider." He added: "I want a fire skull. I want my face to turn into a fire skull and whip a chain around. That would be great." The American actor also took the opportunity to point out how similar he is to the character. His Walking Dead character, Daryl Dixon, mirrors Reedus' persona and is constantly covered in leather and rides a Harley Davidson motorcycle. On this, he pointed out: "I got 12 [motorcycles]. I'd just pick one. I'll do it, yeah." That isn't the only piece of information pointing towards the arrival of Ghost Rider. Ghost Rider's arrival is extremely likely considering some newcomers to the MCU. DON'T MISS...Dune star slams 'f*****g dumb' Oscars over 'flummoxing' snub [NEWS]Doctor Strange 2: Deadpool creator all but confirms massive fan theory [INFO]Fantastic Four star shares update on disastrous failure [INSIGHT] Eternals introduced two new dark and mystical characters into the MCU for the first time: Black Knight and Blade. These two characters (played by Kit Harington and Mahershala Ali respectively) fight the forces of evil in the dead of night and make up a portion of one of Marvel's most prestigious groups: The Midnight Sons. This superhero team is made up of the aforementioned heroes, as well as Moon Knight, Scarlet Spider, Doctor Strange, Punisher, Morbius, and - of course - Ghost Rider. If Ghost Rider is brought onto the scene in the coming films and TV shows, he will surely be inducted into this hero squad. But with the multiverse raging, will fans see Cage's portrayal of the character as well? Or could fans even see the live-action Robbie Reyes that was introduced in Agents of SHIELD (portrayed by Gabriel Luna)? All Marvel content is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE