Kell Brook's trainer, Dominic Ingle, has urged promoter Ben Shalom to make a fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr after the Sheffield-based fighter's superb victory over Amir Khan on Saturday night. At 35-years-old, where Brook goes from here is a topic of debate, but his camp are evidently on the hunt for at least one more blockbuster bout before hanging up the gloves. Brook and Khan faced off in a hotly-anticipated match-up on Saturday evening, which promised to resolve a grudge that has raged on for almost two decades. From the word go, Brook asked questions of his rival in Manchester, who had been out of the ring for over two years. After Khan showed admirable heart to soak up some punishing shots, Brook stepped on the gas in round six in an attempt to score his dream knockout. Having failed to throw back after a minute-long barrage of punches, the referee stepped in to stop the onslaught on Khan, rubber-stamping Brook's TKO victory. READ MORE: Ricky Hatton in 'advanced talks' over boxing comeback fight vs Marco Antonio Barrera "We got the fight, I hope you all enjoyed it," said Ingle during the post-fight press conference. "Kell did put the work in. Whether there's anymore fights, or whether he needs to do anymore is another matter. "There's got to be some good fights out there, I'm thinking Mayweather. Get Mayweather out of retirement and we'll make that fight. "If it can be made, Ben, you're the man apparently. Get in touch with Floyd.  "Whether it's an exhibition or a fight, whatever it is, it's something that you can probably do." Mayweather has been out of the ring since fighting YouTube star Logan Paul in an exhibition fight last year, although his last competitive bout was in 2017 against MMA fighter Conor McGregor. Before that, his last competitive contest against an opponent with professional boxing pedigree came against Andre Berto almost seven years ago. 'Money' Mayweather has built up an astonishing record of 50 wins without defeat, and it remains to be seen whether a fight with Brook would perk his interest. Conor Benn and Chris Eubank Jr have both called out Saturday night's victor in what would be a huge encounter for either fighter. The reaction to Brook's all-British showdown with Khan could therefore tempt him in that direction if Shalom is unable to organise a fight with Mayweather. Plenty of talk has also focused on where Khan goes after his defeat, as the former Olympic silver medallist dropped an almighty retirement hint following his TKO defeat. "The love of the sport isn’t there any more," he told Sky Sports, "That is a sign for me that I should maybe be calling it a day."