Lewis Hamilton was considering quitting F1 this winter after being denied a record eighth title last year following a controversial end to the season - but Red Bull chief Christian Horner thinks the Briton was always going to return to the track. Hamilton’s future in the sport was in doubt after the ace went underground following his 2021 disappointment. But his return was confirmed by Mercedes last week as the Silver Arrows took to Twitter to reveal their No 44 was back. And Horner admits he wasn’t surprised by the announcement. “I think he was always coming back,” Horner told talkSPORT. “He's such a big personality, such a big name in the sport - and having him in the sport is such a big thing. “For Max [Verstappen] to be the first driver to beat him in the hybrid era was a massive achievement.” JUST IN: Christian Horner opens up on battling Mercedes' top lawyers while 'sticky with champagne'  Hamilton had looked set to become the most successful driver in F1 history last year after building a comprehensive lead at the final Grand Prix of the season in Abu Dhabi. But the race turned after Williams’ Nicholas Latifi crashed into a wall late on, which resulted in a safety car being deployed. The Mercedes driver stayed on the track to ensure he didn’t give up his lead, while his title rival Verstappen pitted for fresh tyres. Race director Michael Masi then caused outrage by allowing five drivers who had come between the title protagonists to overtake and move out of the way, before giving Verstappen the go-ahead to pull level with Hamilton for a one-lap shootout. Verstappen ultimately made the most of his fresh rubber to claim race victory and win his maiden F1 title. DON'T MISS:How Michael Masi reacted to FIA axe as 'personal friend' relays private text messageFIA respond to claims that Mario Andretti's son has applied to enter new F1 teamRacing driver fined £17k for 'urinating behind a post' during red flag break  But Masi’s dubious decision-making in the final stages of the race ended up costing him his job. The Australian has been replaced by Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas, who will now oversee races, while veteran Herbie Blash will act as an adviser. “You could argue that about a lot of decisions throughout the year,” Horner added as he discussed whether Masi’s decisions in Abu Dhabi were incorrect. “It's time to turn a page, move on - there's a new structure in place.”   Hamilton is now set for his second bite of the cherry in his endeavours to move clear of Michael Schumacher at the top of the all-time standings. The German won seven F1 championships, with Hamilton equalling that record after his title success in 2020. Verstappen, meanwhile, will be attempting to back-up his first title with a second one in 2022 to prove the F1 baton has now well and truly been passed to the Dutchman. 