Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway returned with an extravaganza this past weekend as the ITV duo pranked the likes of Jeremy Clarkson, had RuPaul as a guest announcer and wowed with a performance in drag. Many viewers at home loved seeing the pair back on screens but in some corners, there were complaints about the Geordie duo performing in their drag outfits - with Loose Women’s Kaye Adams pointing out some had branded it as donning “woman face”. Sharing their own thoughts, Kaye’s co-stars Carol McGiffin and Denise Welch made no secret of their opposition to the backlash. Bringing up the backlash, Kaye said some fans had “accused them of doing something I’d never heard of actually, which is you ‘woman face’…” Carol began shaking her head vigorously as Kaye tried to continue: “So, I mean it’s a really interesting one for you Denise because you grew up -“ However, she was cut off by an exasperated Carol whose sighs drowned out the ITV host. “Sorry, Carol,” Kaye chuckled before Carol in disbelief blasted: “I can’t live in this world anymore, I can’t!” READ MORE: Ant and Dec backlash: Saturday Night Takeaway stars hit by Ofcom The panel shared a laugh as Denise quickly jumped in to share her no-holds-barred viewpoint. “Why don’t we just now in this world now, let’s cancel fun 100 per cent,” she raged. “Yep!” Carol shouted in sarcastic agreement before Denise continued: “Let’s take everything that’s fun out of our lives, “And then we’re done with it and we don’t have to discuss it anymore because that is the way that it’s going!” Referring to Ant and Dec specifically, she weighed in: “That to me was a wonderful celebration. “It was also saying be who you want to be. “I went to the theatre last night, an LGBTQ production called Butter, I’m A Cheerleader, it was fantastic. “There was drag, it’s a comedy about a gay conversion centre but what it’s basically saying is be who you want to be.” DON'T MISS:Kaye Adams wanted show to be cancelled after Jamal Edwards' deathRuth Langsford opens up about wanting to 'give up' on health kickLoose Women's Brenda Edwards breaks silence after son's tragic death She added: “And don’t give a you-know-what about what anybody else says.” Denise reemphasised she viewed the Saturday Night Takeaway as a “celebration” as the rest of the panel agreed. Denise soon turned her argument towards the fact her own father performed in drag as a straight man and it was one of his “favourite” things to do. The Loose Women panel then watched a clip of Denise’s father surprising her on the show a few years ago dressed in his drag attire. Concluding her rant, Denise said: “I’d like to meet the 59 people out of 68 million who complained about it!” And many viewers at home agreed, with Irene Edgar saying on Twitter: “Women would surely only be offended if Ant and Dec in drag looked better than them!! They did look amazing! #LooseWomen #AntandDec.” User @CuddyAnnie echoed: “#LooseWomen When did Drag become offensive? I remember when I was a bit younger going to my first theatre show by myself, and didn't know where to go & thanks to a few in Drag I got pointed in the right way to go. Also does that mean people who got offended don't like Panto?” @indigosylvee weighed in: “As a woman who watches rupaul’s drag race… no a man in drag is NOT offensive to me. #loosewomen.” “People find offence in everything nowadays ..just cancel fun, comedians may aswell find another job! #loosewomen,” @sha4unh_ added while @sazzle0312:  argued: “Who cares if a bloke or a woman wants to do drag it's up to them. I'd like to see who was offended by Ant and Dec doing this #Loosewomen.” (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV.