One woman stood by Michael Jackson's side on stage for ten years. You may not know the name but if you have ever seen any of MJ's concerts live or on recordings then you will have seen the statuesque, bleached-blonde Amazon in a series of towering headdresses wielding a guitar on those famous riffs from Beat It and Black or White. Jennifer Batten played on all three world tours –  Bad (1987–1989), Dangerous (1992) and HIStory (1996–1997) – as well as the 1993 Super Bowl half-time show. In a new interview, she opened up about her incredible years with MJ and how being a child star had shaped him. It's an extraordinary peek into the almost unreal experience of travelling the world with the most famous man on the planet, in extravagant times when each week cost half a million dollars just for travelling and transportation costs. Batten described being part of the entourage as like "moving a small city." Jackson's entourage included over 100 people and the whole tour would often take over three hotels in each city they visited. But, before, each show, the star would gather all the performers together for a 'group prayer' before they went on. MJ would also ask that each day's rehearsals and shows be recorded so he could review footage at night after each set-up day or concert, when everyone else went off to party or rest, and pass on notes the next morning. Like every great artist, he was a perfectionist, but Batten passionately describes what set him apart and used one terrifying moment to explain why. Speaking to the Appetite for Distortion channel she was asked what she thought more people should know about the real Michael Jackson, the man behind the mask. Scroll down to watch the full interview. She said: "He was extremely respectful. A lot of times you hear stories about huge acts that are just a-holes to their band, you know, (who say) 'You guys sleep on the bus and I get the five-star hotel.' Or there are certain people that are notorious... They're yelling at people on stage. Or even Prince. When somebody made a mistake, he'd pull the James Brown thing. He would find you. You know, (saying the) 'You made a mistake on this song, so you owe me $500' kind of thing. "And Michael wasn't like that at all. That was not his upbringing. He was always very respectful to everyone and appreciated us. So it was really wonderful." DON'T MISSMichael Jackson Lisa Marie marriage: 'I never wanted that from him'Michael Jackson: Lisa Marie gives intimate details proving marriage was NOT 'a sham'Elvis was so turned on in classic scene you can see 'Little Elvis' Batten uses one shocking incident to demonstarte Jackson's incredible behaviour to others: "I remember we were at… the Dangerous tour rehearsals. And they were working on something new. They call it the 'cherry picker', where there was this big mechanical arm that would go out over the audience and he'd be on top of them with this cape blown in the wind. "We were rehearsing it. And he's out there with the arm and the arm all of a sudden does this and throws him off. And so he's hanging on to the bars and all the roadies are on their radios like 'Oh, holy sh*t, the boss is in trouble, bring the arm back in.' "And eventually, he comes back on the stage and he gets on the mic. And he goes, 'You know, I don't mean to pull rank, but this needs to be fixed.' "You know, where somebody that hadn't been in show business since they were five years old might have just said, 'You're fired! Ah, this is wrong!' Never saw him lose his sh*t in 10 years. He just wanted to put on a good show. And he wanted people to have a good time." Batten does recall the one thing she was doing that Jackson asked her to change: "There were a few things in the moment where I was really happy to be playing with him. I was having a blast. And I was smiling all the time. "So I'd be smiling while I'm playing the Beat It solo and he didn't like that. He wanted me to snarl because it's a nasty song about fighting. So, you know, just a few small things like that, that he asked for." Batten was also asked if there was any discussion or sign that Jackson wanted to break away from pop music.  She said: "I think he was doing exactly what he wanted to do. I mean, he had the freedom to do whatever he wanted. And so it was such a brilliant move to bring Van Halen into the mix (to create the Beat It guitar solo). I mean, it really worked to expand both of their audiences. Huge, you know. He wanted music that would reach people and I think the pop format is what's going to reach a lot further than a narrow narrower format of metal or rock." As for that Prince comparison, it should be noted that Batten herself never played with him but she has headlined solo shows with Kat Dyson who was the lead guitarist and a vocalist for Prince and The New Power Generation. The pair gave a series of gigs in 2019 where they played the music of the two icons and discussed their experiences working with them.