President Erdogan will face heaping pressure to respond to the ongoing tensions between Russia and Ukraine as the Kremlin continues military aggression. According to Agence France-Presse news agency, President Erdogan has said Turkey does not want to make a choice between the two nations. He said: "We have political and military relations with Russia. We also have political, military and economic ties with Ukraine." Turkey and Ukraine are closely connected - they share the Black Sea and nationals only need an ID card, rather than a visa or passport, to travel between the two. But dependence on Russian energy and gas has left them unable to commit to sanctions over military aggression. Writing in the Washington Post, Asli Aydintasbas said: "Ukraine will be Erdogan’s ultimate balancing act, but there are limits to what Turkey can do. "And those limits will ultimately be imposed by Moscow, not NATO." READ MORE: They started this mess' Brexiteer blames EU for Russian invasion While Turkey has supported the sovereignty and development of countries in the post-Soviet era, it has struck a special relationship with Ukraine, developing a mutually beneficial defence relationship. Turkey sells armed drones to Ukraine in return for advice and guidance on flourishing defence projects, such as developing jet engines. Turkish drones have already been used in Donbas against pro-Russian targets. On Monday, President Putin recognised the eastern Ukrainian regions of Luhansk and Donetsk as "independent". These separatist-controlled areas do not cover all of the Donbass region, although the separatists do claim the full area. On Tuesday, President Putin said he recognised their claims to the whole of Donbass region, increasing the potential of direct confrontation with Kiev’s troops. If Russia moves forward with a full-scale invasion, Turkish armed drones will struggle to make an impact against Russian military might. Turks are likely alarmed by Russia’s behaviour. DON'T MISS: Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin Ms Aydintasbas said: "It was fear of Stalin’s Soviet Union that prompted Turkey to join NATO in 1952. "When the Cold War was over, Turkey championed NATO expansion in Eastern Europe." In 2014, Turkey condemned the annexation of Crimea but refused to join Western sanctions against Russia. Over the last eight years, their dependence has increased significantly, reducing the chances of action. Russians are building Turkey’s first nuclear reactor and have long replaced Europeans in terms of tourism revenue. Russia is also Turkey’s top energy supplier and has built a natural gas pipeline, TurkStream, that brings Russian gas directly to Turkey underneath the Black Sea. Meanwhile, President Erdogan's polls have slid to multi-year lows after his interest rate cuts sparked a currency crisis late last year. This, in turn, sent the living costs soaring and deepened poverty, worsening conditions for the President's working-class base. Neither the economy nor President Erdogan's popularity could likely withstand an energy crisis. Another reason Ankara is stuck on the fence between Russia and Ukraine is because of President Putin's support of Turkey is Syria. Turkey’s ability to operate a “safe zone” on its borders has been based on Moscow’s consent. Turkish President Erdogan will travel to Kiev this week in an attempt to mediate between Ukraine and Russia, though after refusing to be directly involved, it is unclear what sway he will hold.