James Martin is on the small-screen with James Martin’s Saturday Morning on ITV at 9:30 am, demonstrating his delicious meals. He dropped his excess weight through one small change without transforming his diet and exercise routine. James Martin shed an astonishing five stone competing on one of the nation’s favourite TV shows, Strictly Come Dancing, in 2005. As well as impressing the public with his dancing skills, he impressed viewers at home with his dramatic transformation. But, the self-confessed big bloke struggled to keep the weight off over the years. James said: “I looked on social media and every comment was about me being fat. READ MORE: Weight loss: Nutritionist shares 'essential' foods for women “So I lost a stone and a half. And no doubt I’ll lose another stone on this tour.” His method of weight loss wasn’t to spend hours in the gym or try any restrictive diets. Indeed, in his line of work, staying away from decadent foods is next to impossible. He even joked on one of his tours: “If you want to do Weight Watchers this show probably isn’t for you! “I have double cream, full fat milk, cheese and butter and that’s just for one of the side orders on this tour. “But I like food. I’ve always been surrounded by food. I was brought up on a farm, I worked on a farm producing pigs. “You have to understand food and I am seriously passionate about ingredients.” Instead, the star decided to watch what he drank, swapping typically calorific fizzy drinks for water. “The way I lost weight is by cutting down soft drinks. I drink a lot of water, two litres every day. I still eat exactly the same. “Water is the key. As you get older, I realised I don't need to go to the gym, I'm working [in the kitchen] all the time anyway. "Water keeps your brain healthy and it keeps your skin healthy and it keeps your focused – it's crazy when you give up soft drinks how much more your brain feels alive, it's very weird." Dieters can lose weight with small, simple changes, and this is a free, accessible weight loss method that all slimmers can try. As for diet, the chef once revealed that "it’s not the butter consumption" that's responsible for weight gain. "It’s the ready-made food, it’s the packet food, the hidden salt, hidden fat – that’s the problem in this country." “It's not the butter in a butter block, or butter you put on your toast. "It's the fact that not as many people cook in the UK as they do in France or Italy or Spain,” he told The Herald." Cooking fresh food and and swapping fizzy drinks for water may be the way to go, according to the slim chef.