The present events unfolding in Ukraine show this to be true beyond any doubt whatsoever. Is our recollection of recent history so woefully deficient? Vlad tested the waters when he decided the annex Crimea. Obama reacted as did the rest of the world by following an entirely predictable agenda. But Vlad has weathered the storm so to speak and now further emboldened, he’s trying his luck again.  Ukraine in the post-Soviet era is an internationally recognised independent sovereign state within clearly defined borders including Crimea. So, the question must be urgently asked as to what remedy needs to be applied to halt and reverse Russian expansionist ambitions? Or more specifically the resident Kremlin Bully. Vlad’s latest flirtation with intimidating his neighbours on entirely spurious grounds shows him to feel immune and disdainful of the consequences. Our response has been and remains weak and grossly ineffective, reliant almost entirely on the application of external pressures to encourage compliance with the norms of international engagement. Sadly, all this to no avail. Vlad and his bestie in Beijing seem to think that the international legal order does not apply to them when their ambitions dictate. China’s nine-dash line arbitrarily claiming sovereignty over the bulk of the South China Sea is a case in point, despite the additional stamp of International Court opinion and ruling on the matter. China of course contemptuously dismisses this as invalid yet will cite international legal precedent when it suits them to do so. Vlad likewise methinks. The same mindset is clearly evident in Vlad. He firmly believes that the consequences will not hurt him. He’s immune. He’s untouchable. Comrade Xi and his CCP band of buccaneers feel the same. Both of these tyrants have gone to great lengths to build a shield to external pressures, accumulating sufficient resources in our back yard to render any counter move useless. Or so they think, and indeed hope. Common sense ought to be screaming at us that no matter how much we sanction these brutes we will fail to bring them to heel every time we follow this path. How many more times do we need to be taught this lesson? So, what can we do to change that? Well, for one thing, we need to stop looking at things through rose-tinted spectacles. Totalitarians must be seen for what they are. At some point, the nettle perhaps needs to be grasped and a decisive and effective remedy needs applying. Yes, we might get stung, but in the long run we’re going to get well fried if we continue to kick the can down the road and ignore the problem. We have to be equally if not more ruthless. This is after all the only language these ogres understand. The answer lies in what we can do to them inside their domain as opposed to outside of it. What means do we have at our disposal to make their world implode, because that is ultimately what is required. Do we have the bottle? On present showing, we clearly don’t. Or there’s very little evidence of it. The tools are however available for us to do the job. For starters, we could bring Vlad crashing if we were to cripple his banking and financial systems. Totally shut down his ability to move and trade in reserve currencies. Freeze all his available assets, proxies included across the board. Punitive tariffs and bans on his ability to import anything that might shore up his economy. If he was still alive Charlie Wilson would tell you that you have to hit Crazy Ivan hard internally where it really hurts the most. Only when his losses become unbearably high will Vlad take note and reconsider his position. That is of course if he survives that long in Fortress Russia. On the propaganda front, much should be made of the potential suffering of ordinary Russians to satisfy the greed of only one madman. He’s not lacking in partners for this either. Scott Morrisson in Australia needs a boost, so does Vik in Budapest, and let’s not forget our chum in Poland amongst a host of other like-minded folk. When all is said and done though geopolitics is a usual reality of the global era. But on this occasion let’s set it aside for once. The rules-based order just is not working as it should.It’s high-stakes poker on the world stage we’re playing now. Show ‘em or fold? We have a winning hand and it’s high time we played it. Are these folks willing to pay the price? The unfolding tragedy in Ukraine is nothing more than a Vlad ego trip. He hankers after the good old Soviet days of yesteryear. He wants to turn the clock back and assume Stalin’s mantle, being none too choosy about who gets hurt in the process. Oh, for the heady days of the gulag and forced labour. There is opportunity here for Boris to show his leadership skills, to trump (no pun intended) Biden and the loathsome EU hierarchy by standing up to Vlad. He’s not lacking in partners for this either. Scott Morrisson in Australia needs a boost, so does Vik in Budapest, and let’snot forget our chum in Poland amongst a host of other like-minded folks. When all is said done though geopolitics is a usual reality of the global era. But on this occasion let’s set it aside for once. The rules-based order just is not working as it should.It’s high-stakes poker on the world stage we’re playing now. Show ‘em or fold? We have a winning hand and it’s high time we played it.