Where's the determination in that? What are we actually getting for this £12bn. Or will this Government be doing what every Government for decades has done - just chucking obscene amounts of money into the black hole that is our health service and hoping for the best. Because if they’re telling us the backlog won’t start being cleared until 2024 you can bet it’ll be a whole lot longer than that. In England alone there are currently SIX MILLION people waiting for treatment – that’s one in nine of the population. Just as shocking is that the number of patients waiting a year or more for treatment has risen 100-fold since the start of the pandemic to 306,000. Many of those are now living in constant agony. Many more will be housebound having had to put their lives on hold because they cannot walk thanks to desperately needed hip and knee replacements; or because they’re slowly going blind because of cataracts which could be removed in a 20-minute procedure. But still we’re told THAT situation won’t start to ease until 2025. So, with respect to the NHS why the hell are we having to wait THREE years for things to improve? Covid is no longer the monumental problem it was so aren’t waiting lists being reduced as we speak? Pamela Leonard, 65, from Holyhead, Anglesey, has been waiting five years for a hip replacement. She’s in persistent pain, is virtually bedbound because if she tries to get up her hip dislocates. She takes industrial amounts of extreme painkillers which make her disorientated and confused and she’s at risk of addiction to these painkillers. How the hell has this been allowed to happen? Six years ago I waited just five months to have my hip replaced and even in that time my life was hellish. The pain was constant and occupied my every waking thought. I could barely walk. Every step was agony as my hip bone and my hip joint were grating against each other. Working and getting around was hell. I was throwing painkillers down my throat like there was no tomorrow and on many days, the pain was so bad, I bloody well wished there WAS no tomorrow. If I’d had to wait five years in that kind of pain – I don’t know what I’d have done. So why is a health service we keep being told is the best in the world allowing people like Pamela Leonard to live in agony – for years? And there are millions more like her and for a supposedly civilised country that’s nothing short of inhumane. But this inefficiency in our dysfunctional health service hasn’t just happened since the pandemic. It’s been happening for decades. Officially now it’s six million in England waiting for treatment and another 1.2m in the rest of the UK And that translates to millions of people in pain all day, every day. The Government says things will start getting better in 2024 but medical sources fear those figures could double and the backlog could take until 2028 and beyond to clear. This was the week Boris was supposed to tell us all how he was going to clear that backlog. But it hasn’t happened because NHS “suits” are refusing to commit to targets in return for the £12bn extra they’re getting over the next three years. I mean how dare they refuse. How dare Boris let them refuse. And if this isn’t a sign that NOW is the time to completely reform the NHS and force it to be accountable for the money it squanders I don’t know what is. For years we’ve been chucking billions at it and all we have to show for it is an army of incompetent, overpaid managers and “consultants” who appear to be dictating what they will and won’t do in return for our hard earned money. So enough now! Money needs to be spent on patient care not squandered on executives we don’t need and “projects” that never deliver what they promise. And we can’t keep blaming the Tories for the shocking state of the NHS. In 14 years of Tory rule spending on the NHS has risen by 42 percent in real terms. In 2010/11 £124½bn was spent on NHS England. In 2024/25 it’s expected to be £176.4bn. And all we’ve got to show for that is massive levels of fraud, billions poured into a useless test and trace system. Costly blunders with PPE procurement and epic disorganisation and inefficiency. Yes, many of us have uplifting stories about how we or someone we loved has been cared for by devoted doctors and nurses. But they’re not the people responsible for the chaos, the busted budgets, the waste and the dysfunction. Rishi Sunak is right to demand details of how the £12m from the NItax hike is going to be spent because this rise is going to hurt us all so some good has to come out of that. But if our NHS is so cash strapped why last September did it hire 42 executives on up to £272,000 a year – that’s more than the PM. How does spending multimillions on more executives help people living in pain? If Boris and Sunak really are determined to make a difference they must put their current differences aside and find the courage to take on the out- of control monster that is our health service. It needs root and branch reform and it needs to be accountable. There also has to be a plan in place to sack those obscenely paid executives who aren’t performing and who are squandering taxpayers cash. If these people refuse to meet the Government’s targets then get rid of them and hire executives who will. Because anything less is punishing patients – patients who have paid into the system their entire lives and have a right to expect decent health care. Our NHS is longer no longer the best in the world. It’s not even close – not when you have people like Pamela Leonard living in agony for five years because she needs a routine hip operation. Even Third world countries do better than that!