Dancing On Ice and This Morning host Holly Willoughby is partial to a polka dot heel - and she's well renowned for her glamorous style choices on TV. However, one particular pair from the presenter's beloved shoe collection will likely never see the light of day on TV again. Holly posted a photo of a ripped and damaged heel in tatters this morning, admonishing: "Bailey..." The culprit, of course, was one of her much-loved pets, a mischievous puppy whom she acquired last year. Holly might have been aggravated by the mangled mess, but fans were quick to offer her advice on the unlucky incident in the comments section. @today.iamwearing said: "Start a new trend… distressed stiletto!!" READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Meanwhile, an admiring @claireb_life seemed not to even hone in on the damage, simply writing: "Oh my these are beautiful x." Another follower, @lynnbennett_ jokingly corrected: "They were!" @melchell1 sympathised: "My lab pup chewed through the handle of my mulberry Bayswater [handbag]!!! I feel your pain x." @paulacoxill then advised: "Should have put them away x." @Kayle_g added: “Just tidy up the top and pretend it always had a white heel…. oh the joys of being a puppy parent!” Bailey's antics have caused Holly some frustration, as she explained that once her three children had grown up enough to sleep through the night, the star's rest is now being interrupted by her pets. Golden Retriever Bailey has been a regular to the This Morning studio, since she arrived as a newcomer to the Willoughby family back in November 2021. Viewers even saw her bound around on set during the special that aired on Christmas Day. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  However, the 40-year-old jokingly called her out for her naughtiness when the show invited animal behavioural expert Graeme Hall, known as the 'Dog Father', on air. She wasted no time in labelling the often cantankerous canine "lazy", while asking for his help on the matter. Holly had been keen to get her pet to enjoy the great outdoors with her, but it turned out that she more often took the pup for a "drag", rather than an actual walk. "My Bailey is lovely in every single way," Holly began. "However, she’s very lazy and I find her very difficult to walk.” “You take her out for a drag don’t you?” Phillip Schofield joked of the calamity. “I literally do,” Holly said. “She just sits there and will not move.” “She’ll lie down and I’ll end up carrying her. The only way I can get her to exercise is if I take her to a dog park, let her off the lead, and then she runs around like a lunatic with other dogs.” "She’s basically doing it on her terms, isn’t she?” Graeme responded. “She’s like: ‘I’ll run around when it suits me but if you want to, Mum, I don’t think so’." Bailey's boisterous energy instead seems to come out at inappropriate times, including the middle of the night when the household are sleeping - and, of course, when she sees a shoe worth chewing up.