Power Book III: Raising Kanan was the second spin-off to be released following the success of the original drama and Power Book II: Ghost. The 1990s prequel shows what life was like for Kanan Stark (played by Curtis Jackson) growing up in the world of drug dealers in South Jamaica. Starz showed it had plenty of confidence in the latest series by giving it an early renewal. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book III: Raising Kanan.Raising Kanan made its big debut on Starz on Sunday, July 18, 2021, just a couple of months before the second series of Power Book II: Ghost premiered. But Power Book III's future had already been declared, even before the first episode aired. Starz gave the green light for season two of Raising Kanan a week before it started so is continuing to commit to the Power franchise. While fans will be excited to see the prequel return, there have been filming issues behind the scenes. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life Earlier this month, show creator Courtney Kemp took part in an Instagram Live to give fans an update on Power Book III. This way, fans could hear from the showrunner and creator when season two would begin. During the Q&A, she was asked when the drama would be returning for season two which is when she revealed there will be a delay. Kemp explained: “I don’t have a date, but I can tell you they are shooting the finale right now." “We had to push part of the season because of Covid.” Kemp continued. “The Omicron surge made us have to delay the beginning of [Power Book II: Ghost’s season three] and take a break in the middle of Raising Kanan season two. "It’s going to be on a little later as a result, but like a tiny bit. "And I think it’s actually more going to affect the second half of the season, but not that much.” DON'T MISS...Power Book 4 star teases Diamond and Jenard rematch [TEASER]Outlander deleted scene: Brianna Fraser fears Jamie and Claire's death [EXPLAINER]Outlander author shares disappointing update on beloved character [UPDATE] Season one of Power Book III: Raising Kanan came out in July 2021 on Starz. If Kemp is correct in that the start will not be affected, viewers can expect season two to begin in around five months' time. Typically, American shows take midseason hiatuses, taking a break from airing every week. Due to the filming delay, the hiatus in season two of Raising Kanan maybe a little longer than usual. Power Book III season one ended with Raq (played by Patina Miller) ordering Kanan (Mekai Curtis) to kill his dad, Detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps). But unbeknown to her, Kanan did shoot the Detective but got freaked out when he saw a witness and so made a run for it but not before he fell over and scraped his hand on the ground, leaving some DNA at the scene. Detective Howard was taken to hospital where he woke up in the final few minutes of the episode but will he confess the identity of his shooter? The Power franchise is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.