The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out yesterday with Prince William and Prince George to watch England vs Wales in the Six Nations. Ever chic and stylish, Kate opted for the Knightsbridge Houndstooth Coat from Holland Cooper Clothing. This black and white coat, retailed at £449, appears to be a new purchase. The Duchess has not been spotted wearing it before. However, the environmentally friendly royal kept most of her outfit sustainable, repeating a few key pieces. READ MORE: 'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can She chose to recycle her Freida Black Crepe Cigarette trousers, priced at £125. Just a few weeks ago, the Duchess wore the same pair when she visited PACT (Parents and Children Together). Opting for another timeless and sophisticated ensemble, the Duchess accessorised with a fitted black and white checked blazer, simple black top and black stilettos. At the rugby match, Kate carried an elegant Tusting bag in taupe, which she has been pictured with previously. This classic, versatile bag is a great staple and can be worn in a variety of ways. The Duchess previously paired it with loose, floor-length navy trousers and a taupe blazer on top of a white t-shirt during a visit to RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire in September 2021. As for her Gian Vitrossi Piper 85 black pumps, these were also a repeat. She has been spotted in the practical yet stylish £535 shoes on several occasions. Unafraid to be papped wearing the same thing twice, Kate was spotted wearing these pumps seven times between March and November 2019, as reported by Kate Middleton’s Style Blog. She then wore them four times in 2020 and has been spotted in them three times in 2022 – so far. One Kate fan took to Instagram, stating: “These have become her favourite shoes!” Kate fans can get their hands on the Piper 85 pumps in taupe as well. The Duchess of Cambridge is known for her love of high street fashion, and a lot of her everyday jewellery was bought on the high street too. Yesterday’s look was complete with Twisted Circle Drop Earrings from high street favourite Accessorize. Unsurprisingly, the Duchess showed off her luscious locks by wearing her hair down. As is typical for Kate, her makeup was minimal, although she did boast a slightly smoky eye. Of course, the ensemble wouldn’t be complete without a navy scarf emblazoned with ‘England Rugby’, as she watched the team her team beat Wales 23-19. @myroyalaccount commented: “Love this look, fabulous!”