Marking six years on the show, Dan Walker has continued to be a friendly face amongst BBC audiences. Having replaced Bill Turnbull, the former Strictly star is often seen delivering news from Monday to Wednesday beside his co-star Sally Nugent. After winning praise for his interview with Liz Truss last week, the newsreader continues to be a much-loved host to loyal viewers. In a recent interview, the sports journalist had likened his job to a “challenge” which he relishes, but could Dan be contemplating early retirement? When asked what his future on the show could look like, the 44-year-old confessed: “Honestly, I can't say I'll be here for 10 years because who knows? “I think I told you before, I definitely wouldn't stay as long as Bill Turnbull's been knocking about for. “I love new challenges, but I love this challenge. “And I really love the programme and I love working with the people so I don't see myself going anywhere soon,” he told The Mirror. READ MORE:Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? Luckily for fellow presenter Sally Nugent, who has often praised her co-host, Dan has no exit plans for the foreseeable future. Speaking about Dan, the 50-year-old newsreader gushed: “He’s the perfect colleague because he knows when to talk, when to listen and when to laugh.” “Live TV isn’t scary – it’s the best fun– I trust Dan completely,” she told Radio Times. On Monday, for the first time in two years, the presenters rejoined on the sofa without social distancing, much to their delight. The major change came after the pair were able to sit together as the government removed all COVID-19 restrictions in England. Taking to social media, Dan beamed: “Good morning world. "Yes… we are sitting closer together for the first time in two years. “I hope you’re ok this morning. “We have a busy #BBCBreakfast with the very latest on the war in Ukraine and the rest of the news,” he told fans. Along with the caption, Dan shared a sweet snap of the presenters as they smiled together shoulder-to-shoulder on the red sofa. Earlier last year, Sally replaced former host Louise Minchin, who announced her departure after 20 years in broadcasting. Dan had often praised his close pal and former colleague as "a fierce campaigner, a brilliant journalist and a really good friend" with whom he appeared alongside. The 53-year-old journalist featured on the BBC One morning programme in 2001 and worked her way to the top as a lead presenter in 2012 when production moved to Salford. During her tenure on the morning show, Louise has covered groundbreaking events, including some of the world’s major global news stories. The newsreader delivered news from the last three general elections, Brexit and the COVID-19 pandemic, to name a few. Although her decision to step down came after Louise shared her desire to spend more family time with her husband and children. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am