It was an eventful week both on and off the court on the ATP Tour last week, with four tournaments held while Novak Djokovic finally broke his silence on his visa ordeal in Australia and his vaccine stance. The world No 1 confirmed his beliefs were stronger than his desire to win the biggest titles, admitting he'd skip the likes of Wimbledon if vaccination was required. On the court, Andy Murray won just one game in his Doha second-round loss, while it was a different story for Britain's No 1 Cameron Norrie who lifted his third title in Delray Beach. Andrey Rublev was victorious in Marseille and 18-year-old Carlos Alcaraz became the youngest player in history to win an ATP 500 title in Rio while on the women's side, former French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko completed an astonishing run in Dubai by lifting the trophy. This week, Rafael Nadal plays his first match since winning a record 21st Grand Slam while Emma Raducanu returns to competition after having her Australian Open campaign derailed by blistering. And Djokovic's long-awaited 2022 season finally begins in Dubai, though he will be in a fight to keep his world No 1 ranking with Daniil Medvedev in action in Acapulco and hot on his heels for the top spot. Express Sport takes a look at the biggest stories from both on and off the court over the last week. Djokovic's 2022 season finally gets underway on Monday in Dubai after he was forced to miss the Australian Open due to his vaccination status and views. The Serb was deported on the eve of the tournament as it was ruled his presence could "excite anti-vax sentiment" in the country and last week he gave an in-depth interview to the BBC, admitting he'd miss more Grand Slam tournaments if it meant compromising his beliefs. Asked whether he'd be prepared to skip the French Open or Wimbledon if they required full vaccination he said: "Yes, that is the price that I'm willing to pay. Because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I'm trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can." But the 20-time Major champion admitted he wasn't against vaccination, instead saying he had so far decided against getting the vacciation "based on all the information that I got". JUST IN: Rafael Nadal fires direct warning to Novak Djokovic over Grand Slams   "I was never against vaccination. I understand that globally, everyone is trying to put a big effort into handling this virus and seeing, hopefully, an end soon to this virus," he said. The world No 1 also addressed his deportation from Australia, confirming his medical exemption - granted by Tennis Australia on the basis that he had tested positive for Covid in December - was valid and it was his views that saw his visa revoked. He added: "So actually, what people probably don't know is that I was not deported from Australia on the basis that I was not vaccinated, or I broke any rules or that I made an error in my visa declaration. All of that was actually approved and validated by the Federal Court of Australia and the Minister for Immigration. "The reason why I was deported from Australia was because the Minister for Immigration used his discretion to cancel my visa based on his perception that I might create some anti-vax sentiment in the country or in the city, which I completely disagree with." Djokovic will face Italian wildcard Lorenzo Musetti, who led him by two sets in last year's French Open fouth round, in a Monday night session match at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships to open his season. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic opponent idolises Roger Federer and gives message tauntNick Kyrgios blasted a 'clown and an idiot' in scathing rantNovak Djokovic outlines calendar plans and fires warning to rival   Raducanu and Nadal are two players leading the action this week across five tournaments - two WTA events and three on the ATP side. Both are playing in Mexico, with the young Brit playing the 250-point event in Guadalajara, where she opens against former world No 20 Daria Saville in what will be Raducanu's first match since she crashed out of the Aussie Open while suffering blistering in her round two match, leaving her unable to properly serve or hit forehands. The Spaniard is over in Acapulco for the ATP 500 event alongside his fellow Australian Open finalist Daniil Medvedev, with top ten players Alexander Zverev, Stefanos Tsitsips and Matteo Berrettini also competing in the Abierto Mexicano Telcel. Joining Djokovic in Dubai is Andy Murray, the 2017 champion who will be hoping to bounce back from his 6-0 6-1 loss to Roberto Bautista Agut in Doha last week as he faces Aussie qualifier Christopher O'Connell in round one. And it's the WTA players in Doha this week for a 1000-point event with seven of the world's top ten in action, while the ATP 250 in Chile, headed be top seed Cristian Garin, rounds off the stacked selection of tournaments this week. Cameron Norrie lifted the third title of his career after a shaky start to 2022 as he beat towering American Reilly Opelka in the final of the Delray Beach Open on Sunday. Set to compete in Acapulco this week, the British No 1 was drawn to play 18-year-old Carlos Alcaraz, who has since withdrawn after picking up a title himself in Rio within minutes of Norrie's triumph. The teenager has long been tipped for huge success, with Murray branding him a future world No 1 ahead of their Indian Wells clash last year, while many have compared him to another successful Spaniard, Nadal. He became the youngest ATP 500 title winner in history when he beat former champion Diego Schwartzman 6-4 6-2 in the final, and makes his top 20 debut in Monday's updated rankings. Andrey Rublev was the final title winner on the men's side, beating Felix Auger-Aliassime in the Marseille final, who had finally lifted his first title the week before in Montpellier. 2017 French Open champion and former world No 5 Jelena Ostapenko lifted the title at the WTA 500 in Dubai, beating four fellow Grand Slam winners en route to the final - Sofia Kenin, Iga Swiatek, Petra Kvitova and Simona Halep. The Latvian is now closing in on a return to the world's top ten, rising eight places to No 13 in this week's rankings after defeating Veronika Kudermetova 6-0 6-4 in Saturday's final. Djokovic's lengthy reign as world No 1 could come to an end this week. Daniil Medvedev has been hot on his heels since Australia, with the Serb losing his 2,000 ranking points after being unable to defend his title, while the 26-year-old retained his runner-up points from 2021. With both in action this week as the top seeds in Dubai and Acapulco respectively, Djokovic will be competing to keep the Russian away from his top spot, having held it for 361 weeks; a record for a male player. It will all come down to where they lose in their tournaments, with a round one or two exit for Djokovic automatically gifting Medvedev the No 1 ranking. If Djokovic loses in the Dubai quarter-final, Medvedev will need to make the second round in Acapulco, with the challenge extending each round. A semi-final loss for Djokovic means Medvedev needs to make the quarters, and a finals loss for Djokovic means Medvedev needs to reach the final of Acapulco himself. But even if the Serb wins Dubai, he can still lose the top ranking if Medvedev also lifts the title in Acapulco. The current world Nos 1 and 2 share a good relationship off the court, and the 34-year-old admitted he would be happy to see the US Open champion take the top spot, which would mark the first time since 2004 that a player outside of the Big Four reached world No 1. "Eventually it's going to happen and if it happens this week I'll be the first one to congratulate him," Djokovic said.