Sally Kellerman has died at the age of 84 after a battle with dementia. The star was best known for her Oscar-nominated performance as Maj. Margaret “Hot Lips” Houlihan in Robert Altman’s M*A*S*H. Her son Jack Krane confirmed the news she died on Thursday morning in a statement. She had been at an assisted care facility amid her battle with dementia. Sally, who was known for her distinctive husky voice, had an acting career of more than 60 years. The star was born in Long Beach, California, where she almost launched a singing career. However, she turned her hand to acting instead after High School, enrolling in acting classes at college. Sally made her camera debut in the film Reform School Girl in 1957, while attending Los Angeles City College. Throughout the 1960s, she appeared in several stage productions as well as shows like Hawaii Five-O and The Invaders. Many will remember her stand-out performance in the Star Trek episode Where No Man Has Gone Before. She played Dr Elizabeth Dehner on the USS Enterprise alongside William Shatner's Captain Kirk. However, her breakthrough came in M*A*S*H in 1970 where she earned multiple award nominations. These included an Oscar nom, a Golden Globe nom and a win at the Goldern Laurel awards. Sally's other notable films and shows included Last of the Red Hot Lovers, Back to School, The Twilight Zone, 90210, Chemistry and Maron.  DON'T MISS... Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [TWITTER]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [PICTURES] In her personal life, Sally was married to producer Rick Edelstein from 1970 until 1972. She later wed Jonathan D Krane, a screenwriter, in 1980 and they were together until his death in 2016. Following the news of her death, tributes have been pouring in for the acclaimed actress. Filmmaker Jesse Hawken wrote on Twitter: "RIP to a real one, the great Sally Kellerman." Rhino Records wrote: "Sad news from the world of Hollywood: actress Sally Kellerman has died at the age of 84. "Among her many stellar performances: Jodi Foster's mom in the harrowing 1980 teen coming-of-age flick, FOXES." Writer Mark Strauss penned: “Captain's log, Star date 1313.8. Add to official losses, Doctor Elizabeth Dehner. Be it noted she gave her life in performance of her duty. "Farewell, Sally Kellerman." Matt Oswalt added: "RIP Sally Kellerman, always loved her work."