The continuing jump in energy prices is currently getting a much-unwanted boost from the risk of a war in Eastern Europe that has seen Russia mass more than 100,000 troops along its border with Ukraine. This has triggered increasing inflation pressures, which forces central banks restricts the central banks' room for manoeuvre. "The world is thus heading towards an economic crisis without the central banks being able to counteract this with traditional monetary policy measures", warned Daniel Eckert, Financial Editor, and Holger Zschäpitz, Leading Economic Editor, writing for German newspaper WELT. During recent years in times of financial crisis, the American Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank and the Bank of England have been key helpers. But now institutions may be forced to take money off the table, amid fears rising inflation could be fuelled even further, according to the experts, who warned: "For the time being, stock market traders cannot hope that the central banks will rush to their aid." Signs of trouble are clearly evident as on Monday, the German stock index fell to its lowest level since autumn 2021, with the biggest lowers being the Dax was Deutsche Bank. The leading German index has already lost around six percent of its value this year while elsewhere, the American Nasdaq Composite, which mainly includes technology and growth stocks, has lost a huge 12 percent. The German technology index TecDax even worse, losing an eye-watering 17 percent in 2022 and is quickly falling to almost a fifth below its high. Surging oil prices are proving to be a massive problem as at the beginning of the week, this jumped to its highest level since September 2014. Calculated in euros, the price of fossil fuels has skyrocketed by more than a fifth (22 percent) already in 2022 while overall, the price of gas in Europe has jumped a further 15 percent after having risen significantly in 2021. During energy costs inevitably have a domino effect on consumer prices in several countries, with inflation standing at 4.9 percent in Germany last month. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: EU chief sets exact date axe to fall on on City The situation is even worse in the US, with President Joe Biden coming under huge pressure as experts reported inflation of 7.5 percent - the highest in nearly 40 years. The WELT financial experts warned: "The current inflationary wave is one of the strongest in recent decades. "On the one hand, this is due to the fact that energy makes up a large proportion of the consumer basket and, on the other hand, the price increases are extreme. "The surcharges on the energy exchanges are severe. The wholesale price for natural gas in Europe was recently 390 percent above the level at the beginning of 2021, and the wholesale price for electricity – which currently depends largely on the gas price – has jumped 180 percent." DON'T MISSGermany crippled by soaring energy crisis [LATEST]EU financial grab could hit Eurozone 'hard' [REPORT]Global financial crash: BoE chief urged to hold urgent talks [COMMENTS] The German Federal Statistics Office has already warned household energy (gas and electric) has become 18 percent more expensive over the past year, with other fuels 25 percent more expensive. The experts further warned: "In the past, exploding energy prices often heralded a bear market on the stock exchanges. "Most analysts are still sticking to their optimistic stock forecasts, but the toxic mixture could render the forecasts invalid." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.