Many pilots shared their thoughts online, with many agreeing the worst spot on the plane for turbulence are the seats in the back. Passengers sitting at the back of the plane will experience more turbulence since the airflow goes from front to back. Sitting in the middle, over the wings, is where the air is smoothest and tends to be the most comfortable seat, especially for nervous flyers. Pilot and author of Cockpit Confidential Patrick Smith said: "A plane is like a seesaw. "If you're in the middle, you don't move as much." READ MORE: Devon to ban wild camping after 'antisocial behaviour'  The back of the plane is where holidaymakers will feel turbulence the most. Jerry Johnson, another aeroplane pilot, recommended nervous fliers to always book morning flights. He explained: "The heating of the ground later causes bumpier air, and it’s much more likely to thunderstorm in the afternoon." For those who are always cold, sitting at the front of the plane is their best option as it is always warmer than at the back of the aircraft.  Aeroplane crashes are extremely rare, but if travellers want to make sure they get the safest spot on the plane, there is one proven to increase the "chances of survival". Despite being the bumpiest place to sit, the back of the plane is believed the be the safest. Dan Boland, co-founder of Holidaypromocode.com, explained: “This has been proven in both real and simulated accidents, as the tail will tend to separate first or be the last spot to impact. “That’s why aircraft black boxes are always in the tail section." Most passengers try to avoid sitting at the back as it is close to the lavatories, where other passengers often stand and queue for a long time. Some travellers also wondered why flight attendants always ask to keep the window blinds up when landing. Commercial helicopter pilot Marshall Smith explained: "This has to do with safety. "The purpose is to allow your eyes to adjust to the outdoor light levels. "That is so if there is an emergency and you have to rapidly evacuate you won’t be blinded by the sudden burst of light." The pilot continued: "This is also why they turn the lights off when landing at night. "So that your eyes will be adjusted to the dark in case you have to evacuate since already being adjusted to darkness means you can see immediately and don’t have to wait for your eyes to adjust to the darkness."