Starstruck judges Jason Manford, Adam Lambert, Sheridan Smith and Beverley Knight returned to screens on Saturday night where a new set of contestants took centre stage in the new ITV singing competition. The show sees ordinary members of the public with exceptional talent team up to transform into some of the world’s biggest music icons. In the programme’s latest instalment, fans saw the tribute acts take on the likes of Celine Dion, Rag N Bone Man, Tina Turner and none other than the show’s host Olly Murs. After the three Olly lookalikes had performed, Jason took a cheeky swipe at his ITV co-star, much to the surprise of viewers at home. After performing his hit classic Dance with Me Tonight, Olly praised the lookalike group saying: “I’m lost for words. “Honestly, [that was the] best team of the night,” he gushed. Turning to the judging panel, Olly asked: “Jason, over to you, what did you think?” “That was great fun,” Jason continued:  “It’s very rare we get people singing that’s actually better than the original.” READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? After the jibe, a red-faced Olly chuckled: “Keep them coming Jason, keep it coming.” Not holding back, Jason joked: “They spend less time in hair and make-up than the real Olly. However, the former Xtra Factor host snapped back at the comic with a ruthless swipe. Making reference to Jason’s appearance on The Masked Singer, Olly hit back: “At least I don’t have to wear a mask to sing.” Meanwhile, ITV audiences couldn’t help but share their thoughts over the show which has been likened to Stars In Their Eyes. Taking to Twitter, Nick Overheard said: “ITV are currently airing a show presented by Olly Murs where there are three Olly Murs tribute acts performing at once. “I’ve been trying to work out which one’s Peter Kay but worryingly, it appears this is not a sketch.  #Starstruck.” (sic) While Michelle Steel gushed: “Luke was definitely closest looking and sounding to @ollymurs , and loved how the real Olly was like 'thank you' bless him #starstruck.” Bernadette Ford quipped: “@ollymurs didn’t see that coming! #Starstruck.” Michelle Bramha was left aghast by the move, stating: “@ollymurs face watching them how weird #Starstruck.” The series sees four teams of three battle it out each week to win the vote of the expert judging panel and virtual audience for a coveted place in the final and to be in with the chance of winning a whopping £50,000. Viewers of the popular competition were also left distracted over the Rag N Bone acts after one of the performers looked like a politician. In jest, Hay McReary said: “Tonight, Matthew, Nigel Farage on #Starstruck is Rag N Bone Man!” While Alan Law added: “Starstruck got a bloke that looks like Nigel Farage singing as rag n bone man. “Unreal Saturday night TV #Starstruck.” Later on in the show, the Tina Turner lookalikes took victory over their fellow tributing stars after ITV viewers deemed their performance the best. Starstruck airs Saturday on ITV at 8.30pm