Putin ordered troops into Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday morning in a “special military operation”. Russian forces have entered the country through Belarus, Russian-backed separatist regions and Crimea, which it took in 2014.  It is as yet unclear the number of casualties on either side, however there have been reports of some Ukrainian civilians caught up in the fighting. An Express.co.uk source said that there were a large number of injured Russian military personnel being taken to one of the hospitals in the Bryansk Oblast. The region – which is part of Russian territory – borders Belarus and the north-east region of Ukraine. A Ukrainian Telegram channel is also claiming there are “very heavy Russian casualties” being directed to the hospital.  READ MORE: Chernobyl horror as Russian forces invading Ukraine could cause leak Russian forces have also taken the Hostomel airport to the north-west of Kiev, after Ukrainian forces defended from paratroopers. Footage posted online from within Ukraine shows Russian military vehicles abandoned and badly damaged. John Sweeney, an investigative journalist, posted a video showing two smouldering tanks, with the body of a soldier strewn in front. He said the Russian tanks in the “grisly” video had been “zapped”, but was uncertain as to where the video had been taken.  Mr Sweeney added it “shows that the idea that Russian heavy metal can roll into Ukraine without trouble is a Kremlin fantasy.” Another purported to show a Russian helicopter that was shot down on the outskirts of Kiev, the Ukrainian capital. One person posted a picture of a burning tank abandoned at the side of the road next to another military vehicle. They claimed that the scene had been shot in the Sumy oblast near Glukhov, close to the Belarusian border.  DON'T MISS Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT] Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [POLL] Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO [REPORT] One video appeared to show residents in Akhtirka, in the Sumy region, firing at Russian tanks out of their windows. Fierce fighting was taking place in the regions of Sumy and Kharkiv in the northeast, and Kherson and Odessa in the south. As well as the fall of Hostomel airport, a spokesperson for the Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said Russian forces had also taken control of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. Western leaders have reacted with grave concern at the outbreak of hostilities in the country.  Addressing the House of Commons this evening, Boris Johnson described Mr Putin as a “blood-stained aggressor”. He added that the Russian premier “will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands”.  The Prime Minister accused Mr Putin of “trying to redraw the map of Europe in blood and conquer an independent state by force of arms”. Speaking directly to the Russian people, he commented: “I cannot believe that this horror is being done in your name or that you really want the pariah status that these actions will bring to the Putin regime.” 