The Chase star Jenny Ryan, 39, has revealed she is planning to get her cervical screening test done after seeing a reminder on Twitter. She responded to a tweet by BBC presenter Kate Bottley, who posted a photo after having her test. Cervical screenings check the health of your cervix and test for a virus called human papilloma, helping to prevent cancer in the future. Alongside a selfie with the healthcare worker who administered her test, giving the thumbs up, Kate wrote: “This lovely human just did my #cervicalscreening. “If you’re due yours take this as your nudge to book your appointment #smear”. Jenny, who goes by The Vixen on ITV’s The Chase, replied: “I do keep putting it off/forgetting, like it's sending in the meter reading or something. “It's not just admin, though, it could be life-saving. So consider me nudged.” According to the UK National Screening Committee, cervical screenings are estimated to save around 4,500 lives every year. Jenny’s followers praised her for getting the important message out there. Kelly Knight wrote: “Please get it done, I'm only alive today because someone else pushed me x”. Fiona Dow added: “Get it done it mite just save your life...just remember to leave your dignity at the door (sic).” Fiery40H replied: “A test in 2003 saved my life so please do go x”. Meanwhile, Kate replied to her fellow telly star: “I love you … “And you can have doughnuts afterwards”. At the weekend, Jenny reflected on how it had been eight years since the audition that “changed her life”. Presumably referring to landing the spot alongside the likes of Shaun Wallace, Anne Hegerty, Mark Labbett and Paul Sinha, Jenny posted a photo of the Facebook status she wrote on the day. Evidently anxious about whether or not she would get the job, Jenny had penned: “Think happy thoughts, folks.” Alongside the throwback picture, Jenny wrote: “It's the 8th anniversary of the audition that changed my life.” Jess Marshall replied: “And we're extremely grateful you got the gig. Happy Chase audition anniversary! “Hope you're bloody proud of how far you've come, because we all are.” Former The Chase contestant Claire wrote: “Happy 8th anniversary! When I filmed The Chase, I really thought we'd get Shaun or Paul, but I was pleasantly surprised to have you as our teams Chaser. “You are lovely! #teamvixen”. “And a fabulous addition to the chase,” added Julia Waldron.