Last year a change in the law made all adults in England potential organ donors when they die, unless they specifically opt out. But in a third of cases, next of kin are still blocking donations when the deceased has not signed the NHS Organ Donor Register. Yet when a loved one has signed up, 93 percent of relatives give donation their blessing. The Daily Express has been urging readers to join the 27 million on the register and help save the 6,157 sick patients needing a transplant. Launching a debate on Wednesday in London’s Westminster Hall, Anthony Mangnall MP called for more to be done on behalf of one of his constituents – Daily Express cystic fibrosis campaigner Sarah Meredith, who needs a new liver. The Tory MP for Totnes in Devon said: “Thanks to the drug Kaftrio, Sarah and thousands of others with CF can look ahead with a greater quality of life. “However, that wonder drug does not solve all the difficulties of living with that disease; Sarah needs a liver transplant.” The debate heard that between April 2020 and March 2021 there were 1,180 deceased donors and 444 living donors, which led to 3,391 lives being saved or improved. However, 474 people died while on the waiting list. Mr Mangnall added: “The consent rate for eligible donors was 67 percent, meaning that loved ones refused to support 33 percent of potential donations. That equates to 695 donors. “Staggeringly, 10.2 percent of donations were refused because family members were unsure whether the patient would have wanted to donate. “Surely that shows the need to actively encourage greater sign-up?” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Health Minister Maria Caulfield said: “I am convinced that there are groups of people who would be very happy to donate. “We need to make it as easy as possible for them to do so.” Mr Mangnall also voiced concern over the “transplant benefit score”, which determines where in the queue you are for an organ. The Meredith family claim Sarah’s CF classification has negatively affected her as the algorithm was created in 2006, before life-saving drugs were available. The algorithm classes those with the genetic condition as having a shortened life so puts them near the back of the queue. ----------------- THE Meredith family have campaigned for life-saving cystic fibrosis drugs – now they are calling for more people to sign up to the Organ Donor Register. Sarah’s mother Cathy Meredith, 66, of Totnes, Devon, said: “I just hope the situation changes rapidly in time for my daughter Sarah and the other 6,000-plus critically ill waiting on transplant lists. “The drug Kaftrio has had a dramatic effect on the lung symptoms of CF. But Sarah has been told she has end-stage liver disease and needs a life-saving transplant. So please be a hero! Join the NHS Organ Donor Register and, importantly, tell your family so they do not overturn your wishes.” Sarah’s sister Jess, 34, added: “If people could see the suffering of children and adults on the transplant list, they would not hesitate to donate their organs, nor would families prevent them from doing so. “Many people are proud to be registered organ donors but often do not realise families can block that decision.”