The sports broadcaster took to Twitter to jibe at Foreign Secretary Liz Truss for her statement that an English team should boycott the match if they were to make it to the Champions League final in St Petersburg. Ms Truss said on LBC of the final: “If I was on an English team, I would boycott it.” Mr Lineker took the opportunity to criticise Ms Truss for the UK’s stance on Russia. He said in a sarcastic tweet: “Put the pressure on young footballers to take a tough stance on Russia, as the government doesn’t take a tough stance on Russia.” In response to Russia’s movement of troops into regions of Ukraine that Putin recognised on Monday as independent separatist areas, the UK hit Russia with sanctions against Russian oligarchs. Ms Truss said: “This first wave of sanctions will hit oligarchs and banks close to the Kremlin. It sends a clear message that the UK will use our economic heft to inflict pain on Russia and degrade their strategic interests. “These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard.”  Football writer and journalist Colin Millar also responded to Ms Truss’ comments by highlighting the way in which politicians have viewed footballers and politics in the past. Mr Millar tweeted in response to the interview: “Conservative MPs spent the entire summer telling English players to "keep politics out of sport". “Quite a change of heart.” Ms Truss was also asked by Sky News to comment specifically on whether or not the Champions League Final should be held in Russia. She made no bones about her view that the final should be held elsewhere. She said: "No, it shouldn't be ... I'm very clear it shouldn't be." READ MORE: Hero dad rescues drowning son, 2, at beach before getting trapped in ‘ [REVEAL]  When she was pressed on whether the England team should attend if it is held there, she added: "I don't have any control as Foreign Secretary over the British football team." The UK also announced today that it will send military aid to Ukraine following Russian troops entering the country. Prime Minister Boris Johnson confirmed that lethal defensive weapons and non-lethal aid would be sent to the country. He said: "In light of the increasingly threatening behaviour from Russia, and in line with our previous support, the UK will shortly be providing a further package of military support to Ukraine. The UK has already sent anti-tank weapons to reinforce the Ukrainian military. DON'T MISS: Biden blasted after America snub Brexit Britain in favour of Germany [ANALYSIS]Ukraine: Biden unleashes full power of US Army [REVEAL] 'Mad man' Putin could seek to smash up NATO and EU [INSIGHT]