General David Leakey has warned against the UK and US putting boots on the ground in Ukraine. The former British Army commander believes that a NATO intervention against Russia could lead to "a major escalation" and could also risk all-out nuclear exchange. General Leakey told LBC: "Generally the one thing that the government should absolutely not do is to put boots on the ground in Ukraine and there's a very good reason for not doing that. "If you put UK or US or NATO, even European troops in Ukraine, fighting Russian troops, then you have put a major you have started a major escalation in the conflict. "And that escalation leads all the way up to nuclear exchange, potentially, and the NATO tripwire, which has been reinforced all around Ukraine in the Baltic states and Romania and Bulgaria is there to remind Putin so far, but no further, otherwise, you risk a much much greater conflict and that is a risk." He added that mass resistance by ordinary Ukrainians could make life so "uncomfortable" for Russian forces they would withdraw. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  General Leakey told LBC: Ukraine is a country of I think it's 44 million people and if enough of them make life for the Russians uncomfortable, they'll go, and the Russians know this from their experience, let's face it in Afghanistan and we know it from our experience in Afghanistan. "If enough people make life so uncomfortable for the officials, it's not just the soldiers, it's the officials as well who are out there trying to run it then they will have to leave. "Now the question then comes if you mount a war, if you mount a campaign, you never ever want to do it, thinking that you might come second you always have to think that you're going to win it. "That will be in Putin's mind and the question then is whether Putin will escalate and what measures he will take to brutalise Ukrainian people in such a way that their resistance fails. "And he could do that in a number of ways, which are absolutely terrifying to think about. "But given the fact that he can poison people with NaVi chalk in Salisbury, what he could do to the Ukrainian people almost doesn't bear thinking about." President Vladimir Putin put Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert on Sunday in the face of a wave of western sanctions over the Kremlin's invasion of Ukraine. UK Defence Minister Ben Wallace has not ruled out Mr Putin launching a nuclear attack and was asked on Sky News whether the Russian leader was "crazy enough" to start a nuclear conflict. DON'T MISS Putin humiliates EU as bloc forced to buy MORE Russian gas [INSIGHT]Liz Truss boots out Moscow envoy with 'pariah' blast [ANALYSIS]'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [VIDEO] Mr Wallace told Sky News: "I think he has certainly done a lot of irrational things recently." He added: "I think I'm not going to speculate on what he would or wouldn't do, but that's why we all keep our deterrents at a state of readiness in the West." Britain's defence ministry said on Monday that Russia's advance on Kyiv has been slowed by logistical failures and fierce Ukrainian resistance, "The bulk of [President Vladimir] Putin's ground forces remain more than 30km to the north of Kyiv their advance having been slowed by Ukrainian forces defending Hostomel airfield, a key Russian objective for day one of the conflict," the ministry said. Logistical failures and staunch Ukrainian resistance continue to frustrate the Russian advance."