Peter Sutcliffe was dubbed the Yorkshire Ripper due to his murders of 13 women from 1975 to 1980. The infamous serial killer also tried to kill seven other women before he was arrested in 1981 and jailed for life. A new documentary on Sutcliffe, who died in 2020, addresses unanswered questions about his reign of brutality. The second episode of ITV’s two-parter, ‘Yorkshire Ripper: The Secret Murders’ will be shown tonight. He was interviewed during Channel 5’s recent documentary, ‘The Ripper Speaks: The Lost Tapes’. Journalist Mark Williams-Thomas, who presents the show, met Mr Browne to find out about his collection of items relating to the Ripper. This even included a shirt Sutcliffe wore during his time at Broadmoor Hospital. The Ripper was being held at the secure medical facility after it was ruled he had schizophrenia. While being kept on the hospital’s Henley Ward, Sutcliffe fell victim to a murder attempt by another inmate, who stabbed him in the eyes with a pen, leaving him blind in one eye. Other items of memorabilia kept by Mr Browne include The Sun’s original billboard that was on newsstands at the time. There is also a portion of one of Sutcliffe’s letters, a happy birthday message from him, and the street signs from where he lived in Bradford and where he was arrested in Sheffield. One of the most bizarre items is a hand tracing of Sutcliffe that Mr Browne obtained directly from the killer. Mr Williams-Thomas asks Mr Browne why he became interested in collecting items chronicling Sutcliffe’s life and crimes. He said: “It’s because I am interested in true crime. DON'T MISS: Gary Lineker wades into Russia football row with jibe at Liz Truss 'take tough stance!' [LATEST]Emmanuel Macron blasted for response to Russia-Ukraine ‒ ‘too obsessed’ with election [INSIGHT]Yellowstone warning: Population told 'nothing you can do' in event of eruption [ANALYSIS] “I collect true crime memorabilia from many famous cases. “When I first reached out to Peter, writing to him, I just really wanted something to add to my collection from him personally. “Something personally obtained from him. “It’s much better than going out and buying it.” The documentary also features secretly recorded tapes of Sutcliffe from his time in prison. During the tapes, the Ripper can be heard boasting of his correspondence with a number of pen pals, including Mr Browne. Sutcliffe says: “I write to him every week, he’s just a hard-working family man.” He also claims Mr Browne’s three children used to call him “Uncle Peter”. ‘Yorkshire Ripper: The Secret Murders’ airs tonight on ITV from 9pm-10pm.