Kelvin Fletcher, 38, and Liz Marsland took the huge decision last year to live their urban lifestyle to move to the countryside and try to become farmers. The former Emmerdale actor and his family have been documenting their journey on BBC One’s Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure, but he admitted there have been struggles along the way. Speaking to journalist Kate Thornton on her podcast, White Wine Question Time, Kelvin and Liz reflected upon their lives and how they match their busy work life with their family time. Describing her husband’s personality, Liz gushed: “I love that about Kelvin. “He’s all about the family, and yes, it puts a lot of pressure on me, some of these decisions, because he has to be gone to make these moves happen for us all. “But we have to find that balance together and deep down it does get frustrating if he’s away a lot. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict “And we’re too busy sometimes just to have that family balance. “But at the same time, I wouldn’t change it because I wouldn’t want that same routine every single day. “I wouldn’t want that kind of 9-5 life. “That just isn’t out kind of way of life sometimes, is it?” Kelvin agreed with his wife, adding that sometimes it was necessary to take a step back to establish a balance. He compared his lifestyle to his brothers, explaining that sometimes he lacked the ability to appreciate what he had due to his ambition to chase new goals. He said: “I wish it wasn’t some days, you know? “I think my brother’s got a real structured, consistent, very content, very happy… READ MORE...Dawn French shares 'real trigger' for hair transformation [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [NEWS] “It’s incredible really because his aspirations… we don’t share out level of aspiration because he is very much present, very much in the moment, and just content, whereas naturally, I just chase -whether it’s a career or whatever it might be… “Not that I always want more as such but I love it and I want another one, another one. “And with that inevitably comes a lack of ability to be present and see value in reflect on what you’ve got.” The Andy Sugden star continued: “Sometimes, yeah, it’s great being adventurous and you’re chasing this and it’s exciting and no two days are the same, but with that there’s got to be that balance where you’ve got to be more…. just slow down and whine back a little bit. “And less is more, you know. I know I’m guilty of that and that’s something that we’ve consciously tried to - not change as such - but just address. “I guess lockdown helped for everyone. You couldn’t be anything but present, you couldn’t do anything but look back, look at your house, look at your car and then think, ‘actually, yeah, we’ve done alright here’.” Kelvin and Liz have been married since 2015 and share children Marnie, five, and Milo, two. But their family will soon expand as Liz is now pregnant with twins.