Our House has almost arrived on ITV and the four-parter was inspired by the book of the same name by Louise Candlish. The critically acclaimed novel became a Sunday Times bestseller and also won Book of the Year – Crime and Thriller, at the British Book Awards in 2019. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the release date, cast, trailer and plot for the TV adaptation. Our House is being adapted by Simon Ashdown for ITV and filming for the series has started in London. On February 24 it was revealed the series would make its debut on Monday, March 7 at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. The series is set to air nightly, with the fourth and final episode airing on Thursday, March 10.  READ MORE: BBC launches new trailer for Martin Compston drama In July 2021 ITV announced a star-studded lineup for the upcoming series. Line of Duty's Martin Compston, The Imitation Game's Tuppence Middleton and The Drowning's Rupert Penry-Jones lead the cast. Middleton and Compston will play estranged husband and wife Fi and Bram Lawson, with Penry-Jones as the "enigmatic" Toby. I May Destroy You star Weruche Opia joins as Fi’s best friend and neighbour Merle, with Honour's Buket Komur as the mysterious Wendy. Compston shared the news on Twitter, saying: "Chuffed to be part of this cast, scripts are fantastic looking forward to getting stuck in!" READ MORE: Martin Compston opens up on 'awkward' sex scenes on-air  A trailer for the new series was released on February 17, 2022, and it shows Fi Lawson return to her home to find it empty. She asks: "What is going on here? This is my house, where are my things?" She and her husband Bram have separated and another unknown couple moved into their family home. Fi continues: "You have made a mistake, it's not possible for you to have bought a house that isn't for sale. "How would you feel if you came home and found everything gone?"   DON'T MISS... The Good Karma Hospital season 5: Will there be another series? Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A delight' The Ipcress File release date, cast, trailer, plot  Fi Lawson is shocked to see strangers moving into her house when she arrives home one day. Her family's possessions have gone missing and she has no idea why her home appears to be for sale. Panic continues to set in when she struggles to get hold of her estranged husband, Bram. She discovers her husband has disappeared and a web of secrets and lies starts to unfold. The series will switch between the present day and flashbacks of the couple's life together as the truth about their relationship comes to light.   Candlish's book of the same name was published in 2018 and within the story, Fi and her husband have a co-parenting arrangement where each parent spends a few nights a week with their two sons at the family home. The official blurb for the book adds: "But the system built to protect their family ends up putting them in terrible jeopardy. In a domino effect of crimes and misdemeanours, the nest comes tumbling down." Bram and their children are nowhere to be seen and Fi realises she may not have known her husband at all. But he is not the only one with something to hide, so fans will have to wait and see what skeletons are in the closet. Our House starts Monday, March 7 at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub 