Mercury, Jupiter, the Moon and Uranus are on our side today. The major themes of today are the future, self-expression, planning and progress. Watch out for restlessness and being too hard on yourself, though. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for February 26. Mercury is semisextile Jupiter until Sunday, so it’s a great time to think about planning your future. Astrology King said: “Positive thinking, a broad outlook, and excellent decision-making skills allow you to clearly visualise the preferred path ahead. “Good communication skills and open self-expression make socialising rich and fulfilling.” Cafe Astrology added: “Mercury and Jupiter forming a semi-sextile suggests some inability to settle on a particular idea, opinion, or project. “However, we’re thinking positively, and we bounce back quickly from disappointment.” READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Libra to expect 'romantic possibilities' The Moon is in Capricorn for the next couple of days, so we’ll all be feeling a need for structure and planning.Cafe Astrology.com said: “We also instinctively are aware of the limitations of time. “We are motivated by a desire for success, and achievement and manifestation are most important to us now. “We are resourceful and don’t want to waste time, energy, or resources. “This can be a very sober influence–even a depressing one. However, it can also be a productive time when we look reality in the eye.”  The Moon in Capricorn generally favours the following activities: DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: Virgo told 'the best is yet to come' [INFORMER]Horoscopes & love: 'Intense' Pisces likes to play 'anthropologist' [INSIGHT]Horoscopes & love: Aquarius may ‘cringe’ at traditional dating [EXPLAINER] The Moon isn’t riding solo, it’s harmonising with lucky Jupiter and expansive Uranus. Cafe Astrology explained: “This points to a strong intuition and a good feeling of progress. “While we respect tried-and-true methods, we leave some opening for the new and improved. “The Capricorn Moon is responsible, alert, and practical.”