Romelu Lukaku’s stance on his Chelsea future has reportedly emerged after he was dropped to the bench by Thomas Tuchel for the big Champions League clash with Lille on Tuesday. Lukaku has failed to settle since his blockbuster £97.5million transfer to Stamford Bridge and his recent performances have been criticised.  Lukaku has not scored in 2022 outside of the Club World Cup and had just seven touches of the ball during Chelsea’s 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday. It prompted Tuchel to demote him to the bench for the 2-0 Champions League last-16 victory over Lille. Kai Havertz started at centre-forward and impressed against the reigning Ligue 1 champions. The German scored the opening goal with a clever header before Christian Pulisic dinked home the second. Being dropped is just the latest setback in Lukaku’s Chelsea career. The first half of his season was hampered by an ankle injury.   JUST IN: Chelsea given Club World Cup badge honour Liverpool and Man Utd denied He then infamously conducted an interview in which he flirted with a return to Inter Milan, from whom he joined the West Londoners. But Lukaku will not rush into a decision over his future, according to the Daily Mail. He does not want to make a ‘reactionary’ choice after being an unused sub against Lille. Chelsea boss Tuchel has explained that he wanted to take the Belgium international out of the firing line following that poor display at Palace. Asked if he was protecting his star striker, the German said: "Yes also [that], It was not the moment after the match where everybody was focused on the few touches that he had to put him right into the next fire. It was the moment to take a step back. That was the decision and that’s it. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  "You can clearly see we have a strong win and strong performance. It was a tough match and almost every question is about Romelu. The focus is huge. There were nine other players who did not play. "We should never forget we consider this sport a team sport and the eleven guys who play do everything to commit fully to what we plan and to commit fully to their teammates and those on the bench have to do the same and this is how it works. "Especially at Chelsea and especially for us and this is how we win football matches." However, Tuchel also hinted at exactly what he wants from his centre-forward while praising Havertz. Lukaku has at times been criticised for not pressing well enough – something Tuchel said was key to Havertz’s performance.   DON'T MISS...Alexander Isak’s stance on Arsenal move with Barcelona also keenChelsea given Club World Cup badge honour Liverpool and Man Utd deniedArteta guarantees Wilshere's eventual Arsenal return - but in new role "I'm very pleased. Kai is very strong for weeks now, really steps up. His effort is immense, the work rate is immense, the areas of the pitch he covers for us is very, very good. “He was decisive, created chances, was involved, and was never shy of defending. "We had a very aggressive high line today on the pitch with the offensive three players together. “The formation was to have intensity, a high work-rate consistently throughout the whole match and they did all very good."   