Ukrainian national Valeriya became emotional as she discussed how her friends are preparing for the eventuality of Russian troops entering Kyiv. She said she received messages informing her neighbours were working together to prepare "Molotov cocktails" to use against enemy soldiers should they seek to attack their building. Valeriya was clearly emotional as she discussed the ongoing crisis in her home country, at times struggling to hold back tears as she admitted she had not been in contact with close friends for over a day. Speaking to Sky News, she said: "Here are some of the human stories, I'll just read from my phone. "From my friend in my residential area where we live, it's like a block of flats together. "He says that he has a child who's five years old and said, 'the basement for my child is not the best place of all. The concentration of children and toys there is above and beyond.' "And most of all, this basement, he'd never been there so after all of the sirens and the air alerts, it's very hard to get out of there." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG She continued: "All of our neighbours in the yard are now preparing Molotov cocktails. "All drivers have donated the gasoline for it and we are prepared to meet the Russians here.' "My close friends, they're in the Territorial Defence Unit in Kyiv and they're armed. I haven't been in touch with them for over 24 hours, I don't know where they are. "My son, who's three, his godfather is in the Territorial Defence Unite – what they do is protect Kyiv, they protect the country." READ MORE: 'Putin is in TROUBLE!' Russia war is 'not going well' - horror from INSIDE Ukraine exposed Russia relaunched its attack on Kyiv on Saturday morning, with reports of residential areas now being targeted. Video has emerged of a building in Kyiv's Solon'Yans'Kyi district being hit by a missile of likely Russian origin. The head of the Ukrainian Health Ministry was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying at least 198 Ukrainians, including three children, have been killed as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine DON'T MISS:Russian armed forces hit by huge death toll as Putin dealt major blow [INSIGHT]Zelensky in rallying cry speech as Ukrainians forced to enlist [WATCH]Putin warns of 'greatest consequences in history' [REACTION] He said 1,115 people were wounded, including 33 children. It was unclear whether he was referring only to civilian casualties. Interior Minister advisor Anton Herashchenko slammed Russia for lying about not shelling civilian infrastructure. According to the adviser, at least 40 such sites had been hit and Russian troops were shelling civilian sites.