Songstress Adele's angst about postponing last month's lucrative Las Vegas residency seemed a million miles away as she snuggled up to Rich Paul at the NBA All-Star game. Speculation had been mounting that the pair are ready to tie the knot after she was seen sporting a glamorous ring on her wedding finger recently - but now, as eagle-eyed fans discovered, the huge sparkler seemed to have been replaced by a more minimal band. She kept fans guessing about her exact relationship status after she swapped the diamond ring, which expert jewellers had valued at £740,000, for a much more understated one instead while at the game. Despite the jewellery change from the singer, the couple were seen holding hands and snuggling together at the event. Yesterday, the couple watched anxiously in the wings at Cleveland's Rocket Mortgage FiledHouse while Team Durant took on Team Durant in the exhibition match. Adele had upped the ante in the glam stakes as she sported a leopard print coat, black tights, and black suede pointy heels. READ NOW: Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife Some photos showed her grinning broadly and leading her 40-year-old beau, an NBA agent, around by the hand after the match. Meanwhile, he didn't miss an opportunity for promo, boasting a black and white blazer emblazoned with the logo of his Klutch Sport Group agency. Also in attendance was actress Megan Fox, accompanied by her heavily pierced and bejewelled fiancé Machine Gun Kelly, and Lil Wayne. Yet, unlike Megan, Adele has still failed to publicly address engagement rumours, despite curiosity from the public. When she appeared on The Graham Norton show recently, she teasingly refused to feed speculation, warning: "I'll never say if I am or am not engaged." In reference to the bling on her wedding finger, the talk show host hit back: "Well, it sure looks like you're engaged." Keeping matters mysterious, her only response was: "Alright then." The Easy On Me singer was more vocal during a performance for G-A-Y at Heaven in London later that night, during which she pole danced on stage and told an enthused crowd that she "loved" being a woman. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she ignored Dan Walker's advice [INSIGHT] Helen Mirren confessed her true feelings about Meghan and Harry [UPDATE] George Clarke splits from wife Katie Morgan after four years [LATEST] Earlier in the month at the BRIT Awards, she had sparked controversy by telling audiences of her pride over being a female artist. The comment came after the awards ceremony announced its new gender neutral policy. In spite of flaunting her new relationship with Rich Paul, Adele also told Graham Norton of her co-parenting plans with charity boss ex-husband Simon Konecki. It has been nearly three years since she and Simon split, with her divorce being finalised a matter of months ago, but it seems she is moving on without acrimony. According to Adele, that has been to the benefit of the nine-year-old son they share, Angelo. "My son is old enough now to know what's going on," she explained. "I don't share too much with him - because I don't know how much is too much to tell him. But yeah, Simon and Angelo are my soulmates. "Even though our family is separated, we're actually f**king nailing it."