If you’re planning on doing some entertaining in your garden when the weather gets a bit warmer, some kind of outdoor heater is essential if you want to keep yourself and your guests comfortable. Even in the height of summer in the UK, the temperatures can still drop during the evening to a chilly low. Buy here: Aldi (£69.99) READ MORE: Aldi's sell-out inflatable hot tub is finally back in stock - but you’ll have to be quick READ MORE: Aldi fans swear this £3.49 night cream has their skin 'plump and glowing in the morning'  The Gardenline Outdoor Log Burner is one of Aldi’s most popular Specialbuys, flying off the shelves whenever it gets a much anticipated restock. With a stylish contemporary design, the burner uses real logs to heat your outdoor area. The heater is easy to assemble and will add a comforting touch to your garden and will only set you back £69.99. Buy here: Aldi (£69.99) Other features include high-temperature paint, a built-in log store, and durable steel construction - all of which make the log burner look far more expensive than it is. Word of mouth from fans of this log burner has encouraged a whole new group of people to purchase it with this restock, with most of them extremely happy with their purchase. One said it’s a “lovely piece of furniture. I'd heard people raving about this and so followed the herd. Buy here: Aldi (£69.99) “I was so impressed with what you get for your money. It looks heavier than it is and works really well. Highly recommended”. Another shopper was a bit nervous about purchasing the burner because of its budget-friendly price point but was happily surprised. They said they were “very pleased with the quality, having looked at lots of different ones, some of which were very expensive. “I was a little apprehensive when I ordered mine. But I’m very pleased with the quality and it looks amazing. The number of people that have commented on the looks and asked where the fire was from is off the scale”. You can buy a Gardenline Outdoor Log Burner for £69.99 at Aldi here.