Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse, 40, informed fans how her in-laws are coping with Russia’s attacks on Ukraine. Motsi’s husband, Evgenij Voznyuk, 35, is from Ukraine and his parents are currently in Kharkiv. In a message to her 72,000 Twitter followers, Motsi reassured fans that she is in contact with Evgenij’s parents but explained the terrifying situation the city is facing. She penned on Saturday morning: “They spent more than half the day yesterday in the bunkers! “In Kharkiv, there are heavy battles so we can’t get to them! “At the moment there is nothing we can do. We did try to get them earlier in Germany.” READ MORE:Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement Air strikes hit Kharkiv on Thursday and terrified residents have been fleeing to underground stations and bomb shelters in an attempt to find safety, according to reports from the New York Times and I News. Motsi's post sparked concern among her friends and followers and dozens took to the comments. Astrid said: “Praying for your family, the beautiful city of Kharkiv, where I have had many happy times and all people of Ukraine. "Can't believe this is happening. Heartbreaking nightmare.” Claudia echoed: “I really hope you can be united with your family soon and that this nightmare will be over! Until then, I hope your family is in a safe place!” Donna penned: “Hope they remain safe until you can get them out. Such brave people, such a beautiful country. I can’t believe what I’m seeing on television. God bless them all.” Motsi told fans on Thursday that her in-laws had been told to “go outside and switch off water and gas”. The dancer also said they had tried to escape to Poland but there was “no possibility to get to the border”. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response[LATEST]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert addresses rumour of another exit[INSIGHT]Olly Murs rushed into surgery and forced to pull out of shows[NEWS] She wrote: “It’s heartbreaking hearing my mother-in-law crying this morning, afraid. “There is absolutely nothing we can do. “Just sad honestly.” Motsi married her former dance partner Evgenij in 2017. They run a dance school together in Germany, where Motsi has been based for over 20 years. The couple share a three-year-old daughter, whose name has never been revealed. Evgenij is Motsi’s second husband, she was previously married to German dancer Timo Kulczak for 11 years until 2014.