Mrs Hinch took the world by storm when she started posting cleaning hacks on social media. With an incredible 4.3 million Instagram followers, she has inspired an army of “hinchers” to set up their own Facebook pages dedicated to providing the best tips for cleaning, tidying and completing household chores effortlessly. Facebook user Sarah Sarah took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page to share a savvy hack for removing grime from oven racks. She stated: “I actually HATE cleaning my oven racks. “I saw a tip for soaking them in hot water with fabric softener and thought it was worth a shot. It works like a dream!” Attaching a photo of an oven rack, one half grubby and the other spotless, she asked her fellow cleaning enthusiasts: “Can [you] tell which half I’ve soaked?” Sarah concluded: “The burnt on grease just came off so easily with a gentle wipe using a scourer. Game changer!” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours And the best thing about this hack is that she only had to soak them for four to five minutes for it to “work wonders”. She said that she used “two capfuls of Lenor in a full sink of water” to get the job done. While Sarah admitted she “doesn’t know the science behind it”, the discovery has made her “happy”. Unsurprisingly, the post racked up more than 1,000 reactions and hundreds of comments. DON'T MISS June Webster vouched for the idea: “I’ve just done mine today, amazing. My oven has never been so clean.” Holly Ewans stated: “Oh my goodness, I’ve just done this and they are sparkling, I honestly can’t believe how easy it was.” Meisha Robinson commented: “I’m going to try this. I’ve just wasted an hour of my life using a metal scraper and I’m not getting anywhere.” Denise Journo took Sarah’s hack one step further. For a super deep clean, Denise recommended putting dirty oven racks “in the bath overnight - just cover with hot water and put two dishwasher tablets in”. Sandra Dibbert offered: “Put a towel at the bottom of the bath then add washing powder, rather than a capsule, with just hot water”. Leaving this concoction overnight “really does loosen it”. Others flocked to the comments to provide alternative hacks for cleaning oven racks. June Harman suggested this inexpensive trick: “Soda crystals are so cheap and it does the job perfectly.” Gabriela Kowlaski introduced other Mrs Hinch fans to Mighty Oven – “the best thing for oven racks”. Karren Brailey said: “Good old Brillo pads work for me.” Helen Hook seconded this: “I put mine in the dishwasher and a quick scrub with a Brillo pad on the stubborn stains when finished leaves them as good as new.” Sandra Lucas stated: “I’m going to have to buy a notepad to put all these brilliants tips in.”