On Sunday night's Dancing on Ice, the remaining celebrities took to the rink with their dance partners in a bid to impress the judges. ITV hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were back to front the programme, while Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill, Ashley Banjo and Oti Mabuse sat on the panel to give their feedback. However, as Holly and Phillip introduced the show, viewers became distracted by what the ITV host was wearing, The This Morning presenter was dressed in a Barbie pink, floor-length dress, with a plunging neckline. Holly paired the dress with simple jewellery and wore her tied back in an elegant style. Introducing the programme, Holly said: "Welcome to the greatest show on ice." READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap She continued: "It's the return of an absolute favourite tonight as the celebrities get to grips with all sorts of unusual objects because it's props week." "Yes, our couples will be skating with everything from a desk to a mop and a bucket," Phillip added. "And keeping props on ice isn't easy so this could go anywhere." Following the segment, viewers took to social media to comment on Holly's outfit, Julia penned: "Does Holly's dress look a bit lopsided?"  Lori tweeted: "I’ve said it before but in my opinion Holly Willoughby dresses totally wrongly for #dancingonice - a tunic style dress as opposed to a ball gown would be more appropriate!" (sic) While user CD tweeted: "What the hell is Holly wearing?" Brandon praised: "Oh wow Holly looks like a Barbie doll but I love the look." Candy wrote: "Holly looks a dolly tonight a very pretty one nice dress." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] "Holly looks fabulous tonight a real woman figure in that dress," Pamela commented. The celebrities got mixed reviews from the judges, and Christopher even gave his first score of 10. Pussycat Doll Kimberley Wyatt and her dance partner Mark received a score of 10 following their stunning routine. However, things didn't go to plan for Corrie star Sally Dyvenor, after the judges criticised her for not skating much in her performance.  For props week, Sally and her partner Matt Evers used a chair for their routine, and Jayne Torvill said she was disappointed Sally didn't skate a lot in the performance. Poor Connor Ball didn't have much luck either after he suffered another fall during his routine. The Vamps star told Holly he thought he'd sliced his knee with the blade of his skate in the performance. The singer was forced to seek medical attention, Holly later told viewers. Dancing on Ice airs on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.