A Place in the Sun presenter Leah Charles-King was introduced to the property programme last year, joining the likes of fellow experts Laura Hamilton and Ben Hillman on the Channel 4 show. With a successful career in TV, Leah will be a familiar face to viewers as she had a career in the music industry before becoming a successful children’s CITV presenter. Leah has filmed a number of episodes so far, although, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, she recalled some emotional moments with her house hunters. The TV presenter even admitted to shedding a few tears herself during the property viewings. Speaking about the first episode she filmed, Leah began: “The first episode with Carrie and Steve I mean, they burst into tears. “I've had to stop myself crying on a few occasions and even cried on a few occasions as well.” READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville's future on BBC show The property expert went on to address how she has dealt with “fussy” house hunters while filming for the Channel 4 series. Speaking about when a guest doesn’t like a property, Leah continued: “I've had that about three times now. “So, a few times we have walked into a property, and they've gone ‘I hate it’. “In fact, in the first episode, the second property [we visited], the lady, Carrie, didn't like it.” “So, if they don't like it, then I'm not going to flog a dead horse as they say,” Leah explained. “It's like, 'fine, you don't like it, let's find you somewhere better’." Leah gets to travel to a number of exotic countries while filming for the show including Villamartin in Spain to Malaga. She said one of her favourite parts of the programme so far is meeting her house hunters each week. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? [SPOILERS]Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks out on leaving Brenda Blethyn series [NEWS] “There's just so much banter and so much fun,” Leah added. “I really am interested [to learn] about their family, their friends, their lifestyles and what they want. “I work really hard with the team to make sure that, that happens as much as possible and that they're also looked after whilst they're with us.” After Leah finished filming her first few episodes, she said she hoped viewers would enjoy watching them as much as she enjoyed shooting them. “It's always drama,” the host admitted. “I think in every episode I've done so far, there's some kind of drama that happens but it always turns out well. “I've seen quite a few of the episodes we have shot so far, and even from me watching as a viewer I've been entertained. “So, I hope that the audience enjoys them as much as I've enjoyed filming them.” A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.