The Holby City star joined Steph McGovern on Wednesday afternoon to address her new Alibi show Traces. However, talk turned to the breakdown of her relationship with snooker champion, Ronnie O'Sullivan. Last week it was announced the couple who had been together for nearly 10 years had parted ways, with Laila taking to her Twitter account to address the news. Ronnie and Laila met in 2012 when Laila was house hunting and their chance meeting was by complete accident. Last week Laila took to her Twitter and Instagram accounts to confirm their split and assure fans that she was doing okay. In her first TV appearance since their break up, Laila addressed how she is feeling through the transition and assured viewers she was going to "get through it". Laila insisted it could be a "good process" and not necessarily a bad one. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life Ronnie and Laila met in 2012 when Laila was house hunting and their chance meeting was by complete accident. Last week Laila took to her Twitter and Instagram accounts to confirm their split and assure fans that she was doing okay. In her first TV appearance since their break up, Laila addressed how she is feeling through the transition and assured viewers she was going to "get through it". Laila insisted it could be a "good process" and not necessarily a bad one.  Steph asked how she was feeling, where she exclaimed: "I'm fine, I've just been manifesting, using self-compassion practices, and you just get through it. It can be a good process." After just one year of meeting, Laila and Ronnie were soon engaged, but they never made it down the aisle. However, over the years, their family life hasn't been plain sailing, with Ronnie's sister speaking about his and Laila's relationship back in 2020. She told The Sun that their mother wasn't the biggest fan of Laila and would often refuse to lend her son money as she thought it was for her. "She told me he goes for the same birds, and Laila is the one who will catch him out, but Ronnie is so in love with Laila. "He’s bought her a diamond ring, though he says they’re not engaged, they split up last year then got back together," she told the publication. The couple's split comes after Ronnie saw his snooker wealth rise by almost £500,000 last year while Laila's fashion company dipped £16,000 into the red. Confirming the reports of the break-up, on Twitter, Laila wrote: "After nearly ten years of love and memories, Ronnie, I have parted ways. Peace and love to you all. Laila X" (sic). She then moved her way over to Instagram, where she said: "The things about breakups... It doesn't have to be a sad time. It doesn't have to be hard. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [WATCH]Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen? [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST] "It can be the beginning of new adventures, new learnings, it can be a wonderful teacher. "Using self-compassion & manifesting a new life without someone you love can still lead you to a place of joy." Laila previously opened up about the couple's meeting and told The Mirror that it was by complete "accident." "It happened by accident. I was shown around Ronnie’s house by his father, who told his son about meeting me. "Ronnie called the estate agent, a friend of mine, and asked me out via her. "When she said he was a snooker player, I said, ‘Yeah, but what does he do for a living?’ I’d never heard of him because sport doesn’t interest me at all, although Ronnie’s won me over to snooker." The pair also spoke about their engagement and then future wedding plans, with Laila explaining: "I’d have to really gear myself up for a wedding. "At the moment, we’ve put it on the back burner, and we’re enjoying our time, so there’s no rush," the mum-of-one explained to The Mirror in 2013. With Ronnie adding: "It becomes a bit more important as you get older for legal reasons but for now, we’re okay. "If something’s not broken, why fix it? If it’s working, why change a winning formula? "We’ve been engaged for a while now, so we know we want to be with each other, I’m sure we will get round to it." Sadly, with their split now confirmed, all wedding plans appear to be off the table. Steph's Packed Lunch airs weekdays from 12:30pm on Channel 4.