Chelsea are no longer fighting on all fronts this season with the Premier League title now beyond their grasp after a mid-season malaise. But a Champions League knockout tie against Lille awaits and Thomas Tuchel will already have one eye on Sunday’s League Cup final against Liverpool.   The Blues had far from ideal preparation for the underwhelming 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Tuchel’s men returned from the heat of Abu Dhabi where they claimed Club World Cup glory, but lacked intensity in south London before Hakim Ziyech’s fine late winner. And some players have made a better case than others to be on Tuchel’s team sheet at Wembley for the showdown against Liverpool at Wembley. Romelu Lukaku could conceivably have had less touches than the ball boy against Palace. The Belgian striker was a virtual no show with just seven touches in total across the 90 minutes, the lowest involvement of any player who has completed a game in Premier League history.  JUST IN: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale  This unwanted record was actually slightly embellished by the fact one of those seven touches came during kick-off. Lukaku’s virtual no show was frustrating for Chelsea fans and he has become a £97m problem for boss Tuchel. He was not alone in his struggles and was hardly given a chance to shine in a disjointed attacking display before Tuchel took action with three changes. But it was one of Tuchel’s starters, Ziyech, who delivered the match-winning goal and he is becoming an increasingly important figure at Stamford Bridge. Tuchel praised the Moroccan for his impact and believes he is best suited cutting in from the right. “If we play a 4-1-4-1 this is the position that suits him best,” Tuchel said about Ziyech. DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye deal (TRANSFERS)Chelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star man (INSIGHT)Chelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display (ANALYSIS)   "He feels good to play from the very far right-wing. He has in the moment a good mix between taking the risk and between keeping the possession.” It appeared Ziyech might never make his mark at Chelsea given the glut of attacking talent in west London. But he has now cemented his spot and was the best player on the pitch against Palace. Ziyech had a goal disallowed before the decisive winner, and was the bright spark for the Blues. He has lacked consistency at Chelsea since joining from Ajax 18 months ago but has found a home in Tuchel’s system at last.  The forward has scored in each of his last three Premier League games, standing up to the big occasion to be Chelsea’s difference maker. And his propensity to deliver in the big moments surely makes him a shoo-in to start the final against Jurgen Klopp’s formidable Liverpool at Wembley. Tuchel will have one eye on Sunday already, despite the Lille fixture being a huge game in itself. And while Lukaku still has to prove his starting worth, Ziyech’s position should not be in doubt. 