Spring is the perfect time to get away with many popular holiday destinations already warming up ahead of the peak season. For Brits looking to escape the sporadic April showers, there is no shortage of sun-soaked spots to visit in Europe and beyond. From the capital of Thailand to the Costa del Sol, there are plenty of hot destinations ready to welcome global travellers - and these are Express.co.uk’s top picks. While Spain has varying temperatures across the country, you can expect the general forecast to warm up throughout April. As one of the UK’s most loved holiday destinations, sun-seeking Brits have plenty of choices for choosing the perfect spring-time spots. Temperatures will climb to around 20C in the warmest locations, which are spread along the Mediterranean coast. For a last-minute April get-away, look to Benidorm, Marbella and the Canary Islands for the best of the Spanish weather. READ MORE: Cornwall tourists hit by huge price hike With the average temperature reaching 19C, these coastal spots will be warm enough for some pool-side relaxation or a trip to the beach. Leading travel agent Thomas Cook says: “Things can get quite cool in the evenings though so you should bring some warmer clothes. “The sea temperature is 16C while humidity’s low. There’s 38mm of rain over 10 days, and you can expect 13 hours of daylight with eight hours of sunshine each day.” Costa del Sol offers a slightly cooler climate, with temperatures averaging at around 17C, so expect the sea to be even chillier in this summer hotspot. If you’re open to travelling further afield, Bangkok will provide you with scorching hot temperatures and a deep dive into the iconic Thai culture. Street food, shopping and blazing hot 31C weather makes April the perfect time to visit this world-famous destination, all the while avoiding the influx of summer tourists. For those visiting in the middle of the month, there is a chance to join in the festivities of the new year festival Songkran. The religious holiday is celebrated from April 13 to April 15, offering Buddhists a chance to wash off the previous 12 months’ “misfortunes or failings”, through a big water fight, says the Times. April temperature averages reach as high as 35C, though the nights are still warm, dropping by just five degrees once the sunsets. DON'T MISS:Cruises: The one item passengers might want to avoid [INSIGHT]Portugal ditches testing for vaccinated Brits - latest FCDO advice [LATEST]Spain chaos: Thousands of cancellations due to ‘ridiculous’ rules [REPORT] Located in central South America, this tropical spot offers unbeatable scenery and warm temperatures from April. As the month progresses, rainfall becomes scarce and the hot sun resumes, offering an average temperature of 18C. Flamingo lagoons, hot springs and smoking volcanoes are just a few of the sights you canexpect while visiting Bolivia during this relatively crowd-free season. Temperatures may vary throughout the region, with The Pampas offering the highest temperatures of around 31C during April. Other popular spots are: Bolivia’s standout features include South America’s largest lake (by surface area), Titicaca, and the captivating views of the Andes mountain range from the high-altitude capital La Paz. This Mediterranean spot is mild all year round, with temperatures reaching a daily maximum of 23C as early as April. Paphos is a must-see spot on the west coast of the island, offering reliable sunshine and much-needed warmth for sun-seeking Brits. The popular spot boasts sandy beaches which are lined with a bustling harbour filled with plenty of restaurants. World-class historical signs including the Aphrodite Caves can be seen just off the coast while mosaic-covered Roman ruins can be visited on land. Average temperatures across Cyprus are around 18C in April, climbing up to 22C in May. Other hot spots to visit in April include: