Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale couldn't resist taunting Ruben Neves after the Gunners snatched a 95th-minute winner against top-four rivals Wolves on Thursday night. Mikel Arteta's side were heading towards a bitterly frustrating defeat until two of the Spaniard's subs - Nicolas Pepe and Eddie Nketiah - totally changed the course of the game. A revitalised Pepe was on target to level things up before he teed up Alexandre Lacazette for a dramatic winner with just seconds to play. Wolves had led through Hwang Hee-chan and looked capable of holding onto their 1-0 lead until Arsenal finally unlocked the door with 81 minutes on the clock. Bruno Lage's men were out for revenge after the Gunners nicked a 1-0 win at Molineux just two weeks ago. After the game, Neves hit out at Arsenal for the way they celebrated the victory - which in his view showed a lack of class. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation "I can accept the decision about their goal but in some games they give it and in some games, they don't. They need to do the same decisions in every game because it's frustrating for us," he said. "We saw the way they celebrated the win and that shows the level we are. I didn't see Arsenal celebrating like this in the past 10 years - it was like they won the league." Last night, Ramsdale evidently did not forget those comments as he celebrated in Neves' face at full-time. The former Sheffield United goalkeeper has become a popular figure in north London since signing for the club last summer due to his admirable performances and passion for the badge. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationArsenal 'join Raphinha race' as two Leeds contract clauses dictate transfer piceBenfica's Roman Yaremchuk booked after moving Ukraine Champions League goal celebration Ramsdale wrote on Instagram late last night: "As [Gennaro] Gattuso once said… Sometimes good, sometimes s*^t But I don’t care 3 points @nicolas.pepe19 & @lacazettealex you the men." After the cagey win at Molineux a fortnight ago, Ramsdale's brother Edward offered an explanation for the passionate full-time celebrations. "Brought up a West Brom fan," he said. "So that 'boing boing' meant something from our childhood. Up the @Arsenal." The 2-1 home triumph puts Arsenal in control of their own destiny in the race for Champions League football. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They are now in fifth place (45pts) and just one point behind Manchester United (46pts) in fourth but with two games in hand. Wolves are in seventh (40pts) but can move up to sixth if they win their game in hand over West Ham - who they also play Sunday. Post-match, manager Bruno Lage showed his class when quizzed on Arsenal's excessive celebrations. "Football is about that, about celebrating goals," he said. "When you win in the last minute you need to celebrate in the best way you can, because it's very hard to win games in the Premier League. For me, it's not a problem."