This came after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for foreign volunteers to fight the Russian invasion. Earlier today, the Ukrainian government announced the creation of the International Legion for the Territorial Defence of Ukraine. A website is currently being set up to marshall British recruits. Macer Gifford, who is setting up the website, said he imagines that "hundreds if not in the low thousands" of Britons will sign up to fight in Ukraine. He said: "There have been dozens of people that I know who have been talking already about going out there. "This is the first time in living memory that a major Western nation has come under attack in this way. "Judging by how many Britons contacted me in the past about going to Syria, I can imagine hundreds if not in the low thousands of people going out to Ukraine." Mr Gifford, who served as an international volunteer with Kurdish forces fighting IS, said that he knows of at least "half a dozen" Britons who have already been serving with Ukrainian forces for years. He added: "I did the same thing in Syria and was planning to do it in Ukraine but then war broke out. "I wanted to stay but the city is being ripped apart at the moment, and my program is not ready." The former soldier, 34, who fought in Afghanistan and Iraq, said he did so to "do something for Britain". READ MORE: Putin 'prepared to lose 50,000 troops' in Ukraine conflict Speaking to the Telegraph, he added: "The war in Ukraine is more noble in ways because it is for European security. "Unless a collective force in Russia stops Ukraine, who knows where this could end?" A former infantry soldier told the Telegraph that he had approached the Ukrainian embassy about signing up. He said: "It’s the idea of doing something bigger than myself, of doing something worthy." DON'T MISS: EU SHAMED: Bloc's weak Russia action exposed [REVEAL] 'Plays into Putin hands!' Boris told huge blunder about to backfire [INSIGHT] Taiwan could be NEXT as Putin invasion sets new 'precedent' for China [ANALYSIS] This came after Liz Truss threw her support behind British nationals joining the fight. When asked if she would support their decision, she said: "Absolutely, if that’s what they want to do." She added: "That is something people can make their own decisions about. "The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe." However, chairman of the House of Commons defence select committee Tobias Ellwood questioned Ms Truss' remarks. He told the Telegraph that he felt "uncomfortable" about the comments, adding: "It seems nonsensical to encourage untrained and unequipped British citizens to head to a war zone but bench those who are trained to do exactly that job. "I’d be far easier with this policy if there was some form of Nato commitment but the decision was made some time ago to rule that out and yet here we are endorsing British citizens taking up arms." Calling for volunteers, Mr Zelenskyy said: "Every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country please come over, we will give you weapons."