But Vladimir Putin’s veiled nuclear threats also indicate he has a “limited goal” only focused on Ukraine, Sam Cranny-Evans, a Research Analyst with the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), has suggested. Meanwhile, Jamie Gaskarth, Professor of Foreign Policy and International Relations at The Open University, warned if Russia manages to both conquer and hold Ukraine, it would be in a “commanding position in Europe”. Mr Putin has launched a full-scale invasion, with forces entering from the south, east and north. NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg subsequently issued a pointed reminder that any incursion into a Nato member state, for example in the Baltic, would be seen as an attack on every member of the alliance. Mr Putin was - for the time being at least - firmly focused on Ukraine itself, rather than in bringing former Soviet states back into his sphere of influence, Mr Sam Cranny-Evans stressed, and it would be a “stretch” to achieve a “second objective” such an invasion of a NATO member state. He explained: “Ukraine is already costing the Russian forces in missiles, men and aircraft. A lot of these things are quite hard, expensive and slow to replace. They wouldn’t be able to attempt something else without replenishing those things. “The second point is that they haven’t won yet - the end result of fighting in Ukraine will decide what state the Russian forces are in thereafter. “Thirdly, the current events suggest a geographically limited goal; the threats of nuclear force and dramatic escalation if any other country gets involved etc, all point to a limited goal focused only on Ukraine.”  The ball was to an extent in the West’s court now, Mr Cranny-Evans pointed out. He said: “Unless Russia is defeated, this war will shape the security architecture of Europe in a way that cannot be ignored. The question is, how does NATO respond to this to protect itself? “What can it do to signal its capabilities and deter any such attempts in a much clearer fashion? What is apparent is that the West has been unable to deter Russia from taking this course of action.” Despite dire predictions about the current crisis triggering World War 3, the Kremlin’s goals appeared to be limited geographically, Mr Cranny-Evans said. He added: “I think they likely understand that attacking a NATO member would be a very different proposition and that managing escalation in that scenario would be challenging. “The question that is worth asking is whether or not defeating Ukraine militarily and politically solves the problem that Putin claims to have.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Jamie Gaskarth, Professor of Foreign Policy and International Relations at The Open University, said victory in Ukraine would put Mr Putin in a powerful position. He said: “If Putin somehow managed to annex Ukraine, it would mean Russia had a commanding position in Europe. "In 1904, Halford Mackinder warned about the 'geographical pivot of history' - that as Russia came to dominate Eurasia, it could dominate the world. “Holding Ukraine, it would have a huge share of the wheat market, a stronger position in oil and gas, and with climate change revealing new mineral resources, it would be a serious geopolitical power. “From Ukraine, Putin would be able to extend his subversion into Eastern Europe and likely ramp up his efforts to destabilise former Soviet states.”   However, Prof Gaskarth said there were no guarantees Mr Putin would be able to realise his ambitions He explained: “Holding Ukraine would be very difficult. Also, NATO membership has set a limit to Russia's expansion. So far, he has confined himself to intervening in former Soviet states outside.”Mr Putin would inevitably face significant resistance within Ukraine, Mr Gaskarth predicted. He said: “Counterinsurgency experts used to have a rough rule of thumb of one soldier to fifty civilians. Ukraine has a population of over 40 million so that would mean an invasion force of 800,000 soldiers. Russia's forces are less than a quarter of that. “They can't hold the country for long. The goal is punitive. Putin wants to remove the government, replace it with a puppet regime and withdraw, probably to the breakaway territories. It's completely irrational and has zero chance of working long term.” Casualties have been reported at military bases amid missile strikes and explosions near major cities - with Mr Putin warning: “Whoever tries to stand in our way or create threats for our country - people should know Russia’s response will be immediate and lead you to consequences you have never encountered in your history." In response, Jens Stoltenberg, NATO’s secretary-general, said: “Nato's core task is to protect and defend all allies. There must be no room for miscalculation or misunderstanding. "An attack on one will be regarded as an attack on all. This is our collective security guarantee." 