State pensioners will have varying circumstances in retirement, but many are struggling financially. In this circumstance, people could find they are eligible for a financial top up. The payment is called Pension Credit, and is designed to help low income pensioners with living costs. It is entirely separate from the state pension, but could offer vital support. People can get Pension Credit even if they have other income, savings or their own home. Aside from the financial support Pension Credit can offer, it is also viewed as a “gateway benefit”. READ MORE: Good news as thousands of Britons become ISA millionaires This is because it can entitle those eligible to a wide range of other support mechanisms. One of these is help with NHS costs, which can rack up quickly, especially if a person lives with a health condition. While many healthcare costs are eliminated in the UK, there are some charges which can apply. This can include prescriptions, dental treatment, glasses, and even transport costs for hospital appointments. DON'T MISSState pension warning as Britons may not get full sum at retirement [INSIGHT]State pension top up available for over 80s - and sum is set to rise [LATEST]Inheritance tax: You could slash bill by £130,000 or more - act now [EXCLUSIVE] Thankfully, a claim for Pension Credit could help in this sense. If a person or their partner gets the Guarantee Credit part of Pension Credit, they are entitled to a myriad of health support. This includes: Those who only receive Savings Credit are not automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions. Individuals who are unsure about what they receive in Pension Credit have been urged to check. Age UK explains people can look at their Pension Credit award letter if they are unsure. Those who need a copy can call the Pension Service for further information. This document can also be important as it can help people to prove their eligibility when they go to appointments. If a person wishes to find out how much they could receive through Pension Credit, there is a useful tool by which to do so. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Pension Credit calculator is available through the Government’s official website and takes a short time to use. Britons will need details of their earnings, benefits and pensions as well as savings and investments. However, certain individuals should be aware they may not be able to use the calculator. The Government states the following groups will not be permitted to use the tool: In these circumstances, Britons can either call the Pension Service helpline or the Pension Credit claim line.