Manchester United face off against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League this evening. And one player who will be involved is Antoine Griezmann, with the France international now ready to go again after suffering with injury. Had things been different, however, he could have easily been strutting his stuff for the Red Devils at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. In 2017, Manchester United appeared to be regaining their swagger. Though they’d finished sixth in the Premier League table under Jose Mourinho, victories in the Europa League and Carabao Cup gave them reason to be optimistic about the future. Mourinho, planning ahead, knew he needed a world-class striker. Wayne Rooney was set to leave the club at that time, with the forward eventually sealing a Hollywood homecoming at Everton. Zlatan Ibrahimovic was entering the twilight years of his career, despite his impressive 28 goals across all competitions. And Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford were seen as wide players by Mourinho, rather than deadly goal-getters. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz So with that being the case, Mourinho made Griezmann his top target. The forward had finished at the top scorer at Euro 2016 previously, helping France make the final where they’d later lose to Portugal. And he then starred for Atletico in the 2016/2017 campaign, netting 16 goals from 36 La Liga games and also scoring four times in the Champions League. Mourinho was convinced he would land Griezmann, who he believed could bring the biggest football titles to Old Trafford. Except, in the end, that didn’t happen. Griezmann, for his part, seemed keen to join United. And he even went on French television to say a move was six out of 10 in likelihood. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The 2018 World Cup winner also revealed he was ‘ready’ to quit the La Liga giants, too, adding: “Today, if I have to move, it will not be a problem for me. “It may be England, which is in fashion, Germany, China or the United States, I’m ready to go. “We finished third in La Liga, it was the objective of the club, but we, the players, want more. “Winning titles is what I will look for this summer when deciding on my future.” However, Atletico were slapped with a transfer ban at the time. And Griezmann then decided to stay because, if he’d left, his side would have been unable to bring in a marquee replacement. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United then proceeded to sign Romelu Lukaku instead, paying a massive £75million to land the Belgium international from Everton. And Griezmann went on to join Barcelona in 2019, a year after the Catalan giants had missed out on his signature. Had all gone to plan, the 30-year-old would be lining up as part of Ralf Rangnick’s set-up instead. Yet he’ll now be out to show United exactly they missed out on all those years ago. Diego Simeone, meanwhile, has insisted Griezmann and Luis Suarez aren’t certain starters for the match in Madrid. "We don't talk about the right [to start games]," he said. "Luis [Suarez] played a very good game. He scored an extraordinary goal. “We are lucky to have three forwards in the team [Suarez, Joao Felix and Correa], plus the return of Griezmann, who is improving. “We will need him with his experience and goalscoring. “We have four forwards and any of them could play."