President Volodymyr Zelensky became a popular figure in Ukraine when he starred in a political satire Servant Of The People. How they laughed then, but nobody is laughing now. As the real president, Zelensky finds his country on the frontline of the war to defend liberty against authoritarian rule. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia is an assault on a democratic country and the attempt to subjugate a free people. Europe minister James Cleverly is right to say that Russia's despotic President Vladimir Putin "has blood on his hands" and he must surely pay for these crimes. Mr Cleverly's description of the Ukrainians as "lionhearts" as they continue their brave resistance today is one which will be echoed by freedom-loving people around the globe. The phrase is particularly appropriate to President Zelensky, who has refused to flee to a safe country despite offers from the UK and US, and become the face of his country's refusal to buckle under the jackboot of Putin's aggression. Not only has he united and galvanised his people but he has inspired the world - as have his courageous compatriots.  This is perfectly illustrated by the message of support given yesterday by our future King and Queen, William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. In giving their public message of solidarity they spoke for us all. Boris Johnson has led the way internationally to ensure that Russia, Putin and his allies are properly punished for this atrocity. While it is welcome news that Home Secretary Priti Patel is soon to bring in emergency laws to confiscate Russian assets, more must be done. Not least that the EU needs to step up and throw Russia out of the SWIFT banking system and end the trade in oil and gas.  All democratic countries should realise that while we may not be the ones with enemy tanks rolling into our cities, this fight will come to us. In many ways it already has.The UK has witnessed the assassination or attempted killing of Russians in London and Salisbury, using both radioactive and chemical weapons. There has also been a bombardment of attempted cyber attacks on Britain and theWest from Russia and her allies. Perhaps we should heed the words of Ukraine MP Oleksii Goncharenko, writing for this newspaper today - with a Kalashnikov in his hand waiting for the battle to come to him in Kyiv. As he warns, dictators around the world are watching. If Putin succeeds, why couldn't they? So, as Goncharenko says: "Let's stop Putin now before it is too late." 