Little will change for Thomas Tuchel at Chelsea despite Roman Abramovich temporarily handing over control of the club, according to reports. The Russian has decided to give trustees of the club’s charitable foundation the ‘stewardship and care’ of the Blues amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. And it’s currently unclear what the future holds. Abramovich said in a statement on Saturday: "I have always taken decisions with the club's best interest at heart. "I remain committed to these values. That is why I am today giving trustees of Chelsea's charitable Foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC. "I believe that currently they are in the best position to look after the interests of the club, players, staff, and fans." Chelsea then release another statement on the ongoing war in Ukraine, adding: “Chelsea FC's thoughts are with everyone in Ukraine. Everyone at the club is praying for peace.” Abramovich has been in charge of Chelsea since taking the club over in 2003. But he’s currently in the spotlight due to his close relationship with Russia’s President Vladimir Putin. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz His decision to step aside came after Labour’s Chris Bryant had called for Abramovich’s assets to be seized and for the Chelsea chief to be investigated. At present, there’s plenty of uncertainty surrounding Stamford Bridge. Yet The Athletic say ‘little’ will change for Tuchel at the club and that the German’s position as manager has arguably been ‘strengthened’. It’s claimed the former Borussia Dortmund and Paris Saint-Germain boss has been ‘given what he had asked for’ with Abramovich providing clarity of the situation. Tuchel will remain accountable to Marina Granovskaia, who still runs the club’s day-to-day football operations. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And Tuchel is still tasked with steering Chelsea to silverware, too. Chelsea have already won the Champions League under the 48-year-old, having beaten Manchester City in the final last year. And they’ll be hoping the Carabao Cup follows with Liverpool lying in wait on Sunday. Speaking ahead of that showdown, Tuchel reflected on the task ahead while addressing last year’s FA Cup final defeat to Leicester at Wembley. “You learn from every defeat and from every experience and we lost a very, very close match by one goal against a strong, competitive Leicester side,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The result was not what we expected and not what we wanted but even if it feels like this, there are always two teams involved in every cup final and people regard very quickly the one who loses this match as a loser. “But look what it takes to come to a final. “If you have a tennis grand slam final like the last one between [Rafael] Nadal and [Daniil] Medvedev, who is the guy to raise the hand and say Medvedev is a loser after five-and-a-half hours of tennis out of this world. “So we are very quick in judging and we are very quick in saying what he has to learn. “Maybe he just also learns that he is on the level and he had everything it takes, and at some point, you need a bit of luck. “You need to accept that okay, we left it all out there. And this is what we will do again.” He added: “We want to put our teeth into this match and into the task of beating Liverpool. “We want this absolutely. Some days like last season's FA Cup final, you need to accept it. “This is sometimes the message that sport teaches you and this is good because you can take it into life that this is how it goes, it's not always sunshine. “But we fight hard to make it the best day for us and for our supporters today.”