This Is Going To Hurt returns to BBC One this week and the series is based on former doctor Adam Kay's experiences. In his memoir of the same name, he details the trials and tribulations of working in an overstretched and under-funded sector. The creators of the TV series responded to the potential for backlash against the NHS and the series itself. This Is Going To Hurt has received positive reviews so far as viewers have praised Ben Whishaw for his performance as junior doctor, Adam. Newcomer Ambika Mod, who plays Adam's colleague Shruti, has also received plenty of praise for her breakout role. The emotional rollercoaster of a series pays tribute to the hard-working and selfless NHS professionals. Although the series has been branded as eye-opening and thought-provoking, there has been some criticism. Rachael Dewey said on Twitter: "I must admit I don’t understand the support for #thisisgoingtohurt. READ MORE: This Is Going to Hurt fans blast BBC as start time suffers delay "It demeans women’s experiences/ bodies & has dramatised attitudes we’re trying to move away from in midwifery/obs and gynaecology. "Calling obs and gynae 'brats and t***s'- just sums it up really." [Sic] Milli Hill said: "Giving birth should not be inherently traumatic, even if programmes such as #ThisIsGoingToHurt present it as such. "Women deserve to begin motherhood feeling strong & empowered, not physically & emotionally scarred." [Sic] Jane Featherstone, an executive producer for the series, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other media ahead of the show's release. READ MORE: BBC's This Is Going To Hurt lacks tone and empathy - JUDY FINNIGAN She said the show is set in the 2000s because the book is set in that era and it reflects Kay's experiences of that time. She added: "I think in terms of a backlash, I really hope not. I can't predict what people will feel about it. "But I really hope not because everyone here has said it is a love letter to the NHS. "If there is a single person in this country who doesn't believe the NHS is complicated, difficult, underfunded and at stress then they are not living in the real world. "I think we already know all those things, we have seen it in the last two years. DON'T MISS... Adam Kay partner: Who is the This Is Going To Hurt star married to? [EXPLAINER] Ben Whishaw’s crippling fear on This Is Going to Hurt [INSIGHT] This Is Going To Hurt star opens up on ‘breakdown’ during surgery [INTERVIEW] "We also all know that we bloody love it, we all know everybody in this country wants to support it. "I don't believe anybody doesn't, actually. It's just about how you do that and how we prioritise it." The executive producer said she would be disappointed to hear of any criticism towards how the series portrays the NHS. She said: "I think that would be really upsetting actually for everybody involved in the NHS and this. "Because it's supposed to be 'look at how hard they work, look at how brilliant they are'. "These people are extraordinary and they do amazing things." Kay worked as an obstetrics and gynaecology trainee and has written a number of works on the subject. He worked as a doctor from 2004 to 2010, leaving to become a full-time writer. Kay said he wanted the series to pay homage to the NHS and show how healthcare workers are human too.  This Is Going To Hurt returns on Tuesday on BBC One at 9pm. The whole series is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.