The rise of 65 percent compared with 49 percent for ambulance staff, 35 percent for nurses and health visitors and 32 percent for midwives between 2011 and 2021. Callum Price, from the Centre for Policy Studies, said the figures would be a “bitter pill” for those facing tax rises to fund the NHS. He said: “It is plainly unjust to further hit pay packets at a time of rising inflation so that NHS managers can continue to see vast increases to their stipends.” Christopher Snowdon, of the Institute of Economic Affairs, said too much of the Department of Health’s almost £200billion budget has been spent on “inflated salaries for bureaucrats and managers”. He added: “The NHS’s near-monopoly on healthcare has allowed a culture of extravagance to flourish. “While the rest of the country endures a cost-of-living crisis, the public sector aristocracy continues to thrive.” It came after the Daily Express launched its Stop NHS Waste crusade. Among the concerns highlighted were unnecessary layers of middle management in the NHS. However, NHS England argued that salaries paid to managers were not unreasonable. A spokesman said: “Pay rates for senior leaders are in line with those for people with similar responsibilities in other sectors. “The NHS is one of the most efficient health services in the world, with administrative costs of less than 2p in every pound of funding, compared to 5p in Germany.” The figures were revealed in the Government’s submission to the NHS Pay Review Body. It recommended a three percent pay rise for health staff this year, arguing that as the service returned to its pre-pandemic financial regime there was a need for “greater financial restraint”. The offer has sparked fury among unions. Rachel Harrison, GMB national officer, said three percent would “fall far short of what [workers] deserve”. She said: “Ministers warn of stark trade-offs between NHS pay and NHS services – but patient care is on the line if the health service can’t recruit and retain the workers it needs.” Pat Cullen, the Royal College of Nursing’s general secretary, said: “Failing to pay a fair wage is a false economy: many are thinking of quitting the profession and anything less than what they deserve will not prevent an exodus.”