Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is designed to help those on the state pension with the additional costs that arise from having a severe disability or illness. In light of the current living cost crisis, older Britons are being encouraged by the DWP to reach out for this “vitally important” support. As a benefit payment, Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates which are awarded depending on the level of care someone needs due to their disability. Despite this, any money received by Attendance Allowance does not need to go towards paying for a carer. The two rates of payment are either £60 or £89.60 a week for those who are of the state pension age and have a physical or mental disability. As well as this, this particular benefit payment is not means-tested by the DWP unlike other schemes. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  This means that what someone earns or how much they have in savings will not affect how much they will receive. According to the Government’s website, Attendance Allowance does not cover the mobility costs often associated with having a disability. Furthermore, applicants for this disability benefit payment do not need to have a carer looking after them to put forward a claim. The lower rate of £60 is given to state pensioners if they need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night” due to their disability”, according to the DWP. In comparison, the higher rate of £89.60 is awarded to those who require “help or supervision throughout both day and night, or you’re terminally ill”. If a claimant’s circumstances change substantially, how much they get in Attendance Allowance could also change. It is important that all Attendance Allowance recipients report any changes to their circumstances to the DWP. Any benefit payment money from the DWP will be sent to the preferred bank, building society or credit union account of the claimant’s choice. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised why those with a disability should reach out to the DWP for support. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Anyone who believes they could be entitled to receive Attendance Allowance should contact the DWP as soon as possible.