Prime Minister Boris Johnson warned the Russian president’s stooges: “There is no place for dirty money in the UK. We are going faster and harder to tear back the facade that those supporting Putin’s campaign of destruction have been hiding behind for so long. “Those backing Putin have been put on notice: there will be nowhere to hide your ill-gotten gains.” Shell companies are often used as a front to disguise the real owners of properties in the wealthiest parts of London, allowing people linked to the Kremlin to launder money through the capital. But a register is being set up that will force anonymous foreign owners to reveal their real identities or face up to five years in prison. They will also face a freeze on the sale of their property. The reforms will be outlined in an Economic Crime Bill being introduced in Parliament today and will apply to all property bought by overseas owners in the past 20 years in England and Wales and since December 2014 in Scotland. Use of unexplained wealth orders will be expanded to include property to make it easier to target corrupt elites. Home Secretary Priti Patel said: “Time is up for Putin’s cronies hiding dirty money in the UK and this new legislation will help to crack down on economic crime.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: “There are over 100 billionaires in Russia. We have compiled a hit list of oligarchs. We are working through and putting the cases together and every few weeks we will sanction new oligarchs. “We will go through the hit list. We will be targeting oligarchs’ private jets, we will be targeting their properties, we will be targeting other possessions that they have and there will be nowhere to hide.” Ms Truss added: “This long-running conflict is about freedom and democracy in Europe. If we don’t stop Putin in Ukraine we are going to see others under threat – the Baltics, Poland, Moldova – and it could end up in a conflict with Nato.” She admitted: “Yes, there will be an economic cost here in Britain. There will be a cost in terms of access to oil and gas markets. I firmly believe that the British public understand the price we will pay if we don’t stand up to Putin now.” Other measures will form part of new legislation in the coming months to clamp down on illicit finance and will include new powers to seize crypto assets. Steps will make it easier for firms to be fined over sanction breaches. Before, proof was needed that they had knowledge or a reasonable cause to suspect rules were being broken. Companies House is also being given more powers to tackle dodgy firms. Overseas agents will no longer be able to create firms in the UK on behalf of foreign criminals. A Government source said: “We want to hit the people right at the top of the Russian economy and hit them hard.” News of the reforms comes after Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich handed the “stewardship and care” of the football club to its foundation trustees after calls for him to be stripped of his assets. But the move is largely symbolic as he remains Chelsea’s owner. The Russian-Israeli billionaire, who has always denied any suggestion of his alleged closeness to Putin and his regime, did not condemn the invasion of Ukraine when he made the announcement on Saturday. But in a statement yesterday, the London club said the situation in Ukraine was “horrific and devastating” and “everyone at the club is praying for peace”.