 Kane's brace against the Premier League leaders gave the Citizens their first loss since Halloween in the league - and blew the title race wide open. His late heroics saw him notch his seventh Premier League goal of the season in 22 games, which is a decent total considering he had scored just one goal after 13 games of the season. Since then, he has scored six goals in nine to give the Lilywhites hope in their bid for Champions League qualification. But former Premier League striker Collymore has berated the striker, claiming that he has 'disrespected' the club with his performance. And the Stone-born talisman has claimed that if he does move on in the summer, it will be for a fee of around £70m - less than half of what Levy wanted for him last summer, with quotes of £150m for his services reportedly being touted to City. "It was an exceptional all-round strike performance," Collymore said. "But where has it been all season? Is it grossly unfair on Tottenham and their fans who pay his wages that they don’t see it more. "How can you be world-class one week, and then be just ok, within yourself, for the previous 20 games? Harry has got two years of being able to score top numbers. He is not the physical presence that Zlatan Ibrahimovic or Cristiano Ronaldo are. "But I do wonder if he has missed the boat on a big move. If City win the Champions League this season Pep Guardiola may say actually the reason to sign Harry, that extra push for the European trophy, doesn’t apply anymore. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  "Do they want to spend big, and give a five year contract to a man who is 29 before next season, or go for Erling Haaland, who would be at his peak? "He would only be worth £70million this summer, and it won’t be financial restrictions that stop it. City need a striker, but it all depends on whether they can get Haaland. "The next phase for City probably means looking to the next generation." DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  According to the Athletic, Kane wants to see how Tottenham could progress under Antonio Conte before he decides what to do in the future. He will enter his last two years of his contract in pre-season, giving him more negotiation power. And if Haaland decides to move to Real Madrid, a deal for Kane could be explored. If that turns out to be the case and the player pushes for the exit, Levy will hope suitors will be prepared a lot more than Collymore's £70m prediction.