The Met Office has issued a weather warning as winds of up to 90MPH are expected across the country due to storm Dudley and Eunice. Britons planning to travel in the next few days can expect disruption to trains, ferries and planes. ScotRail cancelled all its services on Wednesday as a safety precaution. The train operator said: “Our train services will cease running early on Wednesday afternoon. “ScotRail services on the Far North, Kyle of Lochalsh, and Aberdeen-Inverness lines will continue to run. Some cross-border services will operate too, but at reduced speeds. READ MORE: British Airways launches holiday deals to USA, Caribbean and Europe “The strength of the winds expected could damage infrastructure, blowing debris and trees onto tracks and damaging equipment such as overhead electric power lines and signals.” All Caledonian Sleeper services have also been cancelled. Avanti West Coast is urging passengers to travel as soon as they can and don't delay their journey. The train operator said: “Emergency speed restrictions may be imposed from 4pm in Scotland.  “As a result, journeys to/from Glasgow and Edinburgh will be extended by approximately 60 minutes.” CrossCountry will run as far as Edinburgh but not beyond Aberdeen and Glasgow. The company said: “There will be no alternative routes available for passengers and no road transport running due to the weather conditions. “CrossCountry advise passengers to travel earlier to their destination today if they can, or to postpone their journey until Thursday.” Gatwick Airport has issued a warning ahead of Storm Eunice as wind gusts of 59mph are set to strike in the next few days. A spokesperson said: "As with any severe weather, our priority is the safety and wellbeing of passengers and staff at the airport. "As in all circumstances, teams across the airport work closely with each other and with airlines, baggage handlers etc to keep disruption to a minimum. Should there be severe weather later this week, we would advise passengers to check the status of their flights with their airlines." Passengers are advised to check the status of their flights before heading to the airport. According to The Met Office, air travel is at high risk and Britons are advised to check any updates before travelling. Scotland’s airline, Loganair, said: “We plan to fly all our scheduled services, and we have standby aircraft and crews in place to help recover any disrupted services as soon as reasonably possible once weather conditions permit.” All 29 Caledonian MacBrayne ferry services have also been affected, with many already cancelled for the day. Road closures are also expected across the UK.