Arsenal icon Paul Merson's prophecy for Marcelo Bielsa was proved right as Leeds United were heavily beaten once again by Tottenham on Saturday afternoon. The Whites have conceded at least three goals in each of their last five Premier League matches and look set for a tough battle to retain their top-flight status between now and the end of the campaign. Leeds currently find themselves just three points ahead of 18th-placed Burnley, who have three games in hand on the Yorkshire outfit ahead of the business end of the season.The club's dire situation has recently seen Bielsa's position as manager called into question over the efficacy of his approach to matches against stronger opponents.The 66-year-old is known for his aggressive high-tempo style of play, which worked wonders in helping Leeds to secure a return to the Premier League back in 2020.However, it tends to leave the Whites totally exposed at the back against the best sides in the country.Merson offered his thoughts on the situation by underlining the need for a tactical rethink when quizzed on Bielsa's future ahead of Saturday's crushing defeat at the hands of Tottenham. JUST IN: Solskjaer's next job as Manchester United prepare for Watford clash "He's pulling the wool over people’s eyes, he needs to change," the former Arsenal man told Sky Sports."He’s got players out, I know he has. I know other teams have players out but the way Leeds, they’re important players."He has to change it. You can’t keep playing Man United and Liverpool and getting beat sixes and fours."You have to stop it. I worry for them, at the moment I really worry for them." Merson went on to suggest that Leeds fans have a duty to make themselves heard by putting pressure on Bielsa from the stands when things are not going well."I think the fans have got to start getting a bit stronger," he added."If I got beat by Tottenham four when I was playing for Arsenal, there’s no way we’re getting clapped off. You don’t boo, but just go home."For me, they’ve worked so hard to get into this league but it’s fizzling away. I love watching Leeds. "I have no affinity to them but I love watching them because I know there will be loads of goals either way, that’s not right." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Bielsa will stay on at Leeds until the end of the season if he is unable to put things right over the coming weeks.Club chiefs have already discussed the possibility of making a change in the dugout, with former RB Leipzig boss Jesse Marsch among the most likely candidates in the frame to take over, according to The Athletic.The 48-year-old previously managed MLS sides Montreal Impact and New York Red Bulls before leading Red Bull Salzburg to league and cup doubles in two consecutive seasons.He was appointed by Leipzig to replace the outgoing Julian Nagelsmann last summer but was eventually sacked after just four months having won five of his 14 matches in charge. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here