Diabetes is a common condition that affects millions of people in the UK, and 90 percent of cases are caused by type 2 diabetes. But you could lower your chances of developing diabetes symptoms by simply adding some natural supplements to your daily diet. Diabetes is caused by the body not producing enough of the hormone insulin, or the body not reacting to insulin. Without enough insulin, the body struggles to convert sugar into useable energy. It's vital that if you think you're at risk of high blood sugar, you speak to a doctor as soon as possible. Diabetes increases the risk of some deadly complications, including heart disease and strokes. READ MORE: Diabetes type 2: Three warning signs of 'dangerous' high blood sugar  Some natural treatments could help to relieve your diabetes symptoms, it's been claimed. While they should never be used instead of prescribed medication, supplements might help to lower your blood sugar. Speak to a doctor or nutritionist before adding any new tablets to your diet. Some supplements could interfere with your everyday diabetes medication. DON'T MISSDiabetes: The golden liquid shown to lower blood sugar - two teaspoons [STUDY]How to live longer: The surprising food we should all eat - study [RESEARCH]Diabetes: The spice known to decrease blood glucose spikes [ANALYSIS] Cinnamon has been claimed to lower blood sugar levels in diabetes patients. Medical website Healthline said: "Chinese medicine has been using cinnamon for medicinal purposes for hundreds of years. "A 2011 study has shown that cinnamon, in whole form or extract, helps lower fasting blood glucose levels. "More studies are being done, but cinnamon is showing promise for helping to treat diabetes." Chromium enhances the effects of insulin, which means sugar is converted into energy more efficiently. It's an essential trace element that's used in the metabolism of carbohydrates. Lower doses are safe for most people, but you could also simply add more chromium-rich foods to your diet. The best dietary sources of chromium include meat, wholegrain, lentils, broccoli, potatoes, and some spices. Taking magnesium supplements could help to protect against insulin resistance. Adding just 100mg of magnesium to your diet could lower your risk of diabetes by as much as 15 percent, it's been claimed. Similarly, you could be more at risk of a magnesium deficiency if you’ve been diagnosed with diabetes. That’s because patients tend to lose a lot of their magnesium in their urine, as their body tries to get rid of excess sugar.