Naga Munchetty, 46, took to social media and shared a sweet snap of her feline friend spread out on the floor. The BBC Breakfast presenter often shares photos of her beloved pets on the picture-sharing site but was swiftly inundated with messages after she mistakenly sparked worry at the weekend. In view of her 266,000 Twitter followers on Sunday, the broadcaster posted a snap of one of her three cats, and captioned the photo: "Sleep peacefully." The on-screen host added the hashtag: "#grateful." The Radio 5 Live presenter was inundated with comments, as fans reacted to the picture. Twitter user, David Turner wrote: "Still think every day of my lab Blue 11 years to the day. His lead is still where I hung when I came home without him #be strong." READ MORE: Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit Richard Marsden wrote: "All the fun and love pets provide bless you Naga. Hearts are with you." Naga also shared a link of the photo via her Instagram account where she clarified that her cat had not died. In view of her 52,000 followers, she wrote: "Sleep peacefully (not passed, just chilling) #grateful." Paul James asked: "Has she passed?"  Naga confirmed: "No. Just chilling. Have edited the post to make clear." Ceef1969 questioned: "Has she passed?" The BBC Breakfast presenter again replied: "No. Just chilling." Pinks Nickey commented: "Oh I got a fright at first. Just a little darling." DON'T MISS... ‘If only they knew’ Ruth Langsford’s takedown of Eamonn's female fans[LATEST]Jack Whitehall's partner Roxy Horner rushed to hospital[HEALTH]John Cleese slams 'wannabe autocrat Donald Trump' amid Putin comments[POLITICS] Efford Keith joked: "I thought your cat had just got out of a river. Glad it’s just chilling." Sam Jam added: "She's beautiful. Cats truly bless our lives." In an earlier post, Naga had shared a photo of her beloved pet nestled inside a small box while she slept. The BBC Breakfast host captioned the post: "Happiness." While Naga doesn't often post to her Instagram, her fans have got to know her feline friends who she shares on the picture-sharing site. She is the proud owner of her furry friends Xena, Missy and Bella. Naga lives in Hertfordshire with her husband and TV director James Haggar and the couple have been married for 18 years. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.