It comes amid reports of Russian airstrikes in Ivano-Frankivsk, in Western Ukraine, just a few hours' drive from Poland. Poland's Government spokesman Piotr Müller said: "We are already observing the situation of cyber attacks, especially in Ukraine, but also intensified actions in Poland." This also comes after the EU deployed a cyber rapid-response (CRRT) team to help protect Ukraine from cyber attacks.    The team of eight to 12 experts has committed to defending the country remotely and on-site. A CRRT official warned: "We can see that cyber-measures are an important part of Russia's hybrid toolkit." But it now appears that Russia may be targeting its neighbours too. Ben Makuch, a reporter for Vice News, wrote on Twitter: "Airstrikes now as far west as Ivano Frankivsk which is just a few hours drive to Poland, a NATO member. This is truly on the doorstep. (Also where an infamous Russian cyber attack on the power grid happened in 2015)." The cyber attacks in Ukraine in 2015 and 2016 led to blackouts after Russian hackers were said to target electricity substations.  Last week, Poland also raised the alarm with its security services and public administration against cyber attacks just hours after two banks in Ukraine were reportedly hacked. Russia was blamed for the attack amid its build-up of pressure on Ukraine as nearly 200,000 troops amassed on its borders. But after months of speculation, Russian President Vladimir Putin has now announced a “special military operation” in what could lead to the biggest conflict since World War 2. And Russia has been known to incorporate what is known as hybrid warfare in its attacks, where it combines cyber attacks with standard military activity. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated The CRRT will be hoping to fend off these additional cyber attacks while the country suffers from military siege. According to an official, the team is "composed of different cyber-expertise, such as incident response, forensics, vulnerability assessment, to be able to react to a variety of scenarios". Meanwhile, chaos is unravelling in Kiev. Locals were rushed to safety in bomb shelters after explosions were heard just outside the city. Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said: “Putin has just launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS Xi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REPORT] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [REVEAL] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT] “Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes. This is a war of aggression. Ukraine will defend itself and will win. The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now.” Explosions from artillery rockets were also reported in shelling near Mariupol. Ukraine is prepared for troops to roll into Kkariv too, about 20 miles from the border, prompting air raid sirens to go off. Mr Putin also sent the West a horrifying warning after claiming that a  "hostile anti-Russia is being created on our historic lands.” He warned: “To anyone who would consider interfering from the outside: if you do, you will face consequences greater than any you have faced in history. All relevant decisions have been taken. I hope you hear me." 