Pippa Middleton, the younger sister of Kate Middleton, burst onto the fashion scene in 2011 at her older sister’s royal wedding when she was the maid of honour. Her stunning white satin dress immediately went viral for showing off her incredible figure. It was designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, and Pippa instantly became an overnight sensation.  Pippa’s own wedding ceremony in 2017 was a much more low-key affair, with strict security on the estate, villagers being asked to carry ID, and to not speak to the press. Although not technically a member of the Royal Family, Pippa’s engagement ring to James Matthews has a surprising royal link. The ring has a valuation of around £250,000 and the central stone is an Asscher cut diamond, which has a royal origin. The type of cut was invented in 1902 by Joseph Asscher, who formed the Royal Asscher Diamond Company.  READ MORE: Prince Harry is ‘showing off new life’ to Eugenie - here’s how This company became prestigious diamond cutters who provided jewels for Queen Juliana of the Netherlands. Pippa's dazzling diamond is thought to be around three carats and is surrounded by unique smaller gems, creating an eye-catching design. The style is reminiscent of a vintage ring, which is certainly Pippa Middleton’s style. James asked Pippa's father Michael Middleton for her hand in marriage before the proposal.   A friend of the couple explained: “James is a traditionalist and very much wanted to do things properly. “That meant getting the consent of his future father-in-law. “Mike and Carole are very happy. “They like James and they are sure he will make Pippa very happy,” they told The Daily Mail.  The couple went on to have a spectacular spring wedding with lots of royals in attendance. Prince Harry, Princess Eugenie, and Roger Federer and his wife Mirka were among the guests at the church. Pippa's nephew Prince George was a pageboy and her niece Princess Charlotte was a bridesmaid. The Duchess of Cambridge could be seen telling the children to be quiet as they were entering the church.  Also on the guestlist was Made in Chelsea star Spencer Matthews, as he is James Matthews’ brother. The bride looked incredible in a lace Giles Deacon gown, which had a vintage-chic style. It featured a high Victorian neckline, an A-line skirt, and delicate cap sleeves. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a blush pink dress by Alexander McQueen, which was notably the same designer for her own wedding dress back in 2011. 