An estimated £50billion is languishing in lost pensions, old bank accounts, pensions, investments and perhaps insurance policies. On BBC Money Box, Neil called in to speak about his own experience with tracing a lost pension. He said “I moved away from the area and went out of the country. Then when I came back and moved several times to different parts of the country and moved addresses. I totally forgot about it. “Eventually, a couple of years ago some old mail from 2003 caught up with me to a personal pension that I had. “I contacted the Pension Ombudsman who offered me some advice. And in the meantime, I found out that this pension company doesn’t even exist anymore, so it was passed to another pension company who I am currently in contact with. “I’m going through the identity process right now and hopefully it will lead to this personal pension. READ MORE: 'I put my pension in this' - Dragons' Den reject took a 'huge risk' in pitch for £50,000 “So, through job moves, moving house and the demands of modern life, it is surprisingly easy to lose the details of your pension scheme." The average lost pot holds £13,000 - but some people throw away a lot more than that. The DWP estimated that Britons may change jobs around 11 times in their professional career, and with auto enrolment it’s more likely they will have different pension pots with different providers. Commenting on Neil's situation, Ms Marchant said it sounds as though he was in the process of connecting with that pension once he’s proved his identity. “So, through job moves, moving house and the demands of modern life, it is surprisingly easy to lose the details of your pension scheme. The average lost pot holds £13,000 - but some people throw away a lot more than that. The DWP estimated that Britons may change jobs around 11 times in their professional career, and with auto enrolment it’s more likely they will have different pension pots with different providers. Ms Marchant continued: “Sounds like he’s in the process of connecting with that pension once he’s proved his identity." She added: “I would reassure Neil that pension money because it’s separate from the employer so it wouldn’t be affected by any change of ownership. “If he is still struggling to connect with that pension, the Government have a really useful pension saving service tool on the Gov.uk website. People just need to search ‘trace a pension’." Even if someone’s employer has gone bust, pensions are still protected. Pensions are held completely separate from employer assets, she said. She gave insight for those people who may feel they have lost a workplace pension. Britons should start by contacting their former employer. If people can’t find these details because it was so long ago, people can use the Government’s pension tracing service, or they can call the MoneyHelper pensions helpline free of charge for further guidance. If speaking with MoneyHelper pension expert, Ms Marchant suggested that people should have as much information to hand as possible to give them the best chance to help. If people have no idea where they can start but have an idea that they do have something to track down, she encouraged Britons to still get in touch. “We can help you regardless of what stage you’re at,” she said.