The amount of state pension someone can get is based on their National Insurance record when they reach state pension age. This means it is vital Britons build a strong record in order to maximise their income in retirement. To receive the full new state pension, an individual may need 35 years of National Insurance contributions. However, some may get a different amount, such as if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. These do not have to be consecutive, and it is possible for someone to have gaps in their record and still get the full amount of state pension, as long as they have 35 years overall. Britons need at least 10 years of National Insurance contributions to get any state pension whatsoever. READ MORE: ‘Future looks bleak!’ Pensioners could get £500 boost if they claim Cold Weather Payments The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 per week, but it will rise to £185.15 from April 2022. It is possible to get more than the full state pension if an individual would have had above a certain amount of ‘Additional’ state pension under the old state pension rules. Pensioners can access their state pension entitlement when they reach state pension age, which is currently 66. This will rise to 67 no later than 2028 and again to 68 by 2046. DON'T MISSCold Weather Payments due this winter - full list of eligible postcodes [INSIGHT]Money making tips: 10 of the best side hustles where you can earn £500 a month [TIPS]Council tax rebate: How to apply for £150 off bill whatever your council tax band [ALERT] There are three ways to earn qualifying years of National Insurance, which will then increase someone’s state pension entitlement. The most common way to earn a qualifying year is through working. People who are employed and earn more than £184 per week from one employer should pay National Insurance and therefore earn a qualifying year for every year they work. Self-employed people who pay National Insurance contributions can also earn qualifying years. Those who are on certain benefits may also earn qualifying years. This could help to supplement any periods of unemployment which would have otherwise meant their National Insurance record suffered. Britons who receive the following benefits could get National Insurance credits, which contribute to their overall record: If someone wants to improve their National Insurance record further, they may be able to make voluntary contributions. This could then increase their state pension entitlement. Britons can check their National Insurance online to see if there are any gaps they wish to fill. They can then find out if they are able to pay voluntary contributions and ultimately decide if this is something they wish to do.