Yellowstone 1883 continues to air on Paramount Plus and the Taylor Sheridan prequel left fans on the edge of their seats. Elsa Dutton (played by Isabel May) was shot with an arrow following a misunderstanding in the TV hit. Viewers are keen to know whether the character dies in the episode, titled Racing Clouds. The latest episode of 1883 saw the group making their way across the Great Plains. Some of them came across a destroyed Lakota camp and there were many dead bodies. Wanting to avoid getting caught up in the trouble, they left the camp in search of the real attackers. However, they were too late as Cookie (James Jordan) ended up getting killed by a Lakota resident. Elsa went to warn the rest of the group but she was knocked off her horse and shot with an arrow. READ MORE: Y 1883 fans devastated after ‘emotionally gutting’ episode seals death The end of the episode led viewers to believe she had died, but she was saved when she revealed her husband is Comanche. Her wound was healed, but it did not last long as the arrow that shot her most likely infected her. James Dutton (Tim McGraw) told his wife Margaret (Faith Hill): "If we don’t accept it now, she’s gonna die in some fort with some doctor doping her up so badly she can’t see straight, and we will have robbed her. "We will lie to her and tell her she’s fine. We’ll let her look at this world with those big dreamer eyes until she can’t see anymore.” Elsa started to feel ill and was experiencing pain in the area the arrow hit. She said she knew she was going to die, and it is only a matter of time. The upcoming episode will most likely see Elsa grow weaker as her parents plan her funeral. They have already discussed where she will be buried, but will they make it all the way to Oregon? Elsa is a fan-favourite character in the series and it would be a huge blow if she were to die. It is hoped the series will continue for another season, so there is hope she will pull through. DON'T MISS... Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT] 1932 Yellowstone release: When is the Yellowstone spin-off out? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone 6666: Why there been no update on Yellowstone spin-off [INSIGHT] However, her recovery will not come without its challenges as the group would need to find a talented healer on their journey. Her life or death situation may come right down to the wire, concluding in the season finale. Actress May has not given anything away about her character's fate but all should be revealed on Sunday. The 10th episode will air on February 27 and should pick up immediately after the events of the tragic episode. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on Elsa's fate. Ally said: "Please tell me Sam finds out about Elsa and comes to save her because I can’t handle any other kind of ending for our narrator. #1883TV" Who Cares added: "1883 episode 9 is brutal if they kill off the best characters I’m outa here. #1883TV" Leilani chan agreed: "If Sam doesn’t magically show up with some special native herbs to save Elsa, I don’t see the point in Season 2 of #1883TV." TexasTammers shared: "I just need to know that Elsa does not die. #1883TV"  Yellowstone 1883 continues with episode 10 on Paramount Plus on Sunday, February 27.