After denying for months that it had any intention of invading Ukraine, Russia has rocked the global stage by sending armed forces over the border, from multiple positions. Earlier this week Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed Ukraine was “created by Russia” and incapable of self-governance. Speaking in a pre-dawn TV statement on Thursday, Mr Putin said it was not Russia’s intention to occupy Ukraine and ordered the country’s military to stop offering resistance. Reports swiftly began to emerge after the broadcast of attacks by Russia on a number of Ukrainian military targets. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky responded by announcing martial law across all of the country and said weapons would be offered to anyone who wanted them. In a video statement he said: “No panic. We're strong. We're ready for anything. We'll defeat everyone, because we are Ukraine.” READ MORE: Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks Prior to Russia's attack he had made a last-ditch attempt to avert a conflict, warning that Russia could start "a major war in Europe" and urging Russian citizens to oppose it. However, the plea fell on deaf ears, with Russia breaching Ukraine’s border less than 24 hours later. Thousands of people have been seen attempting to leave Ukraine’s capital Kyiv, with significant traffic queues created as a result of the mass exodus. Several neighbouring countries have started preparations to take in a large number of refugees.  As conflict rages on, questions are being asked of what Mr Putin’s masterplan is and where it could eventually lead to. During his TV address he said the goal of Russia was demilitarisation and "denazification" of Ukraine. Mr Putin also repeated unfounded accusations he had made earlier this week that “modern-day Ukraine was in full and in whole created by Russia - Bolshevik, Communist Russia to be precise.” The comments have escalated fears that the Kremlin is now seeking a complete occupation of Ukraine as opposed to just the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. DON'T MISS: China cosies up to Putin in defiant warning to West [INSIGHT]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [NEWS]‘Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia - warns of MILITARY action [WATCH] Concerns have also grown in the Baltic nations, of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, that Mr Putin will not settle for control of Ukraine alone and could look for further unification of ex-Soviet territories. Estonia and Latvia have now triggered the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's (Nato) Article 4, which allows member nations to call for consultations when they feel threatened by military action. Article 4 of the North Atlantic Treaty stipulates: "The Parties will consult together whenever, in the opinion of any of them, the territorial integrity, political independence or security of any of the Parties is threatened." Estonia’s Prime Minister Kaja Kallas told BBC News that “everything we were afraid of, that we knew from the intelligence reports, actually has come true”.  Prior to launching the invasion, Mr Putin had wanted Nato to limit its activities within eastern Europe as part of a series of demands he had issued to western leaders. He claimed that any potential entry of Ukraine into the military alliance would undermine Russia’s national security. However, before the end of January, the US rejected the Kremlin’s proposals, leaving diplomatic talks at a stalemate. Regardless, the Kremlin is still likely to push for its demands to be met, as part of any diplomatic talks between the opposing sides. 