Residents of a cul-de-sac in Wales formed a barricade with garden chairs to prevent drivers on the school run parking in their road. The move came after the local council closed the school’s drop-off zone forcing parents taking their kids to school to find alternative parking. That forced drivers into streets like the residents’ in Bridgend where they found cars parked on their driveways and chaos at peak traffic times. When closing the drop off zone for Brynmenyn primary school, the council said there had been multiple incidents of vehicles making dangerous manoeuvres, travelling at speed, blocking or not using parking bays correctly, and ignoring instructions from officers on site, the Mirror reported. But the residents of the Lon Derw cul-de-sac said that was the start of fences being damaged, children being put at risk and an ambulance struggling to gain access. Jessica Upham, who lives in the cul-de-sac said: "All the driveways are getting blocked… there’s been near-misses with children walking to and from school.” READ MORE: Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes She added: “People have been parking on our driveways, all the grass has been turned up, they’ve damaged cars, fences, drains have all been lifted. “People can’t pass on the pavement with babies and prams. “I take my kids [to] school late now so that I haven't got to walk through all the hassle over the cars. “It's been reported to the council, the ombudsman, the police, the local councillor has been informed.” DON'T MISSResidents may not be able to get exemptions ahead of car tax changes  [INSIGHT]New car tax changes set to launch in Oxford [ANALYSIS]Nine roads to face car tax changes [COMMENT] In the end the residents decided to take out garden furniture, arrange it across the entrance to the road and sit on it to block access. It appears to have worked, as this week Bridgend County Borough Council (BCBC) announced that they will reopen the drop off zone. Councillor Tim Thomas said: "This has been a challenging time for parents, local residents and school staff."While the safety of children is paramount, I was very concerned about the impact closing these drop offs would have on safety within the community. “I welcome the reintroduction, but I have several questions on the application and monitoring of access to drop off points, which I will put to BCBC.” He continued: "It was my understanding that the drop off points were closed due to the poor driving behaviour of a small minority of parents. "If that is the case, I am surprised that the recommendations have taken almost three months while many people have been impacted in the community. “I am still seeking transparency and clarity to ensure the longevity of safety for all. "I will be interested to know, how many vehicles will be granted access, what criteria will they have to achieve to qualify and going forward how will they monitor the success of these new arrangements. I will also be seeking further clarity on what provisions are in place for breakfast clubs and after school clubs." Additional parking measures have now been added by BCBC for the use of the drop off zone at the school. Those include the drop-off zone being 'locked down' at the start and the end of the school day to restrict the exit of vehicles until it is safe to do so. There will also be additional restrictions on site, like speed cushions, the introduction of a 5mph speed limit on school grounds, and a ban on reversing. Cabinet Member for Education and Regeneration, Cllr Charles Smith, said: “These updated arrangements will be closely monitored and, if the risk becomes too great, the local authority will not hesitate to put further restrictions in place.”