The teenagers - both girls and boys - were said to have "rampaged" Pound Bargains in Hull city centre on Monday evening, after they had been refused entry due to the store closing. They allegedly turned on shopkeeper Salim Swatiwal, who reportedly suffered numerous injuries, including a large scar on his head where he is alleged to have been beaten with large objects. His family fear he will be left permanently scarred. But the horror was captured on CCTV and police are now investigating the attack. Two suspects were arrested, Hull Live reports. Repeated shouts of "kill him" can be heard in the footage, with teens apparently seen laughing and smiling. At least 10-12 boys and girls are seen in the clip with objects, reportedly from the shop, in their hands, appearing to beat the staff and damage the property. As the alleged attack is occurring, three girls and a boy appear to run into the shop and help themselves to what appears to be vape products. The alleged attackers are thought to have been scared off when the staff managed to radio through to police. Salim's brother, Khalid Swatiwal, said: "I have never seen anything so terrifying in my life.  "We are facing abuse all the time. "From a business point, our family has worked from the ground up for this business, to make an honest living for ourselves. "£1000 may not seem like a lot to some people, but this loss, in one day, is bad for us.  Khalid says his father has been left terrified by the attack. He said: "Watching your own son be beaten like that would be terrifying for anyone. "I believe in the justice system and I hope that this kind of incident never happens to anyone else".  Humberside Police are appealing for more witnesses to come forward. A spokesman for the force said: "Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an incident on Whitefriargate, Hull, at around 6pm on Monday, February 21. "It is reported that a group of around 10 to 12 youths were involved in violent disorder in which shopkeepers were assaulted, criminal damage caused and items stolen. "Two people have since been arrested and remain in our custody at this time. "However, we would like to hear from anyone who thinks they may have information about the incident or the people involved.  "If you have information that can help with our enquiries, you can contact us on our non-emergency number 101, quoting log 416 of Monday, February 21."