Teams including Mercedes and Red Bull could make key changes to their car ahead of the new season despite impressing at pre-season testing, according to Sky F1 reporter Ted Kravitz. The 2022 season is ushering in a new era, with new rules and regulations set to force teams to adjust their cars to capitalise on new technical innovations. The regulations have been designed to improve competition and parity within the sport after a year dominated each week by Mercedes and Red Bull. As pre-season testing got underway at the Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, Ferrari raised eyebrows thanks to their eye-catching and unique sidepods while the likes of McLaren, Mercedes and Red Bull also put in fine times. When asked about the upcoming Bahrain tests before the season gets underway next month, Kravitz suggested these cars will be far from the finished product when the lights go out. “We get some more representative running and warmer conditions in Bahrain,” Kravitz said in the pitlane on Sky Sports. JUST IN: Max Verstappen responds to Lewis Hamilton’s early marker in F1 testing “We get to the circuit they're going to race on. “We get to see their proper cars, not the ones that have been thought about and made in December and January, the ones we're watching now. “The ideas they've had in February and have seen other cars use, they're the cars we'll see in Bahrain, the proper Formula One cars we're going to take the season for.” Hamilton led new team-mate Russell in a Mercedes one-two on Friday, the two Red Bulls of Sergio Perez and new world champion Max Verstappen were third and fourth fastest, while Sebastian Vettel of Aston Martin was fifth ahead of Ferrari duo Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton issues statement on Ukraine invasionNikita Mazepin's reply as Haas consider cancelling Russian's contractRussia Grand Prix axed from 2022 schedule as F1 chiefs respond Headline lap times in pre-season testing are notoriously unreliable as indicators of true competitiveness such as fuel loads, engine modes, track conditions and other factors can all immensely affect performance. But Kravitz admitted that he thought Ferrari were ‘winner's’ of the testing period in Barcelona. That's a very good question,” Kravitz admitted. “Today was the day where the two top teams of last year showed what they've got. “Max Verstappen had the most impressive lap on a harder tyre. “Not as quick as the Mercedes but on a harder and supposedly slower tyre he was there or thereabouts. “It was a one-two for Mercedes at the end of the day, Lewis Hamilton and George Russell topping the timesheets, but really I think the test probably belongs to Ferrari. “They've shown enough in the first two days to have Mercedes worried. The only question is, what have Red Bull got? We learned a bit of that today.” The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.