Sir Elton John, 74, took to Instagram earlier today to bid a heartfelt farewell to his “favourite venue in the world”. The legendary musician is performing his Farewell Tour as he shared insight into his time at Madison Square Garden. Elton posted several snaps of him earlier today to his 3.9 million followers. The black and white pictures featured him waving goodbye to his fans in the crowd. Another featured him looking up in wonder at the audience. He also showed a drum kit that had been signed by him to mark the occasion.  Elton captioned his images: “Quite a moment for me last night playing Madison Square Garden for the last time on tour. “My favourite venue in the world and somewhere I’ve played over 70 times. “Thank you for a magical couple of nights and 52 years of memories x.” He then shared the hashtag “#eltonfarewelltour”.  Many of the singer's famous followers and fans replied to the post with their well wishes. Charlie Puth wrote: “So special. Congrats my friend.” Sam Taylor Johnson added: “You’re incredible and I love you.” Fan Rachpelt replied: “You are a magical legend!!!!! DON'T MISS... Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [TWITTER]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [PICTURES]   “Thank you for sharing your music with this world!!!” While user Hollyandbrad2009 wrote: “Wish more than anything I could have been there - I bet it was amazing and so unforgettable.” Elton’s tour Farewell Yellow Brick Road began back in 2018 and is expected to feature more than 300 dates worldwide. However, many had to be delayed and cancelled amid the Covid pandemic and Elton’s health. The tour is due to end on July 3, 2023, in Stockholm, Sweden.  Elton shared an update on January 20 saying it was “good to be back” performing. He penned: “It’s good to be back!! “New Orleans, I’ve loved you since I first visited in 1971! “You’ve got funk and you’ve got electricity and I couldn’t have asked for a better welcome back after so long off the road.” 