  Electronic music recording artist MC Skibadee, whose real name is Alfonso Bondzie, has tragically died. The Jungle legend’s death was announced on Facebook today by his family.      The pioneering Jungle and Drum 'n Bass MC has been a prominent artist ever since he burst onto the scene in 1993. Announcing the news on his Facebook page today, his eldest child wrote: “Hello everyone, as Alphonso's first born I unfortunately come with some sad news to say that Skibadee has passed away. “As a family we ask for some privacy but may he rest in peace.” It is not yet clear how the star died, but in the meantime tributes have been pouring in for the popular artist. READ MORE: David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him'     Tributes for the pioneering music artist came pouring in on social media this afternoon. A number of the MC’s fellow musicians were some of the first to pay their respects to the late star. Former So Solid Crew member Lisa Maffia shared a picture of MC Skibadee to social media. She captioned it: “Not too sure what to say! Another pioneer gone!       "My heart goes out to your beautiful daughters, family and friends. “DnB finest @therealskibagram I’m sorry to hear this news. Rest well sir #skiba #RIP.” Drum and Bass producer Friction also paid tribute, writing: "RIP Skibadee. Can’t believe I’m writing this right now. “Had some amazing times with him on stage over the years. An absolute legend of our scene and will be remembered forever.” READ MORE... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [UPDATE] Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [INSIGHT] 'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [LATEST]   Further posts came from the Jungle and Drum and Bass fraternity with DJ Fresh posting on Twitter: "I cannot believe I’m writing this. RIP @TheRealSkibz MC Skibadee. “His contribution to Drum and Bass can never be equaled. "He was first and foremost a great guy I always really enjoyed spending time with. “Goodbye old friend, we will keep your memory alive forever.”      DJ Flight was also very upset to hear the news, penning: “F***ing hell. I didn’t want to believe it but seems an official post went up on his fb again. “RIP Skibadee, an icon of Jungle D&B who inspired countless MCs in many genres. “Really awful news, love & condolences to his family & close friends.” MC Skibadee was a huge figure in electronic music, winning best MC at the Drum & Bass Arena Awards and the Stevie Hyper D Lifetime Achievement Award in 2010.  