Other problems commonly faced include wide bottoms on skinny jeans, unflattering pockets, and a waistband which sticks out – adding unwanted inches. And just over two-thirds have a wardrobe full of jeans, but find themselves wearing the same pair over and over. As many as 74 percent find shopping for denim frustrating, and 46 percent cite them as the hardest item of clothing to buy. This is because it can be tricky to get the perfect fit, and the fact there are so many different styles and colours. But two-thirds believe jeans are the most important item of clothing to fit perfectly. A spokesman for luxury fashion brand ME + EM said: “Despite being one of the most important staples in our wardrobes, finding the perfect pair of jeans can feel like an almost impossible task. “The length of time it takes to scour rails or web pages of different cuts, washes and fabrics can be overwhelming, not to mention actually trying on multiple pairs in the hope of striking gold. “It was this denim dilemma that made us determined to create the perfect range of jeans – using intelligent design to provide busy women with the ultimate flattering fit.” On average, females spend only four minutes deciding what to wear each day, with 63 percent wanting to wear clothes that look effortlessly chic – so it’s no surprise jeans are such a wardrobe staple for 85 percent. The study also found the average woman has up to three pairs in their wardrobe which they never wear, due to the fit being imperfect. But once an ideal pair is found, they tend to keep hold for six and a half years. And eight in ten women polled (78 percent) would be happy to spend more on a pair of jeans they know will fit well and last. Good quality fabric, ability to stay up, and a pair that accentuates the figure are among the top things ladies look out for. And women turn to friends, family and influencers when on the hunt for the perfect pair, while almost a third consider previous experience, according to the OnePoll research. The spokesman for ME + EM added: “Our design team spent months honing in on every single detail, unpicking all the classic problems that women face when they’re shopping for jeans, and have used their technical expertise to find the solutions.” Click here to read about ME+EM’s founder’s thoughts on the topic.