On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin declared an attack on Ukraine, with reports of explosions near major cities across the country including Kiev. Good Morning Britain hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard spoke with a number of their colleagues who were reporting from various locations across the world. However, viewers quickly became worried about Richard Gaisford, who was reporting from Kiev, the capital of Ukraine. During his segment on GMB, Richard explained he could hear and see explosions happening across the city. Despite the concern for his welfare, Richard quickly reassured viewers he was filming in an area they "deemed to be safe". "Good morning, this is Kiev," the presenter began. "There have been a number of explosions this morning over the last few hours." READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? He continued: "We are currently in what we deem to be a very safe location. "The area of Padel just below us and it is quite a way below us. "The river and the major bridges crossing to the north. Belarus is about 70 miles away from the north and that is where the Russian troops are." Pointing to where they were filming, Richard explained: "You can see here we are underneath a gazebo, we have this area of hard-standing overlooking it, our kit is set up here." "There are no buildings around us which is obviously a good thing," he added. "There are buildings below and there are buildings above, but this is pretty much a benign area." Richard proceeded to show his Twitter followers his and the ITV crew's body armour should they need it. Speaking about what he'd witnessed that morning, Richard said: "We have heard sirens this morning, air raid warning sirens is what they sounded like." DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [NEWS] "We know that people are trying to leave the city," he explained. "But right now we feel like we are in a very safe place." Despite the host reassuring GMB viewers he was safe, some still took to social media to share their concerns. User @Pickle penned: "When are @GMB going to move @richardgaisford out of Kyiv?! At least get the poor guy inside #gmb #goodmorningbritain." (sic) Dolly tweeted: "When are you going to bring @richardgaisford home?!!!"   While Ella added: "Get @richardgaisford to safety. If locals are leaving Kyiv?!" "Such a worrying time for all. Please keep safe and thank you for putting yourself out there to provide information to the rest of us. Your families must be beside themselves. God bless," user CAF commented. Melinda pleaded: "Gmb you need to get Richard out of there ASAP, we are all concerned for him. Stay safe Richard." (sic) "I wish you would come home," Jean simply wrote. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 