Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has refused to confirm which goalkeeper will start in Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Liverpool. Conversely, his Liverpool counterpart and compatriot, Jurgen Klopp, revealed weeks ago that back-up stopper Caoimhin Kelleher will play if he stays fit. Chelsea racked up their sixth consecutive win in all competitions by cruising to a comfortable victory over Lille last time out. That put Tuchel and co in the driving seat for their Champions League knockout tie, allowing them to concentrate wholeheartedly on Sunday's cup final at Wembley. Liverpool are in even better form, notching nine consecutive wins on a run that dates back to January 13. While Klopp has committed to giving Kelleher a run-out against the Blues, Tuchel refused to do the same when pressed on which of his two stoppers, Kepa Arrizabalaga or Edouard Mendy, would get the nod. "First of all I will not tell you," he said. "I will take the decision late. Kepa played in the Club World Cup semi-final and brought us to the final but then we took the decision to go with Edou for the final, who was back from the African Cup of Nations. "The last decision we will take after training as always. "Kepa did fantastic in the period that we had to be without Edou, so it's an uncomfortable and very comfortable situation to be in." While Tuchel is presented with one selection headache between the sticks, he also has a tough call to make up front. Romelu Lukaku has been stuck in a rut in recent weeks, and despite his poor form and relative inability to affect games, whether down to the manager's tactics or not, Tuchel will know that a goal in Sunday's cup final could go a long way towards restoring confidence and building up a relationship with Blues fans. Kai Havertz played superbly in his absence against Lille, however, and could be rewarded with a spot through the middle if the Belgian starts on the bench for a second consecutive match. Tuchel further explained that his call to drop Lukaku was not just down to form.  "He [Lukaku] played a lot of matches," he continued. "We had a similar situation with Jorginho, one of our captains, because we feel him a little mentally tired. "The focus on Romelu, that I understand, but it's a similar situation as Jorginho. "The decisions are made clear and the players accept. Once you play for Chelsea, you accept the team goes first and that's why there are no hard feelings, not from Romelu or from me."  