The horoscope for today is a total mixed bag. On one hand, we have two transits making us feel easy-breezy and imaginative. On the other, we've got tense aspects forming that will make us feel a little on edge and frustrated. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for February 23. The main thing on the agenda today is the Third Quarter Moon in Sagittarius from 1.30pm. The Sagittarius Moon is curious, adventurous, and spirited, encouraging us to explore, seek, and discover and it’s even freer spirited because it’s in the third quarter phase. Cafe Astrology explained: “The Last Quarter Moon causes us to crave action or movement in our pursuits. “It’s not the best time to start a significant project, as the decreasing light of the Moon symbolises descent into unconsciousness. “However, it’s solid energy for taking a mature look at a situation, and it’s a good time for finishing up details and processing recent revelations.”  READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Aquarius may ‘cringe’ at traditional dating The last quarter moon in excitable Sagittarius “reminds us that the world is our oyster”, according to Astrology.com. The site added: “Bright Luna inspires forward movement, as the lunar energy is like a wildfire. “Thanks to the joyful Sagittarius energy colouring the lunation, we can let go with positivity while leading with instinct.” However, as Astrology King pointed out, the Moon is also conjunct fixed star Acrab today and that brings intensity and some difficulty. The site said: “This brings attention to the themes of power, honour, wealth, gifts, difficulty in obtaining legacy, materialism, interested in unpopular ideas, criticism and success after many difficulties.”  Planet of action, drive and sex Mars is sextile dreamy Neptune today, so romance is on the cards this week. Astrology King said: “Your mystic allure will attract people more in tune with your level of spiritual development and you may even find your soulmate. “You will be sensitive to the desires of others and will enjoy being of service to them. This can result in acts of charity to a sensual massage.” While Mars and Neptune are forming a sextile, we actively seek inspiration. Cafe Astrology explained: “Our intuitive guidance can be put to practical use, especially if it helps increase our sense of security. “There can be the letting go of anger or a softening of the disposition now. We prefer to cooperate or go our own way than compete. “We are also ready to act on our compassion, communicating our intentions through our actions and gestures, and our intuition for making the right moves is strong. “We might open up to unusual or alternative healing methods or the use of compassion and forgiveness for healing purposes. Creative arts can thrive.”  DON'T MISS...Zodiac sign: Pisces warned to 'pay attention to the clues' [INFORMER]The best days for romantic beginnings - 'mark in your diary’ [INSIGHT]Pisces dates: What to expect from Pisces season [EXPLAINER] The mystics at Astrology.com have the same idea about Mars in Capricorn sextile to Neptune in Pisces. The site read: “The mystical sextile can be highly imaginative as Neptune casts a fog over Mars.” However, it also warned: “Sexual fantasies, hasty actions, and misdirected anger will take precedence throughout this transit. “Be sure to channel any feelings of aggression or anger appropriately. “Harness the sexual energy until consent is clearly given. Whatever you do, make sure you have an honest perception of the potential consequences!”  While the Sagittarius Moon and Mars-Neptune sextile encourage a go-with-the-flow vibe, a Jupiter-Pluto semi-square is introducing tension. Cafe Astrology said: “Something can subtly challenge our belief system, kickstarting a need for an attitude change. “Or, we might have to face narrow-mindedness in others (or in ourselves). “Attempting to force our beliefs on others will only lead to frustration. “We might struggle between the desire to learn through experience and the need to follow the rules or our ambitions to succeed in the material world.” 