NBC’s long-running procedural drama Law and Order SVU made its huge comeback to screens this month after a mid-season break. Leading lady Mariska Hargitay, who played Captain Olivia Benson, lifted the lid on the milestone episode she refuses to watch.  Hargitay has played Olivia Benson since the pilot episode which first aired back in 1999 and has appeared in a countless number of episodes. From humble beginnings as a detective, Olivia has since become the Captain of the team after being promoted in 2019. Despite becoming the face of the series and being featured in nearly every episode, Hargitay revealed there was one episode she completely refused to watch. During an interview with People, the actress admitted she wouldn't watch the record-breaking 500th episode. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap She explained: “They sent me the link so many times and I was actually too nervous to watch it," Hargitay shared while visiting ‘Live with Kelly & Ryan.’ “Obviously I've been doing this show for so long and Olivia Benson is in me but I think that the idea of the 500th episode was so much pressure or something on me and I was so nervous coming to work this day.” The 500th episode, which aired in season 23, was a huge milestone for the show as well as the fans who made the episode go viral. Despite staying away from streaming the episode, Hargitay revealed she understood the significance of the instalment.  She added: “Some episodes aren't quite as difficult but for me, this was sort of like this moment to take in what we've made, what we've created.” Hargitay reflected: “It's a marathon and you're on the hamster wheel of lines, lines, lines, lines, lines, cuts, cuts, cuts, edits, new script…" To which, the host Kelly Ripa added: “I don't think people really understand how much work a show like that is.” The 500th episode which is titled ‘The Five Hundredth Episode,’ delved into Olivia’s background and saw the return of a familiar face.  DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]Law and Order SVU: Rollins and Carisi send viewers into a frenzy [REACTION]Law and Order SVU star sparks frenzy with Hargitay and Meloni reunion [INSIGHT] The milestone instalment saw the team take on a cold case which former detective Nick Amaro (Dany Pino) brought to light. He had begun working for a company which focused on analysing cold-case DNA with new technologies. Olivia was forced to reckon with her past after Nick brought his partner Burton Lowe (Aidan Quinn) to meet the team, only for her to discover he was her ex-boyfriend. Although she labelled him an old friend, in a series of flashbacks viewers got to see their relationship was a lot deeper.  In fact, Burton had asked Oliva to marry her when they were youngsters, she was 16 and he was 21. Although she had said yes, Olivia ended the relationship at her mother's urging and seeing him again after all those years forced her to relive those memories. As they worked the case and resolved it, she and Burton reconnected romantically. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit season 23 is available in the USA on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 