Manchester United may spring a selection surprise by starting Anthony Elanga in tonight’s Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid. The 19-year-old has started to become an important player under Ralf Rangnick, having previously been often overlooked by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And with Marcus Rashford out of form, and Jesse Lingard enduring a frustrating campaign, it’s feasible he’ll start on the right of the club’s attack. United’s hopes of winning the Premier League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup are already over. Yet they can still secure Champions League glory and, against Atletico tonight, they’ll be stepping out into the biggest match of their season. United’s starting XI should still have many of the usual suspects. David De Gea will start in goal, Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane should make up their centre-back pairing while Bruno Fernandes and Cristiano Ronaldo are others expected to start. But one surprise United may spring is picking Elanga on the right wing. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz When the Red Devils signed Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund, many thought they’d solved their issues in that area. Yet Sancho’s best football has come on the opposite wing and, with the England international now rejuvenated, he’s set to start there at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. Rashford would, usually, be a guarantee to start. However, the England international has endured a frustrating season with his form waning in recent weeks. He’s scored just five goals across all competitions this term and was left on the bench for the entirety of their 4-2 win over Leeds on Sunday. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Lingard dazzled for West Ham last term. But the England international has been unable to show that same form at Old Trafford, with his chances restricted under both Rangnick and Solskjaer. So, with that being the case, it may now be time for Elanga to show what all the fuss is about. The 19-year-old was overlooked by Solskjaer prior to his sacking, despite the likes of Sancho, Rashford, Lingard and Anthony Martial all struggling at the time. Yet Elanga has risen to prominence under Rangnick, responding well to the 63-year-old’s demands behind the scenes and on the pitch. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The teenager was on target as United beat Brentford 3-1 in January. There was some concern that his confidence would be zapped after he missed the decisive penalty in the shoot-out defeat to Middlesbrough a little while later. However, Rangnick has continued to pick him in the time since. Elanga started United’s 2-0 win over Brighton last week, playing 79 minutes before being taken off towards the end. And he made a fantastic impact against Leeds on Sunday, scoring his side’s fourth goal of the afternoon in a 4-2 victory at Elland Road. Rangnick builds his whole philosophy around players he trusts. So it’s certainly possible Elanga will be deployed on the wing as United look to put Atletico to the sword in Spain. If the German does make that call, it will be a big one. Yet Elanga has barely a foot wrong so far and his becoming a dependable asset in the side, even if his end product sometimes leaves much to be desired. He’s a raw talent and, as United look to salvage something from their season, Rangnick could roll the dice to ensure they get their last-16 tie off to a winning start.