Britons reach free bus pass age in England at the state pension age, but this age is due to increase to 67, meaning some Britons face another year waiting for their passes. However, there may be other forms of support available for certain people.   For instance, disabled Britons of any age can be eligible for the following four concessions to help take the financial strain off of the cost of living crisis. A disabled older person in England may be entitled to a certain array of concessions. This includes: READ MORE: Sunak’s stupid and cruel 55% pensions tax must be axed before it does even MORE damage  Additionally, Age UK recommended disabled Britons check with their coach operators if there are any additional discounts or concessions they qualify for. National Express is a good example of this as they offer the Disabled Coachcard which provides a third off their travel annually at a cost of £12.50. Different regions and local authorities may offer discounts, each with their own unique eligibility criteria that apply to local operating areas. This can include other unique forms of transport like ferries.    /finance/personalfinance/1569507/cold-weather-payment-full-postcode-checker-DWP The railcard provides the disabled card holder and their travelling companion or carer with cheaper tickets on most rail services in the UK. To be eligible for the railcard, at least one of the following must apply to the claimant:  Disabled person’s bus pass entitles all disabled holders to free travel on their local buses in England. Each local authority provides these passes and may have differing eligibility criteria which disabled Britons are urged to check and find out if they are eligible. Community transport schemes provide unique transport for those that cannot use ordinary public transport and don’t have access to a car. This includes social cars, dial-a-ride or taxicard schemes.  Shopmobility schemes lend wheelchairs and scooters to help people shop in town centres. Age UK recommended that people contact their local council or Age UK to find out if these services are offered in their area. The London Freedom Pass is only available for travel in London using TFL services as well as free bus journeys nationally. London residents with a disability are eligible for the Disabled Person’s Freedom Pass.