The Blacklist returns to NBC after a month-long hiatus and fans are keen to see James Spader return as Raymond 'Red' Reddington. The American crime drama will see a schedule shake-up before its return as the TV network has made some changes. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new air date and time for the new episodes. Fans of The Blacklist were thrilled to hear the long-running series had been renewed for a 10th season. They are still trying to get to the bottom of Red's true identity, so the mystery is likely to continue into the next instalment. Before the series took a break, it had been airing on Thursdays in a 9pm timeslot. However, it will now drop on an entirely different date, with a new time. The series will be heading back to its original slot of 8pm ET on Fridays. READ MORE: The Blacklist’s James Spader confirms season 10 return The change has been made as the highly anticipated Law and Order revival takes the Thursday night time slot. The police procedural drama had been cancelled back in 2010, but in 2021 it was announced a 21st season would air. Fans will know the schedule change is not the only shakeup the show has witnessed in recent times. Season nine began with a two-year time jump following the exit of Megan Boone as Elizabeth Keen. The series has been off-air due to the Winter Olympics taking precedent. Arcane Wireless is the title of the next episode and the synopsis reads: "The task force's investigation into Arcane Wireless, an untraceable cellular network for criminals, leads to unexpected consequences. "Red races against the clock to get a colleague out of trouble." Away from his latest task, Red is still keen to put the blame on someone for Liz's death. Still in denial, he remains of the opinion her demise could have been avoided in different circumstances. At this moment in time, there is no knowing when the season will come to an end. DON'T MISS... The Blacklist’s Amir Arison opens up on heartbreaking moment [INSIGHT] The Blacklist's James Spader set for TV tell-all interview [INTERVIEW] The Blacklist: Will Reddington's real identity be exposed in season 9? [DISCUSSION] Six out of eight previous seasons have featured 22 episodes and it is hoped the same can be said for the current season. Spader confirmed during an interview on The Tonight Show that season 10 has been given the green light. On the talkshow he said: "We just got picked up, just this afternoon, word came out. "Everyone was hustling around trying to do it so we could announce it on the show. "We have just got picked up for a 10th season." The announcement was met with a huge round of applause from the audience and host Jimmy Fallon. The official synopsis for the current season says: "In the two years following the death of Elizabeth Keen, Raymond Reddington and the members of the FBI Task Force have disbanded — their lives now changed in unexpected ways and with Reddington’s whereabouts unknown. "Finding themselves each at a crossroads, a common purpose compels them to renew their original mission: to take down dangerous, vicious and eccentric Blacklisters. "In the process, they begin to uncover lethal adversaries, unimaginable conspiracies and surprising betrayals that will threaten alliances and spur vengeance for the past, led by the most devious criminal of them all — Raymond Reddington.”  The Blacklist season 9 episode 10 airs on February 25 at 8pm ET and 7pm CT.