Real Madrid are currently discussing a surprise loan deal that would see Eden Hazard complete a stunning return to Chelsea, according to reports in Spain. The 31-year-old Belgian has failed to live up to expectations at the Santiago Bernabeu since completing his £83million move from Stamford Bridge in the summer of 2019, managing just four goals in La Liga to date.  Injuries have undoubtedly played a huge part in Hazard's demise and the winger has struggled to maintain his fitness throughout the course of his stay in Madrid. However, even when he is on the field, the forward's powers have seemingly waned. Hazard has failed to score in 17 appearances in La Liga this season - although mostly from the bench. That is a stark contrast to the scintillating form he showed in his final years at Chelsea when he netted 44 goals in his final three Premier League seasons READ MORE: Aubameyang shows Arsenal what they're missing with freak Barcelona hat-trick on first start According to Spanish journalist Ramon Alvarez, Real Madrid are now negotiating the potential loan exit of the player to Chelsea. Although Los Blancos are unable to shift Hazard until the summer, they are seemingly keen to get a deal in place in advance. The move under discussion is said to be a straight loan - with no permanent transfer option - that will see Hazard return to Real Madrid in 2023. Hazard is currently the club's second highest-earner behind Gareth Bale and nets around £380,000 per week. His deal is also set to run until the summer of 2024, a major hindrance for Real Madrid, who are reportedly keen to use some of Hazard's wages towards a big push for Erling Haaland this summer. Incredibly, Hazard has only missed two La Liga matches through injury this season and Spanish reports recently claimed he was frustrated with Carlo Ancelotti over his game time. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesBarcelona star Ferran Torres consoled after breaking down in tears after Napoli draw  It's clear that the Italian doesn't count on Hazard, who has struggled to register both goals and assists when in the side. A return to Chelsea has long been mooted but speculation appears to be more fantasy than a realistic possibility. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel made it clear he was a huge admirer of Hazard ahead of last season's Champions League semi-final meeting with Real Madrid. "He is a top-quality player and a key player for many years at this club and this league, the hardest in the world," Tuchel said last season. "So consistent. I have the biggest respect for him. He is a big player, we have many people here who know him well. He was a key player for this club now he plays for Real Madrid." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here A month later in May 2021, Hazard spoke openly about his future, reaffirming his commitment to Real Madrid. "I still have a three-year contract with Real Madrid, so going back to England is out of the question," he said. Everyone knows that my first two years were not good, so first I want to prove myself at Real Madrid. I will do everything to do that. "I certainly don’t see myself leaving Madrid, given the contract situation. "I know myself and I know when I’m in shape. If that’s the case, I can give it my all for Real next season. That’s my plan."