Two members of Sweden's royal family have publicly addressed speculation of "betrayal" in their marriage, breaking a long-standing tradition of not commenting on rumours. Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel of Sweden have rebuffed the gossip about their relationship as "completely unfounded" in a message posted on social media. A new photo of Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel was shared on the Swedish royal family's Instagram page on February 19, alongside a lengthy caption written in Swedish. A translation of the statement read: "It has come to our attention that there are widespread negative rumours about our private relationship. "Allegations are being spread about betrayal in the relationship and an impending divorce. "Normally, we do not comment on rumours and speculation.  READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage "But in order to protect our family, we wish to make it clear, once and for all, that the rumours that are now spreading are completely unfounded." The couple signed off the message informally, forgoing their titles as simply "Victoria and Daniel". Victoria and Daniel's message about their private life is largely unprecedented, so the move has prompted a significant amount of attention in Sweden and abroad. Crown Princess Victoria, 44, is the heir apparent to Sweden's throne as the eldest child of King Carl XVI Gustaf and his wife Queen Silvia.  Victoria married Daniel Westling more than a decade ago, back in 2010, after several years of dating. The couple welcomed their first child Princess Estelle in 2012, and their second child Prince Oscar in 2016. Princess Estelle will be Queen of Sweden after her mother, due to the country's system of absolute primogeniture. The high-profile royal wedding was attended by members of royal families across the world, including Britain's Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry are happy since royal exit - 'Weight lifted' [INTERVIEW]Kate and William 'honour at stake' as Cambridges battle it out [ANALYSIS]Harry's upcoming memoir leaves royal relationships on knife-edge [INSIGHT]