Vladimir Putin ordered Russia’s military to place its nuclear deterrent forces on “special alert” yesterday. The Russian President claimed it was because of “aggressive statements” from the West, as the world continues to condemn his invasion of Ukraine. Ben Wallace, the Defence Secretary, dismissed Putin’s order as part of Moscow’s “battle of rhetoric” this morning. As Russia’s invasion continued to falter, Mr Wallace said it was a “big attempt to distract away from [Putin’s] troubles in Ukraine”. Though a nuclear war seems inconceivable, governments have had contingency plans in place just in case the unthinkable ever does happen. Downing Street developed a warning system during the dark days of the Cold War that gave the British public a ‘four-minute warning’ that the country had been attacked. Radio and TV bulletins would have been used to spread the news that a nuclear missile was headed for British shores. A sample BBC transcript, unearthed by Express.co.uk, would blare out the chilling line: “This is the Wartime Broadcasting Service. This country has been attacked with nuclear weapons. “Communications have been severely disrupted, and the number of casualties and the extent of the damage are not yet known. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale “We shall bring you further information as soon as possible. Meanwhile, stay tuned to this wavelength, stay calm and stay in your own homes.” The message would then continue: “Remember there is nothing to be gained by trying to get away. By leaving your homes, you could be exposing yourselves to greater danger. “If you leave, you may find yourself without food, without water, without accommodation and without protection. “Radioactive fallout, which follows a nuclear explosion, is many times more dangerous if you are directly exposed to it in the open. “Roofs and walls offer substantial protection. The safest place is indoors.” The broadcast warned the public to turn off gas and other fuel supplies, and to ensure all fires are extinguished. It continued: “If mains water is available, this can be used for fire-fighting. “You should also refill all your containers for drinking water after the fires have been put out, because the mains water supply may not be available for very long.” The message said: “Water must not be used for flushing lavatories: until you are told that lavatories may be used again, other toilet arrangements must be made. “Use your water only for essential drinking and cooking purposes. Water means life. Don't waste it. DON'T MISS:Putin facing shell shock as US moves to 'choke' Russia [INSIGHT]Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [REPORT]Ukraine-Russia: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead [UPDATE] “Make your food stocks last: ration your supply, because it may have to last for 14 days or more. “If you have fresh food in the house, use this first to avoid wasting it: food in tins will keep. “If you live in an area where a fallout warning has been given, stay in your fall-out room until you are told it is safe to come out. “When the immediate danger has passed the sirens will sound a steady note. The ‘all clear’ message will also be given on this wavelength. “If you leave the fall-out room to go to the lavatory or replenish food or water supplies, do not remain outside the room for a minute longer than is necessary. “Do not, in any circumstances, go outside the house. Radioactive fallout can kill. “You cannot see it or feel it, but it is there. If you go outside, you will bring danger to your family and you may die. “Stay in your fallout room until you are told it is safe to come out or you hear the ‘all clear’ on the sirens.” The Cold War and nuclear attack fears spread through pop culture up until the mid-Nineties. British punk band Chaos UK released the song ‘Four Minute Warning’ in 1982, while poet Peter Porter wrote ‘Your Attention Please’. Fortunately, the broadcast was never aired, and it was scrapped in 1992, the year after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. The National Attack Warning System (NAWS) was developed in 2003 in conjunction with the BBC and BT. According to The Sun, the NAWS can warn of an attack within 60 seconds, and is complemented by a text message warning system. The Government is believed to be launching a new ‘Emergency Alerts’ service this year, which will warn the public if there is a danger to life nearby. Professor John Preston, a preparedness expert at the University of Essex, told The Sun in 2018 that the BBC will likely have a new warning system in place that could be beamed out in the event of a nuclear attack. He said: “The BBC has a policy called ‘Connecting in a Crisis’. It will have protocols in place but we, as the public, don’t know what they are.” He added, however, that warning through major national broadcasters could pose problems as people “may think it’s a hoax, a spoof or part of normal programming”. He urged the Government and broadcasters to find a way of letting people know of these plans in advance, without sparking nationwide fear, to ensure the public “can respond” to these warnings effectively.