A Ukrainian living in Britain has called up the radio to report that Russian soldiers are "dropping their weapons" rather than carrying out their orders to invade Ukraine. The caller named Yuri contacted Iain Dale on LBC to discuss the huge assault on Ukraine by the Kremlin's troops. Yuri told LBC: "I just had a word with my mum she says that a few Russian soldiers they dropped their weapons and they don't want to fight. "Yeah I don't know what the number and I haven't seen it myself, but I just immediately called on the radio after that. "I think that that will be more clear by tomorrow." "We'll see overnight," he added. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG   Mr Dale added: "That would be quite a thing for a Russian soldier to do, wouldn't it? "Well if they were found to have done that they would be court-martialed." It comes as Ukrainian forces battle Russian invaders on three sides on Thursday after Moscow mounted an assault by land, sea and air. The invasion marked the biggest attack on a European state since World War 2, prompting tens of thousands of people to flee their homes. Russian President Vladimir Putin declared war in a pre-dawn televised address in the early hours of Thursday morning. As Putin spoke explosions and gunfire could already be heard throughout Kiev, the Ukrainian capital. By nightfall on Thursday fierce fighting was reported across multiple fronts as mechanised Russian columns attempt to steamroll Ukrainian defenders. "This is a premeditated attack," US President Joe Biden told a press conference at the White House. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES]  "Putin is the aggressor," he told reporters. "Putin chose this war and now he and his country will bear the consequences." Biden has ruled out sending US troops to defend Ukraine, but Washington has reinforced its NATO allies in the region with extra troops and planes. After consulting with other G7, Biden announced measures to impede Russia's ability to do business in the world's major currencies, along with sanctions against banks and state-owned enterprises.