Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is keen to tie William Saliba down to a new contract at the Emirates Stadium amid his impressive loan stint at Marseille. Saliba is the subject of interest from other clubs in Europe, including Real Madrid, as he nears three years without featuring for the Gunners. Arsenal signed the 20-year-old centre-back from Saint-Etienne in a £27million deal under Unai Emery in 2019. However, after Emery's sacking, he returned to the French club on a six-month loan deal in January 2020. Arteta then shipped him out to Nice for the 2020/21 season before Saliba joined Marseille for the 2021/22 campaign. The Spaniard's apparent lack of faith in Saliba has led to his only appearances for the club coming in pre-season friendlies, but he could be set to enter first-team plans in north London. JUST IN: Arsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in cup final According to French outlet ButFootball, Arsenal plan to open talks with Saliba over a contract extension. Saliba has started in 25 of Marseille's 26 Ligue 1 games this season, with the French giants currently second behind runaway leaders Paris Saint-Germain. And Arteta has seen enough to be convinced of giving the young defender a chance at the Emirates once he returns. But if Saliba, whose contract expires in 2024, doesn't want to extend his stay, Arsenal would be open to selling him this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd given handy chance to get their own Harry Kane for cheaper fee AC Milan, Inter Milan and Sevilla join Real as heavyweight suitors, should he look for a way out of Arteta's regime. In January, Saliba admitted he was surprised by his treatment at Arsenal so far after expecting to play immediately upon joining from France in 2019. But the France U21 international is yet to make a competitive appearance for the club, and he revealed there would be talks about his future this summer. He told RMC: "Before going to Arsenal, I said to myself I was going to play; I was sure. I was wondering who I would play alongside, [but] I arrive, I play zero matches. I played for the U23s. "That gave me a good slap. Things go so fast in football. I don't want to think about the future. I am going to give my all. Then there will be discussions in summer." Saliba could have doubts about his potential game time at Arsenal if he stays, given Arteta splashed £50m on Ben White last summer. And he seems set on the Englishman and Gabriel Magalhaes as his first-choice centre-back pairing. But it seems like the chance to extend his stay with Arsenal will arise for Saliba, should he want a chance to stake a starting claim next term. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.