The Moon takes around a month to orbit the Earth, forming a New Moon when aligned with the Sun and when the Sun and Earth are opposite sides of the Moon. The Pisces New Moon is coming up and it’s going to be a big one. Express.co.uk chatted to Moon Mentor and author of Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycles, Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram) to find out the horoscope for Wednesday’s New Moon. The next New Moon is on Wednesday, March 2 at 5.35pm. This time it’s in Pisces, the emotional and creative water sign and final sign of the zodiac. You can’t see a New Moon in the sky, but you’ll certainly feel the effects. According to Moon Mentor Kirsty, this Moon is here to “give us a flavour of what’s coming next and expand us towards our dream”. READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Virgo told 'the best is yet to come' We have big Pisces energy this year, with the sign shaping much of 2022. Kirsty said: “This New Moon is part of a Pisces stellium (a cluster of three, or if the Sun and Moon are involved, four, planets in the same sign or house). “It’s going to give us a glimpse of what’s to come and an opportunity to work with these energies to co-create our future. “The two rulers of Pisces, Jupiter (traditional) and Neptune (modern), are both currently in Pisces and will be meeting exactly in their home sign in one of the most talked about astrological events of 2022 on April 12.”  This is going to be a moon of deep transformation, but it won’t be easy. Kirsty said: “As the Moon pushes us to evolve, it may feel challenging and there may be a sense of deep desperation, grief and void. “The Pisces New Moon is always a beautiful contradiction as New Moons open up the space for new beginnings, but Pisces (as the last sign of the zodiac) calls us into completion and endings. “That is where much of the magic of this Moon lies - she’s asking you to truly create space so that you can call in a new frequency, new opportunities and something that is a better match for who you are now and where you want to go.” DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: 'Intense' Pisces likes to play 'anthropologist' [INFORMER]Horoscopes & love: Aquarius may ‘cringe’ at traditional dating [INSIGHT]Zodiac sign: Pisces warned to 'pay attention to the clues' [EXPLAINER] This New Moon is pushing you out of the comfort zone that you may have been waiting for, according to Kirsty. The mystic said: “She’s going to show you in no uncertain terms what needs to end so that you can begin something new – and the new beginnings that this moon is taking us into are beyond your wildest dreams! “Speaking of dreams, pay close attention to your dreams over the dark and new moon. “Your dreams are going to hold real messages, especially around what you are ready to let go of and what you are ready to move into. “Our dreams will feel vivid, prophetic and hold answers, so keep a dream journal and notice what is trying to come through and get your attention.” This New Moon is totally limitless, so dream big and have faith in yourself. Kirsty stressed: “Anything is possible for you under this New Moon - anything. You just have to believe it is. “It’s now that you need to set in motion what you want to begin to see come into your life at this destined meeting of Jupiter and Neptune. “This Moon, their Moon, is opening the manifestation portal.”