Aldi’s Specialbuys go on sale every Thursday and Sunday with some items immediately selling out due to their popularity. However, some products were delayed in February and are finally arriving in stores this week. Aldi has announced which Specialbuys will be landing in stores and online this week. Most of the products were supposed to be available in early February, while some were expected in stores in January. However, these were delayed due to global shipping. They are now expected in stores and online this week. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Aldi apologised for the delays, stating on its website: “Due to the current disruptions to global shipping, a number of Specialbuys may be delayed. “We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. “We’re doing all we can to provide clarity on expected availability dates, but these are subject to change. “Dates will vary by store and by region.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] The discount supermarket added that customers should sign up to its newsletter “for the latest availability updates”. This is not the first time some Specialbuys have been delayed. Back in April 2021, the retailer announced that its delays were due to the blockage of the Suez Canal. A container ship named Ever Given was stuck in the canal for almost a week, causing havoc to global trade. However, the delays since could be because of a number of reasons, such as the ongoing Covid pandemic. Aldi has listed which items will be available in stores this week and later in the month, but some products’ dates are yet to be confirmed. The supermarket does not know when the CBEEBIES long-sleeve t-shirt will be arriving in stores and online. However, the item was advertised to arrive in stores at the beginning of the year, on January 13. Full list of estimated in store availability on Specialbuys: Oral B Toothbrush TBC – March 2022 Pet Boot Runners – March 3 Soft Pet Blankets – March 3 Pet Collection Cat Snoozer – March 3 Cardboard Cat Scratchers – March 3 Crane Table Tennis Set – February 27 Toddler Wellies – February 27 CBEEBIES Long-sleeve – TBC Shaggy Sparkle Cushion – March 10 Sherpa Rug – March 10