 Lucy Phelps plays DC Jess Lombard in Acorn TV’s new crime series The Chelsea Detective. The drama follows the investigations of DI Max Arnold (played by Adrian Scarborough) as he delves into the dark crimes of Chelsea. Chatting about what makes the detective series stand out from other crime dramas, Lucy detailed what makes the show “unique”.   Chatting exclusively to Express.co.uk, Lucy enthused about the gripping detective show. The actress explained that each episode of the series follows a new crime story, instead of having an ongoing investigation throughout the season. She said: “The crimes are great because they're sort of within this 90 minute feature. "It's not like those 10 part series where the killer comes in at episode number eight and you think ‘Well, I could never have guessed that because you didn't come in yet’. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute  “You know, you’re there being able to work out with them,” the actress explained. She insisted the crime stories that are “self contained” in each episode make the show unique. Lucy remarked: “It’s is maybe more unusual nowadays with these sort of long form mini series which take one narrative. “So yeah, there's sort of a drive through this fast paced 90 minute exploration of this particular crime,” she added.   Highlighting what she thinks makes the series stand out from the crowd, Lucy said: “I think I was really taken as well, with the humour of it. “There's a really lovely, truthful humour to the series, which I think is what makes it quite unique at the moment. “I guess the sort of popular thing at the moment are these fast paced, very gritty Scandi noirs where nobody smiles. “We have got a lot of smiling and a lot of warmth between the characters,” she laughed. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Steve McDonald devastated as Emma leaves? [THEORY]A Place in The Sun host stunned by buyer’s emotional reaction [WATCH]Frayed's Sarah Kendall details how Princess Diana inspired her outfits [EXCLUSIVE]  However, Lucy made it clear she does admire a lot of the crime dramas that are dominating British television. The actress commented: “That's not to do a disservice to those brilliant programmes at all. "It's just we're offering something slightly different, I guess,” Lucy explained. Sharing more of her passion for The Chelsea Detective, the star praised its lead actor Adrian Scarborough.   She said: “It’s hard not to fall in love with Adrian Scarborough on telly because he's just such a lovable man on screen, a brilliant actor on screen and the character of Max he portrays beautifully.” Lucy explained how much she had enjoyed working with the Killing Eve star on the detective series. “He’s a fantastic team leader. I mean, he really looked after all of us and made us all laugh, you know, the most positive energy on set, a wonderful guide,” she said. The Chelsea Detective airs Mondays on Acorn TV. 