Devolution has meant that, over the last two years, Nicola Sturgeon, Mark Drakeford and their Northern Irish counterparts have made their own public health decisions. Most of the time, their policies have contrasted sharply with England's, often putting on the breaks while the Prime Minister sought to usher in early "freedom". The case has not changed for 2022, as Scotland and Wales have alternative plans to Mr Johnson's. Self-isolation first became a policy in 2020 to ensure that Covid positive people wouldn't mingle in public and spread the virus. The Government is now arguing that people should use "personal responsibility" with the more mild Omicron variant, given they are now armed with three jabs. Mr Johnson has opted to drop England's self-isolation rules for infected people from February 24. READ MORE: Queen subjected to 'aggravating factors' with Covid diagnosis From then, the requirement to stay at home following a positive test will cease. The changes will also apply to close contacts, and give the Government the chance to pull the remaining financial support for isolators. Later down the line, from April 1, ministers will also end free testing for English residents. Guidance will ask people with Covid to exercise caution, a move that has already received widespread criticism from health experts. Over the border to the west, Welsh First Minister Mark Drakeford will keep self-isolation in effect for at least another month. Wales will keep requiring people to self-isolate until at least the end of March, with the law expiring on March 28. Ministers have not decided whether they will extend or conclude the policy by then, which would also mean an end to mask-wearing requirements. They will review the situation by the end of next week. The situation is currently unclear for Wales' testing situation, as it shared responsibilities with England. With funding cut for Covid tests, the future of the country's many testing facilities - which analyse tens of thousands of samples a day - is uncertain. Welsh Chief Medical Officer Dr Sir Frank Atherton previously warned in January that the country couldn't "go on with this volume of testing forever". Self-isolation rules in Scotland are currently among the strictest in the UK. People must isolate themselves after they - or a close contact - test positive. If they make it six days without a fever, and another test shows a negative result, they can leave isolation. Ms Sturgeon has not announced a prospective end date to this policy yet. She has publicly disagreed with the Prime Minister over his announcement this week. The First Minister told STV that he was "effectively saying to people" that "it’s okay" for people with Covid to "go and potentially infect others in workplaces and settings elsewhere". Instead, she said she favoured a "transition towards something that is more targeted" but with a "proper, phased approach". Northern Ireland's ruling DUP government has used similar Covid self-isolation measures to England. At present, those who have symptoms must self isolate for 10 days, while people who test positive can leave isolation with a negative PCR result. Close contacts must also isolate if they have not received their complete vaccine regimen. Health minister Robin Swann confirmed the local government has no plans to end this guidance. There are also no plans to alter the testing or contact tracing arrangements. Unlike the England, Scotland and Wales, however, Northern Irish isolation rules are not binding. The Department of Health has issued "very strong guidance", so those who don't follow the rules won't court legal consequences.