Newcastle are apparently desperate to sign Chelsea star Kepa Arrizabalaga this summer – but the Magpies could face a battle to prise him away from Stamford Bridge as he is loved by transfer chief Marina Granovskaia. Newcastle have moved out of the relegation zone in recent weeks after a dismal first half of the season. Chelsea shelled out a staggering £72million to sign Kepa from Athletic Bilbao in 2018. The figure is still a record fee for a goalkeeper and he was expected to have a big future at the top of the game. But the 27-year-old made a string of high-profile mistakes during his early days at the club and confidence in him soon began to wear thin. Former Chelsea boss Frank Lampard ultimately decided that Kepa wasn’t good enough to be first-choice at Stamford Bridge. And he signed Edouard Mendy from Rennes two years later. Mendy has gone on to become the Blues’ undisputed No 1, with Kepa now being used as an expensive back-up. JUST IN: Newcastle chief Amanda Staveley admits Man Utd ace wanted January move   According to the Daily Star, the west Londoners are prepared to listen to offers in the region of £50m for Kepa. And mega-rich Newcastle could be willing to stump up the cash if they can retain their place in the Premier League. The Magpies are looking to build a formidable team at St James’ Park to compete at the top end of the table in the upcoming years. And manager Eddie Howe could turn to Kepa even though he rates current shot-stopper Martin Dubravka highly.     But Newcastle could face a bidding war to get their hands on the Spain international as Atletico Madrid are also said to be keen to take him back to his homeland. Kepa has made 122 appearances during his time in the capital and has managed to keep an impressive 46 clean sheets, despite his struggles. And he may jump at the opportunity to reignite his career at an ambitious club, even though he has three-and-a-half years remaining on his Chelsea contract. The player’s confidence was clearly knocked under Lampard and, according to the Daily Mail, he felt the former England international didn’t give him enough support during his darkest days.  The publication even suggests that Lampard’s treatment of Kepa played a role in his sacking, with club chiefs reportedly telling the 43-year-old at the time that he should put his arm around the player and rebuild his confidence. Lampard was eventually vindicated for his decision to bring in Mendy as the Senegal international has been a revelation for the Blues. And that means Kepa could be willing to move on to ensure he doesn’t waste some of the best years of his career warming the Chelsea bench. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  