A video from Miracle-Gro, a garden products brand, has shared how to plant seeds in a hollowed-out lemon rind. Old lemons can be repurposed as biodegradable containers for seedlings. According to Miracle-Gro, hollowed out lemon rinds make an a great container for starting plants from seed. To start planting into the lemon rind, gardeners first need to cut off the top third of a thin-skinned lemon. The juice and all the pulp need to be removed, but these can be set aside for a recipe. When removing the juice and pulp, gardeners should carefully scrape down the white pith. Next, poke a drainage hole into the bottom of the lemon. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home Fill the empty lemon rind with a good quality compost or seed-starting mix. Plant as many seeds as the seed packet instructions allow. Once the seeds are planted and covered, add a good amount of water. Ensure the water does not gush out as this could dislodge the position of the seeds.  DON'T MISSWho owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [UPDATE]Rightmove: Asking prices jump by £7k as ‘demand’ continues to ‘rise’ [ANALYSIS] Once the seeds are planted in the lemon rind, gardeners need to keep it on a windowsill until they sprout. If there isn’t enough light, gardeners can use a grow light. When the seed has sprouted, transplant the entire thing into a garden or container. “The plant will grow. The lemon rind will eventually break down into the soil”, the video said. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Citrus peel can also be used in the garden to help plants thrive. It contains sulphur, magnesium, calcium, and more nutrients to help plants grow. To do this, dry the citrus peels out completely. Once completely dry, they can be ground down and then blended into a fine power.  The powder can then be put directly into soil to help plants. Acid-loving plants, in particular, will love lemon peel. Sprinkle the powder around plants like nasturtium, blueberries and radishes. Lemon peels can also be used to deter common pests like ants, mosquitoes and cockroaches.