This Morning viewers reacted to Phillip Schofield's tribute on the programme as the presenter marked 40 years on television yesterday. It comes after Ruth Langsford, 62 and Eamonn Holmes, 62, failed to make an appearance at the TV celebrations after the latter branded Phillip as "passive-aggressive" in an interview over the weekend. The 59-year-old's career was marked with a special show presented by Lorraine Kelly on Monday, with a host of familiar faces showering him with messages of praise. Phillip's other co-stars marked the occasion, including Holly Willoughby, Richard Madeley, Judy Finnigan, Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly. Fern Britton also made a surprise appearance to praise Phillip's TV milestone. However, Eamonn and Ruth, who had worked on This Morning for over a decade, did not make an appearance, prompting viewers to comment on social media. READ MORE: Kate Garraway flies husband Derek to Mexico for specialist treatment Many viewers claimed that Ruth and Eamonn had "snubbed" Phillip's anniversary special after the pair failed to appear on the programme. Twitter user, Ray commented: "No Eammon Holmes paying tribute?" Susie remarked: "#Lorraine still no Eamonn and/or Ruth..." Pedro quipped: "They obviously ran out of time for the glowing tribute from Eamonn and Ruth." Jonnie added: "No well wishes from Eamonn and Ruth?"  Viewers' comments come just days after Eamonn addressed Ruth's alleged feud with Phillip after he cut her off in the middle of a segment for Loose Women in 2019. The GB News presenter accused Phillip of being "passive-aggressive" and claimed he has a habit of "snubbing people". The Belfast-born presenter and his wife Ruth were replaced with Alison Hammond and Dermott O'Leary after 14 years hosting This Morning on Fridays, and during the holidays. Speaking about their time on This Morning, Eamonn told The Daily Mail's Weekend magazine: "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people. DON'T MISS... Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle[LATEST]Oti Mabuse faces backlash over Dancing On Ice dress ‘Put them away’[PICTURES]A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman's horror injury[INSTAGRAM] "He's very passive-aggressive. It's up to Ruth to say how she felt, but I was feeling hurt for her. No one would have snubbed me like that. "I have a good Belfast street fighter in me… I would be direct. I don't go for presenters who think they have a special privilege or aura or influence." Eamonn referenced an issue with Ruth that was widely reported in 2019 when Phillip had cut her off while on-air. Addressing being replaced on the ITV daytime show, Eamonn suggested that bosses wanted to make it look like he had walked away from the role. He added that "no one explained anything" to him. The broadcaster told the same publication: "They're sly. "They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV