Sir Billy Connolly has shared some wisdom about everything from buying a house, to falling in love in his new show, Billy Connolly Does… In an interview with The Mirror, Connolly also shared his advice when it comes to family and life in general. Connolly was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease in 2013 and, five years later, he decided to stop touring. He now spends his time with his second wife Pamela Stephenson and enjoys fishing, watching TV and drawing. The 79-year-old admits he felt he had to leave New York as his Parkinson’s disease led to him suffering from issues with his balance, which created a problem when combined with the city's freezing cold winters. In the show, he discusses his move from New York to Florida: “I lived in New York, and I loved it, in Manhattan, but in winter it becomes an ice rink, and I like to walk everywhere. READ MORE: Jamal Edwards dead: SBTV founder and Brenda Edwards son dies aged 31  “I just couldn’t balance it anymore. I had to get out of there.” The show also includes footage from previous comedy shows and Connolly admits: “I’m kind of blissfully unaware of how the world works.” “It’s a sin, really. I’ve been looked after by managers and people all my life. “And now it’s Pamela and the children.”  He also talks about he met his wife, saying: “I was trousered when I met Pamela. “She came to see me in Brighton and came backstage. "We were back in the hotel and I had about 20 brandies. A ridiculous amount. "We had gin tours, cider tours. That was the beginning." DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance leaving fans baffled in bizarre toilet snap [PICS] BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life: 'Years of experience!' [INSIGHT]  David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT]     He also talks about he met his wife, saying: “I was trousered when I met Pamela. “She came to see me in Brighton and came backstage. "We were back in the hotel and I had about 20 brandies. A ridiculous amount. "We had gin tours, cider tours. That was the beginning." Connolly spoke to Lorraine Kelly last year (October 15) about his move. He said: “Yes, I was living in New York but with Parkinson’s I was out of balance a lot of the time." Explaining the situation, he added: “In the winter, I was sliding and falling on my backside all the time.” Connolly was diagnosed with sleep behaviour disorder after experiencing vivid dreams.  He even had a particularly intense nightmare where he murdered Sir Paul McCartney. The disorder also caused him to swear and thrash around in his sleep. "I yell and swear and thrash about," he said, "and have done so for years." "I rarely remember the fights, although I did once wake up in horror after dreaming I’d murdered Paul McCartney and buried him at the traffic lights in Glasgow Cross." Billy Connolly Does... will be available to watch on Comedy Gold