Drivers are facing considerable charges from several different sources if they want to use a car to get to work, from low-emissions rules to congestion charges to workplace parking charges. The levy to park a car at work being considered by councils could see drivers charged as much as £1,000 a year. Green workplace parking levies would see dozens more councils charging companies to allow their employees to leave their cars at work in the day. Those costs would then be largely handed down directly to drivers by their employers. Currently, Nottingham is the only city to have implemented the levy and has done so since 2012. However now a raft of others is set to follow suit, including Birmingham, Brighton, Warrington, Bath, Luton, Norwich, and Colchester. READ MORE: New car tax changes set to be announced in weeks In Scotland, SNP and Scottish Greens MPs this week voted to bring in the charges which are due to come into place on March 4th. Concerns over the scheme have also been raised by bosses, with Scottish Retail Consortium director David Lonsdale saying it was a “recipe for extra cost and complexity”. Scottish Conservatives tweeted that the levy was a “hammer blow to drivers and businesses across Scotland". Conservative transport spokesman Graham Simpson described the scheme as a “punitive measure” with limited environmental benefits. DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]Drivers ‘worried about’ new car tax proposals [INSIGHT]New car tax fees could charge drivers based on vehicle weight [ANALYSIS] He added: “Scottish businesses and their hardworking staff are dreading the introduction of this unfair scheme and many are wondering how they are going to cope with the potentially exorbitant charges. “As long as the SNP continue to fail to provide Scotland with a public transport system that is affordable and fit-for-purpose, punitive measures like this will have no environmental benefit. “Instead, this senseless tax will hit businesses and workers hard, slap bang in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis and our recovery from the pandemic. “...this is nothing more than a money-making scheme to help shore up holes in the SNP Government’s inadequate local council funding.” A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: “Workplace parking licensing schemes have the potential to encourage the use of more sustainable travel, while raising revenue that will be used to improve public and sustainable transport. “It supports our commitment to reduce car kilometres travelled by 20 percent by 2030 as part of our climate change goals. “These new discretionary local powers, which are already held by councils in England and Wales, were welcomed by our local authority partners in COSLA and by local leaders of all parties, as well as Transform Scotland, Friends of the Earth and other transport partners.” Individual councils have the ability to decide whether to bring in the charges or not, and Edinburgh’s Labour council withdrew their support for the scheme this week. In England tradespeople are also facing ever-escalating costs of using a car to get to and from work in cities. Clean air zones, zero emissions zones, congestion charges and additional VED tax on higher emissions cars are piling on the cost of motoring during the cost of living crisis. Inflation is currently running at a 30 year high, with petrol and diesel prices breaking all records. And car insurance premiums went up on average by £76 in February compared to last year.