Kate left royal fans in awe with the kindness she reportedly demonstrated to the security officers who followed her during her two-day stay in Copenhagen earlier this week. Twitter user @Adelsexpertin shared two pictures on social media which appear to show the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, posing with members of a security team and speaking to them at an airport. The Duchess is wearing a grey and black Catherine Walker dress coat, the same she donned to meet Queen Margrethe II and Crown Princess Mary on Wednesday. Upon sharing the snaps, the Twitter user wrote: "Before The Duchess of Cambridge departed from Denmark yesterday she thanked her Danish police security and took a photo with them. "She showed appreciation for her protection, not taking it for granted that somebody is risking their life for her. "This is how you do it!" This tweet quickly became popular, with many royal fans reacting to the kindness reportedly shown by the Duchess. One Twitter user, @Canellelabelle, wrote: "Royalty and manners through and through!" Another, @J_Brec, said: "Catherine was very well brought up and is a credit to her family, both birth and royal." A third, @willowbarcelona, tweeted: "This is how it’s done. READ MORE: Royal Family: Sophie swipes 'Children's Princess' crown  "@KensingtonRoyal proving it takes only seconds to take the time to show gratitude". And another, @Ann90335924, added: "#DuchessofCambridge is a true royal, showing genuine respect to others & appreciating their sense of duty!!!" Kate travelled to Copenhagen on Tuesday for a whirlwind visit packed with engagements focused on learning more about the Danish world-leading approach to the early years. Among the key stops during this visit, Kate headed to the University of Copenhagen to hear more about the Lego Foundation PlayLab.  There, students being trained to become early childhood professionals are encouraged to play - and Kate joined in the spirits of the initiative. Despite wearing heels, she happily went down a tall whirly slide while laughing happily. She also opened up on her children's love for Lego bricks as she confessed Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were jealous of her trip. She said: "My children are very jealous they weren't coming to see the Lego Foundation. "They were like, 'hang on, there's Lego and we're not coming?'" Kate, who has been focusing her attention and work on the early years and how to give children the best possible start in life for a decade now, also heard from researchers from the Copenhagen Infant Mental Health Project. During these engagements, the Duchess also had the chance to meet several parents, guardians and babies. While meeting two baby boys, Kate admitted working with young children makes her "very broody". She continued: "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'Let's have another one.'" On Wednesday, the Duchess visited Stenurten Forest School, a school holding many lessons outdoors and boosting children's social and emotional development alongside academic skills like numeracy and literacy. And, in a joint visit with Princess Mary, she visited a shelter for women and children who have experienced domestic violence.