It’s a bit like dieting, it all goes swimmingly for a few days, weeks, or even months, then you stop, and boom - back comes all the weight, and usually more. All that pain for nothing. Our bodies don’t like sudden changes, gradual changes, yes, moderation, definitely. It should be about lifestyle changes. Listen, if you want to become a vegan, go for it, not my cup of tea, but everyone is entitled to do their “thing”. It isn’t easy to do it properly, to get a balanced diet, you’ll need to do plenty of research. You’ll need to work out what to eat to benefit from all those minerals and vitamins your body craves. Some of my family tried to be vegetarian for January, they did well, with the occasional lapse. But to get exciting tasty dishes, you have to make quite a bit more effort than you would if you were a pescatarian, or carnivore. True, you can easily throw together a bowl of pasta with a bottled sauce, some paneer or tofu, and a few veggies, but eventually that produces a big yawn. Make an effort, and, yes, you can get wonderful results even a hardened meat eater would enjoy. That is a discipline worthy of the cause, but is it what you want to do after a hard day’s work? Not often, that’s for sure! So you resort to buying a vegan or veggie ready meal, often containing far too much sugar, salt, and laboratory produced ingredients. A subject that should be in all our thoughts is saving the planet. It appears to be common knowledge that one of the ways to help is to turn to a more plant based diet, and that’s correct. Cattle and other animals that don’t have a grass-fed diet definitely aren’t good for global warming. But if you move in that direction, you really should be eating local, seasonal food. READ MORE... Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap At this time of year, as much as I love root vegetables, leeks, and cabbages, you can only have them so many times before boredom sets in. I don’t know about you, I don’t eat to live, I live to eat. To eat to enjoy and stay vegetarian/vegan, you’ll need to travel to the Subcontinent or the Far East for inspiration. There are times when I yearn for spices, for out of season vegetables, tropical fruits, grains, almond, macadamias, avocados, and Medjool dates. But at what cost? The carbon footprint ain’t great, many of these ingredients travel thousands of miles by a plane, and, on top of that, forests are being decimated to accommodate the need for more of those ingredients. There appears to be no answers, you’re damned if you do, and you’re damned if you don’t. I won’t become a vegan in a hurry, but I will slip into being more vegetarian, eating better quality meat less often, fish from sustainable sources, and more plant based ingredients. And to you, vegans, I applaud you, stick to your principles, but try to help the planet as well as the animals.