Anna Karen, who is best known for her character Olive on the much-loved show On The Buses, has died in a tragic house fire in east London. Firefighters were reportedly summoned to the scene at Windsor Road in Ilford last night at around 10:30pm. However, despite their best efforts, the 85-year-old actress died at the scene. Anna's family friend confirmed the tragic news. They told Mail Online: "We are absolutely horrified at the news about Anna." READ NOW: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death A London Fire Brigade spokesperson confirmed to The Mirror: "Sadly, a woman has died following a house fire on Windsor Road in Ilford. "Part of the ground floor of a mid-terrace house was damaged by fire. "Sadly a woman was pronounced dead at the scene. "The Brigade was called at 2240 and the fire was under control by 2338. Three fire engines and around 20 firefighters from Ilford and Barking fire stations attended the incident. The cause of the fire is under investigation." Anna was the only surviving cast member left who had worked on the legendary 1960s sitcom On The Buses, which ended in 1973. The actress played Olive and she featured in all 74 episodes of the hit show. She also appeared in the highest grossing film in 1971 - Mutiny on the Buses and Holiday on the Buses However, she was not known solely in that role. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [DEBATE] Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing [LATEST] Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan [INSIGHT]  The British-South African actress also became an Eastenders star. She had been a close pal of Barbara Windsor's after first meeting her when the pair were aspiring beginners starring together in the hit classic Carry on Camping back in 1969. They then met again on the showbiz circuit when they featured in Eastenders together in 1996. Anna had taken on the role of the sister of Barbara's character Peggy Mitchell, meaning the pair spent a great deal of time together on-set. Off-screen, Barbara preceded her in death by just over two years. The Carry On legend died in December 2020 at the age of 83 after a battle with Alzheimer's. Anna is said to have enjoyed an eventful romantic life as the wife of fellow actor, Terry Duggan, prior to his death back in 2008. However, at the time of her death she was unmarried and had no children. Her agent Shane Collins told MailOnline: "We're so sad about what happened to Anna. She was such a lovely lady and a great comedian. "The only comfort is she will be happy to be reunited with her husband Terry Duggan and her best pal Barbara Windsor."