Across Europe the STOXX 600 index is down 3.6 percent while the Euro has slumped against the dollar. Germany has been one of the hardest hit European economies with Dax index falling over 4.5 percent as investors sell off and head to safer havens such as government bonds. Countries closer to the Ukraine border have also suffered with the Budapest Stock Exchange down over nine percent. Hungarian OTP Bank which is one of the largest financial service providers in Eastern Europe saw its share price fall over six percent.  Russia itself has also been hit with the Moscow Exchange falling as far as 30 percent while the ruble hit a record low against the dollar. Gas and oil prices meanwhile have soared prompting further inflation fears in a market already severely stretched. Oil broke past the $100 a barrel threshold for Brent Crude while futures in natural gas have risen over 30 percent. Attention is now focusing on what further sanctions might come as western countries respond.  So far sanctions have largely avoided targeting commodities such as oil or gas, aside from a halt on approval for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline from Germany. Steen Jakobsen, Chief Investment Officer at Saxo Bank, warned: "The Western powers will have to hurt themselves if they are to hurt Russia as new sanctions are likely to affect the flow of commodities itself and possibly Russia’s financial system and its access to the world. "This will in itself lead to much higher inflation both in the short and medium term. "Russia exports millions of tons of oil monthly to Western destinations and vast quantities of natural gas exports.  "The slowing of natural gas flows over the winter has already wreaked considerable havoc, but could get worse still if flows are slowed further." Rising energy prices are not the only factor weighing on European inflation with food prices also likely to be hit. Thomas Pugh, economist at consultancy RSM UK, said: "Between them, Russia and Ukraine export a quarter of the world’s wheat, and Ukraine is a major corn exporter. "This would put further upward pressure on food prices, which were already rising by four percent y/y in December. "All this will exacerbate the cost of living crisis and depress GDP growth.”   DON'T MISS: City of London in free fall as Putin's war hits UK stocks [ANALYSIS]Russian central bank acts as ruble plummets [INSIGHT]Oil prices skyrocket past $100 as Russia [SPOTLIGHT] Research has already suggested European sanctions could backfire. A recent report by the Vienna Institute for International Economic Studies warned that any restrictions on oil and gas trade would be a "nuclear option" given the huge cost this would inflict on EU members. It further argued injections of state money by the Kremlin could help support Russia against any restrictions on international transactions. Paul McNamara, Investment Director at GAM Investments, also warned that the Russian economy was not particularly vulnerable to sanctions. He explained: "With very little government debt, a balance of payments surplus and the strongest foreign exchange reserve position in emerging markets, Russia does not depend on external capital to a material degree, so sanctions aimed to reduce capital inflows will gain little traction." 