The toy, clothing and baby product store is making a comeback, returning to our high streets in just a few months. Just last year Toys "R" Us’ Australian arm made an agreement to come back to the UK, after falling into administration in 2018. In the coming months, the brand is set to relaunch, to the delight of toy lovers. Senior Buyer James Ford has been hired for the core Toys "R" Us business. He previously helped build Debenhams’ toy arm. READ MORE: Aldi has 30% off Specialbuys - here are our top picks from the sale Katie Ellis, who worked for Toys "R" Us and Mothercare, will bring her magic to Babies "R" US team. She will be joined by Argos’ top buyer Lukasz Jasinski. Spearheading the launch is Toys 'R' Us Australia Chief Executive Louis Mittoni. He stated: “I’m very excited to welcome over 100 years of retailing experience in our new team, who will lead the relaunch our iconic brand back into the UK market in the next few months. “We have an amazing toy and baby buying team, which I believe is the best in the country. “With this team now in place, we’re hitting the ground running and have been reaching out to the supply base to see with whom we can align on this amazing journey." He told the Retail Gazette: “The announcement of the return has been met with an overwhelmingly positive response from UK shoppers, suppliers, previous employees of Toys "R" Us UK and the toy and baby media.” He added Toys "R" Us will return in a ‘digital-first’ e-commerce way, followed by a "unique physical experiential offering”. He stated: “Tailoring our successful Australian relaunch plan to the UK echoes the success of the other e-commerce ‘platform play’ businesses that have delivered growth and value due to their ability to quickly and cost effectively expand their software, process, partner relationships and brands into new countries. “Since Toys "R" Us return to Australia in June 2019, we have scaled quickly as customers returned to the much-loved brand and our e-commerce model has proven its success.” As the landscape of children’s entertainment is changing, with a keenness to enjoy experienced-based play in stores rather than just shopping, it will be interesting to see how Toys "R" Us navigate this. Toy sales reportedly reached £3.3billion last year in the UK, so it is likely that British high streets will welcome back the toy store with open arms. Toys ‘R’ Us enjoyed seven decades of selling toys before it filed for bankruptcy in 2017. The first store was built in April 1948 in New Jersey, with the company founded in 1957. A year later the chain collapsed, closing a whopping 100 branches, but will excitingly be revived in the UK this year. WHP Global acquired a controlling interest in Tru Kids, the parent company of Toys R Us and Babies R Us, in March 2021.