Tory MP Stuart Anderson told Express.co.uk that the "huge global instability" arising from the invasion of Ukraine will be far worse than the 2014 invasion of Crimea. Mr Anderson also outlined that the impact on global security of war with Russia would be "absolutely massive", saying that it would put the world on a "global war footing". Unlike the 2014 conflict in Ukraine, which saw Russian troops occupy Crimea, Mr Anderson noted that the current situation is likely to unfold over a big area. This comes after Putin launched an invasion of Ukraine on Thursday after declaring war on the country in the early hours of the morning. Speaking to Express.co.uk the crisis in Ukraine, Mr Anderson said: "Every incursion into Ukraine will be a long protracted, bloody conflict that we don't want to see. "The impact on global security would be absolutely massive. "Because we're seeing an authoritarian government invade a democracy in this current age, it will create massive instability around the world and it will be felt across the world. "It's not just going to be in Ukraine. It's not like what we saw in Crimea. This is the next level up. "What you will then have is a massive build-up of NATO troops, as they're already reinforcing along the Ukrainian border. "We will move onto more of a global war footing and nobody knows what Putin's next steps are. "So is his ambition to take Ukraine, and he has said that one of the worst geopolitical events of the last century was the break up of the Soviet Union - so is he looking to go further than Ukraine? And that's something we don't know. READ MORE: Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin "But we have to - NATO would have to prepare for that and make sure we've got everything in place, but it will create huge instability." He added: "It's not Crimea, it's a big area and there will be resistance and we should be supporting Ukraine in every area we can." In response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, UK and NATO allies slapped Russian businesses and officials with sanctions. The UK has excluded major Russian banks from the country's financial system, while oligarchs have been hit with asset freezes and travel bans. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS] Russia's national airline Aeroflot will also be banned from landing in the UK. Mr Johnson told the House of Commons that the UK's measures are "the largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen". The UK Government is also pushing for Russia to be excluded from the Swift international payment system. Speaking to the BBC, Ben Wallace said: "We would like to go further, we would like to do the SWIFT system, that is the financial system that allows Russians to move money around the world, to receive payments for its gas.  "But like so many things, these are international organisations and if not every country wants them to be thrown out of the SWIFT system it becomes difficult." He added: "We want it switched off. Other countries do not. "We only have so many options. "We are going to work all day to try and get it (switched off for Russia)." 