Thousands of volunteers were handed weapons as Russian forces encircled Kyiv. Gunfire and shelling rang out over the capital last night as it emerged Ukraine and Russia were discussing a place and time for talks about a ceasefire. Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky took to the streets to rally his people against the invasion. In an online message, he said: "We are all here defending our independence, our country, and it will stay that way." Russia's main invasion force was closing in on Kyiv last night as its advance units began a street-by-street battle for control. Missiles tore into blocks of flats and President Vladimir Putin’s tanks burst into the outskirts of Ukraine’s capital. Ukrainian troops offered stiff resistance to Russian special forces and dealt with “saboteur groups” while their Government handed out 20,000 assault rifles to volunteers and told them to make petrol bombs. One young Ukrainian distributing guns to civilians shouted: “Come and protect your nation Ukraine, glory to Ukraine!” Multiple air strikes were reported in Kyiv last night, with explosions across the city. Yet despite the intense fighting, it was claimed last night that Ukraine and Russia are trying to agree on a venue and time for talks. President Volodymyr Zelensky’s spokesman Sergii Nykyforov said Ukraine “remains ready to talk about a ceasefire and peace”. Moscow sent around 60 battalion tactical groups into Ukraine in the first two days of the war – about half the 190,000 soldiers it had massed on the border. But Ukraine’s forces are said to be “delaying” Putin’s advance with fierce fighting in all its major cities. The bulk of the tyrant’s armoured units were about 30 miles from Kyiv as darkness fell last night, with its residents preparing for a bloody siege. City mayor Vitali Klitschko, the former heavyweight boxing champ, said Kyiv had “entered into a defensive phase. Shots and explosions are ringing out in some neighbourhoods. Saboteurs have already entered. “The enemy wants to put the capital on its knees and destroy us.” It was reported that the capital’s thermal power plant had been destroyed after five blasts were heard in quick succession in the north of Kyiv. Klitschko, 50, said strongpoints had been set up at bridges and other strategic locations and warned: “The situation now – without exaggeration – is threatening for Kyiv.” President Zelensky took to the streets of Kyiv to rally his people, saying on a video: “We’re all here. Our military is here. Citizens in society are here. We’re all here defending our independence, our country. It will stay this way.” His military chiefs have concentrated their defences in major towns, and much of Russia’s territorial gains so far are in rural areas. Ukrainian soldiers destroyed bridges to slow the invaders as Putin’s southern forces split into two, with one army heading towards Mariupol while the other threatened Kyiv or Odessa. Russia failed to take Chernihiv, two hours north-east of Kyiv, but a column advancing from the north-west on the other side of the Dnieper river was closing in on the capital. Ukraine’s deputy defence minister Hanna Malyar said Russia had already lost 2,800 servicemen and 80 tanks while the defenders had also destroyed 516 armoured vehicles, 10 fixed-wing aircraft and seven helicopters. Ukraine reported another 137 military and civilian deaths of its own. Kyiv accused the Kremlin of “war crimes” after a kindergarten and orphanage near the border were hit. Foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said evidence had been referred to the International Court of Justice in The Hague. Lt Gen Jim Hockenhull, Britain’s chief of defence intelligence, said yesterday: “Russian forces continue to advance on two axes towards Kiev. Their objective is to encircle the capital to secure control of the population and change the regime.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea US officials believe Russian forces have lost some momentum since the invasion began early on Thursday. A source said: “There is greater resistance by the Ukrainians than the Russians expected. They are not moving on Kyiv as fast as what we believe they anticipated they would be able to do. That said, they continue to try.” Ukraine banned men aged between 18 and 60 from leaving the country, as defence and interior ministry chiefs urged Kyiv residents to “inform us of troop movements”. Interior Ministry adviser Vadym Denysenko said last night: “Ukrainian military equipment is entering Kyiv now to defend it. I am asking all residents of Kyiv – do not film it...to protect our city.” Heavy fighting was reported near Ivankiv, 40 miles north-west of Kyiv. An interior adviser Anton Gerashchenko said: “The enemy’s plan is to break through with tank columns from the side of Ivankiv and Chernihiv.” Russian troops also entered the city of Sumy near the border. Oleksiy Arestovych, an aide to President Zelensky, said he believes Russia seized the site of the former Chernobyl nuclear power station as “possible blackmail”. Ukraine’s nuclear energy agency said yesterday that higher than usual levels of gamma radiation detected near the decommissioned plant were due to a “disturbance of the topsoil due to the movement of a large amount of heavy military equipment”. Russian troops were said to have halted near the north-east city of Konotop after sufering heavy losses during fighting. Ukrainian defence sources said: “They have a problem with fuel and supply,” adding that Putin’s soldiers were looting shops. Yury Filatov, Russia’s ambassador to Ireland, insisted his country’s invasion of Ukraine was a “humanitarian intervention”. He claimed there was no proof that Russian forces had targeted civilians but said the Kyiv regime had used diplomacy as a cover for a future offensive in the disputed Donbas region of the country. He told Irish broadcaster RTE: “The military option is not our choice. There was no other choice to end the suffering of Donbas through real humanitarian intervention – that’s what this special operation is exactly about. The only aim of the operation is to neutralise the ability of the Ukrainian military to inflict any more suffering on Donbas. Ukrainians should not be afraid of that.” Opposition parties in Ireland have demanded Mr Filatov is expelled.