Cholesterol is a wax-like substance found in the blood. It is essential in order to build healthy cells, produce vitamins and hormones. However, too much cholesterol in the bloodstream can pose serious health risks. High cholesterol can be inherited, but most of the time it is the result of poor lifestyle choices. Among the factors that cause high levels of cholesterol are eating too much saturated fat, having a sedentary lifestyle, smoking, and excess body fat. At times, however, the causes of high cholesterol can’t be controlled. Diabetes, kidney or liver disease, an underactive thyroid gland, and getting older can all put people at an increased risk of having high cholesterol. When total cholesterol is high, it usually means there is a high percentage of LDL (low-density lipoprotein) cholesterol. READ MORE: Dementia: Nine early warning symptoms of disease – surprising lesser-known signs to spot At high levels, LDL cholesterol accumulates in the blood vessels, building up a fatty plaque. Over time, these deposits grow, and they make it hard for enough blood to flow through the arteries, increasing the risk of heart attacks, strokes, and vascular dementia. A healthy and balanced diet, low in saturated fat, is a game-changer for people with high cholesterol. Swapping full-fat cow milk with oat milk, for example, can help maintain normal cholesterol levels. Researchers at the University of Lund argued that consumption of oat milk can lower LDL cholesterol levels. They screened 66 men with high cholesterol over a period of five weeks, letting them drink oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber. Findings suggested that drinking three cups (750 mL) of oat milk a day for five weeks reduced total and LDL cholesterol by 3-5 percent. Researchers concluded that “oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber has cholesterol-reducing properties”. According to the British Heart Foundation, oat milk contains oat beta-glucans, “which can help maintain normal cholesterol levels when you consume 3g a day as part of a balanced diet”. A 250ml glass of oat milk, for example, provides 1g of beta-glucans. Whereas a bowl of porridge, prepared with 40g of oats can provide 2g of beta-glucans. Oat milk, when unsweetened, can be an excellent alternative to prevent or deal with high cholesterol, being low in fat, but also in protein. On a nutritional level, rice milk is similar to oat milk, but it does not contain the beta-glucans that come with oat milk. Although alternative milk can be a good option for people with high cholesterol, the British Heart Foundation suggests that it is still important not to eliminate dairy from the diet. “Calcium is not present naturally in dairy milk alternatives so it needs to be added. “Low-fat dairy products will help you meet your calcium intake, without adding too many calories.”