Kateryna and Oleksandr, who are doctors and have chosen to stay near Kyiv to help the army and provide medical assistance to those who have been hurt, spoke to Adil and Susanna Reid on Monday’s Good Morning Britain. The pair spoke about their experience in Ukraine as they were unable to go to a bomb shelter because it was too full. As they spoke about the conflict, Adil was savaged for asking for details about the death of their friends. Kateryna said of the previous night: “This morning was difficult for us because last night was very tough. “There were a lot of sirens last night. "It's also difficult as this night we stayed at home because the bomb shelter was full. “There was no space for us. It was difficult for us." READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch Adil interjected: “Oleksandr we've also heard you've had some very sad news overnight that friends of yours - I believe in the north over rocket fire. "That must be really really hard for you to accept and take in at this point." The pair fell silent before Oleksandr broke down in tears prompting Adil to backtrack. “You don't have to say anything,” the host quickly remarked. “We don't want you to get upset and can see how hard this might be. Our thoughts are with you. “It must be for you going through and just trying to stay alive, and survive, and not only that, you're helping others and then to hear about your friends the other side of the country, it must be very difficult." Good Morning Britain viewers rushed to Twitter to slam the host for his “disgusting” line of questioning. @StevenM89052991 tweeted: “Amazing people, total admiration for what they are doing. “Insensitive question from Adil, you can see they are just holding it together and you ask them about their friends.” DON'T MISS...Putin has rug pulled from under him as oligarchs break rank on Ukraine [LATEST]‘Truly, truly awful’ Succession’s Brian Cox pays tribute to Ukraine [VIDEO]POLL: Do you think Putin would actually press the nuclear button? [POLL] @jehovah246 posted: “@GMB what a stupid question. Your friends have been killed how do you feel.” Meanwhile @richy2342 continued: “Your line of questioning is disgusting.” @AdamBoynton31 shared: “#gmb FFS Adil. Are you happy that you got the reaction you wanted now?” Many viewers meanwhile were simply heartbroken for Kateryna and Oleksandr and commented on their bravery to help their fellow citizens. Lorenzo posted: “How is Oleksander still able to function as it’s clear he’s suffering with trauma? I’m not saying Kateryna isn’t - you can’t have nothing but admiration for what they’re both and others are doing. “I hope these people get the help/aid they clearly and desperately need.” Grant Rivers added: “Difficult listening to Kateryna & Oleksander this morning, one can’t imagine the sadness & difficulties they’re going through! #GMB.” Andrea Davey continued: “Two amazing young people who are dedicated to their country and there profession full of admiration for Kateryna and Oleksander.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.