Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik sat down with LBC to discuss the recent Russian invasion on Ukrainian soil. Ms Rudik told host Nick Ferrari that she had armed herself with an Assault rifle and Markov pistol. Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded in order to overthrow the Ukrainian democracy, and many Ukrainians have decided to fight back. The Ukrainian MP also spoke about how she and her family, had been doing military training in case of face to face battles with Russian infantry soldiers.    Mr Ferrari said: "And what have people around you... Are they arming themselves? Have you armed yourselves? "Are the citizens of the city getting ready, God forbid Kira, to actually fight Russians face to face?" Ms Rudik said: "Yes we are all getting ready to fight Russians face to face. "I never bear arms in my life, but now I've got weapons and I was training yesterday. JUST IN: Putin's WARNING to the West: Interfere and you will face wrath greater than any in history Ms Rudik added: "And I'm training with my family today, to be able to protect ourselves if Russians get into Kyiv and the same thing happens with almost everyone here. "We do understand what it means to have Russian troops in Kyiv, we have been fighting this war for eight years, and this is why we know we will have to protect ourselves. Mr Ferrari said: "And what do you have, what weapons do you have Kira?" Ms Rudik said: "I have an AK and a PM." Mr Ferrai said: "I hope you don't have to use them, be safe, thank you so much for your time, I hope when we speak again it's on a happier note." READ MORE:'Point of no return' – Terrifying meaning of 'Z' symbol emblazoned on Russian tanks Unfortunately, Ms Rudik is not the only Ukrainian who has had to take training classes and extra measures to protect herself and her family. Many other Ukrainians have bought weapons in order to fight back against Russian forces who could attack them. Oleksandra Matviichuk, head of the Centre for Civil Liberties think tank, insisted Ukrainians are ready to fight back against a Russian invasion. Exclusively speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Matviichuk said: "This is a rather weird situation. "According to the latest polls, 60 percent of Ukrainian people are ready to resist Russian armed invasion. This number is constantly growing. 