Indeed, he is a one-man menace to independent former Soviet Republics or Middle and Eastern European states that fell into the Soviet Union’s lap after World War II. And if you think he would be so good as to stop there, think again. This man is not just an imperialist. He wants to rule - and oppress -the world. Quite what the inscrutable Xi Jinping thinks about that ambition is another matter.  After all, he is busy not only threatening Taiwan but also buying up the world and infiltrating the West to pinch our technological innovations. Meanwhile, he demonstrates that solemn treaties mean nothing to him with his treatment of Hong Kong. So much for the one nation/two systems concept in the 1997 handover treaty.It has taken the West a long time to wake up to the Communist threat to its freedom. But now the head of MI5 has left us in no doubt. British security is working flat out to contain the threat from Moscow and Peking, plus the Ayatollahs of Iran and militant Islam.So the question is not why Putin has amassed an army of anything up to 200,000 on the Ukraine’s borders; it is why it is still there. After all, the Ukraine is rich in precious ores and shale gas and a positive breadbasket. There are rich pickings there, though they would not benefit the downtrodden Russians much. Is it that he feels so insecure that he needs to embark on an empire-re-building adventure to take his people’s minds off their poverty and oppression? If so, it seems an expensive way of doing it, having an army sitting in the snow surrounding the Ukraine. Is he testing out Western will at a time when, by common consent, its leadership has never been weaker?If so, this seems to have backfired since the apparent weakest links -the USA and Germany - have toughened their stance, though there is no telling what further mischief the French president, Emmanuel Macron, will get up to in his election year. Given his well-known narcissism in regularly baring his manly chest, is he just posturing and maintaining a standing army in a threatening position just to keep the West - and especially Poland and the Baltic States - on edge? One thing is certain: if he marches into Kiev, every small state next to a dictator can never feel safe. We should be back to the Falklands era. And there, bang on cue, pops up Jinping to back Argentina’ claim on the islands while he gnaws away at his Himalayan border... In short, the West, the Commonwealth and the democracies of Asia and the Far East are living in a hostile world. We are possibly handicapped in handling it because we are a peace-loving lot who just want to get on with improving our condition. We are also beset by abuses of freedom. The unions’ drag on our economy caused by strikes may be small compared with the 1970s, thanks to Margaret Thatcher, but it is still there, predominantly in the public sector and especially in the teaching and medical profession. The pandemic has also popularised the idea of working from home and a four-day week without loss of pay. That is not the way to keep the economy delivering, to improve social services and bolster our depleted defences. But Britain’s backbone is also in doubt. We seem to have bred a generation that wants for nothing except common sense. How else can you view their hypersensitivity that causes crackpot institutions to feel obliged to issue warnings that people might be upset by Shakespeare or even Enid Blyton. What is really worrying is the totalitarian nature of the wokerati. They seek to enforce their will on the nation and in the process suppress - i.e. cancel - free thinkers while re-writing our glorious history. Nobody would think, for example, that Britain was the first to abolish slavery, enforced by the Royal Navy.But the ultimate hypocrisy of it all is their utter failure to condemn Russian and Chinese abuse of minorities, slavery of the masses or their empire-building. Britain has too many of Communisms’ useful idiots around these days.