Home Secretary Priti Patel's policy for Navy ships to intercept refugees crossing the English Channel cannot be used, a minister admitted last week. The policy will criminalise anyone making the journey in small boats – instead of just those landing on the UK coast. James Heappey, the armed forces minister, has admitted Navy vessels are unsuitable for the task and therefore cannot be used. He said Navy ships sit “too high above the water” for migrants and refugees to board. Ms Patel has made dealing with the migrant crisis one of her key priorities, but many of the Home Office's reported policies have been dismissed as either unworkable or immoral. She has also been critical of how European leaders have dealt with the issue. But Enver Solomon, CEO of the Refugee Council, tells Express.co.uk that Europe is taking in proportionately far more migrants than the UK. He also explained why migrants make the dangerous journey across the Channel to reach British shores. He explained that the main reasons for making the treacherous journey are family connections (they have family who are already in Britain), language reasons (they speak English) and job opportunities. Mr Solomon said: "It's important to understand that lots more people make an asylum application in Germany, or in France, or in Greece or Italy. "Lots of people are seeking asylum in those countries. "The reason someone might travel as far as the UK, you have got to be pretty determined to get all the way to the UK, is because they may have family connections, a member of their family already living here. "They may have community connections. With a country like Afghanistan, there might be a strong connection between the UK and the country a refugee is travelling from. "Or they might be able to speak English, and think as a result that this will enable them to reintegrate, get on with life and get a job. "That's what these people want to do." READ MORE: Priti Patel vows to shield Britain from Russia’s malign influence Today, the Home Office are releasing their first official statistics on “irregular” migration to the UK, including small boats. Until now, the best available were figures compiled by the BBC, which indicate that more than 28,000 people made the journey across the Channel on small boats in 2021. Mr Solomon told Express.co.uk that Ms Patel should treat migrants with compassion rather than "slamming the door" on them. He argued that safe routes needed to be focused on in order to prevent deaths. He said: "Giving people the right to join up with family members is a very important safe route, which would be much more compassionate. "Also children who travel by themselves, get to Europe and want to come to the UK – we should offer safe passages for them. DON'T MISS Forget Boris - Britain needs PM Priti Patel, says JASON REED [INSIGHT] Prince Harry needs to moan alone, says CAROLE MALONE [ANALYSIS] Nearly £5MILLION a day goes on migrant hotel stays [INSIGHT] "There are more safe routes that could be put in place by the Government – the Home Secretary has said she wants to create more safe routes – but there is no evidence that those plans are being implemented. "At the same time, it's important to remember that we as a country will never be able to provide enough safe routes and there will be those who take dangerous journeys. That has been the case for decades and will continue to be the case. "That's why it's really important that we don't simply slam our door in their face. Those who should be given refugee status should be allowed to stay in the UK."