The cheeky young prince could be seen sticking his tongue out during the rugby match as he appeared with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to see England play Wales. Following Kate’s new position as the patron of the Rugby Football Union, the game pitted her team against that of her husband, who has been patron of the Welsh Rugby Union since 2016. Fans were ecstatic at seeing Prince George out with his parents, with many praising his stature and how well the family looked together. One Twitter user stated that the eight-year-old prince had become “quite the handsome young lad,” while others could hardly hold back at his cuteness. User @isagour responded: “Mate, I’m going to cry. They are sooo cute!” Twitter user @Billydouglass7 particularly praised the family’s appearance, stating: “Thank God the beautiful Cambridge family are the future of the British Monarchy!” The Queen had passed on the patronages of the RFU and Rugby Football League to Kate after their former holder, the Duke of Sussex, quit his royal duties in 2020. During her first engagement with members of the England teams earlier this month, Kate said of her rivalry with William: “We’re terribly competitive. The fact we’re now supporting two different teams is going to make things interesting.” She added that all three of their children - Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 3, were “all enjoying” playing rugby. She added that Louis had adopted a “kamikaze” style of play with his siblings. Both the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge represented their respective teams with their attire. William, 39, sported a navy suit and carried a red Wales scarf, while Kate wore a black and white checked coat over trousers, and herself had an England scarf. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUE ove [INSIGHT] Prince George, meanwhile, did not commit to either team - sporting a red and blue puffa jacket with no England or Wales symbols. Asked whether George would be supporting his mother or father’s team today, the young prince only shrugged his shoulders and smiled at his father. William laughed, and said: “It’s become quite the thing in the house.” He pointed at his wife and added: “She is quite into it, I’m trying to stay out of it.” Kate encouraged her son to tell all about playing rugby at his school, Thomas’s Battersea, adding that he “has all the kit.” DON'T MISS: Pensioners deserting Tories as Government 'not protecting' them [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: 'Petty' EU savaged Boris told 'Brexit NOT achieved' [INSIGHT]Fury over 'ludicrous' price hike at the only car park for miles [REVEAL] George said that he had just started learning how to tackle, before turning to Kate and saying: “ “But I haven’t tackled you yet!” Kate replied, laughing: “Yes you have!” The Cambridges met with representatives of the RFU’s community and grass roots game, volunteers and RFU council members including Joe Bedford and Commander Kirsty Marlor, who represents the Navy on the RFU Council. Maintaining a protective arm across his son’s shoulders as he encouraged the young prince to shake hands, William said: “It’s a big game. We’re excited. “It’s just so good to be back, it’s been quite weird watching games, and football, without the fans.”