Christian Horner landed himself in trouble with talkSPORT presenter Laura Woods after suggesting young girls’ growing interest in Formula One is down to ‘good-looking’ drivers. The Red Bull team principal was discussing the new Drive To Survive series when he was made to clarify his initial claim. Drive To Survive provides a glimpse into the behind-the-scenes of F1 and the fourth series will be released by Amazon Prime on March 11. It will show how Red Bull’s Max Verstappen controversially won his maiden F1 Drivers’ World Championship in December. Verstappen benefitted from a series of contentious FIA decisions to overtake Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton. Horner is excited for the new season but has implied that young girls are growing interested in the sport because of supposedly attractive drivers.   JUST IN: FIA respond to claims that Andretti's son has applied to enter F1 team “I’ve watched it and the latest season is just coming out,” Horner told talkSPORT. “I’ve seen a preview of the first four episodes and this latest season is just insane because of the rivalry and things behind-the-scenes. “You've got to remember they're making a TV show as well, but for what it’s done for the sport it’s phenomenal. “F1 is bringing in a young generation. It’s bringing in a lot of young girls because all these great-looking young drivers.    "They want to know more about the characters. Particularly in America it’s gone bananas, so that’s creating more sponsorship, more revenue, the tracks are all sold-out, Silverstone are trying to put another 20,000 seats in because of the demand." However, shocked by the implication, presenter Woods pushed him on his comments. She challenged Horner by insisting that girls are inspired by drivers such as Verstappen and Hamilton. “I think maybe some of those young girls who are watching are not just inspired by the good-looking racers but maybe inspired to be drivers themselves?” Woods pushed back.   DON'T MISS...Hamilton's touching message to brother as Nicolas sits in Mercedes W13Horner hits out at Hamilton and Mercedes actions over Masi actionsLewis Hamilton piles pressure on FIA and outlines wanted outcome Clarifying his view, Horner agreed with the assertion. The 48-year-old noted the amount of women taking up vitally important roles behind the scenes. “Absolutely, and we’re seeing more and more girls getting involved in the sport, not just in a driving perspective but in engineering, management and so on," he said. “That’s great to see the interest that it’s generating.”   