Kate Garraway, 54, discussed on Good Morning Britain today her situation at home while her husband, Derek Draper, 54, recovers from Covid. She admitted she had not been able to have much sleep since he was diagnosed back in March 2020. Speaking to hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley, Kate explained she had been staying with some friends while Derek’s sister looks after him. The broadcaster said: "If I'm looking a bit puffy-eyed this morning, it's not because I've been crying or I've been disturbed for once. “It’s because my lovely friend Claire and her husband Chris have been looking after me and I've slept for the first time in about two years." She continued: "Actually, Derek's sister Di is with Derek so he's doing good. “And he's been having some more tests and some more things that we've been waiting a long time for." But Kate has not left Derek’s side during his gruelling battle, which saw him become so ill that doctors were forced to put him into an induced coma. She revealed that she even accompanied Derek on an 11,000-mile trip to Mexico for specialist treatment. The ITV star last year released Finding Derek, a documentary that detailed her family’s struggles during Derek’s 13 months in hospital. The documentary saw great success and earned Kate a National Television Award last year. Following its release, a US doctor reached out to Kate after seeing her husband’s journey and advised her that he takes a trip over to the specialist clinic in Mexico. Derek had to undergo oxygen and pressure tests to check he was able to endure the 16-hour journey. Once the checks were complete, he received treatment at a clinic in Monterrey and is set to return for 28 days next month. DON'T MISS...Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [LATEST]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [UPDATE] During his return to the UK, healthcare professionals will continue to monitor his brain, liver and lung function. Speaking about the trip, Kate confessed that Derek was “desperate to get better”. She told The Sun: “It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited. “He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen. “I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve. I think the treatment could be positive.” However, Kate stressed that she was being “careful about saying too much” in case things did not go as expected. “I don’t want to start something, offering up false hope to others who might be in a similar position,” she continued. “But I’m just so desperate to be able to give a happy ending — for Derek mainly, but also for everybody who asks me every day how he’s getting on.”