With the conflict now into its second day, and Ukraine announcing over 130 deaths so far, how much support Mr Putin has in Ukraine has also been questioned. Global condemnation has poured in over the invasion by Russian forces, with tough economic sanctions being proposed and instigated by Western powers against Moscow.  Yet, in Ukraine itself, where Mr Putin has suggested separatists loyal to Russia are being persecuted, one journalist also questioned how many people back Mr Putin. Galia Ackerman, a historian and journalist said: “Putin can count on the allegiance of 10-15 percent of the Ukrainian population. “30 percent are ready to take up arms [for Ukraine] and the others will try to adapt to circumstances.” Ms Ackerman added: “But it is necessary to see what ammunition and what arms they will use, and then there’s the rest, the ordinary people who will try to adapt to circumstances and who will not risk their lives for the freedom of their country.”  Speaking of the popularity of Mr Putin in Russia itself, Ms Ackerman said: “We are not sure the polls we have are adequate. “I think his popularity must have dropped because Russia did not manage COVID well.” With elections upcoming in 2024, the historian also considered Mr Putin’s chances of remaining in power. She said: "He has probably already won. “There have been some rumours he is in bad health, but when I see him on TV, there is no sign of it. “The problem with dictators is they can't leave power with impunity. “Putin can stay in power until 2036 if his condition allows it. “It is written in the constitution, which he himself modified".  READ MORE:Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support Adding to the notion Mr Putin’s invasion of Ukraine will be welcomed by the separatists in the East, Ms Ackerman said: "The separatist armies openly supported by the Russian army will go on the attack to 'liberate' the rest of the Lugansk and Donetsk regions and the Ukrainian army will be forced to retaliate. "Russian troops, also stationed in Belarus, will arrive on the outskirts of Kyiv within a few days and demand a kind of capitulation." The historian also compared the Russian President to a former Soviet leader.She said: "What Putin is threatening is once they overthrow the government, there will be Stalinist-style purges. “That's what the Soviets always did when they occupied countries." She added this attack is not a surprise: "Everything was already clear last Monday. "He said he would do everything to defend them, and he also dropped a few phrases about the Kyiv junta, 'denazification,' the punishment that awaits those who perpetrated barbaric acts, plus the concentration of troops. “So everything was already clear."  DON'T MISS:Britons hail takedown of Russian troop 'F*** you doing?' [COMMENT]Show host mocked after saying holiday ruined by Putin [REPORT]Europe issued chilling Putin warning [INSIGHT] Mr Putin although highly condemned by the West, he has received veiled backing by other nations. China has refused to officially label the military operation in Ukraine by Russian forces as an “invasion”. Zhang Jun, Chinese ambassador to the UN, called on all parties involved in the crisis to remain restrained and avoid escalating the situation any further.  Speaking at the UN Security Council, Mr Zhang said: "China believes the door to a peaceful solution to the Ukraine issue has not been completely closed and should not be closed. “At present, to avoid intensifying conflicts, China will continue to promote peace and talks in its own way.” Adding to the Russian argument over Ukraine, Yang Jin, an associate research fellow at the Institute of Russian, Eastern European, and Central Asian Studies under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences said: "I believe Russia's military operation is a reaction of Moscow toward Western countries' exerting pressure on Russia for a long time, showing Moscow can't tolerate anymore.” 