Roughly 2.8million people are currently on PIP but few realise the unused freebies they are entitled to. The Department for Work and Pensions has issued a full list of freebies available to Britons claiming PIP. Personal Independence Payments (PIP) help Britons with long-term conditions, illnesses or disabilities cover their additional living and mobility costs. The amount one receives depends largely on how they are affected in day to day life by their condition with payments ranging from £23.70 to £152.15 per week. However, regardless of how much one receives, they can qualify for further financial support and everyday assistance through other benefits and freebies. People are cautioned to check the eligibility criteria for the extra freebies as some may have other requirements aside from claiming PIP.  The current add-ons available to PIP claimants are:    Claimants can contact their local council to find out more and apply for the free bus pass or disabled bus pass under the English National Concessionary Travel Scheme. The Blue Badge scheme also changes depending where one stays, as it costs £10 in England and £20 in Scotland but is free in Wales. Certain medical conditions can qualify PIP claimants for free prescriptions and more information on this can be found on the Government website. The Motability Scheme, Winter Fuel Payment, Warm Home Discount and Disabled Facilities Grant are all offered by the DWP. Winter Fuel Payment and Warm Home Discount are both made to help cover the costs of heating during the winter months, but only those born on or before September 26, 1955 can claim the first. This offers claimants between £100 and £300 while the Warm Home Discount provides £140 discount on electricity bills. The Motability scheme allows people to essentially put their enhanced mobility component of PIP towards the cost of a vehicle instead of receiving it. The Disabled Facilities Grant is one of the most generous offerings from the DWP, giving Britons thousands of pounds to modify their home to support their needs. In England this grant goes up to £30,000, Wales offers up to £36,000 and Northern Ireland £25,000. To be eligible for PIP, applicants must have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability that makes it difficult to do tasks or get around. These difficulties should be expected to last for at least 12 months. Although there are different rules for terminally ill applicants.