Sally Dynevor has played Coronation Street favourite, Sally Metcalfe, since 1986, and during that time she has had some dramatic storylines. However, the actress has taken a break from the cobbles to take part in the latest series of Dancing on Ice. The 58-year-old, who is partnered with Matt Evers, has gone from strength to strength each week and seems to be impressing the judges. However, according to the bookies, the Corrie star could be eliminated this weekend. With odds of 4/7, Ladbrokes claim Sally will be the latest celebrity to be sent packing on Sunday. Kye Whyte follows close behind the soap star, currently being the second favourite to leave with odds of 9/4. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Stef Reid is the third celebrity predicted to be given the boot with odds of 5/1. Meanwhile, Regan Gascoigne continues to be the bookies’ favourite to win with odds of 5/6. While Kimberly Wyatt follows close behind with odds of 11/4. Speaking about the latest odds, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Sally's given it a good go this series but the odds suggest it's the end of the road and back to the street for the Corrie star this weekend." Last weekend, the Dancing on Ice judges faced a backlash from fans after Happy Monday’s Bez was eliminated from the competition. The Celebrity Gogglebox star landed in the bottom two with Sally, although, after the skate-off, the judges decided to save the soap star. Some viewers also claim judges Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill, Oti Mabuse and Ashley Banjo for their scoring as some believe the dancers have been given higher scores throughout the series. Discussing his decision, Ashley began: “Sally you have improved so much from the beginning and Bez, I’ve got to give it to you, you have given us some firsts.” DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] The Diversity star continued: “And from the first skate right up to that one you have also given it your best and you’ve skated on your own so well done. “But, based on the quality of the skating, the couple I am going to save is Sally and Matt.” Turning to Oti, she said based on the skate-off alone she voted for the couple she felt were stronger. She added they she too was saving Sally and Matt. Guest judge Arlene Phillips explained: “The couple I want to save and just because she is the most beautiful actress and tonight proves herself with her skating is Sally and Matt.” Christopher went on to add that his decision was based on the skating, and he also decided to save the soap star. Jayne also agreed that after Sally and Matt’s beautiful performance, she also voted for them to stay. “I don’t know how she feels about this, but she is skating straight into props week,” Phillip Scofield announced. “It’s Sally and Matt.” Dancing on Ice airs on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.