Grace (played by Tamara Wall) has been a different character recently to the one she arrived in Hollyoaks as back in 2013 as the sister of former villain, Clare Devine (Gemma Bissix). The club owner is currently enjoying a romance with police officer Saul Reeves (Chris Charles) on the television drama, something her former self wouldn't have been seen dead doing as she was once the queen of the criminal underworld. However, it seems the actress who plays Grace, Tamara, wants her alter-ego to return to her roots but it could come at a price for the Channel 4 soap icon. As the daughter of the later gangster Fraser Black (Jesse Birdsall), Grace has always felt she had a reputation to upkeep but in recent years, her family life and relationships have seen her drop her hard-face persona. Viewers have watched as she has become a loving mother to Curtis Royale and a friend to former lover rival, Martine Devereux (Kelle Bryan). This has come after years of hardship, having seen her three brothers; Adam Donovan (Jimmy Essex), Jessie Donovan (Luke Jerdy) and Liam Donovan (Jude Monk McGowan), die as well as her mother, Tracey Donovan (Lisa Maxwell). Before she arrived in the village, her sister, Clare, was also killed off in a hit-and-run storyline so there hasn't been a huge survival rate in the family. It could be her sister's past that repeats itself if Grace were to make a deadly exit from the show as she could find herself in the same position as a rabbit in headlights. READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' Speaking about her character returning to the dark side, Tamara said: "This year, I really want Grace to go even further. "I want her to do her stupid schemes that go wrong, and have fun. Over the past year, Grace has been a bit downtrodden. "But now she has the club back, I'm looking forward to her getting back to her old self. "I love it when Grace does all the bad stuff! It's not often you get to do bad things with no punishment – that's why I love my job. "[I hope Grace] never gets a happy ending because it would be boring," the actress continued, hinting at her exit from the show. Just like Clare, Grace does have a dark streak which could see her do just about anything to remain on the top of her game. During her time in the village, the mother of one has killed three people, including her brother Liam, and has made countless attempts on other people's lives. Unlike her villainous sister, however, she has a softer side as she does seem to use her rational thoughts to think through her actions. With regards to killing Liam, it was in self-defence as he was going to murder Mercedes McQueen (Jennifer Metcalfe) if he hadn't died. But she could end up in the same position as Clare as the latter was struck down in a hit and run when one of her enemies decided to get revenge. DON'T MISS...Hollyoaks' Jamie Lomas shuts down two companies with debts of £92,000 [COMMENT]Hollyoaks star Lysette Anthony slams bosses amid race row [COMMENT]Hollyoaks' Amanda Clapham left with swollen thumb from spider [COMMENT] Away from the village, Grace has made her fair share of enemies and any one of them could come to Chester to enact revenge. Just as the beloved character is getting back to the heights of her villainy, she could also become a victim of a hit and run. As the last remaining member of the Black/Donovan clan left to die, her death would mark the end of an era in the village. Having been on the show for nine years and having avoided being killed off, despite several attempts being made, could it finally be the end of the road for Grace? Earlier this year, executive producer, Lucy Allan, spoke about her plans for the show as she begins her second stint in the role having previously held it back in 2009. Discussing her plans for the year ahead, she said: "Obviously this was a return to Hollyoaks for me and I was absolutely delighted to receive a show that was in such robust health, in spite of all the challenges that have been thrown at it due to COVID. "I've said all the way through that this was never about reinventing a very much-loved brand. "This was about building on what we already had and making sure that we keep the ethos of Hollyoaks. "From doing things first, to keeping the show's unique take on the world absolutely at the forefront of every story that we tell. "It's the nature of soaps that people come and go. We mourn those that leave and fall in love with new characters who arrive," she said in an interview with Digital Spy. There have already been numerous exits from the show this year and as Springtime approaches, it seems there is going to be more heartache on the horizon. Grace could be one of these exits which are in the pipeline and one of the most common causes of a character leaving is death. With her family's history, it is more than likely this is how she would leave, instead of riding off into the sunset or going on the run. But as one of the only characters who still has a villainous streak, will she get back to her former glory and kill off another beloved character? Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 6:30pm on Channel 4. First-look Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 7pm on E4.