Chicago Med came back for its seventh series in September 2021 on NBC but it hasn't been seen since last month. The medical drama took a midseason hiatus but it's time to welcome it back to the small screen as the latest episode will air tonight, Wednesday, February 23, on the network. As series seven continues, Express.co.uk caught up with former Chicago Med star Michel Gill about the possibility of making a comeback as the killer Robert Haywood. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Chicago Med.Robert Haywood (played by Michel Gill) was the father of original character and psychiatric resident Sarah Reese (Rachel DiPillo). He left Sarah and her mum 20 years before he showed up in the third season of Chicago Med, with her mum previously warning her to stay away from her dad. Robert has an appointment with Dr Daniel Charles (Oliver Platt) at the medical centre when he is put on the heart transplant list. During the examination, Daniel consults with Dr Samuel Abrams (Brennan Brown) on his brain scan who he assumes belongs to a criminal patient as it indicates Robert is a psychopath. Charles diagnoses him with an anti-social disorder but Sarah later finds out her dad is a psychopath when she looks at his brain scan. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Meena Jutla escapes prison with help from villager? Robert asked if Sarah could co-sign a loan so he would be able to get a house in Chicago which she doesn't agree to. Following a successful heart transplant surgery, Sarah says he can live with her as he recovers and so goes over to his home to collect some of his belongings with Daniel's help. He sees a picture of Robert with a known missing girl and it is discovered that Robert is a serial killer, responsible for the disappearances and murders of numerous girls. As Daniel confronts him, Robert has a heart attack and before Sarah walks into the room to help, she sees him hesitate to perform CPR. While Robert survives and goes to prison for his crimes, Sarah decides to leave the medical centre after seeing how Daniel was willing to see her father die for his crimes. The Robert Haywood storyline played a major role in both seasons three and four. Now opening up to Express.co.uk, actor Michel Gill has stated he would "absolutely" return to the drama. He said: "It's an interesting thing about that show actually because what was fascinating about what was pitched to me about being a psychopath was this guy was more of an emotional psychopath than literally a killer. "He ended up being what you thought a killer but, first of all, I adore Oliver Platt. "He is one of my heroes, as an actor, as a human being, I would work with him any day, any time, he is just delightful. "And so the answer is yes, I would go back work with him any day of the week. The people there at the show, the whole team, were terrific." DON'T MISS...Chicago Fire's Monica Raymund opens up on real reason for exit [EXIT]Power Book 2 season 2 cast: Who is Jeff Hephner? Who will he play? [CAST]Why are Torrey DeVitto and Yaya DaCosta leaving Chicago Med? [EXPLAINER] If Haywood was to return to Chicago Med, then it would also make sense for his daughter Sarah to make a comeback as well. Actress DiPillo also left in season four but has done little else since making her exit. Last year, she featured in the film Hello, My Name Is Frank as Laura but this has been her only role since Chicago Med in 2018. So could a DiPillo and Gill reunion be on the cards in the drama's near future? For now, fans have the rest of season seven to look forward to on NBC. Chicago Med will be back for season seven, episode 13 on NBC this evening. The description for the episode entitled Reality Leaves A Lot to the Imagination reads: "Dylan and Archer diagnose a pregnant woman with a serious infection. "Maggie receives shocking news. Will and Charles question an elderly patient's Alzheimer's diagnosis. In an effort to help, Crockett takes a risk." Chicago Med season 7 is available to watch on NBC in America and Sky Witness in the UK.