Kate Garraway joined fellow Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madely to give an update on Derek's health. A new documentary, Kate Garraway: Caring For Derek, airs on Tuesday night and will take a look at the progress Derek has made and sees the first time Kate brought her husband home after spending a year in the hospital. Touching on the reason for bringing Derek home, Kate revealed she burst into tears when she say her partner make a key step in his recovery. Introducing Kate to the show and praising her for sharing their story, Susanna said: "The key thing is the title it isn't just, Caring for Derek, this isn't just your story Kate, this isn't just Derek's experience. "What you reflect and what comes over so strongly in the documentary in the new programme is the way that you leave hospital with all the support system all the medical care that is there on the ward. "You come home and hope that the recovery, of course, will continue, you are then thrown into this labyrinth of a care system that you have to then navigate." READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' Kate agreed: "It is, and it's, I think, probably very challenging for someone in Derek's situation where he has been affected and impacted by a disease. "Two years on, we are beginning to get more clues on obviously fantastic work has been done to prevent people getting as sick as Derek or losing their lives as so many people have." Taking a look at a clip from the documentary, Kate described: "If you watch this moment because I didn't actually see this until I watched the footage. "It is the first moment that Derek moves his arm; it makes me cry now, this is the day he came home back in April 2021. "He moves his arm to hug Bill, [and] as Bill goes forward he moves his arm towards him, and that is the first moment we have seen him activate a movement prompted by a motion. "I was outside, and I only saw that when I watched the footage back, and I burst into tears! That was the reason for bringing him home at the time because he had spent a year in a ward. "He was being treated by incredible people in full PPE, he plateaued, we still didn't know how to make his organs and his neurology better. "The doctors didn't, and nobody didn't, but we thought coming home would stimulate it, and that has been amazing, but so much more is needed," she expressed. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [LATEST]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [WATCH] Viewers of Good Morning Britain were delighted to see Kate give an update on her husband and took to Twitter to express their encouragement. Andrew M said: "What happened to Derek was absolutely terrible and also very sad and stressful for his family." Claire Birdwing commented: "Amazing what Kate has done for her husband and family! Such strength and positivity from her today!" Jane Laymons added: "What a strong family! Two years with no definitive answers must be awful, but she is smashing it, go Kate!" Kate and Derek recently flew to Mexico for treatment at a specialist clinic and for a medical assessment by a world-renowned US doctor. Speaking to The Sun, she said: "It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place, he was excited. “He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen." Derek will return to Mexico next month for a 28-day stay, and doctors are set to monitor his brain, liver and lungs before undergoing more treatment. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.