Red Bull have provided fans insight into Max Verstappen's gruelling training routine as the 2022 Formula One season grows ever closer. Verstappen will enter the new campaign with a different mentality, starting race one in Bahrain as a champion for the first time. Still, his preparation looks as physically intense as ever. All eyes will be on the 24-year-old and Lewis Hamilton at the start of the 2022 season following their explosive, controversial rivalry last year. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix finale, which led to Michael Masi's dismissal as the FIA's F1 race director, only threw gas onto the fire of a whirlwind several-month-long battle between the pair. And at the dawn of a new era in the sport, the mantle is anyone's to grab, with pre-season unpredictability at an all-time high. JUST IN: Max Verstappen title conditions laid out to keep Lewis Hamilton at bay On Monday, Red Bull Racing posted a video on Twitter of Verstappen stepping up his preparation for the 2022 season at the team's performance centre. The Dutchman is capturing enduring strenuous-looking muscle exercises focusing on his upper core and neck strength. The difficulty of the exercises was etched all over his face as he battled to hit his rep target on three different machines as members of Red Bull's training team spurred him on. He'll be heading into the new campaign knowing the pressure on him to deliver is higher than ever before now he's been added to the wall of champions. But Verstappen faces an even tougher test than winning his maiden crown this season, retaining it against a Hamilton more determined than ever. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton theory tabled by Christian Horner after F1 quit threat The Brit has explained how he's striving to be the 'best you have ever seen' this season as he pursues a record-breaking eighth world title. He said: "If you think that what you saw of me at the end of last year was my best, wait till you see this year. I am putting every ounce of my energy and time into making sure that I'm the best you have ever seen. "I feel great, I feel fit, and I feel that through these sort of experiences, you can turn emotion into strength, into power, and that is what I am doing. I am putting that into my training; I am putting that into my work. "I took time to digest what had happened, which is still difficult to fully understand. But what does not kill you, makes you stronger." This year's drivers will get to properly experience their teams' hard work during the off-season for the first time this week. Barcelona hosts the first of two three-day testing sessions ahead of next month's 2022 curtain-raiser in the Middle East. The second testing session takes place in Bahrain, one week before the first of 23 races on the same track on March 20.