Formula 1 world champion Max Verstappen has hit out at the FIA regarding the sacking of former race director Michael Masi. The Australian was let go following the dramatic and incredibly controversial championship finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December 2021. Verstappen secured a maiden world title in dramatic and controversial circumstances at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after he and title rival Lewis Hamilton went into the season finale at the Yas Marina Circuit tied on points. The Dutchman passed the seven-time world champion - who had dominated for much of the race - on the final lap as a late Safety Car and tyre change swung momentum in his favour. The 24-year-old made the move on the Brit early in the lap and held on to secure the first championship of his career. Mercedes’ fury was largely aimed at Masi after he decided to not allow cars to unlap themselves, as is tradition, only to change his mind for just the cars between the two contenders in order to set up the final lap showdown between Hamilton and Verstappen. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton speaks out on kneeling ban after Norris issues response Masi has been replaced by Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich for the imminent 2022 season, with the duo rotating in the role throughout the year. Speaking at winter testing, Verstappen was frustrated with the decision and insisted the sacking was ‘unacceptable’. “I think it’s not correct,” the Red Bull star said. “Everyone always tries to do the best job and everyone can always use help. “As drivers, we have a whole team behind us always. For me it’s very unfair what happened to Michael because he’s really been thrown under the bus. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton accused of 'attention-seeking' after pre-season silenceHamilton and Verstappen warned about Alonso - 'Sooner or later'Lewis Hamilton shuts down Max Verstappen meet-up after Red Bull trip “Of course, people talk a lot about what was decided in Abu Dhabi, but can you imagine a referee in whatever sport, the coach or equivalent screaming in his ear all the time? ‘That’s a yellow card, red card, no, no decision, no foul’, you know? It’s impossible to make a decision. “So I think in the first place, that F1 already allowed team members to talk to him while making decisions is very wrong, because it needed to be Michael making the decisions on his own without having people screaming in his ear. The people who did, sack him – that in the first place for me is unacceptable. “I find it really incredible. So I feel really sorry for Michael because I think he was a very capable and good race director and I have nothing against the new race directors because I think they’re also very capable and very good race directors. But personally, for Michael, I felt really sad and I sent him a text. [It’s] not the right decision.” Verstappen went on to suggest that Masi was judged harshly as he was the successor to the adored and highly-rated Charlie Whiting, who was in the role for some time before he tragically passed away right before the start of the 2019 F1 season. The Dutchman believes Masi would have made better decisions had he had a more experienced colleague working alongside him. “I do think if he would have maybe put someone next to him after Charlie died – it’s very hard to take over from someone like him, you know, he had so much experience from previous years,” added Verstappen. “I think it would have been the same for Michael so to immediately sack him for me is not the right decision, but I wish him all the best. Whatever comes next and I hope it is better than being an F1 race director.” The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.