The Good Morning Britain host ended Monday's show with a spotlight on the courageous Ukrainian President. The news show tackled all elements of the current affairs in Ukraine, with the host celebrating the country's leader for all of the continued hard work he has put in to defend his country.  After a heavy broadcast on the constant updates on what is happening in eastern Europe, Susanna wanted to share some insight into the Ukrainian leader and his eclectic background. She said: "Before we go this morning, I just want to take a moment to reflect on the hero of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. y"Now, over the weekend, he has been posting defiant videos showing that he will not leave his people, but you may not know about his history." The 44-year-old's route into politics and leadership is somewhat different from a normal person in his position. Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist?   Susanna explained: "He is a comedian, an actor originally, and back in 2006 he was the winner of the Ukrainian version of Strictly Come Dancing, it's called Dancing with The Stars. "In 2014, he was the voice of [The Ukrainian version of] Paddington Bear and our actor Hugh Bonneville who was in that film, has said a personal thank you to him on social media." As Susanna pointed out, viewers might think this was a "weird" connection to make but elaborated on how a writer had pointed out the similarities between his past acting credits and his current situation. She continued: "Writer Etan Smallman has said this is heartbreakingly apt in a tweet.   "Paddington author Michael Bond told me shortly before his death that he had been inspired to create his refugee bear by watching World War Two newsreels showing the terribly sad scenes of people pushing prams with all their belongings down a country road." The broadcaster compared that to the current troubling scenes viewers have witnessed of families and individuals trying to salvage their possessions as they flee their homes. In a case of life imitating art, the host mentioned the leader's final credit before taking on his new role of President. She continued: "In 2015 Zelenskyy played a school teacher who was propelled to the position of President in a TV drama called Servant of the People. DON’T MISS… Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch [LATEST]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap after almost 20 years [SPOILERS]Call The Midwife's Doctor Turner admits falling 'madly in love' with BBC co-star wife [LATEST]   "It was so popular that when he ran as President in 2019, he was elected with 75 percent of the vote. "So from comedian and actor to wartime President, that's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy." Adil Ray also pointed out some residents "believed he had no credibility" at the time of his campaign. He continued to unpack how Putin had, in fact, shown how well equipped he was for the role and how great he was at adapting to everything thrown at him.   