Secretary of State for Defence Ben Wallace spoke to Naga Munchetty on BBC Breakfast on Friday morning following reports of Russian rockets hitting Kiev overnight. Wallace backtracked on his concerns the conflict could escalate into a “proper” war when he was asked about the UK’s response to the attacks, but his comments still drew considerable backlash on Twitter. Munchetty asked Wallace: “We’ve seen reports of some countries cutting diplomatic ties with Russia. Is that under consideration in terms of the UK?” “Not at present,” Wallace assured the BBC presenter. He went on to explain that the UK currently doesn’t have many diplomats present in Russia following the death of Dawn Sturgess from Novichok poisoning. While he suggested Europe’s military powers could meet the threat, Wallace cautioned against taking stronger action in Ukraine. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? “What we don’t want, in this environment, is miscalculation,” he advised. “We do not want an escalation that could trigger a proper war in NATO countries.” Viewers watching live on Friday morning questioned Wallace’s terminology considering the violence actions against Ukraine in the last week. Several members of the audience voiced their complaints on Twitter as they questioned what Wallace would qualify as a “proper war”. Justin De’Ath raged: “Didn’t he say ‘triggering a proper war’? What the hell is happening now then, Call of Duty??” And Ian Mcloone targeted Munchetty’s interview style, adding: "For a @BBCBreakfast presenter not to pick up on that casual throw-away remark by the UK Defence Sec is unforgivable. “The casual nature in which Ukraine has been treated by the west on open display and going unchallenged. This is 'proper war' and Ben Wallace should be ashamed.” Outlining the West’s response to the war further, Wallace eventually double-backed on the term, suggesting he may have misspoke during his initial comments. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 19: Palmer’s daughter makes Gibbs dig [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan on friendship with Caitriona Balfe [INTERVIEW]The Crown loses £150,000 worth of items in burglary [NEWS] He explained: “If the Russians decide to invade a NATO country, under Article Five, that would trigger a NATO military response. “[It could] lead to a proper - you know, not proper because it’s a proper war now in Ukraine - but a war across Europe.” However, many viewers were still shocked that Wallace seemingly considered the current conflict in Ukraine as being of lesser importance than potential war in Europe. Twitter user Sue Wilson fumed: “@BBCBreakfast did Ben Wallace just say he doesn't want a PROPER war in Europe??” “Well there you are Ukraine, that's what the British government thinks about what is happening to you. I am so ashamed of the UK government.” And Jennifer Robinson remarked: “Really telling the UK defence secretary @bwallace just described on @BBCBreakfast a war with NATO countries and Russia as ‘a proper war’ in contrast to war in Ukraine. Said it a few times then corrected himself. Just awful.” Cookie Puss tweeted: “Boom. There you have it. The real value the UK Gov put on the Ukraine situation. Not a ‘proper’ war yet.” @hgasltd defended Wallace, however, and replied: “It's a Ukraine war, not ours. Until Putin crosses into a European country it's not our war, and you should be thanking God it's not.” And Rocksie added: “Prat, looking for any excuse to rubbish a very good interview from a minister pulling no punches in explaining our stance in this current crisis. 'Boom' yourself away mate!” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.