Emma Raducanu’s stalker has been given a five-year restraining order. Amrit Magar, 35, has also been sentenced to community service after he was found guilty by Bromley Crown Court last month.  The court heard he went to the home of the British number one on three separate occasions between November 1 and December 4 last year. Magar, who hails from Harrow, north-west London, located the tennis star’s home by asking locals for directions. He admitted walking an astounding 23 miles to her home and took her father’s shoe which he thought belonged to the US Open champion, as a souvenir. He hung around her home, stole things from their porch, left unwanted gifts and even left a map to show how far he had travelled to reach her property. One of the gifts included a bouquet of flowers and a note that read: “Nothing to say but you deserve love.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu offered private guidance by Andy Murray after latest setback   On Magar’s last visit to the property, he decorated a tree in the front garden with Christmas lights. He was caught by Raducanu’s father, who recognised him from previous visits and followed him by car while calling the police. In her statement, Raducanu expressed the fear she felt and did not want to leave her house as a result. “Since all this has happened I have felt creeped out. I feel very apprehensive if I go out, especially if I am on my own,” the teen said. “Because of this I feel like my freedom has been taken away from me. I am constantly looking over my shoulder. “I feel on edge and worried this could happen again. I don’t feel safe in my own home, which is where I should feel safest.” The world number 12 expressed her desire to move to a new home amid fears her stalker would come looking for her again. “I want to move to a new house with better security because I am worried he might come back as he knows where my home is,” she added. In addition to his restraining order, Magar will spend the next eight weeks under curfew monitored by an electronic tag and will carry out 18-month community service, including 200 hours of unpaid work.  Raducanu endured more struggles on the court as she retired during her opening match in Mexico with a hip injury. Facing Daria Saville, Raducanu was trailing 5-7 7-6 (7-4) 4-3 when she was unable to continue after taking a medical timeout. Saville, ranked 610 in the world, was suffering from cramp in the second set, but recovered to force a deciding set. The Grand Slam winner’s disappointing start to 2022 continued and she suffered her second injury of the year after a hand issue scuppered her hopes of a deep arun at last month’s Australian Open. 