The English and Welsh rugby teams will clash today as part of the Six Nations tournament. It is clear whose side the Duchess of Cambridge will be cheering on, having recently been made the figurehead of English rugby. Prince William might, however, be batting for the other side. The Duke of Cambridge is a patron of the Welsh Rugby Union. Mail royal writer Richard Eden predicted a lively atmosphere in the couple’s household today, as the two sides lock horns on the pitch. He joked: “Surely Welsh Rugby Union patron Prince William would not object to Kate, who recently succeeded Prince Harry as the figurehead of English rugby, playing God Save My Grandmother?” Royal fans responded on Twitter that they were excited to witness rivalries heating up. Rather fittingly, ‘Stormy seas’ wrote: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have always been very competitive with each other.” They added this was “in a very loving way”. Pooja wrote: “Exciting times! “Always look forward to the Cambridges’ fun, light-hearted rivalry when it comes to sports!” READ MORE: William gets political as he takes part in huge Ukraine meeting Tonywalker56 added: “The banter between them will be worth listening to.” The rivalry will be all the more intense at Twickenham Stadium, where the game will be taking place. Kick-off is at 4.45pm. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Reports suggest England and Wales have met for a total of 137 test matches since 1881. England – as Kate is perhaps fond of reminding Prince William – is currently ahead with 65 wins to Wales’s 60. The Duchess of Cambridge took over from Prince Harry’s role earlier this month. Upon becoming patriot on the Rugby Football League and England Ruby, she said: “Two fantastic organisations who are committed to harnessing the power that sport can have in bringing communities together and helping individuals flourish. “I look forward to working with them across all levels of the games, and to cheering England on in what promises to be an exciting year for both sports!”