The German brand said it is hoping to have one third of its sales to be electric vehicles by 2025, and two thirds by 2030. Starting in 2023, Porsche will begin production of electric 718 models at Zuffenhausen in Germany following more than £400million in investment. Before that development, supercar enthusiasts will be focusing on the current range of Porsche’s high end Boxster’s. Mark Frankel, creator of the 888MF YouTube channel, recently purchased a new Porsche 718 Boxster Spyder, calling it “such a beautiful car”. The 718 Boxster, which retails for around £75,000, is a statement car, with Mark planning on using it as his daily driver. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he complimented the car, saying: “It has a mid-engined platform, manual gearbox and the ability to put the roof down to enjoy the elements. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique “It was a huge success from inception, however it was always considered an inferior product when compared to the flagship 911. “The limited production 981 Spyder was given the 3.8 Litre Flat Six from the 911 (991) Carrera S and even though it was detuned to 370bhp it still had a top speed of 180mph and the engine sounded so good. “The clever Spyder roof with two humps also gave the car some extra character and saved some weight too as it had a mechanical operation (rather than electric). “The one thing the 981 Spyder didn’t have was a PDK gearbox, which meant that it wasn’t very practical to use on a daily basis. That left pedal can get rather tiring in traffic. DON'T MISSDrivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [SHOCKING]Major UK city set to ban all vehicles at certain times with £50 fine [WARNING]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT] “Fast forward to 2021 and Porsche has finally launched the new 718 Spyder with the PDK gearbox as an option.” In his latest YouTube video, Mark took his new car for a drive, showing off the shark blue exterior as well as the added full bucket seats. First introduced in 2016 for the 2017 model year, the Porsche 718 Boxster was an homage to the classic Porsche cars used in Formula One in the 1960’s. Legendary drivers like Graham Hill and Stirling Moss used the classic Porsche 718 RSK as a racing vehicle. But in its new, rejuvenated form, the car is one of the most sought after Porsche models on the market. Mr Frankel continued, saying: “This is a highly sought after model and very hard to get your name on the list. “My brother and I got lucky and had a cancelled order through Porsche Hatfield. “We decided to order it in Shark Blue, which is a new colour for the 718 Spyder. “The 718 Spyder has all the modern comforts you’d want in a sports car, electric windows, the option of CarPlay, air conditioning and the PDK gearbox has a sport mode which turns the car into a different animal and louder. “The roof remains a manual affair, taking around 25 seconds to put up or down, but that’s a small price to pay for having such a gorgeous looking car. “We are looking forward to lots of fun in this car with the roof down whenever it is not raining.” In 2021, Porsche recorded the strongest delivery result in the company’s history with 301,915 vehicles provided to customers worldwide.