“Let this be the day where we declare a national war on cancer,” the Health Secretary dramatically said today – this from the man who was too weaselly to push through his policy compelling all NHS staff to have the covid jab. So forgive me if I don’t believe he’s going to cure cancer or make huge inroads into survival rates. But this declaration isn’t just verging on the irresponsible; it's also cruel and will be of no comfort to the 50,000 people who during the pandemic missed vital diagnoses thanks to a chaotic health system that could only cope with one sickness – Covid. And many of those people will now tragically die because their condition wasn’t detected until it was too late. “Cancer survival rates will be the best in Europe,” said Javid as he launched a ten-year plan that lays out how it WANTS cancer care to be – which could be very different to how it actually WILL be. But we’ve heard governments saying this for decades and it just hasn’t happened. And it’s no good blaming our appalling survival rates on the pandemic. That’s been around for just two years – hellishly bad survival rates have been with us for much longer. So what’s going to be different now? In 2013 the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) study said Britain’s cancer survival rates were “unacceptable”. And governments back then promised change. Six years on, in 2019, Britain was at the bottom of the global league for survival rates in high income countries. So things didn’t get better, they got worse. Europe – yes, but our survival rates are not. The latest figures published by the OECD say there were 216 cancer deaths in the UK for every 100,000 people in the UK in 2019. That compares with an OECD average of 118 in Mexico, 178 in America and 180 in Australia. Call me an old cynic but is the timing of Javid’s bold declaration of war a diversionary tactic to take the heat off a flailing Boris? God help him if it is because that would be playing with people’s lives. But the truth is there will be no cure for cancer or anything else until politicians have the guts to say what the problem really is – a chaotic, malfunctioning, wasteful NHS that will never perform efficiently or in the way people deserve until it is completely re-organised. Currently our health service costs more than £2billion a day to run – yep, you read that right – and last year it spent a total of £192billion. But still it’s inefficient, understaffed, wasteful and often negligent. Throughout this pandemic we were all told it was our duty to protect the NHS. And that’s how wrong thinking our attitude has become. Because it’s very definitely not our duty to protect the NHS, it’s the health service’s job to protect us. We pay a fortune in taxes for exactly that. But it isn’t happening. I’m not blaming doctors or nurses for this chaos. They’re just the poor sods caught up in the middle of it all. I blame a system that doesn’t make proper plans, that gets billions thrown at it every year yet squanders the money on everything but frontline patient care. For decades the NHS hasn’t had the staff or the capacity to provide safe, effective care for patients let alone find cures for cancer or help people survive it. And until someone has the guts to take on this wasteful organisation and totally re-organise it nothing is going to change. And it’s rash, not to mention irresponsible, for Javid to promise that cancer care in this country is going to be revolutionised when the UK’s recent cancer history has shown we’re a million miles away from that!