Novak Djokovic has received some good news after admitting he wouldn't be able to play next month's 'Sunshine Double' of Masters 1000 tournaments in the United States. The world No 1 is planning to remain unvaccinated and skip tournaments that require the jab but has now been given the go-ahead to compete in the Rome Masters, a French Open warm-up tournament. Djokovic has only just started his 2022 season in Dubai after being deported from Australia last month. The nine-time Aussie Open champion arrived in Melbourne with a medical exemption to compete in the event but had his visa cancelled twice before he was ultimately deported over the assumption his presence in the country would “excite anti-vax sentiment”. He later gave an in-depth interview to the BBC admitting he would miss the likes of Wimbledon and the French Open if they required full vaccination because his beliefs were more important. But the world No 1 will struggle to play a full season if he remains unvaccinated, and has already admitted he will be unable to enter the United States for the upcoming Masters 1000s in Indian Wells and Miami. JUST IN: Nadal pays tribute to Juan Martin del Potro - 'One of the best'  Having been included on the entry list for Indian Wells, the Serb admitted he wouldn't be able to get into the country to compete when the tournament begins at the start of March. “As of today, not. I can't go, can't enter United States. As of today I'm not able to play," he said, speaking after his return to tennis in Dubai. “But let's see what happens. I mean, maybe things change in the next few weeks.” The 20-time Grand Slam champion remains limited in the tournaments he can play and will likely suffer a reduced schedule this season but will have one event in his sights after being given the green light to play. DON’T MISSEmma Raducanu injury: Brit forced to retire in Guadalajara OpenAlexander Zverev kicked out of Mexican Open for hitting umpire chairEmma Raducanu won't win 'another Grand Slam any time soon'  Italian government officials have already confirmed that Djokovic will be able to play the Italian Open in May, where he is a five-time former champion. The clay-court 1000-point event is one of three Masters tournaments held in the lead-up to Roland Garros alongside Monte Carlo and Madrid, with the Monte Carlo tournament director already admitting the Serb may be unable to play unvaccinated despite living in Monaco. But Italy’s cabinet undersecretary for sports said last week that Djokovic could play the Italian Open because tennis is an “outdoor sport”, even if he would not be able to stay in a hotel under current Covid restrictions for unvaccinated citizens and foreign nationals. With the tournament running from May 2 to May 15, Valentina Vezzali also admitted there was no vaccine mandate expected to be in place at the time of the event.  It might not be smooth sailing for Djokovic at the tournament though, as Vezzali's comments have already drawn criticism before the No 1 has even been able to confirm his participation. Italy's Olympic Committee president revealed he had been inundated with emails full of backlash, and told Italian broadcaster RAI that "it absolutely wouldn’t be right" for last year's runner-up to compete. “Even if [he] showers in a camper and eat and sleep in improvised situations, the message is totally wrong," Giovanni Malago said.