The world of James Bond is changing after the legendary Daniel Craig stepped down from the role following his fifth film No Time To Die. Now the Bond odds have been predicting who is going to take over from the 53-year-old, with the latest name being none other than the leader of the Peaky Blinders himself, Tommy Shelby. Shelby is played by Cillian Murphy, who has enjoyed some notable credits in Hollywood including Christopher Nolan's Batman movies, 28 Days Later, and A Quiet Place Part II. But Irish-born Murphy did not seem that interested in becoming the latest actor to play 007. The actor previously explained: "The thing about it is, if you say anything about Bond it becomes the headline, right?" (Via The Guardian) Murphy is currently 45-years-old, so is more or less an ideal age to play the iconic character. What's more, Murphy has spent a lot of time in his career playing a few tough guys. Of course, the toughest of them all is Tommy Shelby, who he has played for over four seasons now. Also the Birmingham gangster is used to staying suited up and doused in alcohol, much like 007 himself, so the role could be perfect for him. But Murphy revealed why he didn't want to join the film series. READ MORE: Next Bond: Peaky Blinders star surges past competition Despite these similarities, Murphy revealed in 2019: "There’s two things I’ll say about that. Firstly, there’s a whole other industry which is completely separate from the film side of things, and that’s the bookies." Murphy added: "The second thing I’d say is that I think it should be a woman, which rules me out." The debate surrounding a female Bond taking over from Craig has been raging on for months. Lashana Lynch came close in No Time To Die, as she took over the codename 007 once Bond went AWOL. Unfortunately, the odds don't land in any female actor's favour just yet. Instead, Murphy has joined the rankings of the most-likely Bond stars, including Tom Hardy. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: Henry Cavill's tables turn in 007 race [INFO]Next James Bond: Daniel Craig replacement switch-up after big change [INSIGHT]James Bond streaming: Is No Time To Die on Netflix? [WATCH] Murphy was recently awarded 16/1 to take over from Craig as 007 by Ladbrokes. This boost in bets is likely a reaction to the news that Peaky Blinders' final season is due to hit TV screens later this month. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "Peaky Blinders fans won't have to wait long for the return of Tommy Shelby and co, and the latest odds suggest Cillian Murphy's next big role could come in the shape of 007." This places him just behind Outlander actor Sam Heughan, who has 14/1. But the Peaky Blinders star is still a ways behind the biggest names at the top of the list. Currently, the next Bond frontrunners are Henry Cavill and Regé-Jean Page. The two Netflix actors share a hefty 5/2, making them the favourites at the moment. But just behind them is extremely popular actor Hardy, who has an impressive 4/1. As Murphy's commitments wane after the end of Peaky Blinders, will he be more open to joining the 007 series? SOURCE