The PS5 has come back in stock once again today, with BT customers next in line to purchase the in-demand latest PlayStation console from Sony. The new PS5 restock went live on the BT website this morning, with BT broadband customers that have a valid access code able to purchase the PlayStation 5. A range of purchase options are available including a PS5 on its own or a range of bundles, including one with the latest must-have Sony exclusive Horizon Forbidden West. At the time of writing the PS5 on its own is sold out at BT but other bundles priced from £518.98 to £598.95 are in stock and available to buy. If you want to head to the BT website to order a PS5 then click here to be directed to the page you need to visit. The PS5 BT restock is only available online on the BT website, so you won't be able to purchase the PlayStation 5 via the MyBT app or over the phone. It's also only available on a first come first serve basis so if you're looking to get a PS5 with BT then you need to act quick. READ MOREHorizon Forbidden West update 1.05 patch notes: PS4, PS5 game to get even better looking  At the time of writing, here are the PS5 purchase options still available on the BT website... - PS5 console and Horizon Forbidden West - £518.98 - PS5 console, extra DualSense constroller and PS Plus - £558.97 - PS5 console, extra DualSense controller and Horizon Forbidden West - £578.97 - PS5 console, extra DualSense controller and Pulse 3D headset - £598.95 To order a PS5 from BT, broadband customers need to have a valid voucher code. You can find out if you have the necessary code by logging into your BT account. DON'T MISSElden Ring pre-order and best release date deals on FromSoftware's essential RPG  The latest BT PS5 restock comes after PlayStation Direct and Amazon UK both opened orders once again for the PlayStation 5 this week. While in the past few days gamers have also been given another reason to try to purchase a PS5. This week Sony officially lifted the lid on its PSVR 2 headset, showcasing the design of the virtual reality headset for the first time alongside the previously revealed controllers. In a blog post explaining what gamers can expect from PSVR 2, Sony said: "When PS VR2 launches, it’ll take a giant leap forward in the way we play games in virtual reality. There are plenty of exciting new features to look forward to in the PS VR2 system, including stunning visual fidelity in 4K HDR and state-of-art graphical rendering, enhanced tracking such as inside-out camera tracking, new PlayStation VR2 Sense Technology features such as headset feedback, and the new, intuitive PS VR2 Sense controller that creates an incredibly deep feeling of immersion. Additionally, the PS VR2 system comes in a simple, single cord set up so you can connect to your games immediately."  