Karen Khachanov has called out the ATP for describing Novak Djokovic’s victory as a “masterclass”. The Russian was defeated by the world No 1 in the second round of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships on Wednesday but didn’t go down without a fight as he challenged Djokovic in the second set and forced a tiebreak. Khachanov was facing Djokovic for the sixth time, with his only win over the Serb coming in the 2018 Paris Masters final. The world No 1 is currently playing his first tournament of the season after he was deported from Australia last month and unable to compete in the first Grand Slam of 2022. He got off to a quick start against the Russian and took the opening set 6-3 in 32 minutes but Khachanov didn’t make it easy in the second. Djokovic went a break up early in the second set but the world No 26 was finally able to get himself back on serve at 4-4, then holding in a seven-minute game to lead 5-4. JUST IN: Russian star Rublev shares Ukraine support with 'no to war' post  The 25-year-old was close to forcing a decider at 30-30 when Djokovic was serving at 4-5 but it went to a tiebreak and the Serb managed to run away with it, taking it 7-2 to win the match 6-3 7-6(2). The ATP Tour then shared the five-time Dubai champion’s victory on their Instagram account, using the caption: “A masterclass from Novak Djokovic”. Khachanov clearly wasn’t a fan of the wording used in the caption, accusing the admin of failing to watch his clash with Djokovic. “@atptour I think you didn’t follow the match to call it a masterclass,” he commented, adding a shrugging Emoji. DON’T MISSRafael Nadal comes through 'strange match' to set new career recordMurray identifies issue holding him back and makes career predictionNadal weighs in on Zverev after horrifying Mexico Open outburst  Djokovic himself had admitted that the world No 26 had made it difficult for him in the second set. “Of course there were [nerves],” the 20-time Major champion said in his on-court interview after the match. “I mean it’s part of professional sport, obviously feeling tired, motivated but at the same time also stressed, especially in the moments where you’re facing a break point.” The ATP Tour Instagram account is yet to reply to Khachanov’s jibe but his comment has racked up 800 likes and counting so far. While the Russian is now out of the tournament, his opponent Djokovic is in a fight to hold onto the world No 1 ranking this week. He could lose the top spot to Daniil Medvedev, who is the top seed in the other ATP 500 event being held this week in Acapulco. But another Russian has made it to the last four, with world No 5 Andrey Rublev defeating Mackenzie McDonald to make the Dubai semi-final for a second successive year. He was forced to come from a set down against the American before getting through 2-6 6-3 6-1 and will take on Hubert Hurkacz in the last-four.