After Storm Dudley, Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin battered the UK with fierce winds, torrential rain and heavy snow, another weather system is being closely monitored by forecasters. Blizzards, fierce winds and sleet are forecast to hit the country as soon as today with Met Office warnings in place - but where exactly will feel the force of the storm? Met Office weather warnings are in place across the top half of the UK, spreading across into Northern Ireland. The Met Office warns: "Temperatures across Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to drop sharply following a squally band of rain on Wednesday." The affected areas are Central, Tayside and Fife, Highlands and Eilean Siar, Northern Ireland, SW Scotland, Lothian Borders and Strathclyde. Warnings are in place from 1pm today until 3pm on Thursday. Read More: Brits brace for 'blizzard conditions' as Met Office issues 2 warnings The Met Office states: “Frequent heavy snow showers are expected, along with very gusty winds and a small chance of frequent lightning affecting some places.” Elsewhere will feel cold, however many central and southern areas of England will be dry with some sunshine. Heading northwards, it will be windy, with showers and some longer spells of rain, some heavy, clearing to wintry showers in the far north later. Weather maps from WXCharts show temperatures plummeting, with charts turning blue with cold on Thursday. Netweather temperature maps show cold weather continuing through to the weekend, while snow forecast maps show swathes of the UK covered. Snow risk maps from Netweather show the possibility of snow on Friday not just across Scotland, but spreading across the North West of England, down through Wales and the Midlands. For today, Met Office forecaster Alex Deakin said that it will be frosty start with some bright skies before rain comes. He said: “All the time the winds are picking up and we are a bit concerned about the winds coming over the Pennines and increasing the gusts and so across the far north east of England and into Scotland we could see gusts of 50mph, possibly for a time 60mph and after recent storms that could cause some disruption. "The colder weather is arriving behind the next cold front and that is the next area for concern as we see the weather turning more and more wintry in the North West. The snow showers coming down increasingly to lower levels as we go through the day. “We could easily see 2cm to 5cm (of snow) even at low levels in this yellow warning area but maybe as much as 7cm to 10cm and over hills easily 20cm and maybe 30cm." However not everywhere will see these flurries, with Mr Deakin describing them as "hit and miss". He added winds will "whip up again" specifically "for Northern Ireland and western Scotland on the coasts, 60mph, maybe in exposed areas 70mph winds." "So again we could see some disruption from that, after structures have been weakened but also it is going to blow the snow around so we are going to see blizzards, we are going to see some pretty horrible driving conditions if you get caught in one of those heavy snow showers.”