However, this principled decision will not be pain-free for European consumers. We have already been facing steep rises in the price of gas and now face the prospect of further increases. At a time of rampant inflation, this will hurt all the more. We surely now have no choice but to use our own shale gas reserves to protect ourselves from the implications of these developments. How on earth can it be entertained for much longer that we will simply turn up our noses at a golden chance for greater energy independence, high-skilled jobs and the prospect of lower prices for gas? It is cruel, and it leaves us weaker in opposing Putin’s aggression. Now has to be the moment to end the shale gas moratorium and show a continent that it does not have to be so reliant on Russian gas. Many in Whitehall are still defending this incoherent policy. Their go-to argument is that shale gas will not make any difference to prices because there is a global market for gas, but this doesn’t justify the continuing moratorium and it does not explain the huge difference between gas prices in Europe and the USA.  It also makes a complete mockery of the concept of ‘levelling up’ if we decide at this moment to deny the Red Wall this golden opportunity. That 75,000 prospective jobs, dreams, livelihoods, and with it a healthy amount of tax to the Treasury can be cancelled on a whim like this, is appalling. Perversely, whilst reducing domestic gas production by half over the past twenty years, we’ve similarly reduced gas storage with the closure of Centrica’s Rough storage field in 2017. We’re now left with a mere 3 days of storage capacity and with it the ability to buy when cheap to smooth short-term price hikes. Investing in greater storage capacity, alongside increasing our own domestic gas production, can make us less reliant on imported LNG, which has a far higher CO2 footprint across production, refrigeration and transport and give us greater access to forward contracts for gas that ensure price stability. Of course, people are free to speculate as to how much of an impact shale gas would have on prices, but this doesn’t justify a ban on any conceivable basis. It is not for politicians to guess what might happen to prices; you’d have thought our experience of the 1970s and the collapsed command economies around the world would have taught us that. No, it is for the market to discover. Grass-roots Conservatives know this and are dismayed by the direction the Government is taking.  The shale gas moratorium cannot be justified on any scientific basis either. In 2012, the Royal Society published the results of its review into hydraulic fracturing, which assessed whether shale gas could be managed safely and effectively here in the UK. The report had been commissioned by Chief Scientific Adviser at the time, Sir John Beddington FRS, and it debunked many of the conspiracy theories associated with the technology. On the issue of potential earthquakes, the findings were clear: “seismic risks are low”. Any seismicity induced by hydraulic fracturing, the report concluded, is likely to be of smaller magnitude than the UK’s largest natural seismic events and those induced by coal mining. Many every-day occurrences will create more noticeable tremors than any that have been caused by fracking. It is also worth remembering that 1.7 million wells in the U.S. have now been completed, safely, while creating jobs for hundreds of thousands of Americans, and supporting those of many more. We need to ask ourselves a serious question – would we prefer to help finance new tanks and missiles for an ever more belligerent President Putin, who threatens Ukraine funded by gas sold to Europe, or consider any minor inconveniences and the many economic benefits of domestic gas production as infinitely preferable? This self-indulgent and puritanical refusal to use our own shale gas is costing us more with every day that passes. Far from saving the planet this is actually increasing our emissions from imported LNG, while leaving us weaker economically and geopolitically. The alternative is staring us in the face, or at least it’s right under our feet. It’s time to lead the way and extend the benefits of the shale gas revolution across Europe. 