Experts at Buymymotorhome.com have found the average second-hand motorhome increased by around 13.86 percent in the past 12 months. This works out an average rise of over £4,000 as drivers battle to secure one for staycation trips. The increase is over four percent higher than a 9.8 percent increase in house prices, as reported by Halifax. Natalie Drewery, Operations Director at Buymymotorhome.com said the rise in used costs was because new models “can’t be produced”. She added drivers wanting a new motorhome were having to sit in “longer waiting lists” which had boosted demand for second-hand models. Ms Drewery said: “​​Motorhomes have experienced a huge increase in public interest over the past few years. READ MORE: Motorhome owner fined over car tax error because 'M' looked like 'W' “It has been fantastic to see so many people embracing the opportunity to travel that motorhomes provide. “The growth was initially as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic which boosted the popularity of staycations. “But, after two years of experiencing limited freedoms, many are easily frustrated by the feeling of being trapped in the house. “As a result, the idea of escaping the day-to-day and exploring the world has become even more appealing. DON'T MISSMotorhome owners reminded of rule change when driving in Europe [INSIGHT]Caravan prices set for ‘massive’ surge in 2022 [COMMENT]Caravan owners warned of theft risk as experts praise basic safety tip [ANALYSIS] “The motorhome industry has also seen rising second-hand prices due to the worldwide microchip shortage. “Much like a car, many of the mechanical and electrical functions of a motorhome are controlled by computer chips, which builders are struggling to get a hold of. “So new motorhomes either can’t be produced, or are seeing longer waiting lists. "Leading to more demand for a used vehicle, increasing prices across the board.” The research found interest in used motorhomes has surged across most areas of the UK. The area with the largest increase was Derby which saw a 122 percent increase in purchases over the past year. Stoke-on-Trent was not too far behind with a 100 percent rise in used sales over the past 12 months. Exeter was also up with a 91.7 percent rise in second-hand motorhome sales since last year. Auto-Trail remains the most popular motorhome brand for the second year running. Volkswagen has risen to joint second after rising three places from fifth in 2020. Sharing second place with Volkswagen is Swift, the UK’s largest manufacturer of touring caravans and motorhomes.