Friederike Böge, political correspondent in China, North Korea and Mongolia for German newspaper Faz, said Chinese internet is "full of pro-Russian voices" amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mr Böge added that some people on social media refer to the Russian leader as "Putin the Great", while a Chinese translation of his speech declaring war racked up millions of likes online. Writing for Faz, Mr Böge said: "President Vladimir Putin, who is praised by some as 'Putin the Great', is particularly admired. "A Chinese translation of his speech declaring war on Ukraine received more than 2.3 million 'likes'. "One particularly popular comment on it read, 'You (Putin) don't have to explain anymore, I understand. China's stance is my stance'. "Another user wrote that the 'great speech' had moved him deeply. "The speech by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selensky to the Russian people, on the other hand, can hardly be found on the Chinese network Weibo." Mr Böge said Chinese state media avoids using the words "invasion" and "attack" in coverage of the war. He added that state media did not initially report that Putin had put its nuclear forces on "special alert". READ MORE: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely'  Mr Böge also said Beijing is using the war to "further inflame anti-American sentiment in the country". He said: "The war narratives cement a worldview in which other countries are mere pawns in the great American game." Mr Böge said people who are critical of Russia's invasion are censored online. DON'T MISSRussia allies and enemies: Why China could be Putin's key friend [ANALYSIS]Hell on Kyiv streets as sky lights up after massive explosion [INSIGHT]Air raid sirens: How would UK be notified of an attack in 2022? [EXPLAINED] He said: "Those minorities who criticise the Russian attack on the Internet or distribute videos of anti-war demonstrations are censored." Mr Böge's comments come as China has grown increasingly close to Moscow in recent years. Chinese leader Xi Jinping met with Putin in Beijing earlier this month. China has refused to either condemn or endorse Russia's actions, despite its insistence on upholding national sovereignty above all. Meanwhile, Russia has faced widespread condemnation from the West and has been hit by crippling sanctions. Russia and Ukraine met on Monday for ceasefire talks near the Belarusian border as Moscow's assault failed to make as much ground as some had expected. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 