Kyiv has been sustaining a barrage of fire since Russia's soldiers renewed their attempts to take over Ukraine's capital on Saturday. The city has been taking on shelling and heavy missile fire for hours, with residents seeking shelter in subway stations as Ukrainian soldiers hit back incessantly. Horrifying footage has since emerged showing a missile hitting a tall residential building in the centre of Kyiv passing the building from side to side and causing a huge explosion. The video shows the moment the missile approaches the building before crashing into it, causing a cloud of billowing smoke to erupt from the impact point. According to news agency Nexta, the heavily-damaged building is located on Lobanovsky Avenue, in Kyiv's Solon'Yans'Kyi district. A distressed resident said he and his family had managed to get out following the attack but both his wife and son had broken legs. Ukraine's Ministry of Internal Affairs drew stark parallels between the attack on the building and 9/11, sharing a picture of the Lobanovsky Avenue home juxtaposed with a picture of the burning One Trade Centre. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy was defiant as he shared a video of himself in Kyiv to dismiss claims suggesting he had abandoned the capital. He said: "We will not put down weapons, we will defend our state." After weeks of warnings from Western leaders, Vladimir Putin invaded from the north, east, and south, an attack that threatens to upend Europe's post-Cold War order. He claimed he had to eliminate what he called a serious threat to his country from its smaller neighbour and he cited the need to "denazify" Ukraine's leadership, accusing it of genocide against Russian speakers in eastern Ukraine. Kyiv and its Western allies dismiss the accusations as baseless propaganda. READ MORE: Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia trying to link Ukraine with GB occupation  At the United Nations, Russia vetoed a draft Security Council resolution deploring its invasion, while China abstained, which Western countries took as proof of Russia's isolation. The United Arab Emirates and India also abstained while the remaining 11 members voted in favour. The White House asked Congress for $6.4 billion in security and humanitarian aid for the crisis, officials said, and Biden instructed the US State Department to release $350 million in military aid. Ukrainian authorities have urged citizens to help defend Kyiv from the advancing Russians. DON'T MISS:Fifth of cars speeding when passing schools [INSIGHT]Putin faces military humiliation –support dwindling [REPORT]Show host mocked after saying holiday ruined by Putin [COMMENT] Russia's defence ministry said their forces used air and ship-based cruise missiles to carry out overnight strikes on military targets in Ukraine, Interfax said. Some families took cover in shelters and hundreds of thousands have left their homes to find safety, according to a UN aid official. Kyiv said more than 1,000 Russian soldiers had been killed. Russia did not release casualty figures. President Zelenskiy said late on Thursday that 137 soldiers and civilians been killed with hundreds wounded. Ukrainians voted overwhelmingly for independence at the fall of the Soviet Union and Kyiv hopes to join NATO and the EU - aspirations that infuriate Moscow.