Carl Wilding, a quantity surveyor from Swanwick, went out for a birthday meal in Nottingham city centre on February 11. The 39-year-old drove his partner's car and used the RingGo app to pay to park on Wollaton Road at around 7:45pm, but mistakenly put in his own car's registration, resulting in a fine. He said his registration details were automatically stored in the app and paid the £7.40 for the parking ticket, calling it “an honest mistake”. Mr Wilding said he tried to appeal the £25 parking fine, although this was rejected. He added: “When I got back I had parking tickets and it dawned on me what I had done, I wasn't too happy. "It's a penalty on me for a simple error, I'd happily accept the fine if I hadn't paid for parking, it feels unjust. READ MORE: ‘Telltale’ road sign to stop you colliding with falling trees "I can prove I paid for parking and I'm a little annoyed to be honest. "I've told them I won't be visiting Nottingham as often now. “I'm just really disappointed that they've upheld it, it's unfair and we are being penalised. "I want to make people aware and just be mindful. I'm seriously disappointed," he told Nottinghamshire Live. DON'T MISSDrivers call for E10 petrol to be scrapped [COMMENT]Record used car prices to continue this year [ANALYSIS]Drivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [SHOCKING] The driver has 14 days to pay the £25 fine or it will increase, but Mr Wilding feels motorists are being penalised. Hugh Bladon, one of the founding members of the Alliance of British Drivers, called the situation “absurd”. Mr Bladon continued, saying: “The fact it was a genuine mistake and he put in the wrong registration, anyone with common sense would say okay fair enough and penalise him. "It's an honest mistake and we all do it, we make mistakes, we are human beings. It's fairly absurd and it's not fair. "Motorists are easy targets to grab more money from, it makes life more intolerable and more expensive." A spokesperson for Nottingham City Council told Express.co.uk: “RingGo app users are asked to confirm details before paying for the parking session and if the details entered don’t match the vehicle that’s parked, unfortunately the payment isn’t valid. "Mr Wilding can choose to pay the penalty charge notice at the reduced rate of £25 up to March 8, but the option to appeal is still open to him. “He can wait for a Notice to Owner to make a formal representation against the PCN and, if it is further upheld at that point, he has the opportunity to take it to the Traffic Penalty Tribunal. A spokesperson for RingGo said: “When paying for parking via any mobile app, the driver is responsible for ensuring their vehicle registration number is entered correctly. "Mistakes happen, so RingGo does ask users to re-confirm details and offers a grace period for drivers to correct their registration details after they’ve paid to park. If the wrong details are entered and the driver doesn’t correct them, they are liable to receive a parking penalty charge notice (PCN). "If this happens, PCNs will only ever be issued by the parking operator - in this case, Nottingham City’s parking enforcement team. A cashless parking payment provider like RingGo cannot issue or overturn a PCN. “As already seems to be the case in this instance, the driver can reach out to the parking operator to explain the mistake and ask for the fine to be reconsidered – the relevant contact details are always listed on the parking charge notice. However, as RingGo cannot issue PCNs, we can’t support the appeals process – this needs to be resolved between the driver and the operator." Express.co.uk has contacted RingGo for further comment. 