Arsenal target Jonathan David is reportedly determined to leave Lille this summer, handing the Gunners the perfect incentive to strike a deal at the end of the season - providing they qualify for the Champions League. The Canadian international centre-forward has made quite a name for himself since arriving in Europe with Belgian side Genk in 2018 from Ottawa Internationals. After striking 30 goals in two seasons in the Belgian Pro League, Lille came calling and swooped to seal a £25million transfer. David has continued to develop at a rapid rate and after helping fire Lille to the Ligue 1 title in his first season in France, a host of clubs - including Liverpool - started to take notice. Arsenal technical director Edu is a big fan of David, who has worked his way onto the Gunners' transfer shortlist. The Brazilian is understood to have met with David's reps in December to discuss a potential deal. READ MORE: Arsenal 'offered chance to sign Joao Felix' after 'agreeing' Dusan Vlahovic transfer Now there has been an extra boost for Arsenal with Sky Germany now reporting that David definitely wants out of Lille this summer. Reporter Florian Plettenburg tweeted: "Update Jonathan David: The 22 y/o striker wants to leave Lille in summer. No release clause. "Sources expect a price tag around €45-55m. His new club should play Champions League next season. No contact with NUFC so far. Too expensive for the Bundesliga." Defending Ligue 1 champions Lille have put up an embracing title defence and currently sit eighth in the table. David wants to play regular Champions League football though and that is now set to become a key condition of any move to The Emirates Stadium. Other clubs could also enter the fray though with the 22-year-old now considered to be one of the brightest attacking prospects on the continent. Mikel Arteta was hopeful of landing Juventus frontman Dusan Vlahovic in January after he turned down the chance to extend his stay with Fiorentina. Arsenal believed they had a deal in place for the Serbian but the striker was not willing to move to north London - instead favouring Juve. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Gunners do have other options on their radar though, one of which is Atletico Madrid's Joao Felix. He could be up for grabs this summer with wholesale changes expected at the Wanda Metropolitano. Other alternatives include Alexander Isak, who has a release clause in the region of £70m at Real Sociedad. Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin also has admirers at the club.