Princess Charlene made her voice heard for the first time in several weeks as she continues her recovery at a treatment facility in an undisclosed European country. The wife of Prince Albert of Monaco released a statement after she was turned into a manga character by producer and writer Cédric Biscay. Mr Biscay is the creator and co-writer of the manga Blitz, which follows the adventure of a young high school student, Tom, who gets into chess to impress his love interest. Princess Charlene appears as herself in the sixth volume of the popular manga, and can be seen in a total of four pages. In her latest statement, the Monegasque royal said to have been aware of Mr Biscay's work and to have been enthusiastically on board with his idea to feature her on Blitz' pages. She told Le Parisien: "I am delighted with the release of the sixth volume of Blitz, magnificently enhanced by Garry Kasparov and drawn by Daitaro Nishihara. "The idea of participating in the Blitz adventure immediately attracted me, and I thank Cédric Biscay for inviting me to discover the manga world." Charlene's character can be first spotted in the newly-released issue of Blitz outside a Monte Carlo casino. There, donning a typically fashionable and sleek outfit paired with oversized sunglasses, she speaks to two children taking part in a chess tournament. Mr Biscay spoke about the lengthy process of turning the princess into a manga character. READ MORE: Prince George sends fans into meltdown with naughty move at rugby He said: "Of course, I asked for her consent to appear in Blitz, and I went through the formal process. "It was about a year ago. She immediately accepted. "She later was able to see the comic and did not ask for any change." Charlene isn't the only member of the Monegasque royal family to have appeared in Blitz. Rather, Prince Albert was featured in the fourth volume of the manga, with his character trying to arrange a chess tournament in Monaco. Albert and Charlene joined other royals among those turned into manga characters for the pages of Blitz - including Queen Victoria, Queen Elizabeth I and Princess Diana. Charlene's statement comes one month after she shared her latest Instagram post, the platform from which she normally communicates with her fans. Her last message is dated January 25 and is a birthday message dedicated to her by her foundation. One month prior, she expressed her sadness following the death of Archbishop Desmond Tutu. Princess Charlene has experienced health issues in the past months. In May, after developing a severe ENT infection during her stay in South Africa to carry out conservation work, she remained stuck in the country for six months. During that time, Charlene had to undergo several medical visits and procedures to allow her to heal and to be able to get on a plane. The princess was eventually reunited with her family in November. But, despite her return to the principality, Charlene did not resume her royal duties. In mid-November, Prince Albert revealed his wife had taken the decision to be admitted to a treatment facility in the wake of the difficult months she had experienced. The prince said, shortly after her trip back to Monaco, it had become clear Charlene was suffering from "exhaustion, both emotional and physical". The Monegasque palace has since issued two reassuring statements, in which they said Charlene was recovering in an "encouraging way" - but her treatment was expected to last for "several weeks".