Disgruntled Manchester United supporters should be aiming criticism towards the players, not Ralf Rangnick, according to Owen Hargreaves. United failed to score in a goalless stalemate against relegation-bound Watford at Old Trafford on Sunday, and it was the same old story in front of goal. Rangnick's side lost further ground in their bid for a top-four finish after a frustrating display of wastefulness in M16. United accumulated an xG of 2.53, indicating that they should've scored at least two goals based on the quality of their chances. But fans, riled up at the ground and online, didn't need data to understand that, in a game that resembled recent disappointment against Burnley and Southampton. JUST IN: Seaman delivers surprise verdict on Marcelo Bielsa leaving Leeds Saturday's result unsurprisingly prompted routine criticism towards Rangnick, who has lost just one league game as United boss. But Hargreaves has leapt to the German coach's defence, pointing the blame at his players for recent struggles. He told Premier League Productions: "They're playing a lot better under Ralf. They really are. If anybody thinks Ralf's the problem, then they're not watching properly. "The players are the ones responsible on the pitch, and they've got to take those chances when they're there." READ MORE: Roman Abramovich's big question he still has to answer at Chelsea And Hargreaves slammed United's continued wastefulness in front of goal against Watford, suggesting it would've been a different story with past players on the pitch. "Probably on another day, they could have won four or five-nil. Probably four or five years ago, they would have won four or five-nil with the chances they created," Hargreaves explained. "Goalscoring has been a huge issue for United this season; I think they've got 20 less than Man City and 25 than Liverpool. That's the big thing today; you've got to win that game. The chances are there. "They'll be devastated because that top-four race is so important to the football club, but they just can't convert their chances." After dropping two more points, United remain in fourth on 47 points but could soon plummet down the European spots. Arsenal are currently best-placed to make their Champions League return, two points behind the Red Devils with three games in hand. Tottenham also have two games in hand and would leapfrog United if they were to win both of them. Long story short, it's out of United's hands, and they now need other results to go their way. But more importantly, they must rediscover their scoring touch to avoid Europa League football next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here