Peaky Blinders actress Natasha O'Keeffe plays fan favourite Lizzy Shelby and has revealed the new season will be "emotional". Elizabeth "Lizzie" Shelby is the second wife of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and has assured fans she is there until the very end. The Jekyll and Hyde actress will definitely have a strong presence in the show's concluding season, which has already been tipped to be "dark" and more dramatic than its previous outings. Joining the show in 2019, Lizzy is the mother to Ruby Shelby (Heaven-Leigh Clee) and stepmother to Thomas' elder son, Charles Shelby (Jenson Clarke), and as fans will know, Tommy has his work cut out for him this season. As a strong female character in the show, she is a former prostitute who went on to work for the Shelby Family and became Thomas' assistant. Without revealing too much, she opened up on the final season: "It was very intense. Read More:Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist?  "It was such a surreal season – losing Helen, filming with Covid restrictions and then the darkness of the story." The star hasn't really had time to stop and reflect as she has been busy filming the second season of Amazon Prime's Wheel of Time in Prague. Talking to the Radio Times, she added: "I can't give anything away, so let's just say that there were tears because of the scene itself and more tears because it was the end of the series." The 35-year-old also mentioned that she knew the show was a success when fans started to dress as they had seen in the show. "I knew Peaky Blinders had gone global when I saw men coming out of the barber's with Tommy Shelby undercuts," she joked. She continued: "I've joked about Lizzie losing the plot entirely and getting an undercut, but I can reveal that it didn't happen." Lizzie and Thomas' relationship was strained in season five with his hallucination of his dead wife Grace (Annabelle Wallis), wreaking havoc with his mental state. It is unsure if Grace will be popping up again to tempt him to cause more chaos. DON’T MISS… Jane McDonald second husband: Why did cruising star split from Henrik Brixen?[LATEST] ‘She made the right choice’ Call the Midwife boss opens up on beloved character's exit [LATEST] Death in Paradise's Neville Parker's exit sealed in Florence reunion twist? [LATEST]  The show's official channels are teasing viewers with new images, fan artwork and video clips in the build-up to the premiere at the end of February. Terry Prest tweeted: "Please do more seasons, we have waited so long for a Decent TV show to come along & now are hooked on Peaky Blinders, it the Best show on TV." Ahead of the new season airing, Cally Reade started the show from the start to get back in the zone: "Can't wait!!! Started to rematch from the beginning of series 1 last night, forced myself to stop at the end of the series at 2AM this morning!" The show couldn't return soon enough for @iTzDynamic: "I have been waiting for such a long time to see Tommy Shelby in action once again."   Cheerleader Riona_Murchadha commented: "I absolutely love #PeakyBlinders and I'm devastated this will be the last season. "The show is so well done, and #CillianMurphy and #PaulAnderson are amazing in their roles. Peaky Blinders season five is currently available to stream on BBC iPlayer and Netflix. Season six airs on Saturday February 27 at 9pm on BBC.