Law and Order season 21 makes its NBC debut on February 24 and the TV crime drama features some familiar faces. Sam Waterston’s Jack McCoy and Anthony Anderson’s Kevin Bernard are making a comeback but there could be another fan-favourite on the scene. Actor Waterston dropped a hint about a female character rejoining the cast. The original police procedural series has been airing since 1990 and a number of spin-offs have been released since. The show was supposed to end with the 20th season back in May 2010, but in September 2021 a revival was announced. Many famous faces have come and gone over the years, working on a few seasons at a time before making their exit. Speaking to Variety about the new season, Waterston said: "The hope and expectation is that there will be a wonderful surprise every week." He hinted at the return of another character but could not specify who. READ MORE: Law and Order reboot trailer sparks frenzy as fan-favourites confirmed The star added they were "one of my favourite people on Earth” and that “you’ll be glad when you see her". Fans have been wracking their brains over who could be stepping back into their role. Leslie Hendrix played medical examiner Elizabeth Rodgers for 19 seasons. Elisabeth Röhm starred as ADA Serena Southerlyn for seasons 12 to 15. There was also Carolyn McCormick, who played doctor Elizabeth Olivet in the original series as well as a number of the spin-offs. Another name that has been thrown into the mix is Angie Harmon, who portrayed ADA Abbie Carmichael in seasons nine and 11. Abbie was an assistant district attorney who replaced Jamie Ross (played by Carey Lowell). She left the series in the episode Deep Vote when she accepted an offer to join the US Attorney's office in New York. Harmon chose to leave as she was unhappy with the work-life balance and spending time away from her then-husband. She also felt the character was unable to grow or take any further direction. DON'T MISS... Why did Paul Sorvino leave Law and Order as Phil Cerreta? [INSIGHT] Why did Angie Harmon leave Law and Order as Abbie Carmichael? [EXPLAINER] Law and Order exit: Why did Benjamin Bratt leave Law and Order? [INSIGHT] Although the door has been left open in the sense she was not killed off, the actress has not expressed any interest in returning. She wanted to turn her attention to the big screen and proceeded to star in a few films. According to Law & Order: 20 Years of Arresting Drama, she requested that her character be killed off in a dramatic exit. From this, it seems she had her sights set on a clean break from the show. The 49-year-old has spent recent years directing and producing on various projects. The star's current projects include Buried in Barstow and Cellmate Secrets. There has been no indication of when the original character will make their comeback. New faces include Camryn Manheim as Kate Dixon, Jeffrey Donovan as Frank Cosgrove, Hugh Dancy as senior prosecutorial assistant Nathan Price and Odelya Halevi as ADA Samantha Maroun.  Law and Order season 21 premieres on Thursday, February 24 on NBC.