The incident occurred when the mother-in-law was asked to help decorate her son and his new wife’s home, only to choose a questionable photograph for the decor. The woman said she had arrived home from work one evening to discover her mother-in-law had hung up a picture of her husband and his ex-wife on their wedding day, in a prominent position of their new home. She said her mother-in-law’s choice of decor has left her furious. The whole ordeal was detailed on Reddit's AITA forum, where the user questioned whether the actions of her mother-in-law were inappropriate. The 31-year-old wrote: “My husband and I have just bought our first house together, we're loving it and we're excited to decorate it together, but unfortunately my husband travels a lot for work and we've already had new furniture orders arrive. "I couldn't manage it all myself, but my mother-in-law offered to help and I agreed." She added that she had returned home from work at 8pm, and was “shocked” to see one of the walls in the property “was full of framed pictures that MIL [mother-in-law] put there.” She said: “That is not the main problem because these pictures were from his childhood, graduation, birthdays and then I saw the biggest framed picture of them all and is him and his ex on their wedding day”. The woman went on to add: “For context, my mother-in-law 'adores' my husband's ex, she brings her up all the time and reminisces about the past years with her. “Not only that but she includes her in events and holidays which caused issues between us.” She then went on to explain her reaction to finding the photograph placed so prominently in her own, by writing: "I lashed out at her, asking what the h*** she put that picture on the wall for and how she thought it was an appropriate thing to do. “I told her to take it down in that instance but she defensive and said 'this is part of Derek's life and you can not erase it,' then went on about how many hours she spent working on this wall and how I should try to be a little bit more appreciative." READ MORE: Man kept 'attack squirrel' high on meth The woman then admits she completely lost her cool and "flipped out" on her in-law, who started asking what is wrong with her and branding her "crazy." She wrote on the forum: "I told her to take the picture and leave but she tried to say that it wasn't just the ex in that picture but my husband as well but I told her I'd throw it out if she won't leave. "She left but started texting me saying stuff like jealous, bitter, overbearing, controlling etc. “I responded telling her she disrespected me in my own home by what she did and proceeded to ban her from the house." The women’s mother-in-law then got in contact with her son and sent him a screenshot of the "ban" - a move that resulted in him calling his wife to find out what had happened. She explained in her post: "He then said his mum ought to know better but she didn't and I was right to be angry but banning her from the house was an overreaction - like a crazy overreaction. DON'T MISS Crows trained to pick up cigarette butts [INSIGHT] Family baffled after cracking an egg to find another one inside [REPORT] Royal souvenirs for Queen's special year have VERY awkward misprint [PICTURES] "He tried to get me to call her and cancel the ban but I refused. He then ranted about how unfair I was being to make such decision when it's our house not just mine. “My in-laws are upset with me saying I went overboard with this reaction and urged me to let my mother-in-law back into the house and drop this whole thing like it never happened." The user turned to the Reddit community, to ask whether she had, in fact, overreacted, or whether she was justified in banning her mother-in-law from the house. One of the Reddit users who responded branded the mother-in-law’s actions “super inappropriate”. They added: “Your mother-in-law knew exactly what she was doing and now she is succeeding in driving a wedge between you and your husband. "He should 100 percent have your back on this and his mother should apologise. Good luck for the future. If this is an indication of how things are going to be, you may well need it." While another added: "Hang up a photo of you and your ex and see how hubby feels about it. Oh, it's childish and immature? Well so is his mother. He needs to back you here. If he doesn't, is only going to continue to happen. “She's going to keep on doing this to you until he stops it or you two break up. It sounds like she's trying to do that so he can get back with his ex."