Anna Soubry will compete on Celebrity Mastermind alongside Roger Black, Snoochie Shy, and Natalie Anderson on BBC One tonight. In the first round, the celebrities tackle their specialist subjects, and then the second round sees them tackling general knowledge questions, in a bid to win the commemorative trophy. Ms Soubry made her name in the world of politics firstly with the Conservative Party, then with the breakaway Change UK group. Her departure from the Tories came primarily because of Brexit – Ms Soubry is an ardent supporter of the UK being a member of the EU. In July 2020, Ms Soubry said she was convinced the UK would reverse its decision to leave the bloc. She predicted the UK will be back in the EU within 10 years. Ms Soubry told LBC: "When our economy suffers in the most dreadful way, everything will be blamed on Covid, when undoubtedly some of it will be on the fact we’ve left the European Union. "It is the stuff of madness, but we are where we are…I just think it’s a terrible tragedy and I think that’s how history will record it. Our country has made a terrible mistake." Presenter Eddie Mair questioned whether it would be down to Remainers to push for the country to rejoin the EU. Ms Soubry accepted it was not the time to campaign after years of arguments about the UK’s withdrawal, claiming the campaign will fall on a new generation of activists. She explained: "No, people are fed up to the back teeth with Brexit. "I don’t think there’s an appetite at large for some movement that would win widespread support for us to rejoin, because we haven’t even fully left yet. "I think it will be my children’s generation that will do it, I think we’ll be back in the EU in ten years time. Of course we’ll never get the unique and very special and very good deal that we once had. "So no doubt the EU will say, ‘well, if you want to rejoin you have to join the Euro, you’ve got to join Schengen.’ We were in a unique position but there’s no point in looking backwards, we’ve got to look to the future." Ms Soubry added it will be the same generation that will have to "pick up the tab" for both the Covid crisis and for the 2016 decision to leave the EU. READ MORE: People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion  The former MP for Broxtowe has returned to her old profession as a barrister. From 1995 until she was elected to the Broxtowe constituency in 2010, she worked for KCH Garden Square, specialising in criminal law. In October, she said: "I’ve returned to the criminal bar and my former chambers. "You may think this says a great deal about the state of the Criminal Justice System. "It’s a pleasure to be back working with some of the finest people I’ve ever had the privilege to call colleagues." She told Politics Home in November that she has apologised to her colleagues for her role in the Government's cuts to the judiciary. Ms Soubry said: “The criminal justice system is in crisis. It’s on its knees, and it’s because we have cut it. And I was part of a Government that cut it. I did what I could at the time. DON'T MISS Lord Frost 'very glad' if resignation stopped another lockdown [INSIGHT] They started this mess' Brexiteer blames EU for Russian invasion [ANALYSIS] Have your say: Is Britain free after Brexit? [INSIGHT] "I spoke to then-Lord Chancellor, Chris Grayling, and I warned him… it was a terrible mistake." Those on the Conservative side she admires, such as Tom Tugendhat, Karen Bradley and Caroline Nokes, have been “muted”, she said. Ms Soubry said they "need to put their spine back in.” And on the Prime Minister, she said: “It’s a terrible state the Conservative Party is in. Stalin would be proud of Boris Johnson.” Celebrity Mastermind is on BBC One at 6.30pm tonight.