Former Leeds goalkeeper David Seaman has questioned the departure of head coach Marcelo Bielsa, insisting very few managers would have been able to get results at Elland Road given their current injury crisis. Leeds decided to part ways with Bielsa following a dismal run of Premier League results.  Bielsa has overseen a period of just one point from six games, prompting his departure after nearly four years. Leeds were beaten 4-0 by Tottenham in the Argentine’s final game on Saturday. That result followed a 6-0 drubbing by Liverpool, a 4-2 demolition by Manchester United and a 3-0 loss at Everton. The 66-year-old helped Leeds win promotion to the top-flight for the first time since 2004 18 months ago but will not see out the remainder of his deal, which was due to expire at the end of June. But former Leeds youth prospect Seaman – who did not make a first-team appearance prior to spells with Peterborough, Arsenal and Manchester City, thinks it is the wrong decision. Leeds had several players out through injury and the ex-England man feels very few managers would have earned results.   JUST IN: Chelsea make short statement on Russia invading Ukraine “Unhappy to hear that Bielsa has left @LUFC,” Seaman tweeted. “Any manager would have found it hard to lose the spine of his team and still get results. All Leeds fans will always love him…” He then asked: “What’s next for Leeds?” It is widely understood that former RB Leipzig head coach Jesse Marsch is the favourite to replace Bielsa. In a statement posted on Sunday, Leeds chairman Andrea Radrizzani said: “This has been the toughest decision I have had to make during my tenure at Leeds United, taking into account all the success Marcelo has had at the club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “With Marcelo as our head coach, we had three incredible campaigns and the good times returned to Elland Road. He changed the culture of the club and brought a winning mentality to us all. “The moments created, particularly in the 2019/20 season and winning promotion to the Premier League, will of course live long in all our memories, myself and the fans included. “However, I have to act in the best interest of the club and I believe a change is required now in order to secure our Premier League status.  Recent results and performances have not met our expectations. “We find ourselves in a precarious league position and I feel now is the right time to bring in a new head coach, in order to have an impact in the decisive stage of the season. “Naturally, myself, along with everyone else at the club would like to thank Marcelo for his efforts and achievements and we wish him the very best for the future.”   DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan tears into 'weasel' Abramovich after Russian's statementRoman Abramovich's big question he still has to answer at ChelseaRoman Abramovich stance on selling Chelsea after stepping aside Director of football Victor Orta added: “Since arriving at Leeds United Marcelo had a huge impact on the club, on a scale I have not seen before. “He has created a legacy, overseeing major infrastructure improvements at Thorp Arch, uniting the supporters and the players, and giving a clear pathway for young players to transition into the first team. “It is disappointing his reign has had to end in this manner, given the special times we have enjoyed in recent years, which have been some of the best in my career, but we cannot hide from recent results. “I would like to thank Marcelo for his commitment and dedication, and I wish him every success going forwards.”   