The Russian Grand Prix was temporarily removed from Formula One's ticketing website on Thursday in the wake of the ongoing military situation in Ukraine. The fate of the event, which is scheduled to be held in September, now appears to be in doubt after Russia made the decision to invade Ukraine upon the orders of president Vladimir Putin. Fans were left unable to purchase tickets for the Russian Grand Prix, which has been held in Sochi since 2014, on Thursday morning. The event was briefly replaced by the Turkish Grand Prix on F1's official ticketing website, according to journalist Vincenzo Landino. The race in Istanbul was left without a confirmed deal for 2022 when this year's calendar was initially announced. It was part of the schedule from 2005 to 2011 before returning due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021. The event's temporary inclusion on the site appears to suggest that it could soon be named on the race calendar in light of recent developments. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton explains snooping on Max Verstappen's car in Barcelona The Russian Grand Prix was later re-added to the site ahead of a crisis meeting between team bosses on Thursday evening. It remains to be seen whether the planned race in Sochi will eventually be pulled from the calendar as a result of Russia's decision to take military action in Ukraine. An F1 statement read: "F1 is closely watching the very fluid developments like many others and at this time has no further comment on the race scheduled for September. "We will continue to monitor the situation very closely." Last year's event in Russia was won by Lewis Hamilton, who became the first driver to reach 100 victories by taking the chequered flag ahead of Max Verstappen. The Mercedes driver was almost beaten by Lando Norris, who found himself at the front of the order before a late rain shower ruined his chances of sealing a maiden Grand Prix win. The 22-year-old decided against pitting for intermediate tyres and was unable to prevent himself from leaving the track during the final few laps as Hamilton stayed on to move into the lead. The brief removal of the Russian Grand Prix from F1's ticketing website comes after Nikita Mazepin, the grid's only Russian driver, played down concerns that it would be moved or cancelled as a result of the situation in Ukraine. "Of course," replied Mazepin when quizzed whether he thought the race in Sochi would be unaffected at Wednesday's pre-season test in Barcelona. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "From the understanding we’ve had with Formula One, the race is going ahead and you will surely see me there. "I’m not struggling at all because I’ve always been a big supporter of sports without politics." Meanwhile, this year's Champions League final is set to be moved from St Petersburg by UEFA in the wake of recent events. The governing body has released a statement in which it condemned Russia's invasion of Ukraine and insisted that a further announcement will be made on Friday.