Sheridan Smith has appeared in a slew of new shows in 2022, including The Teacher and No Return. Fans of the actress will have noticed her recent weight loss transformation and how different she looks compared to only a couple of years ago. Sheridan started her weight loss journey in 2019 and has lost a whopping two stone since. Taking to Instagram to announce the news to her fans, Sheridan shared two before-and-after photos of herself. She wrote in the post’s caption: “I’m not one for weight loss regimes as I think everyone should be comfortable in their own skin. “I have lost two stone!” READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble The actress lost weight in 2019 while she was taking part in Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Joseph the Musical. The vigorous training and endless rehearsals involved a lot of dancing. Dancing, according to Healthline, can greatly contribute to weight loss. It also contributes to overall health and wellbeing, improving blood flow, contributing to a stronger immune system, reducing stress, and increasing stamina.  Some types of dancing are better for burning calories than others – such as hip-hop, swing, and ballet. According to Healthline, hip-hop and swing dance routines may enable a person who weighs around 11 stone to burn up to 207 calories in 30 minutes, while ballet may burn up to 179 calories. Zumba has also been found to help people with weight loss and the usually social aspect of the group dance can improve mental health. Dr Jo Rodda of the Kent and Medway Medical School said: “Studies have shown that the occurrence of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease can be reduced by exercises such as dancing. “Not only is it fun, social and engaging, but it’s also a great way of incorporating exercise into your weekly routine. “Learning and remembering new steps activates many neural pathways in your brain, keeping it strong, active and healthy,” the doctor told Health Wellbeing. Sheridan has managed to maintain her ideal weight since 2019 thanks to a healthy diet and regular exercise. On her Instagram, the star has shared photos of herself in sportswear, but it is also clear that she isn’t afraid to treat herself to her favourite foods once in a while. In one post, Sheridan shared a photo of her Sunday roast, with the caption: “Two Yorkshire puddings to make the Sunday lunch burger.” When the actress posted her original weight loss transformation post in 2019, her fans were quick to comment on how good she looked. Instagram user Caroline Collings said: “Beautiful always. Well done.” Jan wrote: “Well done, you look great.” Shani commented: “You look amazing, well done.” Linda added: “You look absolutely incredible.”