According to the Russian Defence Ministry, Russian troops have entered the city of Kherson located on the Black Sea. The Russian occupation, in the city located in the south of Ukraine, could put the port city of Odesa at risk from attack. Twitter user @IntelCrab, an open source intelligence aggregator, warned that the Kherson-Odessa corridor between the two cities may become the “greatest point of contention” as “heavy airstrikes” have been heard in the area. Odesa is a strategic port city in the south of Ukraine known for its shipbuilding and oil refining, which could prove very useful to Russian forces. @IntelCrab tweeted: “Outside of Hostomel, #Kherson may become tonight’s greatest point of contention. “Heavy airstrikes are noted in the area as RU advances stall.  “Kherson-Odessa corridor is very strategic. “Fall of Kherson would put Odessa in imminent risk.” A statement from the Russian Defence Ministry read: “Joint operation of the raid units and airborne forces on the Crimean direction provided a passage for the Russian troops to the city of Kherson. “This allowed [us] to unblock [the] Northern Crimean channel and restore the water supply to the Crimean Peninsula.”  READ MORE: Volodymyr Zelenskyy orders civilians to fight Russian troops Vladimir Putin began his invasion of Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday morning, after a televised address in which he announced a “special military operation”. The Russian president, 69, has continually expressed his views that Ukraine is not a sovereign nation and that the land is rightfully Russian. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba wrote on social media: “Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes.  DON'T MISS:Energy bill warning: Utility prices could rise £1,000 as wholesale oil [ENERGY CRISIS]BBC QT: 'Has history taught us nothing?' Audience member slams UK inte [REACTION]Victory for Ukraine as troops halt Russian advance at Chernihiv[INSIGHT] “This is a war of aggression. Ukraine will defend itself and will win. “The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now.” Ukrainian President Zelenskyy has reported at least 137 have been killed as hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian citizens flee their homes. Russian forces have also reportedly captured the Chernobyl power plant and have detained workers there. 