Cyclone Emnati is expected to hit Madagascar late on Tuesday, bringing with it maximum wind speeds of 138 mph, heavy rains and storm surges. The regions of Vatomandry and Farafangana on the eastern part of the island will be worst hit by the “strong” cyclone, with fears this could be the deadliest one of 2022 so far. Three previous cyclones this year have caused nearly 200 deaths in Madagascar and on the African mainland countries of Malawi and Mozambique. The first, Tropical Storm Ana, hit in late January before Cyclone Batsirai wreaked havoc in early February, killing over 120 people and displacing around 143,000 others. Just last week the island was battered by Cyclone Dumako, and the UN weather agency has predicted that eight to 12 more cyclones could hit the southern African region and Madagascar before the cyclone season ends in May.  The agency believes the extreme weather and flooding is linked to climate change. Vincent Dalonneau, Madagascar director of aid agency Humanity & Inclusion, said: “We are preparing for a big one. “This is the most intense cyclone season I have seen since I have been here. “We are already prepared for the storm.  READ MORE: Madagascar Cyclone: Over 90 killed and the death toll feared to rise “Our teams are tired and still preparing for multiple emergencies at once.” The Met Office describes tropical cyclones as “amongst the most powerful and destructive meteorological systems on Earth”. Cyclones generally hit Madagascar every year, however, over the past few years they have become even more common.  DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson: The Grand Tour host speaks out after blowing up beach [ENTERTAINMENT]UK snow charts show EXACT time and location snow to strike this week [INSIGHT]Kelvin Fletcher stuck in car with pregnant wife and kids after storm [REVEAL] Madagascar has also been plagued by drought in recent years, which the country was starting to recover from. World Food Programme official Margaret Malu said to the BBC: “The people of Southern Africa have been on the front lines of climate extremes for many years now and each passing storm sets them back, resetting the progress made.” The environment minister also told the BBC that Madagascar had submitted a plan to COP26, saying they needed £740 million to fight the effects of climate change. 