Tottenham were dealt a major blow when a significant potential investor suffered an incredible collapse of their assets, it has been claimed. Spurs boss Antonio Conte endured a frustrating time in the transfer market, adding just two players to his squad.   Conte was keen to make several signings in January to kickstart his rebuild of the club. The Italian was appointed in November with the promise of funds to spend on rejuvenating a squad that had become stale under successive managers. Spurs even allowed the exits of four senior stars – Dele Alli, Gio Lo Celso, Tanguy Ndombele and Bryan Gil – to make room for fresh players. But only Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur were eventually signed, with both arriving from Conte’s former club Juventus. Spurs missed out on several key targets. They were strongly linked with now-Liverpool star Luis Diaz before the Reds gazumped their deal to sign the then-Porto winger.   JUST IN: Declan Rice has clear 'first choice' between Chelsea and Man Utd And it has now emerged why Spurs might have struggled so much in January. According to the Daily Mail, Singaporean billionaire Forrest Li suffered an 'astonishing' collapse of his financial assets. Li was viewed by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy as a ‘prime candidate’ to inject vital funds into the club ahead of January. Li’s gaming and e-commerce company Sea Ltd was worth around £15billion last October. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  However, the stock has almost halved since due to several setbacks, including India banning most of its gaming apps. Li has apparently denied an imminent bid for the north London club, who have suffered heavily during the pandemic due to having to refinance loans. A lack of investment has limited the on-field spending, which is a major frustration of Conte’s. That has hardly helped Levy in his bid to keep Conte at the helm, with the Spurs chief desperate for him to stay. The 52-year-old has overseen a run of four disappointing defeats in five games, with only the dramatic 3-2 win over Manchester City a week ago offering some much-needed respite.  DON'T MISS...Pep Guardiola has opposite verdict on title race to Jurgen KloppMan Utd boss Rangnick tells Marcus Rashford to learn from team-mateMan Utd have 'interest' in £50m striker who West Ham failed to sign After a 1-0 defeat by Burnley in midweek, Conte suggested that his future could be brought up in talks with the club’s hierarchy in the coming days. He said: “It was difficult tonight and not only tonight — in the last five games we lost four games. “It means there will be assessment, assessment about the club, about me. The club has to make an assessment, also to speak together, to understand which is the best solution. “In this situation, the players are always the same. In this club, they change the coaches. The players are the same but the result doesn't change. I repeat. “I'm too honest to accept this type of situation and for sure we make an assessment with the club because, I repeat, it's not right, it's not good for everybody to continue to lose. I can't accept this and it's not good for no one.”   