Leonardo Hotel has several hotels across the UK and Europe and has unveiled a new hotel in Chester. With stylish designs, high-quality service and affordable prices, it’s the perfect place to book your next getaway – plus find out how to get the special offer. Whether you’re planning an upcoming staycation for Mother’s Day, Easter or just want to enjoy a short break, visit the Northern English city of Chester and stay at the brand new Leonardo Hotel Chester. The hotel opened recently in city centre and it’s the latest addition to the Leonardo Hotel and Jurys Inn hotel chain, which has 48 hotels in the UK. With historic landmarks and bustling restaurants and bars, Chester is the ideal place for your next staycation with friends, family and loved ones. Situated in the heart of Chester and designed with 94 bedrooms, an on-site restaurant and 24/7 gym, rates for rooms start from just £85 a night. Now, travellers can get 15 percent off prices when they book a stay for two days or more with the staycation offer. With free cancellation up 48 hours before arrival, the offer is running indefinitely so don’t hesitate to visit the hotel with this deal. It’s the perfect opportunity to plan a stay with a loved one and rates are available when you choose your preferred dates. Jason Carruthers, Managing Director for Jurys Inn and Leonardo Hotels UK said: “This is an exciting expansion for Leonardo Hotels, we’re thrilled to open our first hotel in Chester, one of the country’s most exciting cities.”  He added: “So well-known for its history and heritage, we’re pleased to be a part of the city’s future growth and development and can’t wait for guests to enjoy the location, facilities and of course our excellent customer service in Chester.” Here’s more information on inside the hotel. Welcoming with friendly service, check-in is seamless and unique features include a cupboard with amenities that guests can take so you don’t have to worry about forgetting your toiletries. The hotel has a stylish, contemporary design and guest can book to stay in standard rooms, superior rooms and executive rooms. Highlights of each room is the a special DREAM Bed, which is designed for the perfect night’s sleep and is super soft with thick mattresses. Bedrooms also include an en-suite bathroom, tea and coffee, free high speed Wi-Fi and a TV that can also cast from smart phones or tablets. Be sure to have a drink or bite to eat at Corvo, which is the hotel’s Italian-inspired restaurant and bar. It has a relaxed atmosphere that also makes it great for guests to enjoy a breakfast buffet in the morning. Located on Pepper Street in Chester, the hotel is next to several restaurants and bars so it’s great for enjoying a night out with friends. In addition, the hotel is also walkable from Chester’s famous historic landmarks including the Roman Amphitheatre, which is the largest in Britain, the Roman Gardens and Chester Cathedral, making it a great pick for a family staycation. Relaxed and comfortable, it’s the perfect staycation choice for friends, families and loved ones. Book a stay at Leonardo Hotel Chester now.