The European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre reported that the quake hit an area 5 miles northwest of Birmingham at 22:59. There are reports of buildings shaking in Walsall and it is believed that the tremor was felt across the region. The epicentre is thought to have been close to the M6 motorway and near Walsall.   A resident from Walsall told the Mirror: “We were just getting into bed and thought there had been a crash or explosion nearby.” “Confused by the rumbling we checked in doors and went to make sure all okay outdoors. “Five of our neighbours were out there too, quite confused by the whole thing.” Four miles away in Willenhall, a resident described their shock: “I was in bed just nodding off to sleep and felt the house shake. I thought it was someone trying to get into the house.”   On social media, residents in the surrounding areas of Wednesbury, Dudley and Wolverhampton also reported feeling the tremor. A local in Wednesfield said that it “felt like a car crashed into the house” after hearing a thud while in bed. Another added on Twitter: “It has been a crazy week with this as well as three storms – very strong winds on Friday and rain like I have never seen before yesterday.” They stated that the earthquake was “felt in Walsall, Birmingham, Dudley and Wolverhampton”. READ MORE:Student loses legs and fingers after eating deadly leftover takeaway According to the United States Geological Survey, the quake was shallow, at a depth of 10 kilometres. Someone else added to the disbelief on Twitter, saying: “Pandemics, Putin, and earthquakes. How can I live love laugh in this world??” The Volcano Discovery website described the quake: “Based on the preliminary seismic data, the quake should not have caused any significant damage, but was probably felt by many people as light vibration in the area of the epicentre.” DON'T MISS:How Joe Biden's response to Russia could affect his election chances (POLL)Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning (INSIGHT)Princess Charlene altered her wedding reception tiara - here's how (ANALYSIS)  The last major tremor in the West Midlands was over 20 years ago in 2002 when an earthquake measuring a magnitude of five hit Dudley and Himley on 23 September. The earthquake shortly followed the combined destruction of Storm Dudley and Storm Eunice which left many homes without power and cost some people their lives. 