This morning Russian troops entered Ukraine’s second-largest city, Kharkiv, on the fourth day of Putin’s invasion. The advance is reportedly being met with fierce Ukrainian resistance. Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in an online address that Russia was bombarding “residential areas” and “civilian infrastructure” in Ukraine.   He said: “Today, there is not a single thing in the country that the occupiers do not consider an acceptable target. They fight against everyone. “They fight against all living things ‒ against kindergartens, against residential buildings and even against ambulances.” However the President warned Ukraine “will fight as long as it takes to liberate the country.” Russia’s invasion of Ukraine comes after an escalation of tensions between the two countries since Putin’s annexation of the Crimean peninsula eight years ago. Read More: Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv Politico’s European correspondent Mr Karnitschnig noted the “fecklessness” of Europe’s response to Russia since then. In 2018 Ukraine’s parliament voted to introduce martial law after Russia seized Ukrainian vessels and detained 24 sailors. Days after the incident, Mr Karnitschnig wrote: “Putin continued to push the limits, harassing Ukrainian ships through the strait while quadrupling the size of Russian naval forces in the area. Again nary a peep from the West.” Criticising Europe in particular, he wrote: “While the details of such confrontations are often difficult to discern in the fog of the moment, the fecklessness of Europe’s response is remarkable, even by it’s admittedly modest standards.   “Now Russia has created facts on the ground that Europe, in typical knee-jerk fashion, wants to counter with more dialogue. “French and German officials have suggested a meeting in the ‘Normandy format’, the very same four-way talks between Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany that have failed for years to yield any progress.” The West had long tried to coax the Russian President into de-escalating his tension with Ukraine. However, Mr Karnitschnig quoted a senior European official, who admitted their approach to Putin had made the bloc appear “weak”. Don't Miss:Putin’s empty vow over ruthless Crimea takeover exposed on anniversary[OPINION]Prince William's defiant message against Putin's Russia[INSIGHT]Russian anti-war protests could trigger Putin’s ‘downfall’[ANALYSIS] The official said: “To be perfectly honest we don’t have many options. We don’t want to risk war, but Putin is already waging one. “That makes us look weak.” Another German official added: “At times like this I’m happy we don’t have a European army. “Putin has proven that he’s in control.”  Yesterday, after days of deliberation the US, UK, Canada and the EU agreed to block Russia’s access to the Swift international banking system, in response to the country's invasion of Ukraine. The UK and Spain had been early supporters of the move, but the US and Germany had initially been resistant to the move. However yesterday a joint statement from the Western allies announced that Russia would be locked out of Swift, the main secure messaging system that banks use to make rapid cross-border payments.  Ursula Von der Leyen said: “The European Union and its partners are working to cripple Putin’s ability to finance his war machine. “This will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally. “Cutting banks off will stop them from conducting most of their financial transactions worldwide and effectively block Russian exports and imports.” 