Cristiano Ronaldo was left fuming with Bruno Fernandes after his compatriot failed to play him in for an open goal in Manchester United’s stalemate against Watford on Saturday. The playmaker fluffed his lines in front of goal in the first half and it proved costly as the hosts stuttered to a frustrating goalless draw. Ralf Rangnick’s side dominated for large periods of the game at Old Trafford with Ronaldo heavily involved in their early chances. The 37-year-old had struck just one goal in his last seven matches and the same misfortune continued to haunt him as he hit the woodwork after five minutes. Ronaldo then put the ball past Ben Foster for what he thought was the opener, before noticing the offside flag was correctly raised against him. The Portuguese was a constant threat throughout the first half and looked to have been in a fine position to open his account for the afternoon. Fernandes had been played through on goal after a surging run by the impressive teenager Anthony Elanga and the Swedish youngster threaded it wide to the unmarked Fernandes. JUST IN: Ronaldo's latest Man Utd demand could force Rangnick's transfer hand Ronaldo had made a late dart towards the far post and was clearly in the midfielder’s eyesight, with a square ball giving him the chance to tap home into an empty net. Instead, Fernandes tried his luck at the near post and Foster, reading his intentions, made a fine block with his outstretched right hand. It was a golden chance for Man United to take control of the game and Ronaldo made his feelings abundantly clear, throwing his arms up in exasperation. The veteran star also appeared to aim some choice words towards his team-mate to make it clear in no uncertain terms what he felt about his decision to ignore the clear pass. MUST READMan Utd boss Rangnick aims dig at players after Watford drawFour things we learned from Man Utd draw vs Watford as Rangnick suffersNewcastle chief Staveley admits Man Utd ace wanted January move Rangnick blasted his players’ inability to find the back of the net and indirectly referred to Fernandes’ chance in his post-match interview as an example of their profligacy. "Five massive chances in the first half, three in the second,” he said. “Sometimes we were unlucky like when Cristiano Ronaldo hit the post but we had one-on-one opportunities. "This is not luck, this is sharpness, efficiency and being clinical." "It is [frustrating], we did everything than scoring. Hard to take that result. We were in full control for almost the full game.” "Our job as coaches is to help the team to create enough chances. The number of clear chances we had today had to be enough to win a game like this." United would have more opportunities to break the deadlock in the second half, with Elanga and Paul Pogba both going close. Rangnick sent on Jadon Sancho, Luke Shaw and Marcus Rashford in search of a late winner but to no avail, as the Red Devils failed to make their dominance pay. Their failure to find the net against the relegation-threatened Hornets could prove costly come the end of the season after Tottenham thrashed Leeds 4-0 earlier on Saturday. While Man United are still in a favourable position in fourth, Arsenal now have three games in hand and are just two points behind, while Spurs and West Ham remain very much in the running for a top-four spot.