Liverpool thought Joel Matip had headed them into the lead against Chelsea in Sunday's Carabao Cup final after 69 minutes. But following a VAR review, referee Stuart Atwell ruled the opener out to keep the score 0-0 in a gripping clash at Wembley Stadium. Twenty minutes into the second half, Liverpool were awarded a free-kick in a dangerous area on the right side of the pitch. And in what looked like something from the training ground, Trent Alexander-Arnold's pinpoint delivery found Sadio Mane at the back post. The Senegal forward headed the ball across the goal-line for an unmarked Matip to direct past Edouard Mendy into the net, sending the Liverpool fans into a frenzy under the famous arch. But minutes later, Atwell was instructed to head for the pitchside monitor to review a potential offence in the build-up and quickly disallowed Matip's deadlock-breaker. JUST IN: Thiago in tears on Liverpool bench after injury at Carabao Cup final Delirious Liverpool fans squabbled with others over the decision on social media, with many confused over why VAR chalked it off. Based on the VAR footage and the information Sky Sports received during the review, it seems like Virgil van Dijk was the main culprit who was penalised. As Alexander-Arnold's ball looped over Chelsea's defence, Reece James tried to backtrack and would've attempted to stop Mane's squared-ball to Matip. But Van Dijk was adjudged to be blocking the England international's run from an offside position and therefore illegally interfering with the phase of play. READ MORE: Gary Neville admits Liverpool have proved him wrong  It will be a mass talking point amongst the fanbase and pundits in the game's aftermath, whichever way it goes. Many will argue that James had no chance of reaching the goal-line to intercept Mane's header across the goal. And there will be significant uproar if Chelsea go on to clinch the trophy in extra-time or penalties. But it was one moment of many in a thrilling 90 minutes, which has left viewers thirsting for more. It was one of two disallowed goals in normal time, with Kai Havertz also having one ruled out in the second half. And Romelu Lukaku thought he'd fired Chelsea ahead in the first half of extra-time before the flag was raised for offside by the tightest of margins. But Atwell will be confident that he made the right call to disallow the goal, and there has been more consistency with that nature of decision in recent weeks. Manchester United had a goal disallowed in their recent 1-1 draw at Burnley after Harry Maguire was adjudged to be committing the same offence. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.