EastEnders sees fan-favourites come and go with Walford a continuous revolving door for its cast. Soon, actor Stevie Basaula will be joining the ranks of those gone but not forgotten as he leaves the BBC soap opera behind. He was first introduced as the son of Sheree Baptiste (played by Suzette Llewellyn). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders.Sheree was an old flame of veteran neighbour Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) who rekindled their romance following a trip to Trinidad. Things quickly grew serious and the pair tied the knot in 2019 with her son then showing up in EastEnders the following month. Sheree didn't want him in Albert Square though as she was trying to hide the fact that Patrick was his real dad, a secret neither he nor Isaac had a clue about. Since the secret was revealed, they have grown closer as father and son but Isaac had been at the centre of another intense storyline. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch Fans discovered that Isaac had schizophrenia and when he stopped taking his medication, he had a breakdown. Actor Basaula's performance highlighted a mental illness that had rarely, if ever, been depicted in a soap opera. His relationship with Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) has also tugged at the heartstrings of viewers as she stuck by him through some of his darkest moments. Unfortunately, the end is nigh for this couple as Basaula will be making his exit from the drama. For many soap actors, it isn't their choice to leave as it is a creative decision made by the show's writers. However, this isn't the case for actor Basaula as he decided to quit EastEnders after two years in the role. It isn't clear exactly when Isaac is going to be leaving Walford so it may be a while before his exit is shown on screen. But according to Basaula, he made the choice as he wanted to move on with his acting career. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? [THEORY]Stacey Solomon's fiance Joe Swash talks change amid family plans [CAST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star [TRIBUTE] He said in a statement: "What a dream come true! Grateful to have spent over two years on one of the biggest shows in the country, there's nothing like it. "Thank you for everything you've given me. I've learnt so much during my time and I'm proud to have been a part of some important work and to have made friends and memories that I'll cherish for a long time. "EastEnders has been an essential part of my growth both as a young man and an actor, and I'm now excited and feel ready to explore this next chapter of my career." He isn't the only star lined up to leave EastEnders either this year. Last month, it was revealed that actor Danny Dyer had quit the soap as Mick Carter. He will be leaving at the end of 2022 with much speculation around how his character will go. Meanwhile, actor Zack Morris who plays Keegan Butcher-Baker, is going to be taking a break from EastEnders. EastEnders continues to air four nights a week on BBC One.