One strange secret to Joe Joyce's success has been revealed by a fellow British heavyweight. Joyce, 36, turned professional after winning silver at the 2016 Rio Olympics, and has since won all 13 of his professional bouts - with his last victory coming against former world title challenger Carlos Takam last July. It meant that Joyce retained the Commonwealth, WBC Silver and WBO International heavyweight titles he won against rival Daniel Dubois in November 2020, stopping his compatriot after inflicting a gruesome eye injury on him. He has since expressed a desire to take on Anthony Joshua or Oleksandr Usyk, but with that pairing currently negotiating a rematch, and Tyson Fury putting his WBC world title on the line against Dillian Whyte on April 23, it appears Joyce will still have to wait to face the world's elite. However, if Joyce does get a bout against one of the four men vying to unify the heavyweight division, there won't be any worries about his chin, according to Johnny Fisher. The youngster himself has four wins from five professional fights, and recently appeared on the From the Corner YouTube show to explain why the London fighter is so difficult to knock down. JUST IN: Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte date and venue confirmed as Gypsy King follows Anthony Joshua  "Joe Joyce, 'The Juggernaut', is a very very special, unique individual," he said. "And I've seen him sparring in Vegas, getting left hook after left hook after left hook. "Someone landed four left hooks on Joe Joyce's chin and he didn't even move." And 'The Romford Bull' then claimed the reasoning behind Joyce's ability to withstand a lot of punishment. DON'T MISS:Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk in major doubt as Ukrainian flies back to join war effortChris Eubank Jr details two-fight plan for Kell Brook scrap and Billy Joe Saunders rematchWladimir Klitschko pens poignant message from Kiev as Russian troops close in on capital "He's actually done a test, like a bone density test, and his bone density is six times a normal human being." Fisher isn't the only British boxer to back Joyce, with former heavyweight David Price recently predicting he could give Usyk, the current WBA, IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight champions, real problems. "The only men I can see beating Uysk – some people might laugh at this – is obviously Tyson Fury because he has got an unconventional way of finding a way to win," he said. “It’s not textbook boxing which a well-schooled fighter can read, his unique in his fighting style, and the other person who has a similar way of fighting and you’ve got to have a great engine in Joe Joyce.  “I think big Joe Joyce can cause Usyk problems with his size, his strength, his fitness and how unconventional he fights, even throwing." Joyce has won 12 of his 13 bouts via knockout, with only American Bryant Jennings taking him the distance in July 2019.