Today, Oxford has launched the UK’s first Zero Emission Zone, which will see all petrol or diesel vehicles charged for using the streets within the area. Electric vehicles will not pay any charges, while vehicles which emit less than 75g of CO2 per kilometre are categorised as “ultra-low emission vehicles” (ULEV) will be charged £2 from February 28, 2022. Low emission vehicles will need to pay £4 per day, which includes vehicles with four or more wheels that meet the Euro 4/IV petrol or Euro 6/VI diesel standard. All other vehicles which do not meet any of those standards will see charges of £10 per day. These charges will double in August 2025, with low emission vehicles being charged £8 and all other vehicles seeing daily costs of £20. Oxford City Council clarified that no vehicles will be banned from driving within the zone. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers The ZEZ is supported by global environment consultancy group Ricardo, which provided an initial feasibility assessment to help define the practicalities of the scheme. Guy Hitchcock, Technical Director at Ricardo, said: “The effect of emissions from vehicles on public health is well documented. “We have worked with various local authorities in helping them to find ways to reduce the negative impacts of air pollution. “Oxfordshire County and Oxford City Councils’ have shown their ambition to move towards zero emission transportation by using our analysis for this pioneering scheme.” DON'T MISSNew car tax changes set to be announced in weeks [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [SHOCKING]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [WARNING] Charges will apply from 7am until 7pm and will be in operation all year round, with the charge covering the entire day so a vehicle can enter and be used within the area on multiple occasions each day. It is hoped the ZEZ will encourage people to switch to low and zero emission vehicles, as well as make other positive changes to their travel behaviour. The ZEZ is being introduced in two phases, with the first phase having a small pilot area of operation that will allow the council to test how the scheme will work before expanding to a wider area in the second phase. The plan for a zero emission zone in Oxford was identified in 2015, with a formal consultation being held at the end of 2020 following a delay because of the pandemic. Dr Hitchcock continued, saying: “While Oxford is the first city to consider going beyond a CAZ with their ZEZ, other local authorities may choose to follow suit. “Cutting emissions from vehicles reduces air pollution, helps tackle climate change and has obvious health benefits for society. “With the Government ending the sale of petrol and diesel cars in 2030, the implementation of zones that charge drivers of vehicles with high emissions may persuade more motorists to switch to electric vehicles.” Oxford City Council has kept the door open for further changes to the ZEZ, especially if there are congestion concerns in the coming years. With Ricardo’s support, Bradford secured £43million of Government funding to implement measures later this year. These changes are expected to reduce pollutant concentrations in the city to below legislative levels and improve public health five years earlier than would be the case without the CAZ. A number of cities in the UK have already launched clean air zones, including Bath, Birmingham and Portsmouth in 2021. London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) was also extended in October last year to include most of the capital inside the charging area. New data found that the ULEZ cut harmful nitrogen dioxide emissions by almost 54 percent. Increasing the ratio of electric vehicles by just one percent within London’s traffic mix would write off around 155,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions.