The tempting offer is available to new customers who switch their bank account to its current account. In addition, savers will also receive up to three percent if they open a Digital Regular Saver. Britons looking for a better interest rate on their savings could be tempted by NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver account offering three percent interest. To qualify for this attractive interest rate, people will need to be able to regularly commit to saving between £1 and £50 each month. Savers can adjust their standing order at any point but the maximum they can save every month is £50. However, once someone has saved £1,000 the interest rate will drop to 0.01 percent. READ MORE: NS&I Premium bonds: Are they worth buying? Meanwhile, customers can withdraw their money from their Digital Regular Saver account at any time. This means it could double up as a savings account and somewhere to keep an emergency fund safe while gaining some interest. To help people start a healthy savings habit, NatWest has a Savings Goal Tool and a Round Up tool within its app. On its website it stated: “Just tap in how much you need to save and by when and our Savings Goal Tool will tell you what you need to save each month to get there.” DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] The Round Up tool helps customers save their spare change from everyday purchases by moving it into their savings account. It can help people save more without even thinking about it. When it comes to working out which is the best savings account, there’s no one-size-fits-all solution. Virgin Money is currently offering a higher savings rate of 5.02 percent on the first £1,000 saved but a lower cash switching incentive of £100. Experts have shared some advice for things to consider when switching savings accounts. Account benefits like free insurance can be a waste of money for some while saving others hundreds over the course of a year. They also advise using the Current Account Switching Service (CASS) as it means direct debits and standing orders will be moved over automatically. These days most banks insist on customers using CASS before they will pay the cash incentive. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What to consider when switching banks: