Piers Morgan, 56, was left unimpressed by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s honour at Saturday’s NAACP Image Awards. Meghan and Harry were awarded the President’s Award in recognition of their “distinguished public service”. The couple join past recipients of the prize including Muhammad Ali, LeBron James and Rihanna. Following Meghan and Harry's impassioned acceptance speech, Piers took to Twitter in the early hours of Sunday morning to share his thoughts with his 7.9 million followers. The presenter quipped: “Imagine giving these two clowns an award when their only claim to fame is trashing their families on TV, ruthlessly exploiting their royal titles for vast financial gain, and preaching about equality and environment from their California mansion and private jets? Hilarious.” Piers' words caused quite a stir and many users flew to Meghan and Harry’s defence. Lovey wrote: “Let it go, man. They are living their best life. Do the same!” READ MORE:Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict Dana questioned: “Why are you still so angry at Megan? Your feelings were really hurt. You really know how to hold a grudge, don’t you? Let it go already. Nobody cares. There are more pressing concerns in the world at the moment.” And Sahara said:” Stop the hate already Piers. It’s really boring.” However, some agreed with Piers and questioned why Meghan and Harry had been awarded at all Peter penned: “Such an insult to the extraordinary past recipients. They got the award as the event wanted publicity.” Sonny replied: “Glad to see they are enjoying their so-called ‘private life’.” And Gemma said: “I can’t stop laughing. Read their bio on the NAACP website- it gets funnier.”  Meghan and Harry were handed the award by NAACP president, Derrick Johnson. The humanitarian introduced the couple saying: “This year’s recipients have demonstrated they are so deserving of this honour. “Join me as we take a look at the work of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.” A montage was then played featuring Harry’s army career, his trip to Nepal following the 2016 earthquakes, and teaming up with Rihanna in Barbados for World AIDS Day. DON'T MISSRichard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid[LATEST]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert addresses rumour of another exit[INSIGHT]Queen's Roger Taylor on why Brian May 'suddenly lost interest' in song[NEWS] The clip also shone a light on Meghan and her focus on “uplifting and uniting communities across the globe”. The narrator said: “A feminist who has worked with leaders across the public and private sector to advance women’s economic independence. “Throughout her life and career, she has been an advocate for racial and gender justice and for providing equitable outcomes for families.” Meghan was also described as “a dedicated champion of human rights” as the montage touched on her work to bring paid leave for all in America, clean water in Rwanda and visiting schools in India. In their acceptance speech, Harry paid tribute to his “incredible wife” and thanked the black community for “welcoming” him. Looking dapper in a designer tuxedo, the Duke said: “I echo the immense gratitude for tonight. “Both for this award and to this community for welcoming me with, uh, so warmly. “I think it’s safe to say that I come from a very different background than my incredible wife. Yet our lives were brought together for a reason. We share a commitment to a life of service. “A responsibility to confront injustice and a belief that the most often overlooked, are the most important to listen to.”