Food items at major British supermarkets such as Tesco, Asda, and Morrisons are often reduced before their expiry dates with a yellow sticker. This is a brilliant way for families to save money on their grocery bills. Shoppers can save money by hunting for supermarket items marked with a yellow sticker. These stickers are put on products just before their expiry date, letting customers know they are being sold for much less than their original price. However, when competing with hundreds of other shoppers, it can be difficult at times to get your hands on these products. Luckily, loans, credit card, and mortgages company Ocean Finance has shared its top tips on how to get hold of these bargains. READ MORE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed The company has unveiled when the best time of day is to visit each supermarket. Although food items are reduced throughout the day depending on expiry dates, Ocean Finance has found when the yellow sticker will be placed on everything. Interestingly, this happens at a similar time in each supermarket. For those wanting to find bargains at Marks and Spencer, it is best to visit an hour before the store’s closing time.  For Morrisons, the ideal time to visit is after 6pm. This is the same for Sainsbury’s. For those wanting to visit Asda for bargains, after 7pm is best. Waitrose’s bargains are easier to find after 6pm. There is nothing wrong with reduced items, and some experts have spoken about the fact that even foods past their expiry dates are fine to eat. Expiry dates are simply an estimate of the longevity of the item and are not always accurate. However, supermarkets throw out food past their expiry date to avoid liability issues. This is why they will reduce items to get rid of them faster in the 24 hours before the expiry date. Finding yellow sticker deals is a great way for you to save on your weekly shop. Another way to do this is to check what you have in the fridge already and then making a list of what you need. This way, you can do some meal-planning too. Buying supermarket own brand items is another way to save money, as well as avoiding going to the supermarket on an empty stomach. Shopping while hungry makes most people buy more than what they need.