The Chase host Bradley Walsh was ready to help the four new hopefuls take on the Chaser in hopes of bringing home the jackpot. As avid viewers sat down to enjoy the weekday quiz show, they soon questioned what show they were watching when the contestants who stepped up to the challenge all sounded familiar. The Chase is an ITV staple with multiple general knowledge enthusiasts attempting to dethrone a Chaser each week. Wednesday's show started no different than usual until adult humour fans spotted the contestants' names. Lisa, Maggie, Bart and Marge all appeared smiling as they prepared themselves for a showdown. Fans of the ITV show soon united on Twitter to share their amazement at the four contenders and to praise the producers for making this happen. Read More:When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner Aaron Dean?  Lovers of the animated show spotted early on that the panellists were only one Homer short of completing the entire family. Chloe Ball wasn't quite sure what she had tuned in for and questioned what was going on: "Is this a joke?" She wasn't alone as spectators started to post about The Simpson named panel. Gary Brown almost changed the channel: "Am I watching The Chase or The Simpsons lol #TheChase #TheSimpsons."   "You have to give the bookers of @ITV and #TheChase a round of applause. Marge - Bart - Maggie - Lisa. #TheSimpsons," Ryan Noakes added. Unamused Steve Lowe: "Just checking to see if everyone's still tweeting about the names... I'm going to take that as a yes. #TheChase." The family reunion was cut short, with Bart failed to get through to the final Chase. This prompted Steve Roberts to reference the iconic cartoon's opening sequence: "Aftershow party in Moe's for Marge, Maggie and Lisa if they beat the Chaser! DON’T MISS… NCIS Sydney cast: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?[LATEST] ‘Thought I would die’ Y 1883’s Sam Elliott feared for his life in harsh filming conditions[LATEST]Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST] "Bart's writing lines on the blackboard again! #TheChase @ITVChase [clapping emoji]." The Menace was the resident Chaser for the evening and even got in on the action when Lisa was in the firing line. He said: "In keeping with The Simpsons theme, it seems Lisa might be the clever one in the family, but you're still going HOMER. Bradley was less than impressed and replied: "Home..R, oh wow."  Lisa, Maggie and Marge made it to the final with £18,000 in the bank. Their combined knowledge saw them accrue an impressive 20 questions, which The Menace commented: "That was pretty much perfect." However, the leading score spurred the brainiac to work harder, and after three failed attempts at push-backs, the team were defeated by the Chaser. The Chase airs weekdays at 5 pm on ITV. 