The ongoing mission to curb dementia growth is relentless, but projections suggest cases could now triple by the mid-century. In fact, the number of people living with dementia could surpass 153 million by 2050, according to recent studies. The condition is characterised by progressive deterioration of cognitive functions, with symptoms including memory loss and confusion. Fortunately, steps can be taken to lower one’s risk. According to some research, certain types of fish may best be avoided. The neurological effects of mercury exposure are well documented, with individuals experiencing symptoms such as chronic fatigue, dizziness and loss of appetite. The heavy metal is recognised as one of the most potent neurotoxins and is suspected to be poisonous to nerve tissues. The researchers of one study published in the journal of Complementary Therapies in Medicine in August 2020, said: “Mercury is a potent neurotoxin that can cause cognitive decline diagnosed as Alzheimer’s disease." A case study published in the report depicted the case of a 91-year-old who presented with “severely high levels of mercury” after consuming contaminated fish. “Following diet adjustment and detoxification, this patient’s cognitive impairment significantly improved in proportion to the decline in methyl mercury level,” explained the authors. “One year later, his cognition and function status rapidly and unexpectedly declined. “This, it is critical to address biological aetiologies such as mercury toxicity in the lordly population diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, but end-organ damage may not be reversible. “ Prior research has suggested mercury exposure impairs cognitive function by reducing the efficacy of selenium, a molecule that keeps the brain healthy. Selenium works specifically by suppressing damaging chemical reactions in humans, so without it, patients become more susceptible to oxidative stress. Earlier research published in the JAMA in 2016, sought to determine whether seafood intake correlated with increased brain mercury levels and brain neuro-pathologies. The researchers measured seafood intake by food frequency questionnaires in a sample of 286 deceased participants. Cross-sectional analyses revealed that moderate seafood intake lessened Alzheimer’s neuropathology, but also correlated with higher brain levels of mercury. The findings appear to suggest that consumed in moderate amounts, fish consumption may outweigh the risks associated with mercury exposure. It should be noted, however, that certain types of fish could deliver levels high enough to induce toxicity and cognitive impairment. Four types of fish known to contain high amounts of mercury include shark, orange roughy, swordfish and link. Other types of fatty fish, however, may offer protection against decline. For a study published by researchers at the National Institutes of Health, researchers looked at the lifestyles of more than 7,750 subjects who were followed for five to 10 years. Participants were required to fill out questionnaires detailing their food intake, before undergoing a series of cognitive tests of memory, language and attention.