Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe are continuing to star for Arsenal, but they need to heed a warning from Paul Pogba if the Gunners are to keep the two wonderkids. The duo scored both of Arsenal’s goals in their win over Brentford on Saturday, which maintained the pressure on their rivals for a top four place. But there is concern at the Emirates Stadium that a number of other top clubs around Europe may be eyeing moves for the pair. They have been at the heart of the revolution that Mikel Arteta has led since taking over from Unai Emery. Saka is now the first-choice right winger at the club, while Smith Rowe continues to push hard for a starting spot. The latter was only handed a new long-term contract last summer, but he is still attracting the eye if potential suitors. While they are already key players, their young age means that they should be at the forefront of the team for some time to come. JUST IN: Arsenal star's emergence could open door for Tottenham to make signing If Arsenal are to see that future come true though, they will need to heed the warning of Manchester United’s troubles with Pogba. The Frenchman has been arguably the Red Devils best player since he returned from injury, but he is out of contract at the end of the season. There is little hope that he will sign a new deal to extend his stay in Manchester, with contract talks failing. Arguably, United left it too late before attempting to hand Pogba a new deal, despite being the club’s record signing. DON'T MISS:Five former Arsenal players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 (INSIGHT)Arsenal 'one of three options' for ace who coach 'spoke to personally' (TRANSFERS)Arteta has brave Martinelli decision to make which affects two stars (ANALYSIS) It is a situation that Arsenal must be wary off as Saka and Smith Rowe continue to excel under Arteta. Former United star Rio Ferdinand can certainly see the duo moving on and warned Arsenal that “big clubs” are looking at the duo. “ESR (Emile Smith Rowe) is doing his thing man,” Ferdinand told his Vibe with FIVE podcast. “I’ve loved him from the start of the season, he’s been in my dream team and everything. He’s one that I think other big clubs will be looking at, Saka as well. especially.” While they do need to keep the Pogba situation in mind, Arsenal have bought themselves time with the previous deals they have handed to the duo. Smith Rowe signed a new deal last summer, following interest from Aston Villa, which ties him to the club until 2026. Saka’s contract expires two years earlier, with his last extension coming in 2020, making him the top priority this summer. The Gunners cannot afford for a similar situation to Pogba’s happening with their wonderkids if they are to avoid Ferdinand’s prediction.