  The Apprentice’s Lord Alan Sugar has rebuked the idea of Donald Trump “owning the apprentice” after one Twitter user sent in a query this morning. Taking to the social media platform, Lord Sugar quickly shut this theory down.      Alan, 74, wasted no time in tearing Trump a new one in view of his 5.2 million Twitter followers this morning. The Apprentice star was responding to another person on the platform, who questioned the business mogul’s ownership of the BBC programme. Twitter user Neekoooo111 sent in a question to Lord Sugar, in view of his 25 followers, in the early hours of this morning. “Trump said he owns the apprentice and he makes money from you, is that true ???” he asked. (sic) READ MORE: 'Very worrying time' Piers Morgan on Queen's shock Covid diagnosis     Neekoooo111, who also goes by Nicholas, received a very blunt response from the business leader under an hour later. “Who believes a word Trump says,” Lord Sugar replied curtly. His frank response was met with both agreement and dissent in the comments section. In answer to the question posed by Lord Sugar, Fred Bojangles penned: “A significant proportion of the US electorate, alarmingly.”      C-137 Titan commented: “Tooooooooooo many people it's scary… And sad.” “Fantastic programme this year Lord Sugar,” added Jay Singh. While other Twitter users seemed dissatisfied with Lord Sugar’s response. “Is that a yes or no? A lot of Americans do believe him,” wrote Ben061076. READ MORE... Ruth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced [UPDATE] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [INSIGHT] Eamonn Holmes defends Rylan Clark over 'sickies' accusation [LATEST]      “75,000,000 American citizens who you’ve alienated…” commented John Bid. “Considering it's all gone to sh** since he left office I would imagine quite a lot,” added Ears Jonny. It seems as though there will be no love lost between Lord Sugar and Trump, however, as the pair have both previously voiced their dislike for one another. During an interview with Piers Morgan for Good Morning Britain in 2016, Trump happily responded to Lord Sugar bashing him in the British press during the run up to the presidential election.      “He works for me. He is a small timer,” Trump said. “I mean, he’s doing a nice job but don’t forget, he works for me — I make money from The Apprentice.” He continued: “When we first chose him for the show, he was so low on the economic scale, he didn’t really fit the role. “I think he’s made more money by being on The Apprentice than he has in business. I just wish him luck.” The feeling seemed to be mutual, as Lord Sugar, who fronts the British spin-off series of Trump’s popular US show of the same name, bashed the former president during an appearance at the 2019 Humber Business Week. He said: “Donald Trump is a buffoon. If you were to say to me three years ago he would be President, I would have bet anyone £1million it was never going to happen.” The Apprentice returns on Thursday night at 9pm on BBC One.   