Bowel cancer is the second biggest cancer in the UK, but if people visit their GP about potential symptoms early enough, it can be treated. Though many of the symptoms of this form of cancer are found when going to the toilet, others can occur “suddenly”. People who think they might have symptoms are urged not to be “embarrassed” or to “ignore” any concerns they might have, according to the charity Bowel Cancer UK. In some cases, your stomach might be giving you a “strong” warning sign. According to the charity, “sudden, strong pains in the stomach area” could be an indication that there is a blockage in the bowel. This is often caused by a tumour growing within, known as a “bowel obstruction”. READ MORE: Richard Osman health: Pointless host's 'difficult journey' with addict Pains can also be accompanied by “bloating” or “feeling sick”. In some cases, patients may also find that they are unable to move their bowls with ease or might experience trapped wind. If you do experience any of these symptoms, it is important to “see your GP straight away” or even go to a hospital A&E department. Bowel Cancer UK stressed the importance of this, stating: “Doctors are used to seeing lots of people with bowel problems. DON'T MISSCancer symptoms: The 'persistent' sign when waking up in the morning [INSIGHT]How often do you shower? You could be weakening your immune system [EXPLAINER]Dr Philippa shares ‘first symptom’ of prostate cancer to spot [REVEALED] “Bowel cancer is very treatable but the earlier it’s diagnosed, the easier it is to treat. ‘People whose cancer is diagnosed at an early stage have a much higher chance of successful treatment than those whose cancer has become more widespread.” Many people with these symptoms don’t have bowel cancer at all, and other health conditions can cause similar sensations. However, regardless of the cause, seeing a doctor is of the utmost importance. Stomach pains are associated with a number of conditions, which aren’t always linked with cancer. Some of the main conditions which share symptoms with bowel cancer are: Any concerns, even if things “just don’t feel right”, should be addressed with your GP, according to the bowel cancer charity.