BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty has taken to Twitter to speak out after her BBC colleague Emily Maitlis announced her departure from the broadcaster after 20 years. Naga, 46, didn't hesitate to reach out to the Newsnight host, 56, as she detailed her new venture away from the BBC. After Emily broke the news earlier today, Naga soon commented on her post. "Congratulations x," she told her colleague. Naga's comment comes as Emily announced that she is leaving the BBC after 20 years to host a new podcast with former BBC colleague Jon Sopel. She told her 453,200 followers: "Some work news -@BBCJonSopel and I are going to launch a brand new podcast with @Global, exec produced by @dinosofos. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "It’s an amazing opportunity to do something we all love, and we are so thrilled Global is giving us this opportunity to be big and ambitious with this project," she added. In a new tweet, Emily went on: "@dinosofos has been the powerhouse behind Brexitcast, Newscast and Americast, and we are delighted his new company @persephonica will be producing this major new podcast with Global." In a final post, Emily gushed over her BBC colleagues, adding that they've become "dear friends" to her. She wrote: "Nevertheless, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after 20 phenomenal years. "I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there. "More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends. "I owe my BBC colleagues everything," she ended. Following Emily's announcement, her followers flocked to wish her well on her career move. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby's dental horror after disaster night with husband [ANALYSIS]Kate Garraway addresses dilemma over new Derek Draper documentary [UPDATE] Twitter user @iambiancafh wrote: "This is both devastating for viewers and wonderful for listeners. "You will be much missed, and I for one am v grateful to have watched you on Newsnight over the years."(sic) "I remember watching years ago and thinking I want to be like her! That has not changed. Many congratulations," they added. @ALi_Crockford penned: "Enormously sad to hear this. You've always been one of the best. "Wish you luck but very sad to see you leave Newsnight et al!" they finished. @pen_joane added: "What a scoop for Global but a massive loss for BBC. "Thanks for your excellence in asking probing questions, listening so attentively to the answers and responding effectively to try and get to the truth. "Your work during the pandemic has been first class."