Chelsea Travel, a blogger, travel enthusiast and expert, said: "Is it just me or is there no better feeling than turning up to a hotel and finding out you’ve been given a free upgrade?! Well, what if I was to tell you that you can greatly increase your chances of getting upgraded by doing one simple thing?! Just ask for one." She continued: "Yep, it’s that simple and so over on my Instagram I shared a few really simple reasons why you should ask for one. "However, a lot of you also wanted to know how you would even go about putting your reason into an email so here we go lads, I’ve pulled together a basic hotel upgrade template for you to try on your next getaway." Chelsea shared with her followers a template travellers can use to email the hotel before they arrive. READ MORE: Spain vaccine rules to change: What do Britons need to know?  The email reads: Hi there, I hope you’re well. After reading some amazing reviews, I’ve just booked a stay at your hotel for me and my boyfriend and we are both so excited! It looks great. This will be our first getaway since the pandemic began and so would love to be considered for an upgrade to help us celebrate this small step towards normality if you have the availability. Upgrade or not, we are really looking forward to staying with you. All the best, Chelsea Chelsea also shared some additional tips that "may help increase your chances". Find out the name of the person who makes the upgrade decisions "Often it will be the general manager so you could try calling up and asking for their name so that you can send it to the right person," Chelsea said. Add some humour! The expert explained: "I once got an upgrade from writing an email very similar to the above for a trip to Brussels on the first day that the UK left the EU. We asked if they could help cheer us up – and it worked!" Check the hotel’s availability "This is more so you can adjust the tone of your message. If it’s fully booked up you may want to refer to possible ‘last minute availability’ and if there’s plenty of rooms then you know you can be a bit more general," she said. Tag the hotel on social media "Influencer or not, showing your excitement by tagging in the hotel in a post or Instagram story on the day before shows them how excited you are and also hints that you’ll be posting about your stay when you arrive too! "I’ve found that one of these combined with an ‘if you happen to have any upgrades on that day, we’d be so incredibly grateful’ works a bloody treat," Chelsea explained. Chelsea suggested five reasons to ask for a free upgrade, without having to pretend you're engaged. "It's my birthday" "It's our anniversary" "We've had a job promotion" "I'm a big fan of the hotel" "It's a special occasion"