Full of colour and variety, the dahlia is a must-have summer flower. One gardening influencer, Sophie Valentine, is an expert in growing these beautiful flowers and posts her tips on her Instagram account @lookinsidemygarden. Her dahlia border is full of bright blooms. The gardening expert wrote to her followers: "I often get asked: 'How many flowers does one dahlia give you?' "Well. I actually don’t know the exact answer! "This video shows the dahlia border where I grew one plant of each variety. "It shows you just how many flowers you might expect to see on one plant."   READ MORE: 'You don’t need to sow the whole packet': How to grow perfect plants from seed She also detailed a top tip for getting more from your dahlia plant. Sophie said: "My top tip for extra blooms is making sure that you pinch out your dahlias. "This gives you a bushier plant with more flowers." Pinch a dahlia by removing the uppermost end of the stem, just above where it connects to the center stalk. DON'T MISS'Free geranium plants': How to grow geraniums from cuttings [GARDENING] 'If it flowers before June, then prune': When to prune plants [MARK LANE] Gardener's top flower seeds to 'direct sow' [INSIGHT] Pinch out a dahlia when it is between 12 and 16 inches tall and has four sets of leaves at least. This will mean the plant is well established enough to recover from being pinched. Followers commented on the video. One praised the proliferation of flowers, and said: "Pom poms for days." Another said: "Wow, amazing!!! Need a dahlia border in my life!" "Defo pinch," one gardener said. "Also a good seaweed fertiliser goes a long way". Another wrote: "Wow, they are beautiful!!" The number of flowers a dahlia can produce depends on the variety of dahlia you are growing. However, a well-established dahlia bush can produce 10 to 20 flowers. A dahlia tuber can produce up to five new plants. What is a tuber? Read on to find out more. Dahlias like fertile, moist soil that drains well. The classic summer flowers like a sunny spot, sheltered from the wind. These plants like as much sun as they can get. They are often grown from tubers, which are the root of the plant. Each season a dahlia plant will produce a growth of tubers, beneath the soil. It's a way from the plant to store energy, but tubers also have eyes, from which new dahlias will grow. However, dahlias can also be grown from cuttings. If you want to grow dahlias from tubers, make sure to dig them up in the autumn just before the first frost, to keep them inside over winter. Plant the tubers in April, keeping them inside or in a greenhouse to start them off. Then, from May onwards, they can be planted outside.