  Paul Sinha has criticised India's decision to abstain from voting on a UN Security Council resolution demanding Russia ceases its invasion of Ukraine. The Chase star took to Twitter to unleash his fury over the situation, receiving a mixed reaction from his followers.      Paul, 51, went on Twitter to blast India following the news that the country had chosen to abstain from voting on a UN Security Council resolution demanding that Russia ceases its actions. Experts believe the decision was swayed by New Delhi's reliance on its ally for energy, weapons and support in conflicts with neighbours. Paul, who is of Indian descent, didn’t waste any time in weighing in on the debate in view of his 213,200 Twitter followers yesterday. The stand-up comedian raged: “Shame on you, India.    “Your boast about being the world's largest democracy means very little now. “And the UAE can f**k right off as well.” He added: “The height of nuanced political satire, that tweet.” The Chase star’s comments left fans divided, as some felt he was being unfair.     Richaaryan wrote: “It's easy to jump on the bandwagon and shame a country or a person. “Where are the NATO and the US forces? Ukraine is now left alone to defend themselves! “Just as the European countries are looking out for their interests first, India has the right to do the same!!!” Cantonaesque replied: “Clearly you have an understanding of the complicated geo political issues India has to face from your cushy UK residence. READ MORE... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [UPDATE] Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [INSIGHT] 'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [LATEST]     “Manage your house. We have to think about our future, and clearly the West's never had our back.” While others took Paul’s side, with Nigel David Holmes writing: “Disappointed in the lack of condemnation from India.” Celtic Warrior added: “Well said Paul. Germany are not exactly covering themselves in glory but the cynicism of some countries is nothing short of disgraceful.” MJP Gallacher asked Paul: “Do you take china abstaining as a positive though? Surprised they didn't vote No?”      To which he responded: "China's no was a given. They're chance to be grown ups has long disappeared. India and UAE wallow in an image of being vibrant modern nations when the ruling powers in each are rancid beyond comprehension.” (sic) In another tweet, Paul also took aim at those bringing the transgender rights movement into the Ukraine discussion, slamming them for their “lack of dignity”. “If you're one of the many rightwing grifters who have somehow blamed the current human tragedy in Ukraine on transgender rights, all you have proved is that your lack of dignity and class knows no limits,” he wrote. Vladimir Putin shocked the world early on Thursday morning as it was announced that Russian forces had invaded Ukraine. Ukrainians have taken to the streets with weapons to defend their country, as Russian troops continue to wage war in multiple cities.   