  Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway has been sent messages of support from fans following the release of her Caring for Derek documentary. The journalist posted an update on what she called a “frightening week” on Instagram this evening.      Kate, 54, released her new documentary Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek on Tuesday as a follow-up to Finding Derek, which aired last year. Derek, 54, caught Covid in March 2020 and was put into an induced coma by doctors, spending a total of 374 days in hospital. Since then, he has been allowed to go home, but requires round-the-clock care from Kate. Posting an update to her 1.1 million Instagram followers, Kate wrote: “Well what a frightening week and I am sure I’m not alone in hugging my loved ones close, grateful - as our hearts go out to the people in Ukraine fearing for their lives. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement      “Despite the horrifying news unfolding all around, I’ve been so moved by how many of you have got in touch about #caringforderek (available now on the ITV Hub). “Do keep sharing your stories of hope and your challenges too. “When the world feels out of control there is something so powerful in standing together - we can make a difference. “There are some wonderful groups that have helped me @access_care @carers_uk @carers.trust who are all great sources of support,” she concluded with heart and prayer emojis.      Kate’s followers took to the comments section to send messages of support to the ITV presenter. SJ Axelby wrote: “You are such an inspiration to us all. You, Derek and your delightful children. So much respect for you x.” Joanne Scadden commented: “You are an absolute role model for everything that is honest, brave, strong, humble and real.” Lucy Bowler penned: “You are doing a wonderful job at shining a light on the care workers as well as looking after your husband and children with such care and respect. Look after you too, from a grateful care worker x.”  READ MORE... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST] Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [NEWS] John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS]     Fiona Youngson wrote: “Watched your documentary yesterday and was moved to tears. The love you all have for each other is so evident, it’s lovely to see. Keep going Kate, you are doing fantastic, as is Derek.” Emma Mayhew added: “You are an amazing family full of love, laughter and tears… Your strengths are a beacon of hope for so many. Thank you for sharing x.” In her new documentary Kate left viewers in tears once again as she gave them a startlingly honest glimpse into the realities of being a carer. Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek, provides insight into her family as they come to terms with their husband and father’s condition.      Kate has kept the public up-to-date with Derek’s condition ever since he was struck down with the virus in March, 2020. She won a National Television Award last year for Finding Derek, which documented her family’s struggles during her husband’s 13 months in hospital. Derek, who did not return home for over a year, has since admitted that the debilitating nature of his continued illness has left him feeling suicidal at times. Since then, he has received specialist treatment at a clinic in Monterrey, Mexico, with the hope that it could make a long-term difference to his condition. Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek is available now on ITV Hub. If you're struggling and need to talk, the Samaritans operate a free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. Alternatively, you can email jo@samaritans.org or visit their site to find your local branch.   