Manchester United midfielder Fred must "shut up" and focus on performing on the pitch, according to former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Fred has hit the headlines after questioning the club's decision to appoint an interim manager until the end of the season. Ralf Rangnick was put in temporary charge in December following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Fred helped United beat rivals Leeds 4-2 on Sunday, scoring after coming on as a second-half substitute. But since that game he has claimed not having a long-term plan in terms of a manager is "bad" for the Red Devils. "It is a bit strange," Fred said. “I know in football it's important to get good results as soon as possible, but it's also important to have a long-term plan.  “I think it's a little bit bad for us not to have one, at the moment it's all about the short-term goals. “We don't know how it's going to be after the end of this season." But Agbonlahor does not understand why Fred has said what he has and has especially questioned the timing of the comments. Following the weekend's win at Leeds, United head to Madrid to face Atletico in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Wednesday. DON'T MISSGary Lineker's transfer message to Leicester over Lille star hijacked by Alan Shearer [SOCIAL]Erling Haaland could stop Arsenal from signing Alexander Isak as Barcelona pose threat [RUMOUR]Arsenal must heed Paul Pogba warning to avoid Rio Ferdinand prediction [COMMENT]  "I just don't get it," Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. "You've had an amazing performance against Leeds, you've battered Leeds, you've got a big game tonight. "Stop talking. Get your head down, get your recovery done the next day, you're flying out to Madrid, why are these players talking so much? I don't get it. "If you're talking, talk about the Atletico Madrid game, how much you want to get through in the Champions League. Stop talking about things you don't need to."  Rangnick dismissed reports of problems in the United dressing room last week. So Agbonlahor thinks the German will not be happy to hear what Fred has said. He added: "Just go out there and put in performances. He came on against Leeds, he was outstanding. "Changed the game, got his goal - look forward to the next game. Go out tonight and put in a performance again if you're starting, you don't have to comment on certain things.  "Leave that to people higher up or the captain of Manchester United might be able to come out and speak about it later in the season. "But I just don't understand now that if I'm Rangnick I'm thinking: 'Here we go, another little player is talking'. "Just shut up and keep performing on the pitch."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here