The BBC has been facing criticism after several news presenters appeared to have travelled to Kyiv following Russia's invasion on Thursday. Viewers questioned the decision, noting the corporation could already count on the presence of local correspondents instead of spending more money to deploy more reporters to the area. Viewer Chris Reeve said: "The growing crisis on the Ukrainian border has been covered very well by the BBC's foreign correspondents on the ground in Kiev and close to the Russian border. "Why then did the BBC see the need to fly Clive Myrie out to Kiev to effectively co-present the Six O'clock news?" Fellow viewer Phil Chaney added: "BBC News already has other reporters in Ukraine and Russia – James Waterhouse, Caroline Davies, Steve Rosenberg, Sarah Rainsford and Lyse Doucet. Why add to the risks by sending more?" Brian Lawrence noted: "The BBC is complaining about lack of finance and continues to waste money on these international trips for its news presenters." And Michael Gale wrote: "Somebody sat in a back office just wasting licence payers' money. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG "If you do pick this story up and contact BBC news for an answer, no doubt they will decline." But the BBC did respond to the criticism, with executive news editor Richard Burgess hitting back at the backlash. Mr Burgess insisted the presence of additional presenters on the ground would provide viewers in the UK and across the world with an all-encompassing analysis of the developing crisis. He said: "I would say Clive Myrie is far from just a presenter. READ MORE: 'Don't panic!' Drivers urged to halt petrol frenzy as massive queues pile up at stations "He's an outstanding journalist and he hasn't just been presenting when he's out there. He's also being getting out into Kyiv, speaking to local residents, understanding the story, providing reports. "Having a presenter there adds to the texture of our broadcasting and ensures Clive is really understanding the story and able to ask the right sort of questions. "And convey to the audience what it's like in the heart of this really important story." DON'T MISS:Fifth of cars speeding when passing schools [INSIGHT]Putin faces military humiliation –support dwindling [REPORT]Show host mocked after saying holiday ruined by Putin [COMMENT] Presenter Clive Myrie began his career at the BBC as a correspondent and covered several war zones during his years at the corporation. He opened up about his experience as an embedded reporter, admitting he was pushing to writing a letter to "say goodbye" to his family when he went to Iraq. He told The Big Issue: "So for instance, when I was embedded with the Royal Marines going into Iraq in 2003, we all had to write goodbye letters to our families, a sort of last will and testament I suppose. “Just in case we didn’t come back. “That process, saying goodbye in letter form, does remind you that you might not get back.”