Pancake day is almost here, leaving little time left to gather the all important batter and toppings to mark the occasion. The crepe pancake is the perfect sweet treat to eat on Shrove Tuesday, but what’s the best recipe to use? Whether you’re fully stocked or on the hunt for some last minute supplies, this simple three ingredient-formula is guaranteed to be a hit. This is how to make easy-flip crepes. British pancakes are a slightly thicker version of the classic French crepe, with a thin base that can be rolled up with sweet or savoury fillings. While there are countless variations of the perfect pancake recipe, the staple ingredients remain the same. Milk, eggs and flour are the main elements in any pancake batter, but how much of each ingredient should you use? READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how Making thin pancakes that are easy to flip really is as simple as one, two, three. To make eight pancakes you will need: With no need for raising agents, salt or sugar, this straightforward formula is easy to remember for years to come. One of the best things about this memorable recipe is that it can easily be doubled or even tripled. The original one, two, three formula will make eight pancakes, but you can make 16 with: For 24 pancakes you will need: DON'T MISS:Easter calendar: Key dates this week - When does Lent start? [INSIGHT]Pancake Day: Mary Berry shares simple pancake recipe [REVEAL]When is Pancake Day? Why Shrove Tuesday is so late this year [LATEST] Once you’ve gathered all three products, begin by whisking the cracked eggs and sieved flour into a thick mixture. Slowly add the milk to loosen up the batter and continue to whisk until it reaches a smooth consistency. Keep beating until there are no lumps and stop as soon as you achieve a silky yet thick liquid mixture. Add a dash of oil and a small lump of butter to a rounded non-stick frying pan and leave on a medium heat. Once your pan has heated up and begins to sizzle, reduce the heat to a low setting and pour in a ladle full of batter. Swirl the liquid around the pan until it is evenly covered and leave to cook for just 30 seconds. When the pancake turns a light golden brown or gathers small brown spots, flip the pancake. Cook on the other side until the entire pancake is cooked through. Fill with your favourite toppings and roll up into a sweet crepe.