Richie, now 72, became famous in the 1970s after starting up with The Commodores in 1968. Although he’s been playing and going on tours for decades now, the star remains in pretty good nick for his age. Richie isn’t the only one in his family to have good health at an old age. The star’s grandmother on his mother’s side of the family lived to 104 and the grandmother on his father’s side reached 98. "I would love to say it's yoga or yoghurt, but it's genetics. I thank my grandmothers every day,” the star told Gulf News during a trip to Dubai. Over the years, the music group made over 100m in sales with countless hits such as All Night Long, Hello and Easy.  Richie, who has been a judge on American Idol, is even set to be back on the show for a fifth season. The singer suggested his exciting career is also a contributing factor to his youthfulness. “It helps that I love what I do: travelling round and acting crazy and making people smile," he said. Although Richie is no doctor, there’s a good chance that he is correct about the impact of his genetics.   A recent study by University College London found a link between genetics and being affected by age related diseases by looking at UK Biobank data. The UK Biobank is a database that stores medical data about over half a million UK participants. This includes data from blood samples, urine and saliva samples and detailed lifestyle information. Professor Linda Partridge from the study said: “The results are important because they suggest that different stages in the ageing process are associated with clusters of diseases with common underlying causes.”   University of Edinburgh researchers also found two proteins that influence how long and healthy our lives are. The level of these proteins called apolipoprotein (LPA) and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), is affected by the DNA inherited from parents. The study stated: “People who inherited DNA that causes raised levels of these proteins were frailer, had poorer self-rated health and were less likely to live an exceptionally long life than those who did not.” High levels of LPA can increase the risk of the arteries becoming clogged up with fat, leading to heart disease and stroke in certain cases.  VCAM 1, on the other hand, can affect how well the immune system behaves. Although he links his youthfulness to his genetics, the star recently admitted that on tours he has relied on mobile health treatment from the startup Heal, which he is an investor for. “I call Heal my safety blanket when I’m on the road,” he told Forbes magazine. “Besides getting great sleep, great food and lots of water, the other thing people on tour will say more times than anything else is, ‘I need a doctor.’” “There’s a number of things that happen on the road that isn't predictable and the problem is you don't want to risk the idea that there’s no convenient way to see a doctor except maybe through the hotel who’ll send you a doctor. “However, there’s certain cases where you might be in someone’s home while on the road. You’re not at a hotel and Heal provides that coverage." 