Manchester City midfielder Phil Foden was verbally abused after he watched Kell Brook beat Amir Khan in a welterweight boxing match at the AO Manchester Arena and the Greater Manchester Police are now investigating the incident. Foden's mother was also punched in the face by a man during the shocking scenes. The incident has not been reported to the police but GMP are making proactive enquiries after a video began circulating on social media. A GMP statement reads: "GMP are aware of a video circulating on social media showing a disturbance at the AO arena last night (19 February 2022). "We are conducting some further enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident." A group of three lads were shouting at Foden as he made his way to his private box at the AO Arena. His mother then came out of the room to defend her son, telling one abuser to 'f*** off', before shoving him to the ground.  The man picked himself up and punched Foden's mother in the face, resulting in a scuffle breaking out. Foden tried to defend his mother by pulling her away from the altercation. The City midfielder then retreated as one of his entourage picked up a fire extinguisher and tried to attack the assaulters. An AO Arena spokesperson has told Express Sport that nobody needed medical attention and security were present. "We are aware of an altercation that took place at the end of the evening as guests were leaving the arena," a spokesperson said. "Venue security were on hand and no one requested medical assistance."   Foden's club City released their own statement saying they are "shocked and appalled" at the incident. It read: "The club is aware of a video which has circulated on social media showing Phil Foden and his family being harassed and abused. "We are shocked and appalled about the nature of the abuse and ensuing assault on one of Phil’s family member. "We will continue to give Phil and his family all the support and assistance they need." Meanwhile, Greater Manchester police told Express Sport they have "received no report relating to this incident." It is unclear if Foden or his family plans to press charges at this stage.  