Rubber balls bounce and no politician of my lifetime has more resembled a rubber ball than the blond one at the despatch box. But it would take a transformation of fortunes to reverse the damage that all those parties, suitcases of plonk, knees-ups and birthday cakes have done. And the initiative would have to come from the PM himself. Well, I may be a minority voice – not the first time! – but it might work if the PM personally launched a programme designed to delight millions of people out here in the sticks. Such a programme would then have to be implemented with a vigour most of us have despaired of seeing again. So let me in a spirit of helpfulness suggest four measures. One, he could kill off the vanity projects that are costing billions, nay hundreds of billions, that we do not have to spare, and divert them to where they are desperately needed. Start with HS2. This was proposed at £20billion. Latest estimate is £107billion but we know there are many more billions yet to come. And the insane obsession with trying to make this country carbon-neutral by 2050. The costs would bankrupt the country.  Two, instigate a really vigorous campaign to make our country energy-independent by tapping the vast ocean of shale oil and gas on which we know we float. So long as we depend on immense quantities of imported oil, gas, wood pellets or even piped-in electricity generated elsewhere we remain a crippled giant, trembling at the very hint of cut-off or disrupted supply. Energy, clean and limitless, is the key to independence nowadays and we have it, not in wholly unreliable wind and sun but in shale oil and the tides which roll in and out, twice a day, unstoppable and free. Three, transform the North with no-tax free-trade zones to suck in tens of thousands of start-up companies and Singapore-copying free ports to attract the merchant fleets of the world to our great but slumbering northern harbours. None of this would work without four, the biggest reform of all. Get rid of the immense and useless bureaucracy that hangs like a millstone round all our necks – and I mean tens of thousands of useless form-filling rules and regulations inflicted by a bloated officialdom.  Bring in go-getters from the private sector, trained to disciplines which require you succeed or leave in a hurry. Boris Johnson has spent 25 years railing about over-regulation and done nothing about it since he had the power. His one blistering success was in bringing in Kate Bingham to create and oversee the vaccine roll-out in which she trounced Europe and USA for speed and efficiency. We have 50 Kate Binghams. So Prime Minister, get rid of the dead wood, the dross who need a month to do what others can do in a morning, and we might, just might, cheer you again. If we do, your own party will sniff the wind and change its mind. But be sure of this. We are sick and tired of the lethargy, the failures, the excuses and the chaos.  If there is one thing I hate more than another it is a factual report revealing a reason to make us ashamed of this country. Whenever such a story appears the source is almost always our bungling civil service. Now it appears that although every Western country helped by Afghans during our 20-year occupation of their country evacuated those loyalists, only Britain abandoned a substantial number to their fate if ever the vengeful Taliban found them.  There was one category that was and remains especially in peril. Apart from those who accompanied our troops and acted as interpreters in the field there was a group at the heart of our vital intelligence machine. These listened with headphones to intercept Taliban high-ups talking in local dialect which defeated our own best linguists. And what they heard revealed ambush after ambush, planned attack after attack. Intercepting all this obviously saved a lot of British lives. At the end, as the Taliban took over the country with blistering speed, getting them and their families out before the Taliban could find them and murder them fell not to the Ministry of Defence but to the useless articles at the Foreign Office, for whom they worked. It seems most were just abandoned. Those who phoned begging for help were told to wait their turn. They would be contacted. But they weren’t. Even worse, it seems the records have been captured and the Taliban know who they are. One told the British media his father was taken and tortured to reveal his son’s whereabouts.  Labour MP Dan Jarvis who served in Afghanistan as a soldier has claimed British efforts to find them and get them out are in chaos. The numbers are tiny – a fraction of the nightly stream of illegals across the Channel who have done nothing for us. If our bumbling premier had half a wit, he would raise Cain among the mandarins lolling at their desks (or more likely still “working from home”), get every last Afghan who ever helped us out of there, and personally go to the airport to greet them and welcome them to their new home. He could, in the public eye, go from zero to hero with that single gesture.  London used to be such a pleasure to visit that the CO and I were often in the West End. Nor were we the only ones by a long chalk. Hundreds of thousands of others thronged the pavements after dark, either for the theatre or a convivial dinner with friends, or both. As we would be heading in, the toiling commuters made for home so there was little congestion and plenty of harmless parking alongside the empty pavements. More to the point for Londoners, our wallets brought prosperity which helped generate a wealthy capital city.  Then came Mayor Sadiq Khan. With his politically correct but economically suicidal war on cars he has made London virtually unvisitable. Every hour struggling against thousands of road works and lane-blockages leaves the visitor heading back for home in the outer suburbs or countryside drained with stress. Now he intends to extend the Ultra Low Emission Zone to the villages and hamlets of the ultra-outer suburbs where pollution is tiny. This measure will impinge mainly on the less well-off – very clever for a Socialist – because they cannot afford a brand new eco-mobile to drive around in. Every major city depends for its prosperity on the sprawl lying beyond the suburbs. By encouraging this divorce Mr Khan, inset above, has simply guaranteed a budgetary deficit which tax hikes for London-dwellers will have to meet. With rising prices, climbing inflation, the NI increase pending and energy costs ruinous, the extra burden of living in London is going to make life no fun at all for an inhabitant of the capital. It is possible by careful selection to enjoy an evening of entertainment on the TV from six until midnight, so the CO and I did exactly that earlier this week. The comedies were still hilariously funny and the thrillers intricate but comprehensible with an ingenious climax at the end when all became clear. And everything was well-acted and delivered in crystal-clear language with no need for subtitles, no filthy language or extreme sex. But here’s the rub. It was all over 20 years old, so repeats of repeats. Like the best of them all, Foyle’s War. The contemporary output has over-long laborious plotting, concerned with the protagonists’ mental and family “issues”, near-impossible to follow with the f-word in every sentence and the only climax in bed. It seems younger writers and directors yearn to be “modern” so the dialogue must be mumbled to the point where the subtitles are indispensable and the plotting incomprehensible. But what is the point of being a storyteller if you can’t tell a story? “Trendy” has a lot to answer for.