Those under the age of 22 living in the country are now able to benefit from free travel on buses. Currently, this latest scheme is open to young people who have a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. The Scottish Government’s bus travel pass scheme was fully rolled out as of January 31, 2021. With the latest expansion of travel concessions in Scotland, around 2.3 million people in the country have a free bus pass or equivalent discount. This figure includes all young people under the age of 22, those over 60 who qualify for free bus travel, disabled people and carers. Old NEC cards are not eligible for this concession and anyone interested in getting it must apply for a new or replacement card. Young people can apply online at getyournec.scot or on parentsportal.scot, if a parent is putting in application on behalf of their child. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Outlining the reasoning behind the bus pass, Jenny Gilruth, the Minister for Transport, said: “Thanks to the Scottish Government, every young person under 22 in Scotland with an entitlement card can now travel for free by bus across Scotland. “Extending free bus travel will make public transport more affordable, and help give many young people wider access to more education, leisure, and work opportunities. It will also support the choice to travel sustainably early in their lives. “Increasing bus use will help us achieve our world-leading goal of reducing the number of kilometres travelled by car by 20 percent by 2030 and reaching net zero emissions by 2045. “It will also support local bus services to recover, as we all emerge from the most recent COVID-19 restrictions. “Please remember that to keep people safe, face coverings are still required on public transport for those aged 12 or older, unless otherwise exempt.” Patrick Harvie MSP, the Minister for Zero Carbon Buildings, Active Travel and Tenants’ Rights, added: “This is an exciting moment for sustainable travel in Scotland. “Today’s start line for free bus travel to under 22s shows how we can tackle inequality, respond to the climate emergency and improve the lives of young people through decisive government action. “As we work to secure a green recovery from the pandemic, free bus travel will create new opportunities, protect our climate while at the same time reducing financial barriers for young people right across the country.” However, the scheme has faced some criticism for the Scottish Government encouraging young people to only use the bus pass to make essential journeys. Citing the ongoing pandemic, the devolved Government wants to discourage anyone from inadvertently spreading the virus by making unnecessary travel. Examples of essential journeys would include work, school, university, apprenticeships or vital doctors appointments. These comments received backlash from Scottish Labour’s Transport Secretary Neil Bibby, who described the Government’s standing as “not acceptable”. Writing to the Scottish Government’s Transport Secretary, Mr BIbby explained: “The Scottish Government’s mixed messages over when to apply and difficulties reported by parents and young people about how to apply could discourage applications and mean that young people will miss out on their new entitlement to free bus travel, including many of those who need it most. That is simply not acceptable." A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: "From January 31, 5-21 year olds living in Scotland with a valid National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC will be able to travel free on buses. “However, given the situation with the pandemic, we are asking that only those who rely on the bus for essential journeys apply for cards at this time.”