Ukrainian Ambassador Vadym Prystaiko  slammed Vladimir Putin for his recent decision claiming that Mr Putin has no one around him to hell him "he's stupid." Russia's president has decided to recognise Russia-backed Donetsk and Luhansk as independent regions causing speculation that this may be an invasion tactic. Putin is set to face harsh financial sanctions due to his recent actions, Mr Prystaiko warned that Putin is still operating like he is President in the Soviet Union era.  BBC host Dan Walker said: "And will Vladimir Putin listen to any of that? Will sanctions work? Will they make an impact?" Mr Prystaiko said: "If you see his security council meeting, he was not even listening to his own people. "He is becoming more and more isolated in his thoughts, he doesn't even have the advisers anymore, they've ridden the roles being given. "So this is the problem when the leader is in power for many years and he still lives in the former era. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms    Mr Prystaiko added: "Like Putin in the Soviet Union era, and there is nobody to tell him that this particular move is stupid, you don't have to do it. Mr Walker said: "Can I ask you about a potential military response from Ukraine, are the Ukrainian army ready to respond? How might that look in the next few days?" The Ukrainian Ambassador said: "We stay where we stayed all the time, so we don't have to move anywhere. "We promised our people in occupied territory that we won't come, we won't bombard, we won't do anything our forces were there. "What we had to do, we had to increase the number, we had 250,000, we now increase the number to another 100,000 people." READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop     Foreign Secretary Liz Truss verified that the UK Government would be imposing new sanctions for Russia on Tuesday. Prime Minister Boris Johnson responded to Ms Truss' confirmation, saying:  "This is plainly in breach of international law. This is a flagrant violation of the sovereignty and integrity of Ukraine. "It is a repudiation of the Minsk process and the Minsk agreements and I think it's a very ill omen and a very dark sign." Speaking to Sky News this morning, Mr Johnosn added: "He's sent troops in, he's broken international law, he's repudiated the Minsk agreements, and torn up the understanding from Budapest in 1994 that Ukraine's territorial integrity would be respected. DON’T MISS: Expert warns China laser shot in Aussie waters 'closest attempt at military intimidation'Russia troops being pulled back from Ukraine border: Statement IN FULLMount Etna erupts again spewing a seven-mile ash cloud into the sky seen by astronauts "He's completely torn up international law and we will immediately institute a package of economic sanctions, which I think his people would expect. "Targeted not just at entities in Donbas, in Luhansk and Donetsk, but in Russia itself targeting Russian economic interests as hard as we can." The Prime Minister then went on to speak about Russian President Putin fighting Ukraine, adding: "The UK will be engaged actively in diplomacy at all levels to try to find a way forward, other than through the violence that President Putin seems to be proposing. "I think the most difficult thing now for Vladimir Putin is in prosecuting this war, he will come up against something that I think will be very hard for him to beat. "And that is the Ukrainian sense of national pride and their determination to defend their country and to fight for it." 