TV presenter Lorraine Kelly, 62, has always been very open about her health and weight and when it came to losing the pounds, she was more than happy to share her journey. Like many, the ITV star fell victim to comfort eating when the multiple coronavirus lockdowns hit England, but since becoming an ambassador for WW (formerly Weight Watchers), she spoke of her mission to get back in shape. In a recent interview, the Scottish fan-favourite spoke to Sunday People, where she detailed her cravings. "During the pandemic I started comfort eating and that was my downfall – comfort eating and not being able to go to my fitness classes," she explained. "When those classes stopped I started eating far too much – it was things that I would probably never bother with. "I wanted muffins, I wanted croissants, I wanted doughnuts." READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble She went on to admit it was a short-lived pleasure: "All of these things that you know you shouldn’t be having and you think it’s making you feel better at the time and it doesn’t. "And so slowly, slowly, slowly over the past couple of years, I’ve gone from a size 10 to a size 14..." Lorraine also revealed that she prefer to "tweak" her food habits rather than use fad diets, that don't work for her. She said: "Every woman who’s ever dieted knows that a diet doesn’t work. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] "You’re not going to eat cabbages for the rest of your life! It’s ridiculous. "I love curries, they’re my favourite things. "But what I do now is I use the recipes in the WW app. "You just cook them in a different way or you use different things. So it’s just wee tweaks." Lorraine uses the personalised WW app, which she admitted not only helped her focus on her diet and fitness again, but also gave her mental health a boost, too. She also noted that portion control and curbing the urge to snack is "so important" as well as being "sensible". The mother-of-one recently spoke candidly about her weight loss news on Instagram, where she revealed to her 474,000 followers that she had lost three and a half pounds by following her new WW diet. @wwsuzystirfry captioned the image: "This is what losing THREE AND A HALF POUNDS on holiday looks like! Please join me in congratulating @lorrainekellysmith in nailing her new plan!" She added: "You’re on fire," followed by heart and fire emojis. "You really can live your life the way you want to on Personal Points," Suzy added. On February 17, the TV host posted an Instagram video where she had just completed an exercise class. Lorraine said: "Another fab exercise class with @joycemaryrose - tough, but great fun and fantastic music. Feeling so much better physically and mentally."