Kate Middleton stepped out wearing a bright red blazer during her visit to Denmark. The Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Copenhagen earlier today for a two-day tour - her first official royal trip in three years because of the pandemic. Kate was in Denmark to “focus on early years and childhood development, and to see how the Danish way of doing things works so well”. The first stop on her visit was at The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood aims to drive awareness of and action on the impact of the early years in a child's development. This visit is an opportunity for Kate to learn from Danish experts about children’s learning and development who are world leaders in the field. READ MORE: Meghan Markle: Why Duchess prefers hugs to handshakes For the occasion, Kate wore a red blazer which is from high street brand Zara. The material was textured, and featured a double-breasted front, with lapel collar and pronounced shoulders. It was the same red blazer that she wore to the Euro 2020 England v Germany game. Kate is such a fan of this jacket that she has another but in bright green which she wore during a video filmed for St Patrick’s Day last year. DON'T MISS...Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss [EXPERT]Michael Mosley: Eat eggs for breakfast for ‘rapid weight loss’ success [COMMENT]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] Kate paired the blazer with black wide leg trousers and a white top which was a cotton v-neck layering top with ruffles along the collar from ME+EM. She accessorised the outfit with a small black bag from the brand Aspinal of London. The exact bag is Midi Mayfair Bag in Deeo Shine Black Croc and Kate has been seen with it before. As for her shoes, the Duchess chose Gianvito Rossi’s ‘Piper 85’ Black Suede Pumps. Earlier in the day, when she met Denmark's ambassador Emma Hopkins, Kate had a bigger black bag. This was from Smythson and is the Black Panama East West Zip Tote - another bag from Kate’s wardrobe. In terms of jewellery, Kate chose pearl drop earrings and a matching necklace. Her hair was down in its signature loose wave. During her visit to Denmark, the Duchess will be received by Queen Margrethe II, 81, who is celebrating her Golden Jubilee this year, and will carry out an engagement with Australian-born Crown Princess Mary, 49. The trip will also pay tribute to the historic ties between Britain and Denmark and will celebrate the joint Jubilees taking place in each country this year: the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II, marking 70 years on the British throne, and the Golden Jubilee of Margrethe II, making 50 years on the Danish throne.