An alleged UFO crash site has been uncovered in Antarctica after a mysterious object was spotted on Google Maps. Footage of the discovery was posted online by UFO YouTuber MrMBB333, who captioned the video: "Looks like something MIGHT have landed in the middle of Antarctica leaving a GOUGE in the snow!" Viewers suggested that the object "favours the shape of a triangle craft". The YouTuber said: "Looks like something may have slid into the snow. It definitely favours the shape of a triangle craft. "You can see a dent in the snow as well. "It could just be a rogue rock, but there is nothing else out in this area. "This is the only thing that shows up in the middle of the snow." JUST IN: Ukraine thanks Britain for wrecking Russia invasion plots When analysing the object, MrMBB333 continued: "Looks like a black triangle craft. "It looks like a boomerang, or what was once a flying machine that landed in the snow out here. "You can see the feature of what looks like a winged craft sitting in Antarctica." He also pointed to a nearby object that looked "like the shadow of a pyramid" in the snow. The video, which racked up over 50,000 views, spurred a frenzied discussion. Donnaleigh Jenkins responded: "Wow, that definitely looks like a triangle craft of some kind in the snow there in Antarctica! "Especially when you show it through some of the different filters. Great find!" Shannon reacted: "What will be interesting to see is to check back in a week and see if the object is still in the snow……" Pam Anderson posited: "Could the part that looks like a gouge in the Antarctic be a snowdrift on the downwind side of an object that the wind has partially excavated from the snow?" DON'T MISS: Labour's Lammy urges Boris to copy Macron's policies [INTERVIEW]Brexit should be Boris' priority! DUP demands Article 16 commitment [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Prince William and Kate signal support for Camilla [LIVE BLOG] in other UFO news, an apparent sighting above Oklahoma of a spiral-shaped object turned out to be a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket. According to Mike Collier, the chief meteorologist for Tulsa’s KJRH, the unique spiral pattern that appeared was likely caused by the rocket’s second stage fuel release mechanism. FOX23 meteorologist Laura Mock cross-checked the SpaceX live stream and concluded that “this rocket would have flown very close to Oklahoma" after its launch from Florida. She tweeted: “The rocket was going through its final orbital burn over the centre of the country after already circling the globe once.”