Haas team principal Guenther Steiner will not appear at today's scheduled press conference in Barcelona amid the ongoing military situation involving Russia in Ukraine, according to reports. The American-owned team, who are financially supported by Russian firm Uralkali, are in action at this week's pre-season test at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. Steiner has served as Haas' team principal since they entered Formula One back in 2014 after partnering with the team's multi-millionaire owner, Gene Haas. Haas made the decision to pull the 56-year-old from a planned press conference in Barcelona earlier on Thursday, according to journalist Chris Medland. It is also said that Haas are preparing to release a statement on the current events involving Russia following the country's invasion of Ukraine in the early hours of this morning. Steiner previously refused to be drawn into commenting on the political implications of the situation when quizzed on the matter earlier this month. "We are not getting involved in these politics," he said. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton shuts down Max Verstappen meet-up after Red Bull trip "Obviously, like everybody watches what is going on in the moment in the world, it’s all over the world that things are going on. "So, we watch it and if there is something, we will deal with it. But at the moment, we don’t get involved in it because we don’t have a vote on these things, to be honest, and I’m glad that we don’t have a vote on this. "We are here for the sport and that is what they are doing. Then [if] something is coming up, sanctions or whatever, we will deal with it. "But in the moment, there is nothing we can do about it." Haas have been sponsored by Uralkali since 2021 after they announced a multi-year partnership with the Russian organisation at the start of last season. The fertiliser production and exportation company is part-owned by Dmitry Mazepin, who is the father of Haas driver Nikita Mazepin. Steiner previously thanked Uralkali for their investment by revealing that his team would have ceased to exist if they had not managed to strike a deal with the firm last year. "I had to find several opportunities to allow the team to move forward because the future of many families depended on it," Steiner told Danish publication Ekstra Bladet. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "Sometimes you are forced to make decisions, even if you don’t like them at all. As a result, it was a choice tied solely to economic reasons. "There was no anger or dissatisfaction. The alternative was that we wouldn’t be here today, and that’s something people need to understand." Meanwhile, four-time F1 champion Sebastian Vettel has insisted that this year's Russian Grand Prix should be cancelled as a result of the week's events in Ukraine. "Obviously if you look at the calendar, we have a race scheduled in Russia," the German driver told reporters. "For myself, my own opinion is I should not go, I will not go. I think it’s wrong to race in that country."