Mikel Arteta has been told to avoid repeating his mistakes with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Arsenal legend Ray Parlour believes Alexandre Lacazette has since stepped up but his contract will expire at the end of the season. Arsenal pushed their case to finish in the top four on Thursday night with a crucial and dramatic win over Wolves at the Emirates. Despite being a goal down for large portions of the match, Lacazette scored in the last minute to claim all three points. It was the latest performance the Frenchman has put in since becoming the main man up front following Aubameyang’s departure. He has also been given the captaincy but the 30-year-old looks likely to leave at the end of the season when his contract expires. But Parlour believes that would be a huge mistake on Arteta’s behalf and has told his old club to tie the forward down to a new deal. “He’s certainly took the role on board. At times when Aubameyang was captain, he was probably sitting on the bench,” the former midfielder told talkSPORT. “Now he’s the main man up-front and he’s really took it and grasped the opportunity to say ‘look, I’m gonna lead by example’. “Which he has done, as I said before, his work-rate off the ball was excellent last night, it really was. “Let’s hope they can do a deal with Lacazette, because I’d love to see him stay at the club for another year. “There’s been signs that it’s not going to be a big deal like Aubameyang got, he’s a grounded footballer, probably just give him the same deal again. “Hopefully they can get a deal. They still need to buy strikers in the summer, but he’s always good to have around the dressing room.” Arteta confirmed that Lacazette would take on the role as captain despite many tipping the likes of Kieran Tierney and Ben White for the role. But Parlour believes the former Lyon star is the best option for a squad that has plenty of young talents. He added: “It sounds like the youngsters are really learning from him, which is important and you need that right balance in the football club. “You need good youngsters but you’ve got to have a couple who have been around the block, who know exactly what you have to do on a daily basis and on matchday.”