Liverpool hero Danny Murphy has ridiculed Manchester United players for celebrating the victory over Leeds 'like they'd won the title'. United beat old rivals Leeds 4-2 in a dramatic match at Elland Road on Sunday. Marcelo Bielsa's side came from two goals down to level the match at 2-2 before the visitors raced into an unassailable lead in the second half. United started the weekend in fourth in the Premier League table and maintained a stronghold on that position with three points in Yorkshire. Ralf Rangnick's side overcame a fierce atmosphere, where one of United's goalscorers Anthony Elanga was struck by an object thrown by the Leeds support. The final whistle cued jubilant celebrations from the Red Devils players and interim boss Rangnick, who fist-pumped the air in front of the travelling fans. But Murphy took exception to how the United squad reacted to the win. JUST IN: Chelsea star warned Thomas Tuchel will move on without him - 'They won't wait'  Murphy is already not a favourite with United supporters, having scored three separate winners in 1-0 wins at Old Trafford during his playing career at Liverpool. But his latest criticism is sure to rile the club's faithful again. Murphy says it shows how far United have fallen that they celebrated a win over Leeds as much as they did. He understands the passion of the fixture but insists the expectations of a club the size of United should be much higher. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win [INTERVIEW]Jack Wilshere's wages at new club compared to Arsenal stars - Granit Xhaka earns 20x more [NEWS]Tottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turn [QUOTES]  Murphy said on talkSPORT: "The thing I can say about United is that this is how far they've come, and it's a shame because they are a brilliant club. "But they were celebrating that win at Leeds to cement that fourth position for the time being like they'd won the title. "I was watching it and going 'okay, passion, emotion, I get it - but this is Man United'. "Okay they're now in fourth, 'well done boys, you've won at Leeds who have conceded the second-most goals in the Premier League'. They should be beating Leeds and Brighton.  "They've spent the most money in the Premier League and they're celebrating fourth position and talking about 'a couple of months ago we wouldn't have won this game'. The expectations have got to be higher. "To be honest, the feeling is that United have won two in a week and now are in fourth and everything's alright again. I don't concur with that."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here