Earlier this week the latest Disney film, Death on the Nile, was banned from being played in both Lebanon and Kuwait. The two middle-eastern countries have announced they will not be showing the new whodunnit movie after one of the star's involvements in the Israeli military. The film stars a massive cast of Hollywood A-listers, including Kenneth Branagh as the legendary detective Hercule Poirot, as well as Black Panther star Letitia Wright, Russell Brand and Emma Mackey. The two main stars of the movie are Armie Hammer and Gal Gadot. Unfortunately for the Fox film, both of these actors have found themselves embroiled in some public scandal. In the past year, Hammer's reported sexual exploits were "posted online" by a number of women. Instagram user @houseofeffie shared screenshots of messages which were said to have been sent from Hammer's account to various women. These messages involved discussions of fantasies of rape, BDSM and cannibalism. Hammer has since called these claims "bulls**t" and denied them through a lawyer. His lawyer statement read: "These assertions about Mr Hammer are patently untrue. Any interactions with this person, or any partner of his, were completely consensual in that they were fully discussed, agreed upon, and mutually participatory. The stories being perpetuated in the media are a misguided attempt to present a one-sided narrative with the goal of tarnishing Mr Hammer’s reputation, and communications from the individuals involved prove that." Hammer reportedly went to a treatment centre on May 31, 2021. He left on December 12, 2021. READ MORE: Death on the Nile REVIEW: Kenneth Branagh's second Poirot movie Now, Kuwait and Lebanon will not be playing Death on the Nile due to the countries' protest of Israeli actor Gadot. Gadot, who is best known for portraying Diana Prince / Wonder Woman in the DC Comics films, is an Israeli native who has served in her country's military for two years. The mandated service has prompted the two countries to refuse to play the adaptation of the Agatha Christie novel. DON'T MISS...Death on the Nile REVIEW: Kenneth Branagh's second Poirot movie [REVIEW]Death on the Nile: What is the release date of Death on the Nile? [INSIGHT]Death on the Nile release date, cast, trailer, plot [INFO] The Daily Mail confirmed the countries were banning the film following an outburst of protests on social media. The publication said: "social media users in Kuwait also slammed [Gadot's] praise of the IDF and her criticism of Hamas during the 2014 war in Gaza." A statement has not yet been made by Disney or Gadot on the issue. Death on the Nile is in cinemas now. SOURCE / SOURCE