The outlandish teen series based on Archie Comics began life as a dark high school drama before leaping forward seven years during the fifth season. As Riverdale prepares to steam ahead with the rest of season six airing next month on The CW and Netflix, the show’s biggest stars have shared their predictions for the series’ future. Veronica Lodge star Camila Mendes has broken her silence on a potential seventh season of Riverdale happening later this year. Currently in its sixth season, the series has beguiled and baffled fans all over the world since its debut in 2017. Following a spooky crossover event with spin-off series The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, which brought back Kiernan Shipka as the teenage witch, season six will get back underway next month. However, Camila and her co-stars agree Riverdale may only last for one more season before coming to an end. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life “I give it another season,” she predicted in a recent interview with Entertainment Tonight, a rather worrying prediction for diehard fans who want the show to live on for years to come. “I think we'll go through season seven. Here's hoping. We'll see.” Although fan reactions to the series have become increasingly divisive, Riverdale is still a big draw for audiences on its home network, The CW. Plus, the drama has seen further international success thanks to new episodes becoming available the day after their initial broadcast on Netflix. However, ratings have certainly taken a decline since Riverdale’s stellar first outing, so CW execs may be making plans to bring the series to a close. Major stars such as Marisol Nichols and Skeet Ulrich have already bowed out, and season four featured the sad departure of Fred Andrews following the death of actor Luke Perry. As the series’ four leads are coming to the end of their contracts, they may be keen to pursue new projects rather than return for an eighth or ninth season. Camila’s co-star Cole Sprouse hinted as much in his earlier chat with ET during the start of season six. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist’s James Spader confirms season 10 return [LATEST]A Discovery of Witches star’s son helped develop character [INSIGHT]Dan Walker ‘blindsides’ Truss with Russian donor pic [DEBATE] He explained: “I think just in a straight-up legal sense, contractually it started at seven seasons, which is a pretty standard contract for film and television, so I don't know what happens after that. “But the world of Riverdale is open-ended enough to kind of flex alongside that. “But I think the quality of a wonderful program is knowing how to wrap it up and say, 'Hey, we love you guys. This is the end, and I hope you guys enjoyed the ride.’” Betty Cooper star Lili Reinhart also echoed Camila’s thoughts in an Instagram Live conversation last year. “I don't know,” she said. “We're hoping for a season seven. And then that will probably be the last one.” The CW has yet to confirm whether a seventh season is in the works, though sadly season six will be returning two weeks later than expected. While Riverdale’s conclusion isn’t in sight just yet, fans can no doubt expect the final season to be just as steamy, campy and bonkers as previous instalments. Riverdale season 6 continues Sunday, March 20 on The CW in the USA and the following Monday on Netflix in the UK.