The Last Kingdom season five arrives on Netflix on March 9 and the historical drama will take place years into the future. By this time Aethelflaed (played by Millie Brady) has established herself as the Lady of Mercia. She found a trustworthy friend in her commander of the household guard, Aldhelm (James Northcote), but this was not always the case. The Last Kingdom is based on The Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell, with season five taking inspiration from books nine and 10. The final instalment is likely to feature the unification of England as one kingdom, under Aethelstan's (Harry Gilby) rule. Meanwhile, Aethelflaed and her brother Edward (Timothy Innes) face pressure to protect their lands from enemies. Aldhelm is only a supporting character in The Saxon Stories, but he played a pivotal role in the TV show. He switched his allegiance to help Aethelflaed escape the clutches of her heartless husband, Aethelred (Toby Regbo). READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Finan star issues warning after scam Aldhelm was a strategic adviser and right-hand man to Aethelred but in the end, he believed Aethelflaed would be a better ruler of Mercia. After Aethelred's death, he continued to support and guide Aethelflaed during her rule. Yet fans have pointed out how Aldhelm had an antagonistic side in the original novel series. Sunrisebysea said on Reddit: "The Netflix Aldhelm in nothing at all like Aldhelm in the books. "He is vile and killed early on. Netflix Aldhelm becomes likeable and is a loyal warrior to Mercia and Aethelflaed. "I often wonder what made them take this direction and that off many other characters." Fish-- added: "I agree, however they needed this kinda supporting character for Aethelflaed. "One that would be close to Mercia, the king and saw his king was not acting for the good of Mercia. "I wish they had the time to make this 15 seasons, but unfortunately, they can't." Mmoores202 explained: "They just combined Aldhelm with the book character Myrdwalla. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: Queen Aelswith speaks on goodbye to series [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra to kill Brida after trailer clue? [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom season 5: Aethelflaed and Uhtred get back together? [INSIGHT] "It’s a pretty major deviation from the books but it does work for the show. "I like the change they made. Myrdwalla was a fire character tho." [Sic] In the book series, Aldhalm is killed after being stabbed in the neck by Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon). His final appearance is in The Burning Land, which is the fifth book in the series. In The Burning Land, Aethelred tries to get a divorce from Aethelflaed by having Aldhelm sleep with her and commit adultery. Uhtred returned to Aethelflaed's side with 40 men to rescue her from Lord Aldhelm. Dandylegs continued on Reddit: "I'm very glad they at least have a nod to Merewalh through Aldhelm. "Aldhelm was nasty in the books and got his comeuppance, while Merewalh was faithful throughout. "It makes TLK's Aldhelm more dimensional to combine the two characters!" Fans can only hope Aldhelm is not killed trying to protect Aethelflaed in the final season.  The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on Netflix on March 9.