Waitrose is one of two supermarkets currently recalling a product because of possible salmonella presence. A food recall is when there is a problem with a product meaning it should not be sold. Instead, it is withdrawn - taken off the shelves - and customers are then asked to return the product to the store. Waitrose is recalling Waitrose & Partners Green Pesto with Basil. This item was recently on sale for £2.25 but is no longer available. The product details are: The pack size is 145g. The use by date is February 27, 2022. The product is being recalled because salmonella has been found. READ MORE: Morrisons supermarket cracks down on milk packaging Symptoms caused by salmonella typically include fever, diarrhoea, and abdominal cramps. As for what action Waitrose & Partners is taking, alongside recalling the product, point of sale notices will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling this product. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product. Waitrose & Partners have asked anyone who has recently bought the item to: “Do not consume. Package up the item. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton style: Duchess of Cambridge wears red Zara blazer [PICTURES]Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss [EXPERT]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] “Return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund.” Customers can contact Waitrose’s Customer Care on 0800 188 884, choose option four, to discuss further. Waitrose has also said: “We apologise that it has been necessary to recall this product and for the inconvenience caused.” Earlier this week, Waitrose recalled two pork products. The product was Awfully Posh Pork Crackling 40g and Awfully Posh Pork Scratchings 40g. Both have been on sale for 99p. The Awfully Posh Pork Crackling 40g was all date codes up to and including Best Before July 23, 2022. The Awfully Posh Pork Scratchings 40g was all date codes up to and including Best Before June 25, 2022. Again, Waitrose is recalling the above products due to the possible presence of salmonella which if consumed by someone may lead to illness. Customers are asked to do the same as above: “Do not consume, package up the item. “Return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund.”