Inheritance tax is set at 40 percent of the value of assets above a particular threshold - usually £325,000. Many people will be hoping to legally avoid the sum, frequently viewed as a ‘death tax’. But because inheritance tax is also viewed as voluntary, Britons will need to act if they hope to slash their bill. Fortunately, there are numerous ways by which to reduce inheritance tax liabilities. Perhaps one of the easiest ways to lower, or even eliminate an inheritance tax bill is by using financial gifts. Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at BestInvest, highlighted several tax-free gifts people can make each year. READ MORE: Pension alert as families may face 'significant tax charge' He added: “These leave your estate immediately so there won’t be any inheritance tax to pay.” The first gifts Britons can make use of are those made to a civil partner, husband or wife. This is true if their permanent home is in the UK according to the rules. There is no inheritance tax to pay on gifts between spouses or civil partners, so people can gift them as much as they like during their lifetime. DON'T MISSBritons to receive ‘modest’ income as triple lock suspended [INSIGHT]State pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% [LATEST]Good news as thousands of Britons become ISA millionaires [UPDATE] In addition, Britons can also give away up to £3,000 in gifts each tax year. This can also be carried over for a total of one year, which can create a £6,000 allowance. This is known as the “annual exemption”, and will not be added to the value of a person’s estate. Furthermore, Britons can make an unlimited number of gifts up to £250 per person. This is as long as the individual has not used another allowance on the same person. This exemption is known as a small gift allowance, particularly useful for transferring modest amounts of money. Finally, an important gift Britons can utilise is when weddings occur, especially in their family. Each tax year, individuals can give a tax free gift to someone who is getting married or entering into a civil partnership. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is up to: The Government explains: “If you’re giving gifts to the same person, you can combine a wedding gift allowance with any other allowance, except for the small gift allowance. “For example, you can give your child a wedding gift of £5,000 as well as £3,000 using your annual exemption in the same tax year.” No tax will be due on gifts a person gives as long as they live for seven years after gifting them.