The most obvious is that Hitler believed in his own propaganda, as does Putin today. In 1940, when Germany invaded Poland, France, Belgium and Holland and crushed them within a few short weeks, Hitler announced he had won the war and ascribed the fact to his own military genius. In fact he’d already lost the war: these would prove to be hollow, temporary victories. In truth, by the time Hitler was parading in triumph around Nazi-occupied Paris, he had scarcely four years left to live. By 1945 the Fuhrer would jam a pistol into his mouth in the ruins of Berlin and be immolated in a hasty, petrol-fuelled funeral pyre in his shattered bunker. Some victory. Some genius. Putin’s desperate adventurism in Ukraine, based on his completely loopy interpretations of Russian history, is a strategy straight out of the 1930s fascist playbook and is similarly doomed to ultimate failure. And remember that in Russia, the men in the shadows always come for their leaders when they screw up. Depending on the effectiveness of a Ukranian resistance movement, I give Putin 18 months – if he’s lucky. But we are in the here and now, so just how dangerous a moment is this? And that, in my view, is where the parallels with Putin and Hitler’s own brutal expansionism begin to break down. Because now, we have the bomb. It’s the vast nuclear arsenal held by Russia, America and ourselves which simultaneously has allowed Putin to invade his neighbour and yet ties his hands from doing anything similar anywhere else along his borders, specifically by launching an attack on a Nato country. We cannot counter-attack in Ukraine using Nato’s vastly superior conventional forces, to do so would be an incredibly risky enterprise. Not that our tanks, planes and missiles wouldn’t swiftly prevail, but a direct armed contest between the great Western democracies and Putin’s dictatorship would rapidly escalate into something much more dangerous. To save the day and save face, he might threaten to use tactical nuclear battlefield weapons. Some think he already has. Then we really would be looking at the Third World War. On the other hand, he knows that unlike Hitler’s land-grab of the Czech Sudetenland in 1938, followed by his gobbling up of the entire country and then his invasion of Poland, France, Belgium and Holland, Ukraine is where the Russian armoured bus stops. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea An attempt to occupy, say, Latvia, would instantly trigger a Nato response and we’d be straight back to a global conflict. And lest we forget, there’s a helpful acronym for what would happen then: MAD. Mutually Assured Destruction. It’s a great irony in mankind’s history that the most destructive weapons ever developed have actually managed to keep world peace since both sides got their hands on them.