Manchester City gave their hopes of retaining their Premier League crown a boost after battling to a vital 1-0 win over Everton - but they left it late to clinch the points at Goodison Park. Pep Guardiola's side suffered a major setback in their title defence last weekend after they fell to a last-gasp 3-2 defeat to Tottenham. But they were able to rebound on Merseyside after Phil Foden struck in the 82nd minute to steal all three points for City to keep Liverpool at arms length. Here, Express Sport takes a look at four things we learned during Saturday's stalemate... Foden's integration into the first-team at Manchester City was certainly a meticulous process - but City are definitely reaping the rewards of Guardiola measured approach. Foden has been deployed as an auxiliary forward by Guardiola for the majority of the season, and he's quickly evolved into one of Guardiola's main men after he failed to snap up a new striker last summer. The City academy graduate has popped up with vital goals over the past couple of years for City - but few will be more pivotal than his late strike at Goodison Park. Foden's late intervention could end up making all the difference in City's title bid, even if they didn't particularly convince against Frank Lampard's plucky side. It almost feels quite fitting that it's a boyhood City fan leading the charge for what would be their fourth title in five years, wtih Foden's transition from bit-part player to main man now complete. JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash For the majority of the season, Manchester City have looked like the well-oiled, championship-winning machine that they have evolved into under Guardiola's stewardship over the past few years. However, chinks have started to appear in City's armour over the past couple of weeks - and an uninspiring first half display against the Toffees could hardly have come at a worse time for City. In fairness, Everton hardly rolled out the red carpet for City. Although City were nullified impressively by their dogged hosts, they were wasteful in the final third and failed to manufacture enough to properly trouble Jordan Pickford in the Everton goal. They upped the ante after the break but left it late to find the elusive goal they required to keep their title bid on track. And even with Foden's late strike, the Premier League title race is no longer the foregone conclusion that it seemed to be a few weeks ago. DON'T MISS...Leeds boss Marcelo Bielsa hits back at reporter after Tottenham lossLeeds have 'unusual' problem to overcome to sack Marcelo BielsaLeeds board's top four candidates to replace Bielsa after Spurs defeat Although Guardiola is renowned for rotating his plethora of superstars, it's hard top fathom just why Riyad Mahrez wasn't brought back into the fold for the trip to Merseyside. The Algerian wizard is City's leading scorer by some distance after plundering 18 goals in just 30 games this season. However, that impressive tally wasn't enough to nudge him back into the starting line-up after he started the clash with Tottenham on the bench. Hindsight is a wonderful thing, but City could have severely done with having Mahrez's attacking guile on the pitch. City lacked the clinical edge required to break Everton's stubborn resistance - which made Mahrez's absence even more peculiar. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ The Toffees have very real relegation fears after Rafa Benitez's disastrous tenure. But if Everton can recreate the zip and endeavour that they showed during a frenetic first half on a regular basis under Benitez's successor, Lampard, then there should be no danger of the Merseysider's being dragged into the survival dogfight. The ex-Chelsea chief has only overseen one league win from his four games at the helm, but there were signs during Saturday's clash to suggest that Lampard has more than enough to work with to salvage Everton's season. It remains to be seen how many points Everton will amass before the end of the season - but they've shown they have the grit and resolve required to ensure they retain their Premier League status.