When it comes to inventive ways to make money, Britons are a resourceful bunch. More than half (58 percent) of people started a new side hustle during the coronavirus pandemic. On average they are topping up their income by earning an extra £525 a month - but what kind of things are they getting up to? A survey of 2,000 UK workers by online freelancer marketplace Fiverr found 58 percent of entrepreneurs surveyed began their part time business after the onset of the pandemic in March 2020. It’s a trend that looks set to continue as the cost of living crises and ever increasing energy bills have left many people struggling to make ends meet. Another report from Airtasker found that although money is the main reason for people taking on extra hours - more than half of Brits (60 percent) are keen to work both remotely and flexibly following the pandemic. Tim Fung, Airtasker CEO, said: “The global pandemic has made many of us rethink our lifestyle and what’s important to us, so it’s great to see so many Brits learning new skills – whether it’s been to pursue a passion or hobby, diversify their skillset or to further their career development." READ MORE: Inheritance tax explained: Your guide to HMRC rules and allowances He continued: “The rise in portfolio and skills-based working will continue in a post-Covid world. “This is why we’re excited to play a part in helping people become their own boss and pursue meaningful work that also helps them pay the bills and offers greater financial freedom.” Sites like Airtasker allow people to make extra money from their skills - with jobs ranging from admin to pet care. The site has a handy side hustle calculator for anyone interested in finding out how much they could make for different types of jobs. DON'T MISSThe ‘most successful product’ pitched on Dragons’ Den – worth millions [INSIGHT]Government has announced a £150 council tax rebate [UPDATE]NatWest set to close 32 bank branches - full list of closures [WARNING] TaskRabbit is another site where people can list their services and earn up to £28 an hour for things like cleaning or home repairs. One such tasker is 68-year-old Paul Melhuish who works 10 hours a week as a handyman to supplement his state pension. A fun way to make extra money could be to sign up as a film and TV extra although there’s no guarantee of paid work. Paul Croker told Express.co.uk this option “could be perfect for students, parents and retirees” as it earned him £110 a day. Suzanne Noble became an entrepreneur later in life and says retirement - or nearing retirement age - is the perfect time to focus on what makes you happy. Ms Noble, who runs StartUpSchool for Seniors advises: “Unless the requirement to generate an income immediately is an issue, this is the time of life to consider how your experience can contribute towards a career that makes you happy.” Britons looking for a side hustle idea should first of all consider their talents and passion. Sites like Fiverr and Airtasker could allow them to make more money by doing what they love. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What are the best side hustles for Britons? Blogger - Earn up to £500 a month by writing about your passion like Nick Daws who runs Pounds and Sense. Rent - Take advantage of the "rent" economy - earn money by doing very little by renting out an unused loft, garage, driveway or spare bedroom. Tour Guide - This is a popular route for retired people as well as students and teachers - however it does require training. Entrepreneur - As Suzanne Noble recommends, choose a business one feels passionate about. Craftpreneur - Tricia Hamilton set up her hat business after retiring from teaching. Petsitting - Millions of cats and dogs will be missing their humans when they go back to the office - try Tailster. Offer your skills for a price through Fiverr or teach others on Skillshare where people can learn all about social media through to stock market fundamentals. Direct selling - Sell products or services through another business listed with the Direct Selling Association. Fiverr - Offer freelance services in anything from graphic design through to copywriting. Airtasker - People could make money from admin through to carpentry.