Noah Dingle (played by Jack Downham) was left feeling completely crushed when his love interest Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) revealed she had a one-night stand with Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) on Wednesday's instalment of the ITV soap. Noah was understandably furious his friend had slept with Chloe as Jacob knew how much she meant to him. Will a heartbroken Noah unleash his fury on Jacob by attacking him, or worse, in upcoming Emmerdale scenes?  Jacob has been struggling recently after discovering the village psychopath Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) killed his ex-girlfriend Leanna Cavanagh (Mini Slinger) by pushing her off a bridge last year. In the latest episode of the ITV soap, a downtrodden Jacob asked Chloe to stay with him for the night as he did not want to be alone in light of everything which had happened. Chloe agreed to spend the night with him, but she was taken aback the following day when he made it clear he regretted ever asking her to stay over. Later on, a concerned Noah paid Chloe a visit as she had not replied to any of his text messages. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? "I've been busy," she bluntly replied before Noah asked where she was the previous evening. "You literally sound like my dad," she sarcastically replied to a worried Noah. When the youngster demanded an answer, Chloe admitted she spent the night with Jacob. "But he's my mate," a dumfounded Noah told Chloe after she apologised.  When Chloe tried to defend herself by telling Noah that Jacob made the first move he raged: "You could have said no." Clearly distraught, Noah stormed out of the room following the devastating blow. Meanwhile, Jacob met with Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) who informed him Meena did not receive bail despite her best efforts. Jacob then admitted he still thought about his ex Leanna, who was Liam's daughter, "every day". DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak as Marlon Dingle splits up with Rhona? [THEORY]Charley Webb opens up on 'beyond scary' time as son rushed to hospital [LATEST]Emmerdale newcomer Marcus Dean to be the new village serial killer? [SPOILER] "Me too, but it will get easier you know, that is what I am told anyway," Liam explained. However, Noah barged in to confront Jacob about sleeping with Chloe, the woman he thought was going to be his girlfriend. "I didn't mean for it to happen, it just did," Jacob tried to explain to Noah. Jacob assured him their night together "meant nothing" but Noah was seething and said: "Some mate you have turned out to be." 