The Sky News reporter said he did not expect Mr Michel to admit to such a significant failure of intelligence in public. Reports of an upcoming invasion of Ukraine began to emerge last week despite Russia repeatedly claiming they had no plans to make a move on Kiev. Mr Parsons noted the European Council president's comments appeared to confirm the European Union is "on the back foot" when it comes to tackling Vladimir Putin. Mr Parsons said: "I thought that was an extraordinary moment, frankly, when Charles Michel - this is the President of the European Council, the man who leads an organization of 27 leaders – said, 'we didn't know Russia was going to invade Ukraine last night.' "That may be technically true, but goodness me, how much more information do you need that an invasion looked as if it was imminent? "We knew, the US intelligence report said it was imminent." He added: I find it quite extraordinary that a man in his position couldn't just think that but also say it publicly. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "I think that does add to the picture that Europe is on the Blackfoot, that it doesn't know how to respond to a leader like Vladimir Putin." In a joint press conference with European Commission leader Ursula von der Leyen and NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg, Mr Michel called on Vladimir Putin to "stop this war immediately". Mr Michel said he had spoken with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy as the Belgian condemned Russia's "unjustified large scale military aggression" as well as expressing his solidarity with Ukraine. "Today both the European Council and G7 leaders will meet to agree on further steps against Russia's illegal acts and in support of Ukraine," he tweeted. READ MORE: Nato's fault! Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack "I call on President Putin to stop this war immediately." European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen accused Mr Putin of "bringing war back to Europe". Boris Johnson joined in the condemnation of Russia, criticizing Vladimir Putin for having "unleashed war in our European continent", attacking Ukraine "without any provocation and without any credible excuse". The Prime Minister said: "Innumerable missiles and bombs have been raining down on an entirely innocent population. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] "A vast invasion is underway by land, by sea, and by air. "We, and the world, cannot allow that freedom just to be snuffed out. We cannot and will not just look away. He also warned of the prospect of "grim" months to come before echoing an earlier address from Ukrainian President Zelensky in speaking directly to the Russian public. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss accused Moscow of an "egregious violation of international law" and said the UK and allies will respond with an "unprecedented package of further sanctions". Ms Truss summoned the Russian ambassador to the UK Andrei Kelin, for the second time this week, to explain the "illegal, unprovoked invasion of Ukraine". European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen accused Mr Putin of "bringing war back to Europe". Boris Johnson joined in the condemnation of Russia, criticizing Vladimir Putin for having "unleashed war in our European continent", attacking Ukraine "without any provocation and without any credible excuse". The Prime Minister said: "Innumerable missiles and bombs have been raining down on an entirely innocent population. "A vast invasion is under way by land, by sea and by air. "We, and the world, cannot allow that freedom just to be snuffed out. We cannot and will not just look away. 