Naga Munchetty, 46, joined her co-star Rick Edwards, 42, on 5 Live's Breakfast show this week as she stepped in for Rachel Burden who has been absent from her regular slot. The presenting duo both opened up about their respective partners as the BBC Breakfast host gave a rare marriage insight. Naga, who tied the knot with her husband James Haggar in 2007, discussed her morning routine as she discussed kissing her other half. It comes after the 5 Live presenters spoke to film critic, Anna Smith, who touched on all of the unrealistic moments that have played out on-screen that she finds "irritating" on yesterday's show. She commented: "I'm Anna from the Girls on Film podcast and in my opinion, one of the most annoying tropes in film and TV shows is when women wake up in the morning with a full face of immaculate make-up including lip gloss. "This is totally unrealistic but I think it is also perpetuating an unobtainable ideal that can really be harmful." READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death "So many things are bugging so many people," Naga remarked. She then asked: "What do you want to pick up on there Rick?" He replied: "I'm going to go with the one that really struck a chord with me from Steven in Cheshire. "He said, 'In movies, waking up and kissing. I love my wife and she loves me but kissing before brushing is not happening.'"  The BBC Breakfast presenter explained that she didn't feel it mattered as the broadcaster explained it was not a problem to kiss your beau in the morning. Naga commented: "Now, I have thoughts on this. You may not be surprised to know. "It depends why you are kissing." Rick chuckled: "Ok run me through the options." DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles[LATEST]Alison Hammond addresses questions about her living situation[ADMISSION]Phillip Schofield gushes over anniversary gift from estranged wife[ANNIVERSARY] She explained: "There are basically two options. There is the morning kiss when you roll over and kiss, because one of you has to get up first. Usually closed lips, a nice kiss." Rick joked: "I'm feeling nervous now." Naga continued: "And then your up. Option two is pretty obvious. "For me, I don't think it matters. You brush your teeth before you go to bed, don't you? Most people do. Have a cup of water." However, her colleague Rick admitted his wife Emer Kenny was not too keen on kissing in the morning without his teeth being cleaned. Rick cheekily confessed: "I must say, I don't always have great breath in the morning. My wife does tell me. It's a straight 'no' from my wife." The BBC Breakfast host attempted to offer some tips as she advised that he should drink some water or keep mints nearby. "I've tried it all," the 5 Live host admitted, as he explained he would have to get up and brush his teeth before kissing his other half. Naga jibed: "It's a harsh world. Where has the passion gone?"