Kate Middleton chose a more informal style for her second day out in Denmark. The Duchess of Cambridge arrived at a forest kindergarten for her second day of engagements. The kindergarten is on the outskirts of Copenhagen where Kate is learning about the Danish use of nature in education.  For the day, Kate could be seen in a big warm white turtleneck jumper from H&M for £13.34 which she paired with some black jeans. Here's a similar version that's available in H&M UK. Her jeans were accompanied by a big gold buckle belt and the Duchess wore her £209.99 brown Seeland Woodcock Advanced jacket suitable for the muddy outdoors for the occasion. These perfectly matched her £109.50 boots, which were brown leather Chelsea boots from Blundstone. For jewellery, Kate could be seen wearing her iconic sapphire engagement ring, however this time it was paired with her wedding band also.  Kate's slightly chunkier wedding band is made from a special nugget of gold from the Clogau St David's mine at Bontddu in North Wales. This perfectly matched Kate’s hoop earrings which were gold and had little jewels on them around the entire hoop. The Duchess was wearing the perfect smokey eye makeup, with heavy black eyeliner and brown eyeshadow. Her eyebrows were perfectly plucked and tinted, with her gorgeous brown wavy locks looking amazing as always.   Royal fans took to social media to express their love for Kate’s style. Twitter user @su_brompton said: “There’s our Duchess.” Another fan, @brigantia_ commented saying: “Catherine is so down to earth, I love her outdoorsy sporty style.” Royal fan @7gem7stone7 tweeted: “Catherine knows she’s a Duchess and a future Queen Consort, very different to being a celebrity. “It’s not about flashy outfits or getting the pose right for the cameras, she knows it’s not all about her.  “Love her outfit, by the way, my type of style that, relaxed.” Instagram user @ale_campos_gua wrote: “Nice! I love her variety of styles! “She is glowing!” Another Instagram user @iemma.antonio.5 said: “She looks fantastic.” One more, @mbaffour56 commented saying: “She’s such a lovely Duchess.”  On Kate’s hairstyle, @lawaldolapo wrote: “Hair for days.” The royal fan account @royalinstablog wrote on Instagram: “That smile you make when you feel relaxed, knowing hubby spent the night taken care of the kids and doing school runs.” Another royal fan @stejsouza added: “She is so perfect.” Fan account @katemiddleton_royalstyle said on Instagram: “Just gorgeous!” 