Bernardo Silva has arguably been the standout player in Manchester City's stellar season so far, as Pep Guardiola has unearthed his new Lionel Messi. That is, according to a Benfica academy boss who has likened City's versatile attacker to the Argentine superstar, in addition to labelling him as one of the best footballers on the planet. The Portuguese playmaker has been in fine form this campaign, finding the net 10 times in his 34 appearances, dazzling on countless occasions. Silva was reportedly on the cusp of sealing a City departure last summer, having found minutes increasingly hard to come by, but has since proven himself integral to Guardiola's cause this term. Last week, the 27-year-old returned to his home city of Lisbon to put old rivals Sporting to the sword, scoring twice in City's 5-0 Champions League mauling. In the wake of those exploits, one of Silva's former coaches at Benfica's prestigious academy has opened up on the extraordinary rise of his former pupil, comparing the City star to none other than Messi and placing him in amongst the game's current elite. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win  “The first time I saw Bernardo was when he was nine or 10 years old," Rodrigo Magalhaes, a man who has additionally coached the likes of Joao Cancelo, Ruben Dias and Joao Felix, revealed to LiveScore. "At that time he was playing seven-a-side and Bernardo was different in comparison to the other players. "He played like a winger, like a midfielder and like a forward. We played 2-3-1 structure and he played in any position. "His decision-making was fantastic and his relationship with the ball was unbelievable. The ball was an extension of his left foot. DON'T MISSLiverpool’s Firmino injury could change one player’s Anfield careerTottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turnMan Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their very own Gareth Bale   “The decision-making, the chance to play in different positions – that is one of his characteristics that Pep Guardiola talks about a lot. He talks about Cancelo in that way too. "The future player is the one that can play different roles in the same game. "For a coach it is amazing, you don’t have to make substitutions because the same player can play like a winger, a right or left midfielder, an attacking midfielder or like a forward too. "Like Lionel Messi did at Barcelona. I think that Bernardo has the same role at Man City sometimes.   “Bernardo knows the game - his game knowledge his decision-making, his relationship with the ball, his connection with all of his team-mates, these characteristics make him a special player. "It is fair that this season we say he has been one of the top five players in the world.” Magalhaes' opinion is one shared by his current coach Guardiola, who hailed Silva as the "perfect player" following last week's Champions League heroics. “Always, I tell him, ‘Bernardo, you are a perfect player,'" the Spaniard declared. "(But) I say, ‘You have to score goals to win games, you have to do it.’  "Today, he scored one of the best goals I have ever seen, for the technique, for everything. “He is unique. When he plays, he doesn’t complain. "He can play in six roles easily. He doesn’t just play football, he understands the game. "There are players who just play good with the ball, but he understands every action and there are few in the world (who do that)." 