Both ISAs and SIPPs (self-invested personal pensions) are created to help savers invest for their future. However, there are key differences in how much money can be put into each savings account in each tax year, as well as when cash can be removed and how those accounts are taxed over time. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Emilie Stevens, a senior analyst at Freetrade, broke down what savers need to take into account when choosing between an ISA or SIPP, when taking into account IHT. Ms Stevens explained: “There are lots of things to weigh up when choosing whether to invest in a SIPP or ISA, or both. “For example, when you plan to use the money and what you want to use it for, are important questions to think about. “But how your savings will be affected by inheritance tax should also factor into your decision making. “There are a lot of moving parts when it comes to inheritance tax planning which means it’s a good idea to start with the things you can control. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  “For any pensions, whether that be SIPP or workplace, make sure you nominate a beneficiary or beneficiaries so it’s clear where you’d like your money to go. “Given the SIPP and ISA differences when it comes to inheritance tax, think twice about which account it might make more sense to use for a certain expense or to live off later in life.” Inheritance tax is paid on the estate of the someone who has passed away, which includes their money, possessions and property. Currently, the standard rate of IHT stands at 40 percent on estates values above £325,000.  When someone dies, their ISA becomes part of your estate for inheritance tax purposes. Money within the ISA can be left in their will for anyone they wish to give it to. However, a spouse or civil partner can also inherit their ISA allowance as a one-off boost to their own allowance. This means that the deceased’s spouse or civil partner can inherit the money in the ISA and its tax-free status too. In comparison, SIPPs are not part of the deceased’s estate as their cash is held within a discretionary trust. As a result, the money in the pension can be passed on to loved ones without being subject to IHT. Savers can nominate who they would like to see inherit the money in their SIPP. As long as the beneficiaries are nominated, the SIPP benefits can be paid as a lump sum or as a drawdown pension, as long as their pension plan allows it to happen. If someone passes away before the age of 75, their SIPP can be inherited both inheritance and income tax-free. This is as long as they have not gone over their lifetime allowance for their pension pot. However, if they die after the age of 75, whoever inherits the SIPP will have to pay income tax on it when they come to use it. This levy will be charged at their marginal rate of tax. Taking these differences into account, Ms Stevens reminds savers it is in their best interest to take financial advice as to what their best options are to reduce their IHT bill. The financial expert added: “IHT planning is one of the more complicated areas of financial planning. “While doing your homework and asking the questions you need to is a great place to start, it’s often something people speak to a financial advisor about too."