The entertainer, 42 at the time of his crash, hit two vehicles while intoxicated in southwest London. Less than a year later, he was diagnosed with a common condition that has been shown to increase the risk of alcoholism. Around the time of his diagnosis, McPartlin said the diagnosis “made sense” as “there are a lot of links to alcohol dependency”.  McPartlin was diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). ADHD affects roughly two percent of adults in the UK, although only 120,000 adults are formally diagnosed. Talking to The Sun, McPartlin said: "I was so thoroughly examined and diagnosed, I found stuff out about me I hadn't addressed for years. “There’s a lot of characteristics that held me in good stead working in live television. Richard [Bacon] said the same."      There are several studies from over the last two decades suggesting a strong relationship between alcohol problems. A 2011 review published in Clinical Psychology Review found that childhood ADHD is an important factor in the development of alcohol misuse. According to The Royal College of Psychiatrists, there is also a “considerable overlap” between ADHD and depression. They even suggested that ADHD can be linked with a higher risk of criminality and suicide.  Shortly after the crash, McPartlin’s iconic relationship with his colleague Declan Donnelly was strained. He said: "I saw Dec the day after the crash and we didn't even speak about work. "It wasn't about that. It was about, 'How are you?' I said: 'I'm not right.' You know, mentally I wasn't in a good place." However, after taking time for rehabilitation, McPartlin was quick to get back to presenting with Donnelley.  Today the pair are just as entertaining as ever. The pair, set to go on screen at 7 pm tonight for Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway, last week pulled off a prank of massive proportions–getting Jeremy Clarkson fake arrested. Dec had admitted in the past: "Jeremy has been on our undercover hitlist for years. When we saw Clarkson’s Farm we thought it would be the perfect opportunity." According to the NHS, the signs of hyperactivity and impulsiveness, which is one of the behavioural problems from ADHD, include : The signs of inattentiveness include: 