Chloe went down a huge hit on the BBC and the TV drama was full of dramatic twists. Becky Green (played by The Crown's Erin Doherty) had been using her alter ego Sasha to find out what really happened to social media sensation, Chloe Fairbourne (Poppy Gilbert). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about a potential second season.  The psychological thriller left fans on the edge of their seats as they witnessed Becky risk everything to find out the truth. Following the death of her estranged friend, she went undercover to find out what happened. As Sasha Miles, she befriended Chloe's social circle, entangling herself in a web of lies. As for whether the series will continue for a second season, the BBC is yet to confirm its future. Creator Alice Seabright hinted there could be more to come, saying there was potential to continue the story. READ MORE: Chloe cast: Who is in the cast of Chloe? In the final episode, it was revealed that Chloe's husband Elliott (Billy Howle) had been controlling her. Chloe had been taking birth control in order to prevent having a child with him. She had almost made an escape but Elliott caught up with her and played a crucial role in her death. Chloe's mother claimed she saw Chloe jump off a cliff, but this may not have been the truth. Creator Seabright said of season two: "It definitely works as a self-contained story and it’s not that you couldn’t open up that story again. "There’s the potential for it, but at the moment I don’t know what the version of that is that I would want to do." Speaking to Metro.co.uk, she said she "needs a breather and a bit of distance" from the drama. The ending also revealed how Becky was haunted by the breakdown in her friendship with Chloe. Chloe had written a letter to Becky apologising for excluding her. She had moved schools and found new friends, leaving Becky isolated. DON'T MISS... Chloe creator Alice Seabright opens up on 'mad' co-stars [INTERVIEW] The Crown: Princess Anne star admits new changes were made to script [INSIGHT] Erin Doherty 'scared to death' over Princess Anne reaction [INTERVIEW] Chloe also opened up to her old friend about the relationship problems she was experiencing with Elliott. A second season could see Becky trying to find justice for her old friend, now that she knows the truth. Yet Seabright added: "It leaves Becky in a place that’s kind of a progression, let’s say, and a sense of catharsis that the questions around Chloe get answered, hopefully in ways that feel satisfying." With this in mind, it seems season two is off the cards for the foreseeable future. As the series did not end on a cliffhanger, Seabright was of the opinion she has completed the story. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the revelation at the end and the show's future. Shireen Farkhoy said: "Just finished #chloe. Utterly gripped from start to finish. Such beautiful, layered writing from Alice Seabright and exciting to see so many @BOVTS students! Bravoooooo." [sIC] DotsandIs said: "#chloe Found it confusing at the start. Glad I followed through all of the episodes. I liked it." Yet Andie shared: "Well that was a letdown. What happens to Becky? #Chloe."  Chloe is available to watch on BBC iPlayer