Peaky Blinders is going to be premiering this evening (Sunday, February 27) on BBC One at 9pm. The show has been delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic which affected filming. However, the drama is now on the home run - and Express.co.uk takes a look at the cast of the show. Season six will contain six episodes broadcast weekly on the BBC. There will be some brand new characters and settings. Titled Black Day, the action moves to North America where the ending of Prohibition will bring the Shelby clan new business opportunities. But things are far from simple when an old rival finally poses fresh danger after making their move. Fans can expect more of the same from the drama with oodles of action and a twisty plot to keep viewers guessing until the very end. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Why is Peaky Blinders ending? Season 6 to be last Sadly Helen McCrory won’t be in the final outing after she became too ill to film the show. The acclaimed actress tragically died of breast cancer aged 52 in 2021. Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight previously spoke to BBC Breakfast about her death: “We just felt that the energy of Aunt Polly and the energy of Helen persisted throughout the production. Peaky will never be without the presence of Aunt Polly.” Hollywood actor Cillian Murphy gives one last turn as the iconic Birmingham gangster Tommy Shelby, who has earned legions of fans from all corners of the world. This season could mark the end of the Brummie godfather as he faces enemies on all sides. Among Murphy’s biggest roles are The Dark Knight Trilogy, Inception, 28 Days Later, and Red Eye. More recently, he has starred in Dunkirk and A Quiet Place Part II. He will next be appearing in Oppenheimer as the title character as well as Kensuke’s Kingdom. Natasha O'Keeffe reprises her role as Tommy’s second wife Lizzie Shelby as she finds her family under fire with the end of the Shelbys potentially on the cards. Aside from Peaky Blinders, O’Keeffe is also known for her roles in subversive superhero series Misfits, Resistance, Sky show Temple as well as the BBC crime drama Strike. She is next going to be starring in Tyger which is in post-production. Back as the troubled, quick-tempered Arthur Shelby is Paul Anderson. Anderson has also featured in the Oscar-winning film The Revenant, Top Boy and The Firm. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders: Why did Freddie Thorne star Iddo Goldberg leave? [ANALYSIS]Peaky Blinders: What does Perish Judah mean as Mosley uses vile slur? [EXPLAINER]Peaky Blinders season 5: Who betrayed Tommy Shelby? The 5 big suspects [THEORY] Sophie Rundle makes a comeback as Tommy’s sister Ada Shelby, who has strayed from her family before coming back to the fold. The final series will see her very much being a Peaky Blinder. Rundle’s other big show is the BBC and HBO drama Gentleman Jack as Ann Walker which will return for season two. She’s also starred in the mini-series The Nest as well as Jamestown and Bodyguard. Finn Cole returns as Michael Gray, who is trying to take control of the family business and may well have betrayed his uncle. While Peaky Blinders is Cole’s biggest role to date, he has also starred in TV series Animal Kingdom, movie Fast & Furious 9, Slaughterhouse Rulez, and Lewis. Anya Taylor-Joy’s antagonistic Gina Gray will be causing more drama as she and her husband Michael strike out with their own business ventures. Taylor-Joy most recently won over audiences as grand chess master Beth Harmon in The Queen’s Gambit. Some of her other credits include Split, The Miniaturist, The Witch, and The New Mutants. Stephen Graham is also confirmed to be in the new series after he appeared in the trailer but the nature of his character is being kept firmly under wraps. Aimee-Ffion Edwards is confirmed to be in the final series of Peaky Blinders after her character appeared in the trailer. Fans may remember she was John Shelby’s (played by Joe Cole) wife before his untimely and brutal assassination by the Changrettas. Other cast members include Packy Lee as Johnny Dogs, Outlander actor Ned Dennehy as Charlie Strong, Harry Kirton as Finn Shelby, Ian Peck as Curly, and Benjamin Zephaniah as Jeremiah Jesus. Peaky Blinders season 6 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm