Fiona Bruce and the Antiques Roadshow team visited Ulster Folk Museum near Belfast for a recent instalment of the BBC show. Expert Robert Tilney was tasked with evaluating an RAF sector clock, used to chart enemy aircraft, but the guest was taken aback when he was told how much the item was worth after paying just £20 for it. Robert began: “That is a really distinctive clock so you must know what it is.” “Yes,” the owner replied. “After I bought it I find out that it was an RAF sector clock.” “Indeed or also known as a colour change clock,” the expert revealed. “You've got this very distinctive face. Do you know how it works?” Read more: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning over WW2 item 'No more' The owner of the piece admitted he wasn’t too sure how to operate the clock. “Right, I'll have a go,” Robert said. “You must have seen the various war films and they have the big room, the big map and they bring in what's called, ‘Incoming plots.’ “So the Royal Observer Corps, RAF they will spot planes coming in and this is where the sector clock comes in. “Wherever the plot is first seen it's timed and wherever the minute hand is, in this case, it's on the purple that becomes a purple plot at whatever the time is.” “That's then put on the map board and you see the magnetic rakes pushing [on the board],” the expert explained. “Now the brilliant thing about the sector clock is that goes down as purple plot time, whatever the time is so you can always track where the plots are. “It was part of the system called Ground Controlled Interception and it enabled them to get the RAF squadrons up in time. “It was vastly fast, a combination of radar, clocks, Royal Observer Corps and it speeded up the response against Luftwaffe plots coming in so very, very clever.” DON'T MISSEastEnders exit as Stacey Slater flees to help Kheerat evade police? [SPOILER]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker to be replaced by Ralf Little? [POLL]University Challenge fans frustrated by contestant’s ‘rude’ habit [VIDEO] “They kept using it until the Cold War when computer systems came over,” Robert said. “You know, these are very rare. So where did you get hold of it?” The guest answered: “My employers in 1973 were clearing offices and they auctioned off all the surplus items in the building.” Robert questioned how much the guest had paid for the item and he revealed the piece cost him £20. Stunned, Robert said: “They’re hugely collectable. Now if you decided now at auction to think, ‘Oh, I really want one of those.’ You would have to start the bidding at £4000.” “That’s fabulous, that’s great,” the surprised guest replied. “That’s where you’d start it might go higher,” Robert noted and the guest quipped: “The higher the better if it ever gets to auction.” Robert commented: “It is so iconic of the early war days.” Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.