Luscious green grass in your garden is always a surefire way to see spring is arriving, but after the colder winter months, your lawn may need some TLC. Temperatures have been conducive for weeds and moss springing up, and this can look unsightly. So how should you go about removing moss from your lawn? Moss can grow in almost any lawn, and if it crops up may indicate the health of your grass isn't the best. Distinct brown-yellow patches, general discolouration and different textures are all signs of moss growth. Damp conditions, with poor drainage, can cause moss to crop up - however, the best time to treat is just around the corner. The Royal Horticultural Society explains the best times to treat moss in your lawn are either spring or autumn, and spring is almost here. The thought of using chemicals on your lawn may fill you with dread, but don't worry - there are natural ways you can remove moss. Read More: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould For smaller grassy areas, it may be best to give it some old fashioned elbow grease and rake out the moss by hand. Lawnsmith.co.uk advises using a wire 'spring bok' or fan rake. You can also use a hand lawn scarifier to get rid of the pesky moss. If you have a larger lawn you can also invest in a powered lawn raker or scarifier with wire tines. You may not catch all the moss with this method - so a home solution or chemical product may be needed. One easy to make method is to use a water and dish soap mixture to target the moss. For small areas, mix two ounces of dish soap and one gallon of water. DON'T MISSGardening revolution in full swing - latest trend [INSIGHT]How to clean patio slabs - three household items for a sparkling patio [EXPLAINED]Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ [ANALYSIS] For bigger areas, use four ounces of dish soap in two gallons of water for every 1,000 square feet of lawn. Spray the moss patches, and in around 24 hours they will turn brown or orange. You can then rake up the moss and remove it - making sure to get the roots. Make sure to dispose of the moss far away from your lawn - as the spores may travel back to your lawn if binned close by. Wait for a week before trying to re-seed the bare areas left behind by the moss. If you want a heavy-duty method, you can find specialist moss removers. At most garden stores, DIY shops and even online you can find moss killers which leave your lawn looking fresh. These vary from £9 up to around £40, so there's a brand for every price range. Be careful not to let your pets into the garden while the moss killer is on the lawn, as it can cause illness. Simply follow the instructions on the bottle to safely and quickly remove moss from your lawn.