In addition, a more forgiving marking scheme will be used by examiners to compensate for lost learning. After two years of school closures, remote learning, mass staff and student absences, and cancelled classes, this year’s crop of candidates have endured more disruption than any other. Not to mention the immense stress of repeated lockdowns, social isolation and pressure on family life. Many have questioned the physical need to be in the classroom, having adapted to online lessons, which has led to chronic poor attendance in some secondary schools. So to bring back a modicum of normality, and to mitigate the Covid chaos, Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi has put “fairness” at the forefront of his plan by bringing back exams instead of teacher-based assessment, albeit with a soft touch on grades. The new adjustments, he says, will enable this year’s cohort to “do themselves justice” come the summer term. To achieve the Government’s ambition of “levelling up” opportunities nationwide, Mr Zahawi will have to knuckle down himself. His exams announcement coincided with cross-party calls for an inquiry into the suspiciously high number of top A-level results doled out in private schools last year. A Sunday Times investigation claimed dozens of private schools exploited the teacher-assessed grading system by doubling the number of A*s dished out. Among the worst offenders, reportedly, was North London Collegiate, a £21,000-a-year girls’ school in Edgware, which nearly trebled the number of A*s from just over 30 percent in 2019, to 90 percent last year. The full extent of grade manipulation is yet to be exposed as many leading private schools, including Eton and Westminster, have yet to publish detailed results. There was allegedly grade inflation at state schools too, but nowhere near on a par with the A* giveaway at fee-paying institutions. As a result, less privileged students have been denied places at universities that they were not only entitled to, but far better equipped to succeed in. Overblown and inaccurate assessments of privately educated kids’ capabilities serves no purpose other than to inflate young, impressionable egos and give wealthy parents the illusion that their money has been well spent while bolstering schools’ pulling power. Unearned confidence in one’s abilities can undoubtedly take you far, but style over substance has limits. The flimsy facade will inevitably give way at some point. It is a mess that universities and employers will have to deal with. The disparity between private and state education has long been “the elephant in the room” for the sector, but never before has the injustice of the vast attainment gap been brought so sharply into focus. With this year’s more egalitarian, yet generous system, it will again be difficult for the country’s genuine bright young things to shine. Easier exams will come as a relief for the majority of anxious teenagers, and it is a reasonable measure after so much turmoil, but with the bar lowered, the most naturally gifted and hardest working students will not get the confirmation of their outstanding achievement. Hard to see much “fairness” in that. After decades of pushing boundaries with his intentionally tasteless stand-up, Jimmy Carr may have finally hit a brick wall. The comedian, 49, sparked a fierce backlash over a Holocaust joke from his recent Netflix special, His Dark Material, after a clip was widely shared on social media. When introducing the bit, he admits it “could be a career-ender” but carries on regardless to say that a “positive” of the Holocaust was that thousands of gypsies were murdered. Carr then attempts to justify the joke by claiming it is “educational” because, according to him, it is a little known fact that Roma and Sinti people were also killed by Nazis in the Second World War. It is neither funny nor enlightening, merely a vehicle for offence that is intended to get a gasp of shock, rather than a roar of laughter. Carr isn’t some gormless end-of-the-pier stand-up, and courting controversy is his shtick. He has clearly convinced himself that the joke has merit with some pseudo-intellectual reasoning about how the target isn’t gypsies themselves, but the seemingly acceptable prejudice against them, and anyone who takes offence just doesn’t get his nuanced brand of humour. It won’t wash this time. Even his close friend and fellow comedian David Baddiel said it was “cruel and inhumane”. As he predicted, calls for the show to be cancelled have picked up momentum and traveller groups have picketed outside his live performances. Ofcom boss Dame Melanie Dawes is now considering regulating streaming services, and Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries warned new laws would hold them to account. Having made a career out of saying the unsayable, Carr won’t be in the least bit concerned about damage to his reputation. The furore will only charge him up with fresh material. But by toying with the fragile relationship between offensive comedy, free speech and cancel culture, he may have done his industry more harm than good. She may not be the bookies' favourite to win the best actress award at this year's Oscars, but my money is on Olivia Colman. The 48-year-old picked up a second nomination for her knockout performance in The Lost Daughter. Adapted from Italian author Elena Ferrante’s novella, the film explores the taboo subject of a mother who lacks maternal instinct. She has tough competition from front runner Kristen Stewart whose portrayal of Princess Diana in the film Spencer has received critical acclaim, although it didn’t win me over. Having been awarded the 2019 best actress Oscar for The Favourite, this is not her first rodeo, but Olivia’s reaction to Tuesday’s announcement was still joyfully giddy. “Oh my god yes. I’m SO EXCITED,” she said. “This feeling right now is bloody brilliant.” So are you. Fingers crossed. The nation’s favourite sausage roll purveyor Greggs and fast-fashion giant Primark have joined forces to launch an exclusive range of pastry-inspired clothing. The high street titans have collaborated on a limited-edition 11-item line, which promises to sell like hot steak bakes when it hits stores later this month. A promo pic shows a white hoodie with the Greggs logo on the front and the words “it’s a pastry thing” down the sleeve. According to the bakery chain: “Greggs clothing is something our customers have continually asked for.” Really? If I wish upon a star, maybe B&Q and Zara will collaborate on a line of chic yet practical gardening wear. Boris Johnson’s new comms chief joined the Prime Minister in a rendition of Gloria Gaynor’s disco classic I Will Survive on the first day of his new job, he tells us. Former BBC journalist Guto Harri told Welsh news site Golwg360 the PM, “spoke in his deep voice, slowly and purposefully, while singing slightly he finished his sentence by saying ‘I will survive’. “Inevitably, he invited me to say ‘You’ve got all your life to live’ and he replied, ‘I’ve got all my love to give’, so we had a little blast from Gloria Gaynor.” Given the PM’s dogged determination to cling on to power, perhaps Gaynor’s other hit Never Can Say Goodbye would have been more fitting.  Getting more sleep can help with weight loss, according to a study. Sleeping for 75 minutes longer shaves around 270 calories from our daily diet ‑ the equivalent of three chocolate digestives. People are hungrier when they are tired, researchers at the University of Chicago found, and simply getting some more kip could result in shedding around 26lb over three years. Excellent. Next time I’m lazing in bed considering going to the gym, I’ll just stay put. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea