He tweeted: "Well, I was wrong. Putin has gone much further than I thought he would. A consequence of EU and Nato expansion, which came to a head in 2014. It made no sense to poke the Russian bear with a stick. These are dark days for Europe." But Boris Johnson has criticised such opinions and Mr Farage's critics argue his view parrots Kremlin propaganda. And LBC Presenter Mr Dale hit out at Mr Farage, describing his tweet as "truly shameful" and criticising the former politician for failing to condemn the Russian leader. Writing on Twitter, he said: "Truly shameful, Nigel. These are indeed dark days for Europe. You're right on that. But there is only one man to blame here, Putin. Not Nato. Not the EU. Putin. I find it astonishing that you blame everyone else for this invasion, but don't utter a word of condemnation for Putin." The remarks come as the Prime Minister stressed that Western inaction or under-reaction would have unthinkable consequences in a call with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz on Thursday. He welcomed Germany's decision to cancel certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia, which was seen as a major economic blow to Moscow. But, according to a Downing Street spokesperson, he said allies "must now make a concerted effort to bring the strongest possible sanctions to bear on the Putin regime".  Mr Farage's comments echo those made previously on his GB News programme in which he urged the prime minister to take away Russian president Vladimir Putin's pretext for going to war with Ukraine by rethinking Western geopolitics. He said: "It was the European Union wanting to expand, wanting the Ukraine (sic) to join it that directly led to that revolution and people stood there in the square of Kiev waving European Union flags, their country already being the beneficiary of pre-accession aid - that's money. "What possible strategic benefit or asset could it be for us, for the Ukraine (sic) to join Nato? Absolutely none whatsoever that I can see. So I think what Boris Johnson needs to do is to rethink the geopolitics of all of this, to convince the EU leaders, to convince the Americans that that is what we need to say. We take away Putin's causus belli." READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S INVASION OF UKRAINE The former UKIP and Brexit Party leader continued: "We know the Russians can be paranoid but why poke the Russian bear with a stick? And if Vladimir Putin's one demand is that we state clearly that the Ukraine is not going to join Nato, why don't we do it?" Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday the military alliance has put warplanes on alert andit will reinforce troops on its eastern flank but has no plans to deploy any in Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy urged citizens prepared to defend the country to come forward. The European Commission has said new EU sanctions will hit Russia's economy severely and erode its industrial base.   Frantic diplomacy, sanctions threats and unprecedented US-led "information warfare" proved powerless to prevent what finally unfolded in the early hours of Thursday as Russia's missiles struck Ukrainian cities and its troops poured across the borders. Mr Putin knew the United States and Nato would not intervene to fight alongside Ukraine with Western leaders publicly ruling that out on the grounds that Ukraine is not an alliance member. Jonathan Eyal of the RUSI think-tank said: "That was the biggest missing piece. The moment you say to Putin that you are not going to fight whatever happens, he has got the upper hand. He was content to take that (sanctions) risk because to him that risk looked calculable. "He didn't befuddle us, he didn't bamboozle us. We knew what he was up to. The only problem was that we were not prepared to take the ultimate risk."  Russia had publicly mocked the increasingly urgent Western warnings that it could invade at any time, accusing the US, UK and allies of war-mongering. Mr Putin's spokesman said the Kremlin leader had joked about media reports naming dates for the planned invasion, asking aides to let him know what time it would start while all the time he was moving closer to pulling the trigger. The Russian military build-up from November onwards took place exactly in parallel with what Mr Putin presented as a major diplomatic initiative to enforce Russian "red lines" and obtain legally binding security guarantees from the West. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said repeatedly that Moscow was following the same military and propaganda playbook that it used before seizing Crimea from Ukraine in 2014. However, threats of massive and unprecedented sanctions proved ineffective against a country that has already lived with them for years, has accumulated £477 billion ($635bn) in gold and foreign exchange reserves and supplies a third of Europe's gas.   The final step for Mr Putin was to put in place a quasi-legal basis for intervention - much as he had with the 2014 seizure of Crimea which he justified with the staging of a referendum. On Monday he recognised the "independence" of two Russian-backed separatist regions in eastern Ukraine which have been fighting Ukrainian government forces for eight years, and signed friendship treaties allowing for the deployment of Russian forces there and the establishment of Russian military bases. The signing was preceded by a speech lasting nearly an hour in which Putin argued that Ukraine was an artificial country that never had a tradition of genuine statehood. Now, he said, it was a US puppet and a springboard for Nato aggression against Russia. Mr Putin said: "From those who seized and hold power in Kiev, we demand an immediate cessation of hostilities. Otherwise, all responsibility for the possible continuation of the bloodshed will be entirely on the conscience of the regime ruling on the territory of Ukraine." Just over 48 hours later, Russian forces invaded Ukraine by land, air and sea.  