Deborah Meaden, 63, took to Twitter to announce that she would continue to wear her mask while making a comment on the “science” behind it. It didn’t take long before the star was hit with backlash for her post. She tweeted her message out to her 538,200 followers. The Dragon’s Den star wrote how she isn’t interested in any arguments against wearing a mask. She said: “Me going about my business today and every day until I hear a Science based argument on why wearing a mask is no longer needed to protect those more vulnerable than me…#wearamask." (sic) Followers and other outspoken individuals on the topic of Covid were quick to reply to the tweet. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Political commentator and polemicist Paul Joseph Watson responded to Deborah saying she was “pretending to be virtuous.” He wrote: “Carry on pretending to be virtuous, when it's literally causing huge spikes in cognitive development disorders in young children.” Paul also quote tweeted a video from Darren Grimes, used to criticise Deborah. The video was captioned: “A speech therapist says her clinic has seen a ‘364% increase in patient referrals of babies and toddlers”, referring to the fact that children haven’t been able to see adults’ faces when they speak due to masks. Deborah then responded saying: “Like I need your permission.” @Racerboy17 said in reply: “Well you actually did ask for reasons why mask are harmful. “If you weren’t actually interested and your mind was rigidly made up, then why ask?” She commented with: “Different point but you go ahead and conflate…” DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby's dental horror after disaster night with husband [ANALYSIS]Kate Garraway addresses dilemma over new Derek Draper documentary [UPDATE] In support of Deborah, @Real_Rob_Warner said: “Also - where are parents or teachers wearing facemasks around kids to the extent that it's causing a problem? “If you only ever talk to your children in the supermarket, that's a bigger problem.” In contrast, @llikeportals penned: “Even a 3rd grader is smart enough to understand that without goggles the mask is no different than protecting yourself from mosquitos using a chain link fence." (sic) In response to Paul’s video share, @Iambiancafh wrote: “God this is all so boring, since when were 2 min media clips, science?! Give me strength.” Deborah Meaden came back on viewer’s screens with the return of BBC’s Dragon’s Den in January. She also appeared on Strictly Come Dancing in 2013, where she was partnered with Robin Windsor. She recently spoke up about how she was in “personal pain” after being eliminated form the show. She told Closer Magazine: “I still have permanent pain in the balls of my feet, which is a constant reminder that I did the show. “It started after I spent 10 hours a day waltzing and I put too much pressure on them.”