Speaking during a visit to RAF Brize Norton on Saturday night, the Prime Minister hailed the military successes of the Ukrainian military, claiming the Ukrainians were “fighting heroically”. However, he said more had to be done to “change the heavy odds that Ukraine faces”.  He said: “Things are not going all the way of President Putin. “Very far from it, the Ukrainians are fighting heroically, and in some places with great success.” The PM added that 1,000 troops would be sent to the region to “help people fleeing for their lives” as thousands of refugees flee the war-torn country. Mr Johnson continued to add that there would be some “very grim days ahead for Ukraine” as the country faces “terrible atrocities”.  The Prime Minister also said Europe would have to face the “hideous reality” that previous attempts at diplomacy with Putin were “a charade”. Mr Johnson’s statement on Saturday comes as the Kremlin publicly ordered its forces to “advance from all directions”. Kyiv faced volleys of shells and missiles as Russian forces enclosed the capital city. In the latest round of sanctions the US, Canada and key European countries, including Germany, have agreed to remove “selected Russian banks” from the Swift payment system, the countries announced in a joint statement on Saturday.  READ MORE: BBC scrambles to defend deploying hosts to Ukraine  It read: “As Russian forces unleash their assault on Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities, we are resolved to continue imposing costs on Russia that will further isolate Russia from the international financial system and our economies. “We will implement these measures within the coming days. “We commit to ensuring that selected Russian banks are removed from the Swift messaging system. “This will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUE oveJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Journalist blasted for 'anti-Brexit flag flying' in commentary Britain has also extended a ban of Aeroflot flights landing in the UK to cover Russian private jets favoured by Moscow’s oligarchs. The foreign secretary, Liz Truss, called Moscow “a global pariah”, adding that “Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and violation of the UN charter will have severe consequences.” 