Bruno Fernandes has aimed a subtle dig at Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after admitting Manchester United have 'more identity' under Ralf Rangnick. The Portuguese midfielder spoke to the media on Tuesday ahead of United's Champions League trip to Atletico Madrid. Solskjaer signed Fernandes in a £47million deal from Sporting Lisbon in January 2020 and used him as his primary outlet for most of his tenure as manager. The Norwegian's trust helped Fernandes make a massive splash in English football, and he has registered 49 goals and 39 assists in 113 appearances since his arrival. But after a dismal end to last season and start to the current campaign, Solskjaer was sacked in November and replaced by Rangnick. And Fernandes has admitted that United have had more identity as a team since the German coach took charge. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley The 27-year-old was on media duty at Carrington before United's flight to the Spanish capital on Tuesday afternoon. And he insisted he hasn't heard any complaints in the dressing room about Rangnick's tactics since his appointment. He told reporters: "No one has to worry about the tactics more than the coach and the staff. We have to follow what the managers think is best and most important for us. "And here in this club, I have never heard anyone complain about tactics; it's not respectful of the coach's ideas. We have been doing well since arrived and have much more identity as a team." READ MORE: Man Utd star Bruno Fernandes mocks 'big head' Harry Maguire Despite finishing top of Group F, United were dealt a tough round-of-16 draw and will face the La Liga champions at the Wanda Metropolitano on Wednesday. And Rangnick has acknowledged the challenge that awaits on the pitch and in the opposite dug-out, with Diego Simeone always capable of stealing headlines. "He has won trophies with a clear identity, with a recognisable play style. I don't think this has changed in the last years," Rangnick explained. "They are always an emotional side and this reflects the character of the manager. Diego Simeone is probably one of the best emotional managers in Europe. "The style of the way his teams have always performed reflects those emotions that he brings to the team. We need to match the levels of energy and emotion in both games. "It will be physical, it will be emotional and we will have to be mentally strong in both games. I will try to prepare our team for that challenge." The next month is make or break for United's season, with the club's Champions League hopes and top-four challenge on the line. Both games against Atletico is in a period including league games against Liverpool, Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur. And following the disappointing FA Cup fourth-round exit to Middlesbrough, the Red Devils' season could realistically be over by the end of March. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here