Camping and caravan holidays have seen incredible success over the last two years. Already a popular summertime tradition for millions of families, the coronavirus pandemic and subsequent international travel restrictions saw the market boom. In particular, several destinations across the UK became a Mecca for British holidays seeking escape. Yet even as international travel becomes more accessible, it seems the camping and caravan industry is not slowing down. According to Ed Bassett, general manager of Camptoo, bookings are already beginning to mount. He said the private motorhome rental service is already recording a surge in bookings for summer 2022, with "25 percent of bookings" in the previous 30 days for June and July alone. With summer set to be another smash hit, there are some key destinations proving to be popular. READ MORE: The most unique cities in the world named - and three are in the UK Mr Bassett said: "According to recent Camptoo booking data, the most popular locations for 2022 remain the traditional staycation destinations of Cornwall, the Lake District, Scotland and Wales. "These are all areas of outstanding natural beauty, with great beaches and stunning walks that can be enjoyed year-round." Over the course of the last two years, these destinations have seen record numbers of tourists flocking to take in the sights. In 2021, Cornwall tourism bosses said visitor numbers were up more than 30,000 on the year prior. DON'T MISSSpain vaccine rules to change: What do Britons need to know? [EXPLAINER]Pilot shares common mistake passengers make 'reducing survival' [REVEALED]Spain holidays: Huge change to Canary Islands rules [INSIGHT] In the Lake District, bookings made via the Keswick Tourism Association's commission-free platform in the first week of January 2022 far exceeded pre-pandemic levels. Booking levels are recorded as being two-and-a-half times greater in January of 2020. But it isn't just these typically popular holiday haunts that are expecting big crowds this year. According to Mr Bassett, Silverstone, in Northamptonshire, is also proving to be a big hit. He said: "Interestingly, Silverstone is also one of our most popular destinations for bookings this year, no doubt due to the Grand Prix taking place in July 2022." Camptoo predicts some of this surge in bookings might be down to the unique experience renting a camper van offers. Mr Bassett continued: "Renting a campervan is a fantastic way to get close to the action, and Silverstone has several official campsites located in its Golf Club, where visitors have access to drinking water, charging points and shower facilities as well as a number of restaurants, bars, and an on-site shop." Regardless of where Britons are hoping to book this year, they might be faced with crowds - and not only in the high season. Mr Bassett explained: “We anticipate these locations will experience another tourism boom this year, and not just in the traditional summer season. "We’re predicting staycations in the shoulder seasons will be just as popular as more and more people realise the benefits of travelling out of peak season – fewer crowds, cheaper accommodation, and more flexibility when it comes to making reservations at popular restaurants and excursions." If you do have your heart set on a popular destination, time is of the essence according to Camptoo's data. Mr Bassett added: “We strongly recommend getting ahead of the curve this year and booking your staycation as soon as you can, particularly for those with exact destinations or dates in mind, and to guarantee the best possible price for your staycation."