With the potential of a long and bloody war, risking the lives of millions of people, she appeared more concerned about missing out on her trip. Seeking sympathy for her situation, Ms Behar also complained the COVID-19 pandemic had also stopped her from enjoying a holiday in Europe.  Speaking on The View, Ms Behar said: “I’m scared for what is going to happen in Western Europe. “You know, you plan a trip, you wanna go there, I wanted to go to Italy for four years. “I haven’t been able to make it because of the pandemic, and now this.” The statement by Ms Behar received a damming string of replies when the post was streamed on Twitter. Ninja Captioner said: “Behind every war, behind all the innocent civilians killed, there's a rich white woman in an uninvolved country complaining about how she's the real victim.”  JohnnyTheBoy also said: “What is it with the people on this show being so disconnected from reality.” In a much harsher reply, JoeyBoatWater said: “Why the f* does anyone watch this f***g show! “It's baffling to me. “They are all self-absorbed and completely disconnected from reality.” In a jibe at woke culture, Samantha said: “Can we use cancel culture to cancel her, please and thanks?” Thinking of the people in Ukraine during these challenging times, Sammy Austin said: “I'm sure all those in Ukraine and others affected by this inexcusable violence are heartbroken Joy might not get a holiday this year! “Wtf is wrong with some ppl?”  READ MORE:Germany lets down Ukraine AGAIN as country fails sanction test Mocking what is clearly a “first world problem” Dirty Dingus said: "War should only affect the poor peasants, not important folk like me, Harumph!" Feeling a sense of faux sympathy for the veteran US comedian, Tony Della Guardia said: “It’s a real tragedy for you Joy !! I hope you can survive the curveball life threw this morning with this war, “I will light a candle for your non Italy trip” The sentiment of anger was not only felt in the US and Europe, but also in Ukraine. One person, Krookle, claiming to be stuck in the middle of the conflict ended by saying: “Wow me and my family in Ukraine will stop resisting Russian forces to make her vacation more pleasant.”  DON'T MISS:Europe issued chilling Putin warning [REPORT]Man nets £60k after spending ten weeks hunting meteorite [REVEAL]Rees-Mogg facing major backlash over new import row [COMMENT] According to reports, 137 people have already died in the conflict, with many more injured and wounded. News reports show continual airstrikes across Ukraine, with the most recent images showing Russian tanks rolling into the capital, Kiev. NATO troops, including those from Italy, are on standby across the Black Sea and Eastern Europe among fears the conflict may spread West.  Global condemnation has poured in against Mr Putin, with western nations imposing tough economic sanctions on Russia. However, punitive measures have stopped short of being imposed directly on Mr Putin. Calls for Russia to be removed from the SWIFT international banking system have been so far resisted by the European Union, but remain an option according to the White House. 