Tottenham manager Antonio Conte has played down suggestions that he could quit the club in the coming weeks. The Italian openly questioned his future following Wednesday's 1-0 defeat to Burnley, suggesting he may not be "good enough" for the job and arguing that the club need to make an "assessment" over whether he is the right man to take them forward. But speaking before Spurs' game against Leeds on Saturday, Conte insisted he had simply let his emotions get the better of him, while he also lifted the lid on talks with chairman Daniel Levy since the Burnley loss. "When I lose, if you expect that I am happy or to come to a press conference and laugh, I am not this person," he said. "I am sorry if I show my disappointment because maybe it would be good to keep this inside. "Yes I spoke to Daniel Levy. Our chairman knows very well that I'm here to help the club in every moment. I will do that until the end. That's the reality and he knows that we're working hard. He has great consideration about our job and the job of my staff. "I repeat, I want to help the club with every aspect. He shows me great consideration every day and for this reason I'm committed for this club much more because I know the consideration for me is very high." Spurs have lost four of their last five Premier League games, and are in danger of drifting away from contention for a top four spot come the end of the season. But Conte still thinks he has the backing of the board, adding: "The club is the first to know our real situation. The club is very happy about my work, about what we are doing, my staff, the change we brought in these four months at the training ground. "For sure when I lose a game I am not the person to go and have a dinner. I think that I am not the right person, when I lose a game my mood is very bad and I prefer to stay alone and live the defeat, to stay alone and metabolise the defeat. "I need one day to recover at least. This is me. It is me. I don’t like to lose. If you ask me what I hate in life it is to lose games. My mentality is to prepare myself, to prepare the players and to avoid this type of situation." Conte also spoke about injuries, and revealed that Oliver Skipp will still be missing for the trip to Leeds. And Spurs have another blow in central midfield, with Rodrigo Bentacur expected to be out for at least three weeks. On Skipp, Conte added: "This is another problem. I hope the medical department help me. "Skipp is now one month missing. It is the same with Japhet Tanganga. I don't want to put pressure on the medical department but for sure I need help with the situation." On Bentacur he concluded: "Unfortunately he's not available for tomorrow's game. He had a problem in his ankle. "I don't think this is a serious problem. I hope to see him in the team very soon but for sure he's not available tomorrow."