Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has explained an amusing viral social media clip in which midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg appeared to ignore the Italian’s embrace following Spurs’ thrilling 3-2 victory over Manchester City on Saturday. A dramatic Harry Kane winner helped stun the Premier League leaders and hand Conte the most impressive success of his four-month tenure. Kane struck twice in a memorable afternoon for the North Londoners. The England captain put them 2-1 up in the second half but Riyah Mahrez confidently dispatched a penalty to equalise in the first minute of added-time. However, Spurs went up the other end and grabbed a remarkable winner through Kane. Spurs’ celebrations were jubilant at full-time but the emotion prompted an awkward incident involving Conte and Hojbjerg. The head coach strode up to the Danish midfielder and attempted a hug but Hojbjerg did not see Conte and walked away without acknowledging the attempt to embrace.   JUST IN: Man Utd star Bruno Fernandes takes thinly-veiled dig at Solskjaer Footage was shared around social media and Conte has confirmed that he has seen the clip. The 52-year-old brushed it aside, though, and has revealed he celebrated with Hojbjerg in the dressing room. “Yeah, I have seen the video because Anthony [Spurs' press officer] showed me. For sure I was celebrating with all my players,” Conte said on Tuesday. “He didn't see me, but then we have recovered in the dressing room because we celebrated with him. We celebrated with him and all the players.” Hojbjerg has featured in all but two of Conte’s 13 Premier League games since his November appointment. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  The 26-year-old is a key player for Spurs and looks set to form a midfield partnership with January signing Rodrigo Bentancur. Conte is impressed by the midfield options he has available. The former Inter Milan boss continued: “Pierre is another important player for us, he's young but he's more experienced that others and he's a good player. “Now with Bentancur we have implemented the midfielders, Bentancur, Winksy (Harry Winks) is another player that I can count on, and [Oliver] Skipp. “We have to continue to work. To work and to know that we need a bit of time and patience. I know and I am seeing that we are improving in many aspects.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool risk losing out to Bayern Munich on long-term Wijnaldum linkMan Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two Rangnick favouritesScholes claims only one Man Utd player would get into Liverpool's team “Then have to continue to improve in these aspects. Then to be available because the squad is now more complete than before with [Dejan] Kulusevski and Bentancur. “I have also the possibility, if all the players are available, to make some rotation to give a bit of rest which the players need, especially the midfielders. “For example the midfielders against Manchester City, Pierre and Rodrigo, they put in a fantastic performance, they ran a lot and the effort was top. “We have to see if they recover very well otherwise I will have to make rotation because we have many games in a row in a few days and we have to try in every moment to find the best solution.”   