A gardening guru who grows incredible veg detailed how he will be approaching his sowing this year. Owen Harries, also known as The Welsh Gardener, is an 18-year-old vegetable gardener from West Wales. He posts gardening tips and inspiration on his account @thewelshgardener. Owen spoke with Express.co.uk about his plans for this year, and how he chooses the right flowers and vegetables to grow to complement one another. Owen said: "I'm yet to start sowing this year, however, I am growing as much as I possibly can this year, and likely too much considering my over-sowing track record. READ MORE: 'You don’t need to sow the whole packet': How to grow perfect plants from seed "I usually sow lots of vegetables to fill the vegetable beds and produce as much homegrown food as possible from my fairly small garden. "This year will be no different in that sense." Owen is picking the veggies and flowers he will plant carefully to ensure the best harvest. He said: "I will be trying to integrate growing flowers and vegetables in the hope that they will complement each other’s growth and bring more beneficial insects into the garden. READ MORE:Gardening guru on how to grow geraniums from cuttings [FLOWERS] 'If it flowers before June, then prune': When to prune plants [MARK LANE] Gardener's top flower seeds to 'direct sow' [EXPERT] "Some of the summer vegetable plants I will be sowing for the summer and spring will be salads, carrots, parsnips, potatoes, tomatoes, mangetout, runner beans, field beans, courgette, and cucumber, just to name a few. "In terms of flowers, I will be sowing marigolds, cosmos, sweet peas, and hopefully some home-saved lupin seeds that will give me flowers for years and years to come." This tactic of planting flowers alongside vegetables is known as "companion planting". Plants can complement vegetables in numerous ways, like pest control or attracting pollinators. Lavender Lavender attracts pollinators but its strong smell also helps to confuse the pests that feast on carrots and leeks. Mint Is also good to deter the creatures that eat carrots, tomatoes, and alliums. Sage Sage will come to the rescue of brassicas such as cabbages. Thyme Grow thyme next to your roses, as it deters blackfly. Nasturtiums Looking to protect your runner beans? Plant Nasturtiums to distract the aphids. Another gardening guru advised Express.co.uk readers on how to grow dahlias. Lizzie, behind The Rose Press Garden, warned they can be "sensitive". Lizzie said: "Dahlias are beautiful and a ‘must-have’ in any sunny spot in the garden. "I grow mine from tubers and start them off in pots in late March or early May."