Boris Johnson responded to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in the early hours of the morning. Writing on Twitter, the Prime Minister said: "I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps. "President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. "The UK and our allies will respond decisively." During his conversation with Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Ukrainian President updated Mr Johnson on the attacks taking place in the ex-Soviet state. The Prime Minister responded by saying the West would not stand by as Vladimir Putin wages war against the Ukrainian people. JUST IN: Russia has 'everything in place' for 'full invasion' before night ends, warns Blinken He added that he hopes Ukraine can resist the Russian attack and that Ukraine and its people are in the "thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom during this dark time". Mr Johnson will chair a COBRA meeting at 7.30am to discuss the UK's response to the attack, a Downing Street spokesperson has said. The Prime Minister's comments come after missile strikes were launched on the Ukrainian capital and troops were mobilised in Odessa, which is to the south of the county. Troops have also crossed into Kharkiv, which is about 25 miles from the Russian border. READ MORE: Donald Trump says 'genius' Vladimir Putin is 'playing Biden like a drum' over Ukraine However, the Russian defence ministry has denied attacking Ukrainian cities. The Kremlin has instead claimed it is targeting military infrastructure with "high precision weapons". Britain's Foreign Secretary Liz Truss joined the Prime Minister in condemning Russia. She said: "I strongly condemn the appalling, unprovoked attack President Putin has launched on the people of Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS] "We stand with Ukraine and we will work with our international partners to respond to this terrible act of aggression." The Prime Minister is set to attend a meeting with other G7 leaders later today, according to a statement from US President Joe Biden. Mr Johnson had imposed initial sanctions on Russia on Monday after Mr Putin ordered troops into the two rebel-held regions in east Ukraine. This included freezing the assets of five Russian banks and three Russian billionaires. However, Mr Johnson had faced calls from MPs across the House of Commons to go further and impose tougher sanctions on Russia.