Halle Berry, 55, has revealed her daughter was shocked to see her mum kiss both a man and a woman in her 2020 film, Bruised. In the Netflix hit, Halle plays a mixed martial arts fighter who has a short romance with trainer Bobbi Buddhakan, played by Sheila Atim, 31. Halle, who made her directorial debut with the movie, said daughter, Nahla, 13, was stunned when she saw the steamy scenes during an early screening. The Catwoman star explained: “So Nahla watches the love scene (with a man). She’s looking at me and she’s like, ‘Oh, whoa, mum. Really? Wow!’ “Then, my editor, who’s sitting next to me not really realising my daughter is there, says, ‘Go to the second love scene, I want to see what that looks like’. Well, that’s a love scene with a woman. “My daughter’s like, ‘Whoa, mum, we need to have some conversations. You didn’t tell me’.” READ MORE:Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Halle was then forced to explain that it was just a movie and none of it was true, which then prompted an honest conversation about sexuality. The Oscar-winner continued, as reported by The Sun: “It started a conversation - really for the first time - about what I do and about playing characters and what’s real and what’s not real. “She was asking, ‘How do you do that?’ and, ‘How does it make you feel?’ I explained those are some of the hardest scenes actors do, the most awkward. It’s not always fun. “So, I had a real conversation with my daughter about that, about my sexuality, about my work in the business and how hard I had to fight to do the film.” Halle shares Nahla with ex-boyfriend, model Gabriel Aubry, 45. She is also mum to eight-year-old Maceo who she has from a previous marriage to actor Olivier Martinez. Halle posted a rare photo of Nahla to celebrate her 13th birthday last March. In view of her 7.5 million followers, Berry shared a throwback of the pair with huge smiles on their faces as they laughed together. DON'T MISSMadonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap[LATEST]Jamal Edwards' selfless act for mum Brenda after her cancer diagnosis[INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other'[NEWS] The proud mum captioned the post: “No matter how many times I tell her I love her, I love her more than that. “Happy 13th Birthday Nahla Boo.” Last month, Halle confessed that she is now more content than ever thanks to her children and boyfriend Van Hunt. Speaking to AARP magazine, the 55-year-old said: “In my 30s, I was so focused on my career, but I had a desire to have children and be a mother. So I felt I was lacking something. “In my 40s, I took the decade to be at home and have children and be a mom. But my career was lacking - I longed to be back at work. “Now, in my 50s I’ve got my babies, my career, and finally have love in a real, meaningful way... I have two children with two different fathers. Van has a son. “As a mum living in this modern, blended family, all I care about is that my kids are ok with the decisions I’m making.”