Shadow Defence Secretary John Healey played down claims made by Labour MP Diane Abbott casting doubts over whether Russia are the "real aggressors" in the ongoing row over Ukraine. Ms Abbott insisted that Joe Biden and Boris Johnson played a key part in the escalation, as they instigated it themselves by sending NATO troops to Eastern Europe to fight in the event of a Russian invasion. But Mr Healey urged people not to "fall for" what they read in the Russian media who, he claimed, have forged a reputation for spreading fake rumours and amplifying propaganda. LBC host Nick Ferrari asked him: "How concerned are you that some of your colleagues would appear not to take your view on this? "As recently as last week your colleague Diane Abbott suggested that Russia the aggressor should be treated sceptically, the destabilisation from the entire region comes from NATO." But Mr Healey told him that he is under no illusion that Russian President Putin is the sole responsible for any type of potential invasion as NATO would just step in to defend Ukraine and not to attack Russia first. He said: "In an entirely marginal voice, NATO is a defensive alliance, the aggression comes from Putin. JUST IN: Ukraine blackout: Power CUT just minutes after Scholz announces tough sanctions on Russia "We’ve seen that with 180,000 troops on Ukraine’s borders. "And to fall for that is to fall for the Russian propaganda, the disinformation rather than the diplomacy Putin is pursuing in recent months.” Mr Ferrari then said that only as recently as a couple of months ago Ms Abbott was "on the bench". But Mr Healey, who has been a Labour MP for Wentworth and Dearne for 25 years, said that the Labour Party's commitment to NATO was undisputed. READ MORE: Ukraine blackout: Power CUT just minutes after Scholz announces tough sanctions on Russia Responding to Mr Ferrari's claim, he said: “Indeed and that’s changed. "Keir Starmer is in charge, Jeremy Corbyn is not a Labour MP. "Our commitment to NATO is unshakeable for the toughest possible sanctions. "And action in the face of this Russian aggression along with NATO and European allies is absolute!” DON'T MISS 'Think he'll be King?!' Prince Harry blasted for claiming 'direct line of succession'Sky News host in furious row with Russian MP 'Independence has nothing to do with Russia!'‘Cancel culture has gone too far’ John Barrowman defends ‘exposing himself’ on Doctor Who Last week Ms Abbott said that the blame should be shared between Russia on one hand and the US and UK on the other should things unravel and a war begin. She said: "We see that the United States has decided that it needs to send US and other Nato troops to Russia's borders as she is longing for 'dialogue' between the countries to stop an invasion instead of "threats of war". "This alone should tell us that the claims that Russia is the aggressor should be treated sceptically. "The destabilisation in the entire region comes from the continued eastward expansion of Nato. "We need to find peaceful solutions to a complicated conflict of identities and national rights. "This was done elsewhere in Eastern Europe as countries were peacefully separated. "The approach of the British Government and others is in the opposite direction. "The United States has only just ended one disastrous prolonged war in Afghanistan and many here seem to be gung ho about starting another one. "The public is opposed to war with Russia, which would be extremely dangerous for all sides, not least the people of Ukraine. "Nato's a nuclear power and so is Russia. "We need de-escalation and dialogue, not militarisation and threats of war."