Departing from Florida's Cape Canaveral, the enormous cruise ship will welcome holidaymakers aboard this summer. Earlier this week, the ship took to the water in Germany for the first time, where is currently being built. Disney Wish will also be the first vessel in the fleet to be powered by an eco-friendly LNG drive system. But what will it look like inside? The cruise will feature themed restaurants, live performances and immersive experiences. READ MORE: British Airways launches holiday deals to USA, Caribbean and Europe  Holidaymakers will enjoy Marvel, Star Wars and Pixar experiences and shows as well as Disney's classics. The cruise will also have the first attraction at sea: AquaMouse. This will be a 760ft Mickey Mouse-themed water ride with music, lighting and special effects. Frozen fans will be delighted with a fun musical Frozen-themed dining experience.  Adults can also enjoy their time onboard as some adult-only areas include infinity pools, gyms, lounges and entertainment. There will be a total of 1,254 stunning staterooms and suites. The magical cabins will feature Disney artwork and guests will be able to choose between Inside cabins, Oceanview cabins with large portholes, Verandah cabins with private balconies and several types of Concierge cabins and suites. Concierge cabins will run from Family Oceanview or Verandah rooms to suites with one or two bedrooms and balconies. But the best suites will be Disney’s first-ever staterooms located above the bridge. These feature floor-to-ceiling views over the ship’s bow for breathtaking views all day long. The ship is now expected to move to the yard's outfitting pier for final interior decorations. Britons can book their voyage on the Disney Wish for this next summer 2022. The cruise ship will sail its maiden voyage on July 14, 2022, followed by a season of three and four night trips to Nassau, Bahamas, and Disney’s private island, Castaway Cay, departing from Port Canaveral, Florida. According to Disney, the Wish will continue its Bahamian cruises until early June 2023.