Novak Djokovic has suffered a straight-sets defeat to qualifier Jiri Vesely at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. The qualifier's 6-4 7-6(4) win over the five-time champion means Daniil Medvedev will become world No 1 on Monday, ending the Big Four's 18-year dominance at the top of the rankings. Djokovic and Vesely were playing for just the second time in their careers but it was the qualifier who had the edge over the world No 1 in their head-to-head. In their only previous meeting, the Czech player upset Djokovic in the second round of the Monte Carlo Masters back in 2016, winning through 6-4 2-6 6-4. They were set to face off later that year at the US Open but the 20-time Grand Slam champion was unable to get his revenge as Vesely was forced to withdraw and had him a walkover. And almost six years later it was the world No 123 who took the lead over Djokovic once again, as he broke in the very first game of the match but was unable to hold on when the five-time Dubai champion broke back shortly after for 2-2. JUST IN: Russian star Rublev shares Ukraine support with 'no to war' post  Despite getting himself back on serve, Djokovic didn’t look like the indestructable player he’d been in his previous two matches and, after saving one break point at 3-4 he double-faulted on the second to gift the qualifier another break advantage and the 28-year-old continued to hold on until he took the opener 6-4, exactly like in their previous encounter back in 2016. There were no breaks of serve for the first half of the second set, when Vesely struck once again to take a 15-40 lead at 3-3. Djokovic was able to save the first and almost had the second gifted to him when Vesely's return looked as if it was going into the net but a lucky let cord kept the ball in play and the world No 1 sent his shot out to give his opponent the lead. The 20-time Major champion then forced break-back point in the very next game but the world No 123 didn't back down, saving it in a 23 shot rally as Djokovic sent the ball long after the lengthy exchange, and Vesely held to put himself within one game of the match. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal comes through 'strange match' to set new career recordMurray identifies issue holding him back and makes career predictionNadal weighs in on Zverev after horrifying Mexico Open outburst  After a quick love-hold for the Serb, Vesely stepped up to close out the match and found himself 15-40 down. He was able to save both break points, the second with a booming ace, but Djokovic forced one more vital break point and was able to convert to keep himself in the match at 5-5. Not stunted by his failure to close out the match, it was Vesely's turn to give himself another break point chance in the next game, sending down a strong forehand that was too much for Djokovic, who netted the return to go 30-40 down. But Djokovic showed why he is the current world No 1 as he held on for 6-5, guaranteeing himself at least a tiebreak as he lead in the second set for the first time since 3-2.  In dramatic scenes, Vesely led by 30-15 on his serve when he netted an easy overhead to put the five-time Dubai champion within two points of taking the set but held on to force a tiebreak. Vesely got a mini-break on the first point and held his lead until 4-2, when he first correctly challenged an out call before losing the replayed point, but Djokovic immediately handed him the mini-break back with a double fault. This time the Czech qualifier was able to successfully serve it out, winning both points on his serve from 5-4 to defeat the top seed and five-time champion 6-4 7-6(4) in an hour and 57 minutes. It means Medvedev will be the new world No 1 when the rankings are updated on Monday. The Russian will be the first non-Big Four member to hold the top spot since February 1 2004, marking the end of Djokovic, Nadal, Federer and Murray's 18-year reign. Speaking about Medvedev's chance of stealing the top spot ahead of the tournament in Dubai, Djokovic admitted he would be happy to see his friend and rival become world No 1. "Eventually it's going to happen and if it happens this week I'll be the first one to congratulate him," he said.