The unnamed interpreter could be heard struggling to compose herself before suddenly bursting into tears. She made it part-way through the press conference but Welt TV soon panned back to the news host once Volodymyr Zelenskyy, 44, finished his speech. The Ukrainian President had been updating his compatriots about the growing threat posed by Russian troops as they approached Kyiv overnight. In relaying Zelenskyy's comments, the translator said: "Russia is on a path of evil. "The world must deprive Russia of this right to vote in the UN Security Council. "Ukrainians, we know exactly what we are defending," she said whilst she started to cry. The translator ended by simply saying: "Sorry." JUST IN: 'Waters should be closed!' Britain considers imposing ban on Russian ships at UK ports The Ukrainian President went on to add: "The night was hard. "The people rose to defend their state and they showed their true faces. This is terror. "They are going to bomb our Ukrainian cities even more. "They are going to kill our children even more insidiously. "This is an evil that has come to our land and must be destroyed." READ MORE: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to lay down weapons and surrender' in Chernihiv Mr Zelenskyy has since said the next 24 hours are "crucial" in a call with UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, 57, after it emerged Russia has persisted with its continuous "shelling in almost all directions". Kyiv has also claimed around 4,500 Russians have died during the invasion. However, this figure has not yet been verified. Zelenskyy's personal approval rating during the crisis has skyrocketed, with more than 90 percent of Ukrainians surveyed in a poll this weekend expressing support for their President. Only six percent said they do not support him. DON'T MISS: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely' [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT] Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION]