Finn Shelby (played by Harry Kirton) may have inadvertently jeopardised Tommy Shelby’s (Cillian Murphy) Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Clafin) assassination plot in season five of Peaky Blinders. It’s yet to be revealed whether Finn’s gossiping was the reason the politician escaped but the actor who plays the youngest Shelby brother has teased his character may be in grave danger. In season five, Finn was in charge of watching bookmaker Billy Grade (Emmett J. Scanlan) conduct football betting business. The two become friends and the Shelby brother lets slip Tommy’s plans to execute the politician. Tommy’s plot backfired horrifically resulting in the deaths of some of his gang members and the political escaping. Was Finn inadvertently to blame for the assassination plot failing or was Tommy betrayed by someone else? Read more: Peaky Blinders: Will Tom Hardy return as Alfie Solomons? In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Finn star Harry explained his thoughts on the Shelby brother’s actions. He said: “Even though I read and filmed it and was very aware of what happened I didn't quite see it until this season really came out as Finn potentially being the reason that things slipped up. “But whether whether it was or wasn't actually Finn, who slipped up is yet to be defined. “I think Finn has his own friends now, he has his own relationships now and as he’s becoming his own man he will naturally as we all do, move out.” “He's already living on his own, but he will create his own life, and there's a natural distance created with those that you love,” he continued. “But when you're so involved in business, and being a gang member, you have to be a lot closer to everybody else. “So I think that if the truth needs to be dug up, it certainly will be will be dug up. “Whether Finn knew he had a hand in what happened or not I think Tommy's a smart person.” DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders film release date: Everything you need to know  [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders: Lizzie Shelby actress teases emotional final scenes [INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders: Helen McCrory's role in final season teased  [EXCLUSIVE] “His guidance and his intuition is always very apparent,” Harry continued. If the truth about Finn’s involvement in the failed plot comes to light, there will be severe repercussions. The Shelby brothers will likely understand their youngest member wasn’t to blame. Tommy values his family more than anything and would trust Finn didn’t mean to betray the plot to Billy. However, the rally where the assassination plot was meant to take place turned violent with several gang members losing their lives. Aberama Gold (Aiden Gillen) and Barney Thompson (Cosmo Jarvis) were all killed in the struggle. Could a relative of one of the deceased discover the truth about Finn and hunt him down looking for revenge? Tommy has lost so much already it’s hard to imagine how he would cope if his youngest brother was killed. Peaky Blinders returns to BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.