Galaxy S22 is the latest flagship smartphone from Samsung. This sleek handset arrives with a faster processor, triple-camera, an AMOLED screen with a super-smooth 120Hz refresh rate, fast wireless charging, and much more. If you want to find out everything about this new handset from Samsung, you can read our in-depth Galaxy S22 launch article. If you're looking for the ultimate Samsung Galaxy S22 deals? Stay right here. Samsung's all-new handset was announced at the latest glitzy Galaxy Unpacked event on February 9, with pre-orders launching the same day, before the Galaxy S22 hit store shelves from February 25, 2022. While a number of exclusive pre-order deals are now in the rear-view mirror, there are still some phenomenal deals to be had. If you order before early April, you'll be able to secure a one-year subscription to Disney+ and pocket a pair of Galaxy Buds Pro wireless earbuds at no extra cost. These two generous freebies are available everywhere, regardless of whether you buy from Samsung, Argos, Currys, or a mobile network. That said, networks like Vodafone, EE, Three Mobile, and O2 have their own deals too – so there is potential to unlock even more goodies when you buy ahead of the launch date. Samsung has a number of offers available. If you order the Galaxy S22 before April 22, Samsung will bundle a one-year subscription to Disney+. That means you'll be able to watch films and series from Pixar and Walt Disney, as well as every entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, the complete Star Wars saga, as well as award-winning boxsets and movies from National Geographic. Disney+ even includes every episode of The Simpsons ever released. And you won't just be restricted to watching your complimentary subscription on your Galaxy S22 either, you'll be able to sign in on Smart TVs, Fire TV, Apple TV, tablets and games consoles. And that's not all. Place an order from Samsung before April 5, you'll also enjoy a free pair of Galaxy Buds Pro. Priced at £219 when bought from the Samsung Store, these wireless earbuds boast support for active noise-cancellation. And you'll be able to wirelessly charge the 'buds carry case on the rear panel of your new Galaxy S22 handset too. Samsung says that you'll be able to get a huge discount on your shiny new S22 when you trade in an old smartphone at checkout. Of course, that's the maximum amount – if you've got an ageing Android handset with a broken screen, you should expect a little less of a discount on your new purchase. Elsewhere, Samsung exclusive colours that you won't be able to order anywhere else. So, while every UK mobile network offers the Galaxy S22 in a choice of Phantom Black, Phantom White, Pink Gold, and Green (all four of these colour options are also available from Samsung's Online Store too), you'll also get the choice of Graphite, Cream, Sky Blue, and Violet when buying direct from the South Korean firm. These aren't available anywhere else. The exclusive Graphite, Cream, Sky Blue, and Violet colourways are available on both the Galaxy S22 and Galaxy S22+. Samsung does have exclusive colours for the S22 Ultra, but these are different again. Better yet, if you don't want to pay the full cost of the handset upfront, Samsung's Upgrade Programme lets you pay in instalments over two years. You won't pay any extra for the privilege of paying in monthly instalments, and better yet, Samsung will throw in a free case when you buy with the Upgrade Programme. And if you want to buy the next Galaxy S handset when it launches next year? You can swap to the latest-and-greatest for free. Vodafone is offering some ludicrously low monthly bills with its Galaxy S22 deals. That's all thanks to its EVO scheme, which lets you decide how much you'd like to want to pay upfront for the new handset (or nothing at all), as well as the length of the contract – anywhere between 12 to 36 months at 0% APR. Better yet, anyone on a Vodafone EVO contract can take advantage of flexible upgrades, which allow you to upgrade to a brand-new handset at any point from 12 months into the plan. So, even if you opt for a longer contract to lower your monthly bills, you won't necessarily have to keep the same smartphone for 36-months. Samsung Galaxy S22, with 128GB of built-in storage, can be purchased from £24 a month (with just £29 upfront cost). That monthly price is only available if you trade-in an older handset. Like Samsung, Vodafone has a number of generous trade-in deals, with the Galaxy S20, Galaxy S20+ and Galaxy S20 Ultra both unlocking discounts of £432. With a 36-month Vodafone EVO device plan (£21 per month) and 24-month plan with 25GB of 5G mobile data and 3 Xtra benefits, combined with the discount, you'll pay less than £25 for the new Galaxy S22. Needless to say, this plan also comes with unlimited minutes and text messages. If you don't have an older handset to trade-in, Vodafone deals start from £42 per month with £29 upfront for 25GB of 5G mobile data and 3 Xtra benefits, unlimited calls and texts. Even better, you'll be able to claim the same one-year subscription to Disney+ and £219 pair of Galaxy Buds Pro from Samsung when you purchase from a network, like Vodafone. You'll just need to register your shiny new S22 with Samsung to unlock the bonuses. It won't come as any surprise to learn that EE isn't offering the lowest prices for the all-new Galaxy S22. However, EE's 4G and 5G coverage is consistently ranked as the best in the UK, so if you want to make sure you've always got access to fast mobile internet – to answer video calls, stream clips from YouTube, upload snaps to Instagram and Facebook – then EE is probably your best bet. Aside from the widespread coverage, there is another advantage to picking EE. The network's Smart Benefits scheme will let you pick between a free subscription to Netflix, Apple Music, or BT Sport Ultimate as part of your contract. If you're a frequent flier, then you can pick the Roam Abroad benefit, which lets you use your 5G allowance, minutes and text messages when abroad without incurring any extra charges. As always, you'll be able to claim an annual subscription to Disney+ for free as well as a pair of Galaxy Buds Pro. This promotion comes courtesy of Samsung, not EE, so you'll need to make the claim as soon as you receive your new handset via the Samsung promotional website. Samsung Galaxy S22 on EE starts from £51 a month. But if you want to unlock one of the Smart Benefits mentioned above, you'll need to pay at least £58 a month. That comes with a hefty £100 upfront cost. You'll also get unlimited text messages, calls, and 4GB of 5G mobile data. If you're happy to ditch the Smart Benefits, you can unlock unlimited 5G data, unlimited calls and texts for £66 a month. If you're an avid Sky TV viewer, there are a number of reasons to pick Sky Mobile for your new Galaxy S22. That's because Sky Mobile doesn't count Sky-branded apps towards your mobile data allowance. That means you'll be able to stream exclusive boxsets from Sky Atlantic, Sky Comedy or Sky Documentaries via the Sky Go app on your way to work without using any of your mobile data. You can also watch Sky Sports on the move too. Sky Mobile also lets you carry over unused mobile data onto the following month, so even if you choose a plan with a smaller data allowance – you can quickly stash away an impressive amount of 5G data ready for your next road trip. Samsung Galaxy S22 starts from £37 a month with Sky Mobile. For that, you'll get unlimited text messages and calls as well as 2GB of mobile data. There's no upfront cost either, which sets it apart from everything else in this article. If you want 50GB of mobile data with Sky Mobile, you can expect to pay £46 a month, with no upfront cost. Just like every other network in the list, you'll still be able to claim a free pair of Galaxy Buds Pro (worth £219) and an annual subscription to Disney+ at no extra cost. As soon as your new handset arrives, you'll need to register with Samsung to take advantage of the promotion. If you pre-order your brand-new Galaxy S22 from O2, you'll get free mobile data, text messages, and calls for the first three months. That offers a substantial saving – dropping the first three monthly bills to just £20.50. Woah. Even better, O2 is offering Galaxy S22 customers a 12-month subscription to Disney+. This is a perk that O2 offers on a number of its bundles and is completely separate from the 12-month subscription that Samsung is giving away with all Galaxy S22 bundles. It's unclear whether you could claim the free annual subscriptions back-to-back to stream from Disney+ for two years without paying a penny. If that's not possible, O2 offers a number of alternatives, including 6 months of Amazon's Prime Video, Apple Music, Amazon Music Unlimited, Audible, or McAfee anti-virus protection for free. With O2, the Galaxy S22 starts from £46.50 a month with 50GB of speedy 5G mobile data. That includes unlimited text messages and calls. And you'll benefit from 12-months of Disney+ or six months of Prime Video, Amazon Music, Apple Music, Audible or McAfee. You'll also benefit from O2's Priority reward scheme, which includes free coffee and lunches from a number of high street chains as well as early access to buy tickets for some of the biggest gigs in the UK before everyone else. You'll also get the first three months of your new contract for just £20.50 (the cost of the handset) as O2 is waiving the cost for data, minutes and texts. And just like the other deals in this article, you'll still be able to claim the free pair of Galaxy Buds Pro wireless noise-cancelling earbuds (worth £219) and 12-months of free Disney+ from Samsung as soon as you take delivery of your new handset too. Three Mobile is offering half-price bills for the first six months of your new Galaxy S22 deal. Yes, you did read that correctly. You'll be able to score a Galaxy S22 for as low as £30 a month for the first six months of your contract, before rising for the remaining 18-months. For that, you'll enjoy unlimited 5G mobile data, unlimited text messages and calls. That means you'll never have to worry about running out of anything – and will always be able to take advantage of everything the Galaxy S22 offers. There is a £29 upfront cost, which is something to consider if you're looking to minimise the amount that you'll pay on day one. You'll also be eligible to join Three Mobile's rewards scheme, known as Three+. This unlocks exclusive offers from brands like Cineworld, Uber Eats, and Frankie & Benny's, as well as presale access to some of the biggest festivals. Like the other brands in this list, you'll still be able to claim the pre-order gifts from Samsung, including the 12-months of free Disney+ subscription as well as free Galaxy Buds Pro (worth £219). When you pre-order the Galaxy S22 from Three Mobile, you'll be automatically entered into a prize draw with a chance to win one of 22 Samsung-themed prizes, including a Samsung Smart TV and Galaxy Watch 4. Virgin Mobile has some incredible offers available on the Galaxy S22, with prices starting from just £33 a month. For that, you'll get unlimited texts, unlimited calls and 2GB of 5G mobile data. Better yet, there's no upfront cost with this 36-month contract. If you need a little more data, Virgin Mobile can increase the mobile data allowance to 100GB for just £5 more than the entry price. Depending on what you need on your handset, you might not need to worry too much about your monthly data allowance. As standard, Virgin Mobile's plans include data-free WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger and Twitter. So you can answer video calls, send photos and videos to friends and family, and obsessively tweet all day and night without using a single megabyte of your 2GB allowance. Virgin Mobile is also one of a very limited number of networks that decided not to reintroduce roaming charges following the UK's exit from the European Union, so you'll be able to tweet from the beach, send WhatsApp messages and more using only your included data allowance, texts and calls. Both storage options – 128GB or 256GB – are available with the Galaxy S22. Those who need to boost their storage can opt for 256GB for just £1 more per month. And it goes without saying that Samsung's ongoing pre-order deal, which arrives with a free one-year subscription to Disney+ and a pair of Galaxy Buds Pro (worth £219), is available with any handset bought from Virgin Mobile too.