Yesterday Hamilton set the fastest time of Formula 1’s first pre-season test, taking first from his new team mate George Russell with a 1:19.193 in the closing stages of the afternoon session. Sergio Perez finished third ahead of his Red Bull team-mate and reigning World Drivers Champion Verstappen in fourth.  While Alpine and Aston Martin were among a handful of teams hampered by reliability issues in Barcelona, Ferrari and McLaren both completed over 100 laps yesterday.   Hamilton had kept a low profile on and off the track since he was pipped to the Drivers’ Championship by Verstappen in Abu Dhabi, in a season finale that ultimately cost Michael Masi his job as the FIA’s F1 race director. Despite speculation that the British driver would retire, Hamilton has returned to the track and will attempt to claim a record-breaking eighth world title. He will likely go toe-to-toe with Verstappen for the title once again, with the pair having had an on-track rivalry since the Dutchman burst onto the scene in 2015. Though there is much respect between the drivers, at times their rivalry has boiled over. Read More: Lewis Hamilton gives reason for social media silence ahead of 2022 In 2019 Hamilton had to pull Verstappen aside after a coming together in the opening lap of the Mexico Grand Prix led to a heated exchange between the pair. Although the Red Bull driver came off worst Hamilton was quick to criticise his rival, describing Verstappen as a “torpedo”. They came to blows once again the following race weekend in Austin as the pair squabbled over a track space in Q3. This time Verstappen went on the offensive, accusing Hamilton of driving like “nobody was there and didn’t care”.  Aware that the situation may have soon gotten out of hand, Hamilton pulled his rival aside for clear the air talks just before the race. The Mercedes driver told Channel 4 at the time: “I spoke to Max before the race. “I was like ‘Dude, you are such a great racer man, let’s just squash whatever there is between us, whatever beef, let’s go out there and have a great race.’ “He is a champion of the future and I’m going to work as hard as I can to stop that from happening for a while. Don't Miss:Verstappen hit out at Vettel and Raikkonen: 'Should be ashamed'[OPINION]Toto Wolff raged at Lewis Hamilton with brutal warning[ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff shamed by Christian Horner for ‘roasting’ own F1 team[INSIGHT] “But I’m enjoying the race with him.” After the drama of the 2021 season Hamilton this week admitted that he feels refreshed after a winter break. Meanwhile his team have warned competitors that the British driver is ready to reclaim his title from Verstappen.  Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff claimed Hamilton was in “attack mode” for the 2022 season, after spending time away from social media during the winter break. He said: “I think what he did was absolutely right, to take himself out of the microcosmos of Formula 1 and step aside, and black out socially. “He has come back in a great mindset. “He’s positive, he’s determined and yet again adversity that was thrown at him will make him stronger. And as he said, it’s attack mode.”  Meanwhile, Verstappen has blasted the decision to drop Masi as F1 race director. Following an inquiry into last year’s title decided, the FIA announced an officiating restructure earlier this month, with Masi replaced by two race directors. Verstappen said the decision to drop the race director was “very unfair” and insisted the Australian was “thrown under the bus” by the FIA. 