Peace lilies are beautiful houseplants, which boast a stunning white flower when they bloom. However, in order to keep your plant healthy, you should follow a strict watering routine. Although many people know that under-watering their houseplant can be troubling for it, experts also warn of the dangers of watering your plant too often. Hammonds Furniture spoke to Samantha Jones, Gardening and Plant Expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, for insight into how to properly care for your peace lily. Ms Jones said: "Your peace lily should be watered weekly, but make sure to check that the soil is dry before you water. If your peace lily is wilting, you most likely need to water the plant as this is a sign of dehydration." But it isn't just over-watering that will result in visual signs from your plant. READ MORE: Shower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' The peace lily will also show signs of too much hydration. Ms Hammond said: "If the plant is drooping and its leaves are yellow, hold back on the watering as your plant has been overwatered and needs a break." Before watering your peace lily, poke your finger into the top few layers of soil. If the soil feels moist, then it is a good idea to leave it a little bit longer before you water your plant. DON'T MISSWhen to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [REVEALED]Spring gardening: 5 flowers to sow next week [EXPLAINER]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering [INSIGHT] But, if the soil is feeling dry, it's likely your houseplant is parched. Ensuring your plant pot has adequate draining holes will make sure that the peace lily is not sat in stagnant water for long periods of time. It is essential not to water-log your peace lily's roots. This can lead to root rot and the overall demise of your plant. Although peace lilies traditionally need watering weekly, in the winter they may be able to withstand longer periods without water. And though they do need sunlight, these fickle plants can't have too much. Strong rays of sunshine can actually damage their leaves. Ms Jones explained: "Any dry flowers or scorched leaves indicate that your plant is suffering from having too much sunlight and needs to be moved to a shadier spot in the house." Water and the right amount of sunlight is not the only thing that peace lilies need in order to thrive, though. Ms Jones said: "When it comes to humidity and temperature, the peace lily needs a more particular set-up. "They should be kept away from cold draughts and will do best in a humid room, such as a bathroom. "However, you can place your peace lily on display elsewhere in your home and mist the plant every few days to mimic this environment."