Russian President Vladimir Putin has formally recognised the independence of the Russian-backed regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. On Monday, Russian state television showed the country's leader, joined by Russia-backed separatist leaders, signing a decree recognising the independence of the two Ukrainian breakaway regions Mr Putin said in a televised address: "I deem it necessary to make a decision that should have been made a long time ago - to immediately recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic." Russian separatist rebels control around a third of the area - also known as the Donbas or Donbass region - and have been fighting control from Ukraine since 2014. Western leaders have expressed fears this could be the first step to a full invasion of Ukraine, and have moved quickly to slap Russia with punishing sanctions. The SNP and its leader Nicola Sturgeon have continued to demand a second referendum on Scottish independence - something UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has repeatedly slapped down. But some Scottish nationalists have now taken to social media to use the horrific situation as another opportunity to complain about the Union. Robert Bendoris tweeted: "See the EU's not happy about Russia recognising Donbass's independence. "Scotland's been held hostage in the English union for over 300yrs and not a word is said about that travesty?" The social media user Duckszilla wrote: "Having to accept that Donbas is pro Russian and allowing them to leave Ukraine scares many world leaders. "Why? Because then those like Boris Johnson would have to accept the same for Scotland. READ MORE: UK to avoid Putin's fury with 'reliable and diverse' gas supply "Many countries are in a similar predicament minus the violence." Bubblejet said: "It's not for Kiev to impose itself on the Donbass if that's not what the people of that region want. "It Scotland votes to leave the UK, London would have to respect that." GordyPops even replied to a tweet from First Minister Ms Sturgeon on the crisis to state: "The Donbas is to Ukraine much what Scotland is to the UK." DON'T MISSRussia-Ukraine LIVE: Boris says brace ourselves for Putin's next step [BLOG]Nicola Sturgeon snubs Boris Johnson with major rule on Covid [LATEST]Merkel slammed as Scholz CUTS Putin's gas pipeline [REACTION] Roman Polyachenko commented: "Why is everyone so mad about separatism? "Just visited Scotland last week and they also want to become independent and join the EU. "They are angry with the UK for Brexit. Donbas is angry with Kiev and the West. "And an interesting speech by the way, especially if you speak Russian." Since 2014, there have been several comparisons made between Donbass and Scotland, when Scots voted against independence during a democratic referendum by a margin of 55 percent to 45 percent. That same year, the Kremlin annexed Crimea and launched a rebel war in Donetsk and Luhansk, a conflict that has claimed some 13,000 lives and displacing up to one million Ukrainian citizens. Following the Scottish independence vote in September 2014, pro-Russian rebel leader Miroslav Rudenko launched a blistering attack against the UK Government, accusing it of fixing the result of the referendum. He said: "I can't exclude the possibility that the British authorities have falsified the results of that referendum, as the difference between those who voted for independence and against it isn't too big."