Engulfed by scandals and chaos in Downing Street, Boris Johnson has some of that defiant spirit. His cause looks almost hopeless. Parts of his party are in open revolt. His public support is haemorrhaging. Yet he continues to exude a remarkable determination to remain in post. The relentless mood of crisis in No10 has exhausted but not broken him. “Onward,” he now regularly barks at his staff to encourage them. Only yesterday one of his close allies said: “He is making it very clear that they will have to send a Panzer division to get him out.” Given the recent heavy blows he has taken, that attitude reveals an astonishing survival instinct. Only a few months ago he was the master of the political scene, with a commanding lead in the polls that reflected the successful delivery of Brexit and the vaccine programme, as well as his unique, charismatic appeal beyond traditional Conservative territory. Since the autumn, the tide has turned, started by his disastrous attempt to get Tory MP Owen Paterson off the hook for a  flagrant breach of lobbying rules. This was soon followed by a torrent of claims about lock-down-busting parties in No10 during the pandemic. Amid widespread public outrage and the launch of a police investigation, new force was given to the long-standing charge that Johnson’s deceitful, dysfunctional methods make him unsuited to the highest office. But even in this extraordinary personal saga, last week was by far the darkest yet. The relentless battering of the PM opened with the publication of the damning interim report by top official Sue Gray into the alcohol-fuelled culture of No10. Then came further expressions of no confidence in him by tory MPs and the resignations of  five key staffers, including his long-standing policy adviser Munira Mirza who openly denounced his lack of integrity in trying to smear the Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. It was an attack backed in private by much of the Cabinet and in public by his Chancellor Rishi Sunak, the front-runner for his job. Compounding the assault were excerpts at the weekend from an incendiary new book by tory Lord Ashcroft about Boris’s wife Carrie, portraying her as a manipulative schemer who has “mesmerised” Johnson. At times, the rage against the Prime Minister has looked like a witch-hunt, orchestrated in the media by his hysterically embittered former aide Dominic Cummings. Yet rather than sliding into panic or self-pity, he showed a calm resolution as he set about rebuilding his team. Indeed, he turned the staffing meltdown in his favour by using it as an opportunity for just the kind of shake-up that Sue Gray had advocated. “Change is good and change is necessary, even though it’s tough,” he said on Friday, quoting the movie the Lion King. The first two new appointments should certainly improve Downing Street efficiency. One was the Cabinet Minister Steve Barclay as his new political Chief of Staff. A seasoned Brexiteer whose common sense and instinct for reform are matched by his lack of ego, Barclay is ideal for this role. Equally impressive is the new Director of Communication Guto Harri, a veteran broadcast journalist. trusted by Johnson from their collaboration in the London Mayor’s office, Harri should be able to radically improve Johnson’s currently dismal relations with the media. The Prime Minister does not need a big new department, as some now suggest. Indeed, a central reason for the present shambles is that the number of aides has spiralled to over 400. Noted for his cavalier manner and inattention to detail, Johnson is the last man to provide effective management in this glut of officialdom. A small circle of reliable confidants would be better. The recruitment of Barclay and Harri is a good start. Whether this will be enough to save his premiership remains to be seen, for he may have permanently lost the trust of a wide section of the public. Moreover there’s turbulence on the economic front, due to soaring living costs and rising interest rates. But he is still battling. “Put the gumshield in and get back on the pitch,” he said last week. His political obituaries cannot be written just yet. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea