Christina Trevanion is a familiar face on Bargain Hunt, as well as fellow BBC shows such as Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip. She has had a love of antiques from an early age and especially vintage jewellery which has made her stand out from the crowd when it comes to experts on the shows. However, when Christina is away from the cameras, she is working hard on her own business. After graduating from university, Christina went to work at London auction house Christie's for a time. It wasn't too long though before she moved back home to Shropshire and later became a partner in her own auctioneer and valuer firm Trevanion & Dean in 2015. She set up the company with her business partner at the time Aaron Dean. However, four years later, he decided it was time to do something new and left it in Christina's very capable hands. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? In a statement back in 2019, Aaron wrote: "I am delighted that Christina is now taking over the business, “I’m excited to see it thrive under her leadership. “I’ve had a fantastic four years at Trevanion & Dean, full of laughter and fun, and it's time for me to move on.” He made the big move of relocating to Cheshire with his partner for a career break. While Christina is interested in jewellery, Aaron has a passion for books, historic documents and furniture. He studied Fine Art Valuation at Southampton Solent University before Aaron went on to join Dreweatt’s in Newbury. He later worked his way up to Gorringes in Lewes as a valuer and cataloguer before moving to Shropshire in 2013. While he left Trevanion & Dean three years ago, he has since made a return to the industry and is now working at Adam Partridge as a senior valuer and auctioneer. DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [UPDATE]Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION]David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [CAST] Christina and Aaron originally met at university and stayed in contact before launching the business together some years later. At the time, she said: "We are fully committed to continuing to be able to offer the people of Shropshire, Cheshire, Wales and the surrounding area the high levels of customer service they expect from their local auction house, while providing them with an international platform on which to offer their treasured possessions." Since Aaron left Trevanion & Dean, Christina has hired several new members of staff. She will be back for another episode of Bargain Hunt on Monday, February 21. The synopsis for the next episode of Bargain Hunt on BBC One reads: "Christina Trevanion heads to west Wales, where experts Philip Serrell and Kate Bliss guide our red and blue teams in their search for the best items to sell at auction in Cardiff. "Christina carves her own lovespoon as she learns about the Welsh tradition dating back to the 17th century." But what treasures are the teams going to find during their time in Wales? Bargain Hunt airs every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.