The Apprentice star Karren Brady is renowned for being a trail-blazing female entrepreneur, and she made it in a man's world managing football clubs despite navigating a sport she acknowledges is notoriously masculinised. However, she is against the current trend for gender neutrality being incorporated into schools - and isn't afraid to say so. The West Ham United FC vice-chairman blasted: "Could it really be true that some schools are considering bans on phrases such as 'boys and girls' due to fears of 'sexism'?" Urging the public to "keep it simple", she questioned: "It just seems mad, doesn’t it?" She added in a column for The Sun: "In many ways it is right that teachers are being told not to give one-sided accounts of national heroes such as Winston Churchill, who has been branded racist by some activists in recent years. "But it does seem like the classroom is becoming a political battleground. READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "Being a kid used to be so simple." The trend for "wokeness" has been sweeping the country in recent years, causing schools, councils, and other institutions to give their culture an overhaul. It has been deemed that using terms like "boy" and "girl" could be offensive and exclusionary to transgender people, or to non-binary people, who do not identify as one gender or the other. After celebrities such as soul singer Sam Smith announced that they didn't feel they belonged to one gender or the other, the BRITs made the move to a gender-neutral award approach, which debuted at the 2022 awards ceremony earlier this month. However, Karren, 52, has been clear about her beliefs, arguing this change isn't necessary. She had previously spoken out on the issue in the publication when she argued: "Have you heard the one about the couple who are refusing to reveal the sex of their 17-month-old toddler, even to close family, to ­protect them from 'unconscious gender bias'? "I know — hilarious, right? Well, perhaps it would be if it were a joke. "But Hobbit Humphrey and Jake England-Johns are real people who have decided to dress their real baby, Anoush, in both boys’ and girls’ clothes. DON'T MISS... 'How dare he?' Piers Morgan fumes over Prince Andrew settlement claims [DEBATE] Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [PHOTOS] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  "They are asking friends and family to address the toddler using the gender-neutral pronouns 'they' and 'them'. "One of the child’s grandparents said they only found out the baby’s gender after 11 months when changing a nappy. "I’m sure I’m not alone in asking whether the world has actually gone mad?" Karren argued that decisions like this did nothing to combat "the real [issue]... gender inequality". She also added that "imposing a gender-free state" on young children would only cause "confusion". "Imposing your own politically correct gender on a toddler by denying them any gender at all, years before they have any idea what gender actually is, seems at best delusional," she continued. "At worst, it’s deeply selfish."