Sophie Valentine posts pictures of her stunning garden and the tips she uses to make it look so beautiful on her Instagram account @lookinsidemygarden. The gardener has one expert trick to dealing with slugs. It came after she detailed how to grow geraniums from cuttings. Sophie told Express.co.uk: "Being a dahlia lover, slugs are the one pest I do battle with. "Last year I discovered an amazing organic product, which you water into the ground and it made a huge difference to slugs in the garden. "It’s called Nemaslug and I bought it online." READ MORE: How to get a full workout in the garden according to Mark Lane Nemaslug is a brand of nematodes, which are an organic slug killer. It's very popular with gardeners due to the relatively hands-off method it requires. Nematodes are microscopic creatures that live in the ground and eat slugs. DON'T MISS'If it flowers before June, then prune': When to prune plants [MARK LANE] Gardener's top flower seeds to 'direct sow' [EXPERT] Kill weeds fast with this gardening job in February [INFLUENCER] They target young slugs, living under the ground, and so are very effective. Nematodes can be bought online and come looking like dry yeast. To use them, sprinkle a packet of nematodes into your watering can and water wherever you would like them to be effective. Nemaslug claims to provide 300,000 nematodes for every square metre of soil and will protect from slugs for six weeks. Nematodes kill slugs by crawling into their natural body openings. The little creatures release bacteria which kills the slug. The slug carcass becomes a breeding ground for the nematodes, and offspring will soon be off in search of other slugs. One victim of slugs, dahlias, are among the most popular summer flowers. However, they can be "extremely sensitive", one gardener has warned. Now, how to grow dahlias to produce stunning flowers has been detailed by the gardener. Lizzie, behind The Rose Press Garden, said: "Dahlias are beautiful and a ‘must-have’ in any sunny spot in the garden."