Commuters in and around London are being urged to work from home on Tuesday as a fresh string of strikes are planned for the busy London network. Transport for London (TfL) has said it expects severe delays across the network and other services such as overground, rail and buses to be considerably busier than usual. Thousands of London Underground workers are staging a walkout in a dispute over jobs, pensions and conditions. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) will take action on Tuesday and Thursday, with the strikes lasting all day. In a statement, TfL said: “TfL will do all it can to provide as many transport options as possible, but customers are advised to check before they travel, consider if their travel is essential and work from home if possible. “They should leave more time for journeys and travel at quieter times where possible,” said a statement.  READ MORE: Not fare... UK public transport the most expensive in Europe The public transport operator added in a separate statement on Monday morning: “Strike action has been called despite there being no proposals tabled on pensions or conditions, and no job losses. “TfL’s actions to make London Underground more efficient and financially sustainable – including an independent review of its pension arrangements – are in response to Government conditions of funding agreement." RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: “Our members will be taking strike action because a financial crisis at LU (London Underground) has been deliberately engineered by the Government to drive a cuts agenda which would savage jobs, services, safety and threaten their working conditions and pensions.  “These are the very same transport staff praised as heroes for carrying London through Covid for nearly two years, often at serious personal risk, who now have no option but to strike to defend their livelihoods. “The politicians need to wake up to the fact that transport staff will not pay the price for this cynically engineered crisis. “In addition to the strike action, RMT is co-ordinating a campaign of resistance with colleagues from other unions impacted by this threat.” The strike is the first network wide action in five years.  DON'T MISS'It’s a joke!' Uni strikes disrupt students' learning yet again [INSIGHT]Putin’s cyber army are taking aim at British computers [REPORT]Not fare... UK public transport the most expensive in Europe [INSIGHT] The strike will affect all underground lines on Tuesday, March 1 and Thursday, March 3. Both will begin at 00.01am and end at 11.59pm. Separate strikes on the night tube will take place over the weekend, affecting only the Victoria and Circle lines. They start from 8.30pm on Friday, March 5, to 8.30am on Saturday, March 6, and restart from 8.30pm on Saturday to 8.30am on Sunday, March 7. These are currently expected to continue at the same time every weekend. The news comes as tube and bus fares increase by an average of 4.8 percent from Tuesday. National Rail fares will rise by 3.8 percent.