Maynard Manyowa was always several steps ahead of the con artist, who used the name Kimone Mattis Investments and a bogus image of a young woman on Instagram. The scammer claimed to be an "official cash promoter agent certified and insured by the World Financial Organisation, IRS (Internal Revenue Service)" and said they could double investments in 30 to 45 minutes. Maynard, who has lived and worked in Africa, recognised it was a scam straight away but decided to play along anyway. He said he wanted £800 to become £8,000 in half an hour but, when the con artist demanded he send the cash through an app, like CashApp or World Remit, Maynard asked for a London bank account because the scammer had said they were in the capital. Maynard said: "It was an HSBC bank account. For kicks, I sent the scammer £1, knowing it would p*** him off but also show I was willing to play ball. "When I disappeared on him, he tried calling me. I told him I needed to use the toilet, for a while. And promised that I would send him money after my number two. "In fairness, I gave my scammer plenty of opportunities to pick the wind up, in one instance telling him my dog had eaten my tissue. Yet for a person who makes a living out of outsmarting people, he really was 10 steps behind the entire time. "I gave him the run around all evening and morning. And by the next day, Friday February 18, I was ready to find his other money mules." Maynard, a journalist with Yorkshire Live, saw the scammer's IP address was from Lagos, Nigeria. When he eventually offered to use cash transfer apps, the scammer sent different names and locations, including Jamaica, on each.    Maynard spooked the scammer when he asked them to partcipate in a video call. "I needed to have my scammer's face. So I sent him a sob story begging him not to scam me, and telling him that I needed a gentleman's agreement, face to face, man to woman or man to man," the reporter continued. "I wanted a video call and for him to make this promise of video call. He was hesitant. But I also knew on a Friday night, he probably needed the money. "My scammer was spooked. They didn't want to video call. "But I knew I had them. I had noticed they had hurriedly unsent the messages with the Jamaican contact's name from the chat. "Throughout the entire ordeal, one thing had stuck out for me. The scammer, had attempted to appeal to my struggles. Offering a solution to my problems with the rising cost of living. "He was no Robin Hood. This fella was out to Rob the Hood. "I also found it fascinating that the scammer relied on a UK money mule. UK banks are among some of the most diligent enterprises in the world, largely because of risks of terrorism."   Incidences of bank scams have shot up 30 per cent in the last 18 months and its people who are in their forties, fifties and sixties who are falling prey. Responding to Maynard's experience, a HSBC UK spokesperson said: “HSBC UK takes scams and fraud seriously and is committed to preventing criminals from accessing the financial system. "We actively look for unusual activity and take appropriate and timely action when customer accounts are being used to facilitate financial crime. “We continue to work with the authorities and alongside others in the industry to identify and address the ever-changing techniques used by criminals and assist in investigations to bring them to justice. “We are confident in our account opening procedures. Various checks are performed during the account opening process, and these checks are in line with the industry standard, supported by the Financial Conduct Authority." 