Better Call Saul is an American crime drama created by the team behind Breaking Bad, Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould. Actor Peter Diseth has opened up about a heartfelt moment with a fellow cast member as he looks back on previous seasons. With only a matter of weeks to wait, diehard fans of the hit AMC show can see the prequel on the horizon. The show had big shoes to fill in the form of Breaking Bad, but the gritty drama seemed to have no issues swaying viewers to stick with it. Ahead of the new cycle airing, a fanatic of the show has recirculated a 2020 social media post from actor Peter Diseth which pays tribute to co-star Bob Odenkirk. Initially shared with his 673 Instagram followers, the star said: "A few days before filming my scenes for episode 303 of BETTER CALL SAUL (“Sunk Costs”), I got a text from Bob Odenkirk’s assistant asking if I was available to rehearse with him. Read More: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? "It was the first real substantial scene work I had with him for an episode." The star described that they filmed a bathroom sequence together in season two, but he had "two big scenes" this time around. Used to preparing for scenes by himself, he proclaimed that he was "delighted" to rehearse the scene with his on-screen counterpart. The show is set and filmed in Albuquerque, New Mexico, with many of the cast living close by for the length of filming. Peter continued: "But I was also a stay-at-home dad with a young babbie attached to me for most hours of the day and wasn’t comfortable coming to the studio with her for a rehearsal. "This is where most stories like this would end: the star of the show would say, “Oh ok, I totally understand, let’s try to connect twenty or thirty minutes before we shoot on the day and talk it over” and I would have said, “That would be great, thank you!” But that’s not what happened." Hailing his fellow performer as a shining example of what a true actor was, he told fans: "Bob cares about the show, he cares about the performances, he cares about his co-stars, and he knows a thing or two about being a dad to a little one. "So, instead, he rode his bike over to my home and we rehearsed in a room downstairs. And when my daughter started to get fussy, and I strapped her to my chest, Bob didn’t roll his eyes—he continued with the scene but started saying his lines in silly voices right to my baby girl who just laughed and laughed and laughed." DON’T MISS… Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for bad hygiene 'have walked away' [LATEST] Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT] Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST] His behind-the-scenes claim hailed the 59-year-old as one of the most compassionate creatives he has worked with and that he should win multiple awards. Concluding: "That’s the kind of guy he is. He cares and he’s caring. I hope like hell he gets a bevy of awards this year and/or next, because people who watch the show only get to see a fraction of his talent, compassion, and dedication. (There’s a part two to this story, but I’ll save it for another post, another day.)" At the time, loyal viewers of the show commented with their appreciation for this rare glimpse of what goes on behind the camera. Dominik Starck said: "Thanks for sharing this great story. And just in case you haven't heard it for a few minutes; that scene is AMAZING!"  Tony Dodge added: "Great story about great people working together to make something even greater!" "Amazing!!! Every story I hear about him is always so kind and generous. Can’t wait for part two!!" Jen Step commented. The social media post gained a second life as fan @MLP_Arg screenshotted the post and tweeted it simply saying: "This is so sweet." The recent revisit to the post gained thousands of likes and hundreds of retweets, the original poster Peter even commented: "I have nothing but the fondest memories working with everyone on that show." Better Call Saul season 6 will premiere on Monday, April 18, on AMC in America and Tuesday, April 19, on Netflix UK.