Olga was left visibly shaken and fighting tears as she realised the footage she was seeing live from Kyiv, Ukraine showed her family home which had been destroyed by bombs from the Russian army. Karin tried to comfort her BBC colleague but Olga carried on, explaining she could not believe what she was seeing.  “We are seeing the fire brigade coming to help, we are seeing the streets of Kyiv,” Olga explained. Karin asked: “You’re talking about that actual building.” “Yeah that actual building is my home,” Olga replied. Karin reassured her: “Olga, I don’t want you to be forced to talk about something so sudden and traumatic.” READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' “I’m trying to find out where is my flat, I was on the sixth floor,’ Olga continued. “Basically there is a 10 storey building and a 16 storey building next to that.” Karin commented: “Olga we really appreciate what it must be like for you to talk about this.” “I just can’t link in my head that what I’m seeing is somewhere I used to live,” Olga replied.  Olga went on to reveal she’d received a message from her mother saying she was “hiding in the basement in Kyiv”. She had only just been made aware her family home had been destroyed just hours before she reported on the crisis. Karin took to Twitter after the broadcast to share more details with her followers and concerned viewers. She wrote: “The moment my @bbcukrainian colleague @Yollika sees pictures of her family home, partially destroyed overnight in #Kyiv. DON'T MISS...Russia AXED from Eurovision Song Contest after Putin declares war [LATEST]The two key demands Putin wants from Ukraine for talks to happen [INSIGHT]London mum's heartbreak as son fears for dad trapped in Ukraine [REACTION] “We did not know until that moment it was her actual building that had been hit. “Thankfully Olga’s family is safe.” Viewers rushed to comment on the post and reach out to Olga, sharing their heartache. Daniel Rintoul posted: “This brings home the reality and pain of war and the palpable horror involved. “My heart goes out to @Yollika and her family. In this day of 24 hour news and social media, it's easy to become a spectator and removed from the reality and destruction involved.” Charlie Haynes added: “Thinking of you and your family at the moment @Yollika. “I know all of us at the BBC will be there to support you and your colleagues once this nightmare ends.” Radio Kate posted: “Oh my. Olga I’m so sorry and so glad that you heard from your mother. I cannot fathom all that is going on, and for you to see your home destroyed like that.. I just can’t begin to comprehend it. I just want to give you a big hug.” Ben Tavener shared: “My dearest friend and colleague, @Yollika - I’m so sorry. Your country doesn’t deserve this.”