Manchester United midfielder Fred is a good player and deserves more respect from fans and pundits alike, according to ex-England international John Barnes. And Barnes believes United's forwards need to work harder to protect Ralf Rangnick's midfield and prevent it from getting overrun. Fred has been the subject of a mass divide amongst supporters ever since his £47million move from Shakhtar Donetsk in 2018. The Brazilian midfielder struggled to adapt under Jose Mourinho, and he also largely underwhelmed during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's tenure. Fred has enjoyed his best patch of form since joining the Red Devils under Rangnick, though, and is even adding goal contributions to his game. However, Rangnick's side are struggling to control games, which stems down to being outnumbered in the midfield battle. JUST IN: Tottenham's view on Conte future explained with 4 players behind rage And in part, that has led to criticism of Fred and Scott McTominay, United's two primary defensive midfielders this season. But Barnes believes the club's attackers must do more to help out in midfield and prevent Fred and others from facing battles they can't win. And the former Liverpool man also made a point to hail the 28-year-old and what he brings to United. He told Bonuscode Bets: "Fred deserves more respect for the job he's doing on the pitch for Manchester United. READ MORE: Scotland World Cup clash under threat as Ukraine suspends league "Fred and Scott McTominay in the midfield have unfortunately been playing in games with a front four who don't work as hard off the ball, which means the two of them are overrun [by opposing players]. "As much as teams may get at Manchester United's back four easily, it's not because of those two. Fred's been treated very unfairly and judged rather harshly. "You cannot just have two midfielders doing all of the off-the-ball work when you have a front four who really haven't also worked tirelessly when out of possession to help supplement them. "Fred is a good player who every time he's played has done okay. Ralf Rangnick is correct that he deserves more respect." Fred is gradually earning more respect amongst the Old Trafford terraces as his pressing capabilities continue to shine through under the Godfather of the Gegenpress. But if United are to progress as a team, Barnes wants to see the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Cristiano Ronaldo, and Jadon Sancho increase their defensive output. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.