Both Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen have been warned that Fernando Alonso will win again ‘sooner or later’ by former world champion Mika Hakkinen. Alonso is no doubt a legend of Formula 1, having won 32 races, earned 98 podiums and clinched two world championship crowns during his impressive career. And at 40-years-old the Spaniard still finds himself competing at the highest level, as he represents Alpine in 2022 in his 21st year as an F1 driver. Despite being in the latter stages of his career, fellow former world champion Hakkinen believes Alonso will be back on top of the podium at some point in the near future. Quoted by motorsport.com the Finn said: “I’m still very impressed with Fernando [Alonso]. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen sent message by another dark horse ahead of 2022 season  “We know his motivation, his fitness, his love of motorsport and I can see him winning. “He is not in Formula 1 just to be in it, he wants to win and I am very confident. I see him winning in Formula 1 sooner or later. “And the team he is in now, I’m sure that with the resources and the means they have, if they want to use them fully, they can win. “So I wouldn’t be surprised if 2022 is the year when we will see Alonso winning races.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton explains snooping on Max Verstappen's car in BarcelonaAlfa Romeo's camouflage car as Bottas' livery kept under wrapsLewis Hamilton and co 'sent letter' to FIA demanding F1 rule changes One key aspect that Hakkinen believes will help Alonso mount a challenge is newly introduced regulations on all F1 cars. As a result new rulings by the FIA have been introduced to level out the playing fields in the championship to make racing more competitive, following Verstappen and Hamilton’s domination last season. He went on: “I say that because this year’s cars, with the new regulations, are set up extremely differently to last year. “They are much steeper, they slide much more in the slow corners.   “You don’t have so much downforce in those corners so you need very good control of the car, you need to be very aggressive to be able to generate good temperature in the tyres. “That’s why if you look at Alonso’s driving style since he made his debut in Formula 1, as well as his performance. “I wouldn’t be surprised if that driving style fits well with this new regulation.”