There are several products currently being recalled from shelves. The Food Standards Agency alongside the supermarkets or brands has issued recall notices, asking customers to not eat the products and return them to the store. Tesco is recalling Tesco Hog Roast Style Pork with Apple Sauce because the crackling crumb sachet within the pack may contain Salmonella. Symptoms caused by salmonella usually include fever, diarrhoea and abdominal cramps. The product details are: Pack size 425g Use by date of March 8, 2022 and March 9, 2022. Tesco said: “If you have bought any of the above product do not eat it. “Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. “If you require further details, please contact Tesco Customer Services directly on 0800 505 555.” READ MORE: How to sleep: What to include in your dinner to help improve sleep Waitrose is recalling Waitrose & Partners Green Pesto with Basil because salmonella has been found in the product. Symptoms caused by salmonella typically include fever, diarrhoea, and abdominal cramps. Pack size is 145g. The use by date is February 27, 2022. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Michael Mosley on how to lose 2st and ‘keep it off’ [EXPERT]World War 3: Top 3 safest destinations to travel to [LIST]Princess Victoria of Sweden ‘not allowed to wear’ certain tiaras [COMMENT] food The supermarket is also recalling Awfully Posh Pork Crackling 40g and Awfully Posh Pork Scratchings 40g. The Awfully Posh Pork Crackling 40g was all date codes up to and including Best Before July 23, 2022. The Awfully Posh Pork Scratchings 40g was all date codes up to and including Best Before June 25, 2022. Again, Waitrose is recalling the above products due to the possible presence of salmonella which if consumed by someone may lead to illness. Customers are asked to do the same as above: “Do not consume, package up the item. “Return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund.” KP Snacks are also recalling a product - Popchips Veg Vibes Sea Salt & Balsamic Vinegar 85g because they contain milk which is not mentioned in the ingredients list. As a result of a packaging error, some packs contain Sour Cream & Onion flavoured chips which contain milk. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. The product details are: Batch code: YP1D 1344 00:43 to 02:30 Best before date: 09 07 2022 KP Snacks have said: “If you have bought this product with the pack code as described above and you have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents or follow a vegan diet, do not eat them.” Instead, customers are asked to contact the company with the pack details and they will be issued a full refund. By phone: 08000196193 or by the Contact Us web form at https://www.kpsnacks.com/contact/ Alternatively, return the packs to the store where it was bought for a full refund. Proof of affected packs will be required and only packs described above will be reimbursed.