For people who don't get free prescriptions, they may be able to save on medication costs, such as via a Prescription Prepayment Certifications (PPC). Data from a recent Freedom of Information request by Money Saving Expert showed more than one million people in England missed out on average savings of £40 in the 12 months to April 2021, because they didn't get a PPC. This is despite the fact that some people may be eligible for discounted or even free medication through the NHS, primarily through methods such as Prescription Prepayment Certifications (PPC). Research carried out by Well Pharmacy found that 57 percent of people take an average of three items per regular prescription for various illnesses. High blood pressure, high cholesterol and depression were among the top conditions people pay medication costs for. Nearly half of all repeat prescriptions are ordered the traditional way, with NHS patients calling their GP and collecting medication from them or having it sent to their local pharmacy for them to pick-up. Some 61 percent of men are more likely to be on repeat prescriptions than women, who are at 53 percent. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Furthermore, men are more likely to pick up more medications than women, claiming an average of four prescriptions. Well Pharmacy’s research revealed that older generations were more likely to be on repeat prescriptions at 78 percent. In comparison, those between the ages of 45 and 54 at 63 percent and 48 percent of those aged 25 to 34. In England, the average prescription charge is £9.35 per item. Those living in Scotland and Wales do not need to pay for prescriptions as they are delivered for free. This means that the average man claiming prescriptions could be losing £37.40 for every round of prescriptions they have to take. However, payment methods such as the PPC are able to reduce the cost of peoples’ prescription charges by a great deal. A PPC lets people receive as many NHS prescriptions they need for a set price which is ideal for those on repeat prescriptions. Currently, a PPC costs £30.25 for a three month period or £108.10 for 12 months. The easiest way to purchase one is online. If someone was receiving four different types of prescriptions, they would save more than £340 a year on the full-year PPC or over £75 in the space of three months with the other option. PPCs are digital certificates which are delivered via email. Certain registered pharmacies are able to see PPCs online if an email address is provided. Someone’s PPC will start from the date of their initial purchase. However, it is possible to ask for a different start date. People can pay for their PPCs over phone or email by Direct Debit or card payment. Alternatively, they can pay in full at a pharmacy. It should be noted that it is not possible to pay for a 12-month PPC by the Direct Debit payment method. Ifti Khan, the Pharmacy Superintendent at Well Pharmacy, outlined what is at stake for patients and prescription holders in the face of rising costs. Mr Khan explained: “Managing long-term conditions can be difficult enough without the worry of calling the GP and getting to the pharmacy to collect the medication. “These medications are needed to keep people well, but the amount of pressure ordering them puts on GP surgeries is huge. “Not to mention the pressure it puts on the patient who will already be managing medication and health conditions.”