Nokia – the Finnish brand known for its durable mobile phones that once dominated the bestseller charts, long before Apple and Samsung – is back with a tough new smartphone with an astonishingly low price tag. Dubbed the Nokia C2 2nd Edition, this is a follow-up to the original Nokia C2 that launched back in 2020. Following in the footsteps of that handset, this Android device arrives with a 5.7-inch touchscreen display, a 5-megapixel rear camera, and two years of guaranteed security updates. But what really sets this handset apart from other Android devices in its price range is its durability. From the ground up, Nokia has designed this phone to survive the knocks and bumps that would usually shatter a smartphone. Nokia has designed a new inner chassis to strengthen the handset and relies on a new tougher metal to keep everything rigid – no matter how many times you accidentally sit down with the Nokia C2 2nd Edition in your back pocket. Nokia says that it has "rigorously tested" its new handset to "ensure high durability standards". Of course, we'll need to take a look at the Nokia C2 2nd Edition ourselves to see whether it can walk the walk. But Nokia has a good pedigree when it comes to making durable phones, its Nokia 3310 (the one with Snake preinstalled) was renown for surviving huge drops, impromptu baths, and worse. The C2 2nd Edition was announced during Nokia's press conference at Mobile World Congress, the largest smartphone tradeshow in Europe, which takes place in Barcelona this week. An exact release date for the Nokia C2 2nd Edition wasn't confirmed, but HMD Global – the company that owns and operates the Nokia brand – has said UK shoppers will be able to pick-up the new phone from May. It will be available in a choice of either Dark Blue or Warm Grey, with the entry-level model (with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of built-in storage –although this can be boosted up to 256GB with the microSD card slot) setting you back £74.99. An upgraded model with 3GB of RAM will also be available in the coming weeks, Nokia confirmed to Express.co.uk. Alongside the Nokia C2 2nd Edition, HMD Global also revealed the Nokia C21 Plus. This is the flagship device in the affordable C-series, building on the durability of the Nokia C2 2nd Edition, but adding in new flashier features for those willing to pay a little extra at checkout. It boasts a larger 6.5-inch High Definition touchscreen display and a dual-camera on the back. This twin 13-megapixel set-up allows the Nokia C21 Plus to take Portrait Mode photos, with the background behind your subject blurred by software to give the impression that the photo was taken with a DSLR camera. There's also a Panorama mode. Like the rest of the lineup from Nokia, the C21 Plus lands with a clean version of Android – no custom animations, redesigns, or preinstalled software that you'll never use. And you'll also enjoy the same guarantee of two years of security updates. Thanks to a 4,000mAh cell, Nokia says the C21 Plus can deliver up to two days of battery life, so you won't need to pack your charger when you head away for the weekend, something that hasn't been the case since the arrival of smartphones in the mid-00s. It uses a similarly reinforced chassis to ensure durability too. Nokia says the C21 Plus will be available in the UK from late April. It will ship in either Dark Cyan, or Warm Grey with prices starting at £99.99 for the configuration with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of built-in storage. If you need more space for your photos, videos and apps, you can use the microSD card slot to expand that storage too. A pricier model with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage will also be available. Nokia C21 was also announced during the MWC press conference, which sports the same durable design, two-day battery life, and 6.5-inch HD display. However, it lacks the dual-camera on the back of the handset, preventing it from taking Portrait Mode shots. Speaking about the new devices, Florian Seiche, Chief Executive Officer at HMD Global, said: "2021 was a transformational year, resulting in solid revenue growth across the business and today, we are celebrating a profitable new chapter for HMD Global with the release of three new affordable Nokia devices which are not only safe, reliable and durable, but ensure as many people as possible can access the latest innovative technology for less. "I am excited to announce that our services portfolio includes a secure device financing solution for smartphones and other devices. At HMD, we are bringing together these two ingredients, a high-quality smartphone experience and a financing solution which builds upon our mission to make modern mobile technology accessible to everyone. Combined with the success of our enterprise services offering scaling to one million subscriptions in the first half of the year and delivering the exceptional level of services clients expect from us, we are delivering an accessible and seamlessly connected experience for people and enterprises worldwide."