The £150 council tax rebate expected in April could provide a much needed relief for families suffering under the cost of living crisis. However, many could find themselves gaining far more than that by utilising all of the council tax discounts and rebates they are entitled to.   Age UK shared some tips for Britons who may be looking to slice their council tax bill in light of tax increases due in April. Individual councils have been provided the power to decide how much their council tax will be increased by. Council tax depends on both one’s local council deciding the figure but also the band their home is placed in. Council Tax bands range from A to H, lowest to highest tax bill respectively. READ MORE: Sunak’s stupid and cruel 55% pensions tax must be axed before it does even MORE damage  However, while many taxes in the UK are calculated on an individual basis, council tax is one of the few that is based on two adults living in a household. With this in mind, the most obvious discount Britons could be eligible for is if they are a single British adult living on their own. People who do live on their own can apply to their local council for a discount of up to 25 percent regardless of their tax band or financial circumstances. Additionally, even if Britons live with other people they may find these people are classed as ‘disregarded’ meaning they can’t be counted toward council tax.     People that fall into any of the below categories are disregarded for council tax:  Aside from living with disregarded people, a change in one’s home value can also impact their council tax bill. Specifically, if a home has decreased in value due to having home adaptations or if a motorway is built nearby. Britons can contact their local Valuation Office Agency if they believe their council tax band should be changed. Britons are cautioned that challenging their own council tax band could see other homes in their area also getting their band changed for better or worse.  Many Britons have started this process when Rishi Sunak announced the council tax rebate for households in bands A to D as they would miss out on the rebate due to being overbanded. Those who fear they will be unable to pay their tax bill may also be able to claim council tax support or a council tax reduction if they are on a low income or claiming certain benefits. Certain Britons could be exempt from council tax as well based on their living accommodation. This includes the following