Viewers of Saturday Kitchen learnt last minute that regular host Matt Tebbutt was being replaced by Chef Anna Haugh for Saturday's instalment of the BBC cooking show. Some viewers were left wondering what was going on with guest hosts stepping in a few times over the last few months with Matt missing shows previously for medical reasons. Chef Anna was joined by singer James Morrison, Marcus Wareing, Mary McCartney and drinks specialist Helen McGinn. The show's official channels shared the subbing in of a host on Friday, and spectators who were not avid social media users didn't find out until the show started. Fans of the show were split with the last-minute host shakeup, with many deciding to jump ship to other Saturday shows. @xDiamond_Girlx tweeted: "#SaturdayKitchen turning over. Can't watch any longer. Read More: ‘Why don’t we just cancel fun!’ Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash  "Slowly reading the autocue like a teacher talking to 5-year-olds is like nails down a blackboard. I'm off." (sic) Anna is a Michelin star winning head chef who has worked with Gordon Ramsey, Philip Howard and Shane Osborn. She sadly didn't win over @WinBunny, who commented: "Who is this person presenting this morning? Please find someone articulate and competent! She might be a good cook but can't present at all." @helenelehhh felt that the whole show and its crew had dropped in energy: "Has Matt taken the laughing crew with him on holiday? #SaturdayKitchen."  However, several viewers did jump to the Irish chef's defence to say that it is a tough gig and that she is doing well. @CaptainHippo added: "@SaturdayKitchen loving @Anahaugh as presenter. #SaturdayKitchen." Robert Ryan was delighted to find Anna on his television: "Anna is one of my TV Chef favourites so pleased about this. (Matt away skiing) #SaturdayKitchen." @women_food_wifi was also glad to see the host changeup: "Doing a great job of hosting and cooking on @SaturdayKitchen. DON’T MISS… Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville Parker's future on BBC series [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise season 11 episode 8 cast: Who is in the finale?[LATEST] "#SaturdayKitchen is the wonderful @Anahaugh of @myrtlerest - perfect #SaturdayMotivation" Matt was away in the French alps for those who didn't use social media and missed his holiday update. The skiing host shared several images with his 66,800 Instagram followers to say that he was having a great time in La Grande Motte, Tignes. He captioned the snowy pictures: "Post-long lunch euphoria until we realised that all the lifts were shut and we had to be escorted off the mountain by the ski police..  "Crossing paths with the #pistebasher as we went.. Very lucky to only be suffering #middleclassproblems when scary times happening on the other side of Europe. #skipolice #mountainman #grandemotte #familytime." (sic) Thousands of fans liked the post, commenting on how much fun it looked. Regular viewers will be pleased to hear that Matt will be back next week. Saturday Kitchen airs on Saturdays at 10 am on BBC One.