Ciaya Jordan Whetstone, 21, was dropped off at a hospital in New Orleans at 7am on Saturday, but was pronounced dead an hour later. The youngster had reportedly been at a parade ahead of the city's Mardi Gras Carnival with a friend. A business administration junior at the University of New Orleans, Ciaya later met other friends at a bar before being driven to her boyfriend's home in Harahan, a suburb of the Louisiana city. During the night, she called an Uber to take her home to check on her dog, Zoe. Ciaya' roommate, Reese White, said she entered the flat with her Uber driver then told her she was going to find her car. Reese told WWLTV: "She said, 'This is my friend, Reese. I just met him'. I said, 'You need to stop getting in the car with strangers', but she said he was her Uber driver."  She added that Ciaya appeared to be drunk, that she tried to persuade her to stay at home, but the student insisted the Uber driver was her friend and she needed to find her car. Robert Torres, another friend of Ciaya's friends, said when he called her at about 1.30am on Saturday, he overheard the driver ask her, "Do you like to party?" She reportedly told Mr Torres that she would call him back, but never did. It remains unclear who dropped Ciaya off at the hospital, however, police say she arrived in a "private conveyance" which is reportedly a term used in cases where an ambulance is not involved.   READ MORE ABOUT IAN BRADY'S 'SICK FINAL TWIST' OVER THE MOORS MURDERS An Uber spokesperson said the company has temporarily disabled the driver's access pending the outcome of an investigation. In a statement to MailOnline, they said: "Our thoughts are with Ciaya Whetstone’s family as they grieve the loss of their daughter. "We stand ready to assist law enforcement with their investigation." Ciaya's stepfather, Chris Ferrand, said that the family is "still in such a shock", adding: "We’ve got a tough few days ahead of us." University officials said that Ciaya was due to graduate next year.   DON'T MISS: Kate arrives fashionably late to Denmark after ditching private jet [REPORT] Ukraine: Biden unleashes full power of US Army [LATEST] PM unleashes 'first barrage' of sanctions as Ukraine crisis deepens [REVEALED] According to WVUE, school president John Nicklow said in a statement: "As a University, few things are more challenging than dealing with the sadness of the death of a student. Our thoughts are with Ciaya’s family and friends. "We are offering counselling services to students and employees who need support."  Emily Carter, Ciaya's cousin, told WIS-TV she was like a bright light in a dark place. She said: "She was always happy. She never met a stranger. "That girl was so brave. If there was something that she wanted, she would go get it. I mean, she moved by herself from Little Swamp to New Orleans.  "It makes me feel happy to know how loved she was and it makes me happy to know that she impacted people so greatly." Close friend, Julia Brooker, described Ciaya as the most uplifting, loving and hopeful person she had ever met. 