Jac (played by Rosie Marcel) has been battling with her demons in recent weeks on Holby City as she has a brain tumour that needs to be treated effectively for her to live. Unfortunately, all avenues of treatment have so far failed and as the BBC medical drama draws to an end, it seems one of the television show's most beloved characters could be making a heartbreaking exit after almost two decades at the helm of the hospital. However, the wards are put under lockdown in Tuesday night's episode as a tragedy begins to unfold following an attack on Nicky McKendrick (Belinda Owusu), Jac's imminent demise could happen sooner rather than later. The drama begins as Nicky is stuck with a dilemma over whether to give up her baby daughter, Juliet, for adoption. Juliet is the daughter of killer and villain, Cameron Dunn (Nic Jackman), whose crimes still haunt the mother of his child even though he is dead. Unfortunately, she has been dealing with the brunt of people's anger over Cameron since his demise as many think she should have known what he was up to. One of his victim's relatives soon wants revenge and when Nicky opens a letter they've sent her, she is horrified to discover it is possibly laced with anthrax. This is a bacteria, which when it begins to multiply inside the body following the entry of spores into the system, can act as a poison that produces toxins and leads to severe illness. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? On realising the danger the hospital is in and within close vicinity of Nicky, Jac raises the alarm and urges her colleague to stay where she is. The decision is taken to put the hospital into lockdown so, if there is anthrax present, it can be contained rather than spread. Nicky doesn't cope well with the situation as her anxiety begins to increase but her vulnerability leads her to open up to Jac about Juliet. As both of them are locked inside one of the wards, the iconic character listens as her colleague talks about her struggles. Waiting to hear whether the letter is poisonous, Jac offers her co-worker some comfort and they finally have a chance to make peace after weeks of butting heads. A mother herself, Jac pleads with Nicky not to give up on her daughter and they can have a better life without Cameron's ghost haunting them. Listening to her colleague's advice, Nicky turns the tables as she makes Jac realise they are quite similar in some respects. Just as Cameron's former lover seems to be giving up on Juliet, Jac is told she has to fight for her future as well. However, Jac reminds her colleague she has fewer options than Nicky in terms of a future-looking bright and positive. Viewers will have to wait and see if the pair end up having anthrax poisoning but they do, there is a chance this could be the end for Jac. DON'T MISS...Laila Rouass on 'getting rid of stagnant energy' after Ronnie split [COMMENT]Amanda Mealing shares 'exhausting' update after returning to Casualty [COMMENT]Lorraine Kelly slams BBC for axing show as she's stunned by decision [COMMENT] As she is vulnerable because of her tumour, she could be more susceptible to the toxins infiltrating her body and she would have a real fight on her hands. Even if the medical team do manage to help her, the spores of bacteria could have multiplied significantly in the body. It could be this is Jac's final episode as she is unable to deal with the impact the anthrax would have had on her. This would make the last few instalments leading up to the finale of the programme very solemn as her friends come to terms with her death. Many old faces could return as the characters pay their final respects at Jac's funeral, having been a colleague of hers at some point over the past 16 years. The actress who plays Jac, Rosie, has spoken out on her exit from the show after filming her final scenes last year. At the time of her departure, the soap star took to Instagram to post a picture of herself dressed as her character. In view of her 80,300 followers, she wrote: "Last day. I have loved playing Jac Naylor. "I have loved being here for 16 years. Thank you everyone @bbcholbycity and thank you all the beautiful fans and friends of the show." However, there was no indication given on which of the last episodes of the drama would feature her final scenes. In line with the current televisions schedules, the final episode of the medical drama is set to air on March 28, 2021. It will pay homage to the programme's 23-year stint on air after it was announced last year the show would be ending. However, fellow medically-themed drama Doctors is being given a new time slot on the weekday evening television schedule. As well as airing on BBC One during the day, it will also be broadcast in the evenings on BBC Two from Monday to Thursday. Holby City continues Monday at 8:30pm on BBC One due to schedule changes.