Trish Daswaney entered the Den in 2018 seeking £60,000 for a 20 percent equity stake in her business. She is the founder and director of Kohl Kreatives, a social enterprise that believes in empowering people through the power of makeup. They make a range of makeup brushes that are easy to use and made of recycled plastic. The products are targeted at people with motor disabilities, and the brand also holds workshops for the transgender community to help them become confident with applying makeup. As Trish was bullied for her appearance growing up, she could sympathise with others who are struggling. Her mother taught her how to use makeup and made her the type of person she is today. She wanted to be able to give that back to others. Peter Jones thought it was very “admirable”. READ MORE: Pension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' Trish has sold her products on Boots.com. They have taken around 1,500 units. QVC Germany has taken 2,000 units. She also had an order coming with Birchbox and she will sell the brushes for 60-80 pence each. It costs Trisha 20p to make one brush. In the next year, she hoped to turn over £150,000 to £200,000, however the company did not have any money at that point. The investment from the Dragons’ was needed to push through the round of production that she was expecting over the summer. DON'T MISSPension warning as Britons risk running out of money [INSIGHT]Pensioners could get extra £358 per month - are you eligible? [EXPLAINED]State pension payments confirmed to rise this year [UPDATE] The gross profit was expected to be £100,000 and the business would make around £65,000. Deborah Meaden was interested about the target market for the brushes. She wanted to know how big the market was for those with motor disabilities. Trish explained that 45 percent of beauty consumers feel as if they have some sort of difficulty grabbing objects. “I am absolutely flabbergasted by that,” Deborah said. However when asked about the size of beauty market in the UK, Trish was getting the numbers wrong. She was unsure of how big the population was in the UK and the Deborah had to correct her. Deborah said: “Rather than me carrying on, and you throwing out numbers that don’t make sense, you don’t really know the UK market size do you?” Deborah said she could not invest. Touker Suleyman thought Trish was a smooth-talking salesperson that did not know the numbers. He could not invest as he thought they would “have a problem”. Tej Lalvani thought she had “a lot to figure out” so he also could not invest. Sara Davies thought that Trish was a great sales person. She said: “You’re clearly very tenacious and a great sales person, it’s fantastic. “But you have got me in a ‘tiz’. I don’t know if I’m in York or Cork. “I would be terrified to be in business with you. I think I would just be winging it and hoping for the best which is such a shame because I would have loved to get behind you. “But from what I’ve seen, I can’t do it so I’m out.” Trisha explained to the Dragons’ that she has another job aside from the business so she does not need to pay herself salary from it. She runs a digital marketing consultancy. If Trish got the investment needed, she would not leave her job. However Peter said he felt “slightly uncomfortable and nervous” to be investing into someone who is working an eight hour day elsewhere. As it was a “big worry” for him, he did not invest.