NBC’s action-packed crime series, The Blacklist will continue its mysterious adventures led by Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) on the platform. However, the series will undergo a major scheduling shake-up as it will officially return to its Friday evening slot.  News of the relocation was confirmed by the show after they posted it on their official Instagram page, with a teaser trailer. As well as sharing the new Friday slot, the trailer included a number of clips from the upcoming episode of The Blacklist. Fans were also glad to see the thrilling series had returned to their original time slot and shared their excitement in the comments. Emcee_levi_tinker wrote: “Glad it’s moving back to Fridays, where it belongs.” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? While Alo1968 added: “Glad it was moved back to Fridays. My DVR gets a workout on Thursday nights.” Friday time slots had previously been labelled ‘death slots’ as networks would see a huge drop in viewership. However, times have changed and Fridays have become highly sought after, this is evident in the success of crime shows on CBS. The CW has also utilised the timeslot as an opportunity to extend a show’s running times and allow them to keep going a little longer. Despite this, viewership wasn’t a major concern for The Blacklist, as the show had previously succeeded in the time slot. According to Fansided, the series led by James Spader had moved between Thursdays and Fridays due to Law and Order. When the TV schedule for the end of 2021 was released, Thursday was originally going to be saved for the Law and Order franchise. This would've followed the steps of One Chicago Wednesday's and Law & Order OC and SVU which aired one after the other. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]The Blacklist’s Amir Arison opens up on heartbreaking moment [INSIGHT] The Blacklist's James Spader set for TV tell-all interview [INSIGHT] However, the anticipated spin-off Law and Order: For The Defence was unexpectedly cancelled. Instead of leaving the slots empty, The Blacklist was moved from the Friday to the Thursday slot. With the recent announcement of the original Law and Order being renewed for its 21st season, NBC wanted Thursdays back to give the franchise a day of back to back episodes. If the Blacklist is moved back, this could work in their favour as the show’s ratings were better on Fridays during season eight. As Friday isn't the busiest day for television, The Blacklist won’t have a lot of competition as a majority of networks keep the biggest shows for Saturdays. Thankfully, the series will be making its highly anticipated return to screens this week after a mid-season break due to the 2022 Winter Olympics. It’s also yet to be seen how many episodes season nine will contain, however it could emulate its previous instalment which has 22 episodes. Fans are also eagerly awaiting an announcement about the show's renewal for season 10 as many are convinced The Blacklist could come to an end soon. The Blacklist returns to NBC on Friday, February 25 in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 