Liz Hurley, 56, tore the ligaments in her left ankle while she was filming in the Caribbean at Christmas time last year. The model has taken to Instagram to share a health update after becoming a "slug" due to the painful injury. Liz has shared a health update from a medical health resort in Austria. She posted a series of two pictures from the picturesque location, along with a lengthy message about her injury. The model penned in view of her 2.3 million followers: "I tore the ligaments in my left ankle whilst filming in the Caribbean in November. "Lying on the sofa for two months, followed by a month of limping around in an air boot, meant that I basically became a slug. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid "I don’t weigh myself but my jeans were objecting violently to being done up so something had to be done. "Still not really able to put much pressure on my foot, meaning not much exercise, and a new movie looming, I decided to return to @vivamayrmariawoerth - a wellness spa in Austria. "I’m here now and shall report back!" Many social media users took to the comments to share their thoughts on Liz's health issues over recent months and offer support. Thejonnymack said: "Hoping that you get some much needed rest and relaxation. "Best of luck on the new projects." Mikeelmimage added: "You look amazing; enjoy your stay! Can't wait to see the result." Wintersallan74 commented: "Get well soon and take it easy with the ankle. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [INSIGHT] Amanda Holden dazzles at star-studded 51st birthday bash [INSTAGRAM] 'My boys' Penny Lancaster reacts to snap of Rod Stewart and son Ali [LATEST] "Looks beautiful where you are xx." Liz was spotted out and about with her son Damian last week as she attended Joan Collins 88th birthday bash. She looked sensational in a plunging red gown, showing off her assets and enviable waist. The dress featured sequin detailing on its halterneck, with cut out sides, showing off her tiny figure. Liz styled the outfit with a sparkling clutch bag, a diamond band bracelet and silver dangle earrings. Meanwhile, her son Damian looked dapper in a black dinner jacket, matching trousers and a white shirt and dickie bow. The model wore his long tresses back in a sleek low ponytail. Damian is from Elizabeth's brief relationship with American businessman Steve Bing.