Tottenham are better off without Antonio Conte following his "childish" and "unprofessional" interview on Wednesday, according to former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Even for his standards, Conte was surprisingly open and revealing about his future at Spurs following the 1-0 loss at Burnley on Wednesday. Tottenham have now lost four of their last five Premier League matches. In his various post-match media duties, Conte adopted the same approach. The Italian claimed an assessment needs to be made over his position and he conceded he may not be good enough to turn things around at Spurs. Conte said the Tottenham fans deserve better but Jordan thinks that should start with the manager. JUST IN: Emile Smith Rowe absence explained as Arsenal star left out against Wolves  Jordan said on talkSPORT: “I think you have to look at the language. Saying ‘fans deserve better’, they do deserve better, starting with you! “You should be embarrassed about being beaten by Burnley and should be embarrassed about the run of form you are on because you are responsible for it. “People go into football clubs to change the direction of it. Bruno Lage has gone into Wolves with far less of a squad than Tottenham have and is producing a team people are regarding to a certain level. “I thought it was an appallingly childish interview." DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo made David De Gea look rather awkward in Man Utd and Atletico draw [REACTION]Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]Cristiano Ronaldo's reaction to Anthony Elanga's Man Utd goal is brilliant to watch [PICTURES]  He later added: “It was a scandalously poor interview. I think it is an outrageously unprofessional interview." Jordan also wonders whether Conte has his eye on the Manchester United job and is looking for a way out of Spurs. Conte was linked with the Old Trafford vacancy before the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and the Red Devils are still on the lookout for a permanent boss. “I wonder if there’s other factors in the equation," Jordan said.  "I wonder if the project at Man United, as much as I’m an advocate of Ralf Rangnick, is not working well and whether there is influence suggesting maybe Man United should have got him first time around and will get him this time." Jordan does not think Conte necessarily wants to be sacked but says it would be wrong to blame chairman Daniel Levy for the club's recent results. “I don’t think he’s asking to be sacked,” Jordan continued. “I think he’s just had a temperamental outburst. I think, like a lot of managers do, and I’ve had a lot of emotional managers but not to this level.  “He’s gone out and laid it all out there. We know it’s going to spin on Daniel Levy. Losing to Burnley, with the squad you have, is nothing to do with Daniel Levy. “Not being able to compete at the top of the league and Spurs trying to be a super power in football is to do with Daniel Levy and his ability to provide funds."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here