Fancy a year of free access to Disney+? Well, there's good news as Samsung is currently offering just that. The Korean technology firm has launched a deal that includes full access to this popular streaming service for an entire 12 months without paying a penny for a privilege. The bargain is available to customers who buy a new Galaxy S22 smartphone or the latest Tab S8 tablet. Samsung originally confirmed that its Galaxy S22 free Disney+ promotion would end later this week but it's now been extended until April. Hooray! This is a pretty good deal as Disney+ now features a swathe of movies and exclusive TV shows including all of the Marvel, Star Wars and Pixar films as well as boxsets such as 24 and the new Pam & Tommy series. Fans usually pay £7.99 to beam Disney+ into their living rooms but it will be completely free if you buy a device from Samsung. Along with that offer, there's more good news as those who pre-order will also be treated to a pair of Galaxy Buds Pro (worth £219) as well. YOU CAN SEE THE S22 DEALS HERE If you weren't already aware, Samsung announced the launch of the S22 range earlier this month with these phones arriving packed with upgrades including a faster 4nm processor, improved cameras and longer battery life. There are three flavours to choose from including a standard S22 with a 6.1-inch, larger 6.6-inch S22+ and ultimate 6.8-inch S22 Ultra. The Ultra is the most exciting of the bunch with this phone featuring a new and improved S Pen stylus. This digital pencil allows users to scribble on the screen without using their finger and its lower latecny now makes it feel far more like writing with a real pen on physical paper. The Ultra also features a massive 5,000mAh battery and a quad-rear camera with 100X zoom. It can also shoot better images at night and some clever AI should make sure every photo looks like it's been snapped by a pro. Other features worth noting include faster charging, a refreshed design and up to 1TB of internal storage. The Galaxy S22 starts from £769 with the Ultra costing £1,149. They are all available to pre-order today with that offer of free Disney+ and Galaxy Buds Pro - they arrive in stores later this month. Want to know more about the S22 Ultra? You can read our full first impressions review here.