Lewis Hamilton may hold bags of experience compared to George Russell, but the seven-time world champion has admitted that he is still a student of the sport and is constantly trying to learn more and puts the work in behind the scenes. Hamilton will be joined by a new team-mate in Russell for this season. The young British driver is being tipped as a future world champion given his impressive displays at Williams. But Russell will first have to do what Valtteri Bottas failed to in beating Hamilton in the same car. At 37 years of age, Hamilton is still regarded by many as the best driver on the grid and he'll have a new goal in beating Russell this season. In his 15 years as an F1 driver, Hamilton has only been beaten by his team-mate on two occasions. JUST IN: Christian Horner given food for thought over Max Verstappen partner  And it's clear that a large part of Hamilton's succes is down to the work he puts in behind the scenes. Speaking on CrowdStrike's YouTube channel, Hamilton admitted that he's one of the last to leave the track on race weekends to try and give himself as much information as possible. Hamilton's excellent driving ability will be the biggest factor in what has helped him win seven world championships. But Russell will not learn firsthand just how much extra work Hamilton puts in to find that added edge. DON'T MISS  "Our industry is based on data, everything we do," he said. "Of course we have individual ability but there is so much data to churn though that can really help elevate us. "I'm generally there every weekend. That's been a way I've been able to raise the bar. "I'm there until 9-10 every day. I'm one of the last to leave and I also stay at the track now most of the time. "Obviously when we go to the international races, that's not the case. But I stay there, I eat at the track with the team. "It gives me the extra time... there will sometimes be things on the mind and if you're away from the track it's harder to engage with somebody. "I just try to make sure we used every moment to cover the data and have no stone left unturned so that the next day you can arrive a little more relaxed rather than having to catch up."