Endeavour star Roger Allam transforms into Investigating Judge Antoine Verlaque as he and his romantic interest, Marine Bonnet (played by Nancy Carroll) investigate the criminal underbelly of their hometown in the South of France. In the first-look clip, Antoine and Marine have their plans to relax scuppered when the judge’s colleague Hélène (Keala Settle) calls to say she’s made progress on their latest murder case. Driving through the idyllic South of France, Antoine and Marine are looking forward to spending time together. Antoine begins: “So when we get there…” with Marine replying: “I’ll sit in the cafe and read.” Her partner explains he will come and meet her once she’s ordered their drinks: “Perfect!” However, their plans are scuppered when they receive a call from Hélène. READ MORE: Blue Bloods Abigail Baker star sparks concern as she announces break “Hi Hélène, he’s driving,” Marine explains before the police officer shares an update on the murder case. She states: “Tell him we just found Audrey’s phone under a wheelie bin. The last call she made was to a burner phone, moments before she died.” “Any more info on who was driving the van?” Antoine asks but Hélène confirms there is nothing more to added. Antoine ends the call: “Keep digging at your end and I’ll get back as soon as I can.“ Sadly for Antoine and Marine it looks as though their romantic plans are going to have to be put on hold. Murder in Provence is based on the books by M.L. Longworth which follow Antoine as he investigates murders, mysteries and dark underbelly of their idyllic home. Joining the cast alongside Roger is Nancy as Marine, who is known for roles in The Crown and Father Brown. Keala rounds out the trio of investigators as Hélène and is best known for her role in The Greatest Showman. DON'T MISS...‘Not going there!' Lesley Manville avoids Prince Andrew question [EXCLUSIVE]BBC accused of 'overreacting to competition and criticism' [LATEST]BBC slammed for making ‘woke cuts’ on classic shows [INSIGHT] Murder in Provence is just one of many dramas coming to Britbox in the coming weeks and months. Also launching is Secrets of the Spies, a three-part original factual commission. It delves deep into a world of secrets and lies; from James Bond to Ian Fleming, Kim Philby to Sergei Skripal. The world of espionage is one of blurred lines where fact is often stranger than fiction; a world of murder, betrayal, romance and duty. The series will cover everything from Cold War defections and covert assassinations to sophisticated cyber attacks. Also coming to Britbox is Agatha Christie’s Why Didn’t They Ask Evans? which has been adapted by Hugh Laurie. Based on her 1934 novel, Why Didn’t They Ask Evans? opens as a man lies dying at the foot of a cliff, apparently the victim of an accidental fall; with his final breath, he utters the mysterious question of the title and promptly expires. Some people - perhaps most people - might shrug at the impenetrable oddness of the words and move on with their lives. But Bobby Jones and his childhood friend, Lady Frances “Frankie” Derwent, are not most people. They resolve to honour the dead man by deciphering, and then answering, his final question. In so doing, they hit upon a dark conspiracy of deceit, betrayal and - perhaps unsurprisingly - murder. Murder in Provence is available to stream on Britbox from March 1.