The President of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko has been supporting President Putin’s assault on Ukraine and has been giving Russia Belarusian territory in order for the Kremlin to stage attacks. The Belarusian President called for a referendum to secure his leadership and power until 2035 after having already been in power for 27 years.  The Belarusian leader spoke at a polling station on Sunday and warned that he could get Russia to return nuclear weapons to Belarus. He said: “If you (the West) transfer nuclear weapons to Poland or Lithuania, to our borders, then I will turn to Putin to return the nuclear weapons that I gave away without any conditions.” The result of the referendum that revoked Belarus’ non-nuclear status, came at the same time that President Putin declared that his nuclear forces were on high alert due to so-called “aggressive statements” from the West. In a video, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned Belarusians for permitting their country to be used as a platform for Russia’s games.  President Zelenskyy said: “You aren’t on the same side with us in the war that is going on now. The Russian military is launching missiles at Ukraine from your territory. “From your territory they are killing our children, they are destroying our homes and trying to blow up everything that has been built for decades.” Representatives of the Ukrainian leader announced that they will be engaging in negotiations on the Ukraine-Belarusian border at an unspecified time. Mr Zelenskyy asked how Belarusians could “look into the eyes of your children, into the eyes of each other” after siding so heavily with Russia. READ MORE:Russian nuclear deterrence on 'high alert' as Putin blasts NATO He added: “We are your neighbours. Be Belarus, not Russia!” President Lukashenko said: “We have developed plans to protect Belarus and agreed with Putin to deploy such weapons here that will make Poles and Lithuanians lose any desire to go to war.” The West have declared that they will not recognise the results of the referendum which occurred in the midst of a crackdown on domestic opponents of the government. As of Sunday, it is said that there are more than 1,000 political prisoners in Belarus, according to human rights activists. DON'T MISS:James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis (REACTION)Brexit Britain bumper lithium stocks key to clean unlimited energy (ANALYSIS)RuPaul net worth: Drag queen’s huge six-figure fortune unveiled (INSIGHT)  Stanislav Sushkevich, Belarus’ first post-Soviet leader spoke to The Associated Press and said: “This pseudo referendum is being held under the Russian gun barrels and under effective control of the Russian military which has come to stay in Belarus for a long time. “Lukashenko is depriving Belarus of its future and turning the country into a staging ground for Putin’s mad games.” 