When potential buyers are house-hunting, they need to bear in mind the property might not be as good as it first seems. There are a lot of common mistakes Britons can avoid when buying their home by looking beyond the decor. A property expert has noted what to look out for and what mistakes to avoid when buying a home. Karl Tulloch from Rightio explained how potential buyers need to look beyond the interior decor. He said: “Very easily, we might think about interior design before considering the fundamentals of our new property. “While you’re swept up in the romance of your new home, failing to check on the maintenance of the place can leave you with some costly and lengthy repair processes in the future. “If you’ve already invested in a new property, it’s worth double checking your home to make sure that everything is up to scratch.” He has shared some of the most important things to check for in a potential new home so buyers can make a purchase with confidence. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home Looking at a house, most are commonly concerned with the floor-plan as the wrong layout can be a dealbreaker and making sure that a home has enough space is very important. What is easy to forget about, however, is what lies above Britons’ heads. Despite this, it’s worth making the extra effort to have a look at the roof. Karl said: “In the long run, it’s a lot cheaper to ensure that your roof is properly maintained instead of neglecting it. “Forgetting about your roof will mean that the whole thing needs to be replaced, a process that costs between £5,000 and £7,000 in the UK. “That’s not to mention the discomfort that a poorly maintained roof can cause for you.” DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [COMMENT]Houseplants: The ‘key’ to keeping ‘nuisance’ houseplant pests at bay [EXPERT] Ceiling stains are a sign that it’s time to take action. Roof maintenance is vital to the integrity of the whole home, but harsh weather can take its toll. It can be easy to forget about your roof since many probably spend a lot more time inside their home than checking over the exterior. Before making your purchase, ask to see the attic to investigate for any problems. Central heating is incredibly important for every home, so it’s important to make sure that your new property is set to accommodate for that. Karl said: “Making sure that you have the right insulation is key. “You should make sure that the roof and walls have been correctly insulated before making the big purchase. “The best way to do this is to tour the space and see if you can feel any draughts anywhere. If you’re checking the loft, you could even measure the thickness of the insulation that has been used.” Heating system needs stable foundations and checking insulation won’t help much if there is a problem with the heart of the heating – the boiler. When buying a new home, make sure that the boiler has a boiler service certificate to show that the heating system is working at maximum efficiency. For those looking to buy, then it’s vital to know what signs of damp to look out for when viewing a property. Karl said: “When you’re looking at a house, the most obvious sign of damp and mould is discoloured patches on the walls and ceiling – be careful, though, since these might be hidden in hard-to-spot places behind mirrors or furniture. “Pay particular attention towards windows, too, since frames covered with peeling paint will reveal present damp.” Poor ventilation causes damp air to linger in the home and the longer this air is there, the more susceptible to damp the home will be. Any blocked pipes or guttering will create a place for mould to thrive in the home that will only spread throughout walls, so make sure everything is cleared.