After months of growing tensions, Russia has invaded it’s ex-Soviet neighbour Ukraine, triggering condemnation from around the international community. Earlier this week the UK had imposed its first batch of sanctions against Moscow, following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to recognise two regions in eastern Ukraine as independent states. On Thursday morning, Mr Putin appeared in a TV address where he said Russia did not plan to occupy Ukraine and demanded that its military lay down their arms. Shortly after the broadcast, reports started to emerge of attacks by Russia on Ukrainian military targets. Russian forces crossed the border into Ukraine from a number of places, including the north, south and east, from Belarus. According to a Ukrainian presidential adviser, more than 40 soldiers had died, while dozens more have been wounded.  READ MORE: Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks Ukraine said it had killed 50 Russian troops and shot down six Russian aircraft, but this has not been verified. The Kremlin had already been hit with sanctions from the US, UK, EU and Japan, after Mr Putin said he would recognise Donetsk and Luhansk as independent states from Ukraine. On Thursday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced a new raft of sanctions against Russia. These are as follows: All major Russian banks will have their assets frozen and will be excluded from the UK financial system.  The PM has promised legislation next week to stop large Russian companies raising finance or debt on UK markets. There will be limits on the amount Russians can deposit in UK banks, with asset freezes extended to around 100 more people. The Russian owned airline Aeroflot will be banned from the UK. The PM has said there is potential to cut Russia out from the Swift international payment system and "nothing is off the table". Mr Johnson has also said there will be "stringent export controls" for technology sold to Russia, with similar measures being imposed on Belarus. In addition, the UK will bring forward parts of the Economic Crime Bill before the Easter recess.  DON'T MISS: China cosies up to Putin in defiant warning to West [INSIGHT]Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [POLL]Putin threat: UK on red alert for 'attack' from Russia [NEWS] These will all be in addition to the measures that the PM had revealed earlier this week. Included within this are: Five Russian banks: Bank Rossiya, the Black Sea Bank, IS Bank, Genbank and Promsvyazbank have all had their UK assets frozen. The banks are all accused of helping to fund the Russian occupation in Ukraine. Meanwhile, three billionaires have also had their assets in the British Isles frozen and are barred from travelling to the UK.  The three men in question are Gennady Timchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg, and have been deemed as close associates to the Kremlin. Elsewhere, the Government has also said it will sanction those members of the Russian Duma (parliament) and Federation Council who voted to recognise the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk in "flagrant violation of Ukraine’s territorial sovereignty". These measures will be similar to those already imposed on the three billionaires, but could take weeks to enforce as new legislation will be required.