Houseplants have been growing in popularity in recent years, but it is important that their needs are met in order for them to thrive and produce beautiful blooms. One of their needs includes watering, which can seem like a tricky task. As plant growth slows down in winter, it is best to reduce their water consumption until spring. Kate Lindley, Product Manager at Baby Bio, Britain’s iconic houseplant feed and care products brand, exclusively told Express.co.uk how it is “key” to always “test the soil” when watering plants in winter. This helps plant owners to avoid either overwatering or underwatering their houseplant. Kate said: “When it comes to watering plants in winter, the key is to always test the soil first to prevent over or underwatering.” She also suggested the “pencil” trick for figuring out if it is time to water a houseplant. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home Kate said: “Instead of sticking to a rigid water regime of once or twice a week, instead insert your finger or a pencil into the top two inches of the soil If this is still moist, there is no need to water. “If the soil is dry beyond the top layer, aerate the soil to allow for an even distribution of water, again using your finger or something like a pencil.” Overwatering a plant of any kind can lead to it rotting. DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [COMMENT]Lawn care: The ‘mowing’ trick to avoid ‘choking’ your grass in winter [EXPERT] This is especially important to consider during the winter months, when houseplants need a lot less water than in the summer. Misting is also a great way to avoid overwatering a plant. How often a houseplant needs water will also depend on the size of the pot, the soil, light conditions, humidity and how warm the home is. Kate also advises houseplant owners to avoid using cold water when watering their plant. Instead they should opt for tepid room temperature water so houseplants don’t go into shock. She said: “Don’t use water from the cold tap, as it can become too cold during winter months and shock the root system. “Instead, use tepid water by allowing it to reach room temperature before watering your plants. “To ensure you’re not giving your houseplants too much water, try watering from the bottom if your pot has drainage holes.” Drainage holes in plant pots are great as they also help to avoid houseplants becoming waterlogged. This also could lead to indoor plants rotting and eventually dying. Kate also explained how all house plants vary. She said: “Remember that every houseplant is different. “Some plants, such as cacti and succulents, are especially sensitive to being overwatered, while species like ferns don’t like to become dry.”