Germany and central figures in the Brussels Commission, have been key proponents of the establishment of an EU Army over the years. Former President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker, for example, stated in 2015 that the European Union would not be “taken entirely seriously” until it had “a common army among the Europeans” that defended “the values of the EU.” Juncker’s successor, Ursula von der Leyen, has reinforced his views, arguing in her State of the Union address to the European Parliament last September that Europe needs “to step up to the next level” and provide a common military force.  Her words were echoed by then German Defence Minister Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, who said that the EU should become “a strategic player to be reckoned with". These advocates for an EU Army underpin their arguments with the belief that NATO makes Europe too dependent on the US, leaving them little room to direct their own defence policy. Yet, as former Secretary of State Madeline Albright affirmed to the European Parliament in 2010, “NATO is the relationship that keeps the United States in Europe.” And with the US in Europe, Europe is significantly stronger.  The US defence budget, for instance, is bigger than the next 11 biggest defence budgets in the world combined, including Russia and China. Moreover, thanks to the US (and Canada), NATO is an alliance of more than 900 million people, 400 million more than the EU. America’s involvement in Europe’s security through NATO is thus something that Europe cannot afford to lose, either literally or figuratively. Indeed, the world’s response to Russia’s aggression in Ukraine has only served to reinforce this point. The US has been swift to act, sending 2,000 additional troops to Germany and Poland and moving 1,000 troops already stationed in Germany to Romania. Alongside President Biden’s promise that the US would “respond swiftly and decisively to any further Russian aggression,” such actions contributed to Putin’s decision not to proceed with an imminent, unprovoked and illegal invasion of Ukraine.  It may still come and, as the Foreign Secretary correctly points out, Putin may keep the crisis running for months.  After all, one European leader after another has rushed to Moscow, giving Putin’s ego the boost he seeks and raising his dwindling popularity among his oppressed public. Britain has acted admirably in response to the crisis as well, led by Defence Secretary Ben Wallace.  We have increased our deterrents and potential military force in Ukraine, sending 2,000 light anti-tank weapons along with troops to help train the Ukrainian forces. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Of our key allies, however, only the United States have followed in kind and coordinated their response with ours. Germany, by contrast, have been particularly slow to react, failing to send any defensive weapons to Ukraine.  Part of their response is explained by their persistence to develop Nord Stream 2 with Russia, a decision that makes them more dependent on Moscow for the supply of natural gas. The idea that Germany would suddenly stand up to Russia’s aggression through an EU Army, coordinating their response with other EU nations that have also been slow to respond to Putin’s actions, is therefore difficult to believe. An EU army would not be a new bulwark against Putin – it would be playing right into his hands with a Europe separated from the United States.  A single army implies a single state, after all.  The danger of the EU’s drive towards ever closer union can be seen most clearly in the unfunded aspirations for defence. All of this is not to hide that there are not problems with NATO.  There are, with the most important one being that many countries do not meet their commitments to the security alliance, failing to spend the required 2% of their GDP on defence. It is simply not credible that these countries would make financial commitments to an EU army and NATO at the same time.  The most likely outcome is that their already inadequate funding would be diluted between the two, weakening NATO further.  Nothing would be more pleasing to Putin’s regime. Furthermore, NATO operates as a collection of independent states co-operating as and when they choose to do so.  By contrast, the EU makes decisions collectively at the centre.  The idea of the EU responding to a security challenge with the same inadequacy that they did to ordering Covid vaccines will make Washington shiver. The manufactured crisis between Russia and Ukraine, has not demonstrated the need for an EU army.  Quite the opposite – it has reinforced the centrality of NATO to the security of Europe.  It is therefore a strengthened and more committed NATO approach, not a new EU vehicle, that will contain external threats, including Russia. The Rt Hon Dr Liam Fox MP is former Defence and International Trade Secretary.  He was the UK’s Nominee to be Director-General of the World Trade Organization (WTO) in 2020.