He said he was “restoring liberties in full” so that people could learn to live with the virus. The PM added: “We have the right now... to be confident.” Self-isolation rules for people who test positive will be scrapped on Thursday and free Covid tests will end on April 1 – saving ­taxpayers £2billion a week. At a Downing Street news conference last night, the PM urged the country to bounce back “after two of the darkest, ­grimmest years in our peacetime history”. He said: “I would encourage people to get back to work with confidence. We have the right now, we have the grounds now, to be confident. “The sun is shining, but we are keeping our umbrella. We are going to make sure we invest in surveillance. We want to have the keenest eyes in the crow’s nest to watch out for the iceberg which is a new variant.” Chief medical officer Sir Chris Whitty warned that the Omicron wave was “still high”. He said: “The rates are coming down but this is still a very ­common infection. "Some of those new variants will just disappear, but some of them will cause us significant problems.” Earlier, Mr Johnson confirmed to the Commons that all domestic legal restrictions will end on Thursday. He said: “It is time to get our confidence back. We don’t need laws to compel people to be considerate of others. “We can rely on that sense of responsibility towards one another, providing practical advice in the knowledge that people will follow it to avoid infecting loved ones and others. “So let us learn to live with this virus and continue protecting ­ourselves without restricting our freedoms. “We have emerged from the teeth of the pandemic before many others, retaining one of the most open economies and societies in Europe and the fastest growth in the G7 last year. “And while the pandemic is not over, we have passed the peak of the Omicron wave, with cases falling, and hospitalisations in England now fewer than 10,000 and still falling. “Today is not the day we can declare victory over Covid, because this virus is not going away. “But it is the day when all the efforts of the last two years finally enabled us to protect ourselves while restoring our liberties in full. “And after two of the darkest, grimmest years in our peacetime history, I do believe this is a moment of pride for our nation and a source of hope for all that we can achieve in the years to come.” The Government yesterday unveiled a four-part Living With Covid Plan. The key points are: He pointed out that the Queen’s recent infection showed the virus is still present. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Johnson added: “It is a reminder that this virus has not gone away, but because of the efforts we have made as a country over the past two years we can now deal with it in a very ­different way, moving from government restrictions to personal responsibility.” He dismissed calls from the opposition and various scientists for some restrictions to stay in place because the disease is still circulating. He told MPs: “Covid will not suddenly disappear. So those who would wait for a total end to this war before lifting the remaining regulations would be restricting the liberties of the British people for a long time to come. “This Government does not believe that is right or necessary. “Restrictions pose a heavy toll on our economy, our society, our mental wellbeing and the life chances of our children. “And we do not need to pay that cost any longer. “We have a population that is protected by the biggest ­vaccination programme in our history.” Ministers rubber-stamped the PM’s Living With Covid Plan at a Cabinet meeting yesterday. But the meeting was briefly delayed by an 11th-hour row about funding for continued Covid testing in the NHS. Chancellor Rishi Sunak rejected a plea from Health Secretary Sajid Javid for an extra £5billion to fund the tests. He eventually agreed the cost of the tests will be paid from existing NHS funds. Amid embarrassing scenes, the meeting had to be postponed while the row was resolved. Mr Javid yesterday confirmed an extra booster jab will be offered to everyone aged over 75. A string of Tory backbenchers had also urged the PM to rule out ever imposing a lockdown again. But Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer claimed the Government’s plan would leave the country “vulnerable” to new variants. He said: “As a nation there is no doubt we need to move on from Covid. People need to know their liberties are returning and returning for good. “But this is a half-baked announcement from a Government paralysed by chaos and incompetence. It is not a plan to live well with Covid.” ---------------- TOO much commentary about pandemic laws has come from people who know little about the relationship between law and society. If they did, they would understand that today’s changes are not likely to have a big immediate impact. They are the route to a “soft landing”, where people decide for themselves how much risk to tolerate, just as with all other respiratory infections. Laws always have to be interpreted to fit specific cases. There is abundant evidence that ordinary people have been making their own interpretations for many months. Mobile phone tracking showed household visiting rising from the March 2020 clampdown through to May 2021, regardless of the restrictions in force. The only blip was during Eat Out to Help Out, when people could meet outside their homes. Today’s moves simply recognise what has long been happening on the ground. Taking away the threat of a fine will encourage more people to go about their everyday lives as if it were 2019 but this will not happen on a large scale overnight. As with Freedom Day last summer, the return of confidence will be gradual – but unstoppable. ----------------- WHEN Covid-19 first hit our shores in 2020, the world had no idea what the risks of this new virus were and we didn’t have any vaccines or medicines to protect us. As the threat became apparent, we took unprecedented steps to save lives and protect our NHS. We have come a long way since then thanks to investment in our defences, the public’s huge sacrifices and the tireless work of our scientists. With our improved understanding, we can move away from government intervention to personal responsibility and learn to live with Covid. This week marks a new chapter in our history as we remove restrictions to make England a free nation once again. Covid will not suddenly disappear, and we must continue to protect ourselves. And vaccines are our best defence.