Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Aquarius – the eleventh sign in the zodiac – when it comes to love. Aquarians are “unique”, according to Horoscope.com. It is difficult to describe a group of them because no Aquarius is the same. Astrology experts at Horoscope.com said: “Aquarians don’t like labels, and may shy away from any adjective – even the good ones you might bestow upon them. “Aquarians believe in the nature of change and evolution, and even though they’re a fixed sign, they may not necessarily believe they are the same people they were when they were born.” READ MORE: Princess Anne 'can be a stern gran' but encourages grandchildren Aquarians are intellectual and analytical, and when it comes to love, they are also very passionate. Despite this, Aquarians are “constantly prioritising the people who need them the most, and sometimes, that puts the people they love in a lurch”. “Clear communication is necessary to avoid these issues,” Horoscope.com recommended. When it comes to the physical aspect of a relationship, Aquarians are very “in tune with their sexuality”. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle’s chicken recipe with just 5 ingredients [FOOD]Inside Kate Middleton & Prince William’s Kensington Palace apartment [PICTURES]Gatcombe Park: The £750,000 royal property where Zara Tindall lives [INSIDE] Horoscope.com said: “An Aquarius may find sex connects them more deeply to themselves, as well as their partner, and believes that sex can exist outside of love. “An Aquarius cares deeply about their partner, but believes that love is not asking another person to put the other person’s needs ahead of their own. “An Aquarius in love isn’t selfish, they’re pragmatic, and they’re doing what’s most honest for them.” Aquarius’ top love match is a Sagittarius as the fire sign can “add some heat to ethereal Aquarius”, which is an air sign. Both signs love adventure and are sure of what they want. Other people Aquarians are compatible with are Geminis and fellow Aquarians. Gemini and Aquarius are both fun, intelligent, and connect well on a physical level. So, what are the astrology experts’ predictions for Aquarians when it comes to love? Today, February 26, the astrologists have advised Aquarians to look for someone with “the same sense of humour” as them, and this will lead to “love and romance”. Horoscope.com continued: “Today's auspicious aspect indicates that if you are looking for that special person, you will both recognise that you are kindred spirits by the kind of things that make you both laugh. “After you have established this, you will certainly begin to notice other things that encourage your admiration.” As for the months ahead, the experts have warned of upcoming challenges for Aquarians, saying: “You’ve never been one to shy away from challenges, and that’s a good thing, because with your rebellious ruler Uranus travelling with conservative earth sign Taurus all year, you might feel like you’re trying to swim against the current a lot of the time. “By nature, you like to experiment and push the envelope, in sharp contrast to fixed sign Taurus, which seeks security and wants to keep the status quo year in and year out.”