Throughout the five Pirates of the Caribbean films, many characters have been introduced, and some have even quit. Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightley bowed out of the series after the third film, At World's End, before making returns in the fifth movie, Salazar's Revenge. And another character will likely make a comeback to return to take over The Black Pearl as well for Pirates of the Caribbean 6. While it has already been confirmed Johnny Depp will not be returning to the Disney franchise, one of the other heroes from Salazar's Revenge could still come back: Carina. Kaya Scodelario played the mysterious young woman in the 2017 movie and was given an important role in the lore. It was eventually revealed she was the daughter of Captain Hector Barbossa. In 2017 Scodelario spoke about making a return to the series in the future and revealed her comeback is essentially guaranteed - on paper. She said: "Well, when I signed up for the first one, I signed up for two movies. So I am contractually obliged, but I'd love to [do it]." But there's more, as the star revealed she would like to head up her own pirate team going forward. Scodelario revealed how she would like her character to follow in the footsteps of her father, Captain Barbossa, and become the owner of The Black Pearl. She said: "I think there's a lot we can still do. I'd like to see a Carina who takes the helm of Barbossa on the sea - have her own all-female pirate crew." She also added that it would be a "lot of fun" to return to the epic franchise. READ MORE: Pirates of the Caribbean 6 risks delay after Johnny Depp exit Scodelario explained: "It was an amazing experience to shoot ... so many people all watch it and find joy in it - it crosses generations. People enjoy these movies and ... people still want to see them." However, she was adamant that the film would need to be "good" if they were going to start again. She continued: "If people want it and we can find the right script, I'd love to be a part of it. But as of now, I haven't heard anything." Interestingly enough, a completely-female pirate crew is exactly the plot of the proposed Pirates of the Caribbean 6 at the moment. DON'T MISS...Pirates of the Caribbean 6 risks delay after Johnny Depp exit [NEWS]Johnny Depp breaks silence on new film role [INFO]Johnny Depp 'turned down' legendary John Hughes movie role [INSIGHT] At the moment, the only confirmed actor appearing in the next Pirates movie is Margot Robbie. In 2020 she revealed that she will be helming the new movie, while also bringing a lot of "girl power" to the franchise. Robbie, the Harley Quinn star, added: "I’m not a producer on Pirates, so I’ll sit back and kind of wait for the process. We’re really, really excited at the prospect of adding obviously a very key female element to that world." With Scodelario and Robbie involved, that's two pirates essentially confirmed to take over in the coming films. But, without Depp, it will be a different film altogether. Depp took part in all five of the previous films, but his future is uncertain. After his public court battle with his ex-wife Amber Heard, he has been let go from the series. Pirates boss Jerry Bruckheimer confirmed as much, revealing: "We're working on a draft right now and hopefully we'll get it shortly and give it to Disney and hopefully they'll like it. We don't know. We've been working on it for a little bit... The one we're developing right now, we're not sure quite what Johnny's role is going to be. So, we're going to have to see." The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE