Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge stole the nation's hearts through their Channel 4 programme Escape to the Chateau. The programme sees the married couple navigate their way through renovating their French chateau whilst raising their two children, Arthur and Dorothy. However, Angel touched on how strong their relationship is and revealed a hard time the pair went through during their second pregnancy. Their son Arthur was born in 2013, and two years later, Angel was pregnant again and had relocated to France where they began to renovate their incredible new home. Angel was determined to get the chateau ready for her own wedding but found that funds were slowly running out for the renovation to be done on time. To ensure they had enough to carry on and not to put too much stress on a heavily pregnant Angel, Dick took a job filming Dirty Rotten Survival in America for National Geographic. Looking back at her time away from Dick, Angel said to the Belfast Telegraph: "It was hard with Dick being away, and I missed him terribly. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' “But we just got on with things. I think it’s all about chasing the balance. We wanted to have a life where we were able to work but be able to spend time with the children as well.” Agreeing with her, Dick continued: "People look at us and think it’s an overnight success story. “But underneath the ‘overnight success’ is decades of hard work. There is no magic formula.” “That’s very true,” Angel agreed. “Years of working and experiencing things provide all the little adventures that help you learn.” Dick and Angel met in 2010 through a mutual friend, with Dick revealing the couple fell in love "very quickly". However, Dick was cautious when first entering the relationship as he was aware of their 19 year age gap. "I was introduced to Angela at a party, she’s gorgeous, and her smile is phenomenal, so as you can imagine, I was completely bowled over. "We fell in love very quickly and had a wonderful time, but then I told Angela it was time for her to find a young man [and] have children because I felt I shouldn’t keep her from that." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [WATCH]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [LATEST] Angel didn't have any of the excuses he was giving and said: "Age is but a number, Dick has always had a wonderful energy and is so passionate about everything he does, I love that about him.” When the pair first moved into the chateau, their goal was to not only make it habitable for them to live in but to be able to use the building as a wedding venue. Angel's target was to be able to host weddings in 2022 but back in November 2021, she revealed they had to put their plans on hold due to reasons beyond their control. Joining Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond on This Morning, Dermot asked: "I guess 2022 will be the year of the wedding for you, how are you gearing up for that now?" However, Angel had some bad news and revealed: "So we are not now because we are still a bit messy. "But what will happen at the start of next year is that it will be kind of similar to when we were doing our first events. "Everyone needs to come out, and we need to get our suppliers, and next year there's going to be a lot of work to get ready." Escape to the Chateau series 1-8 is available to watch on All4.