The report by Churchill Insurance showed over 20 percent of vehicles exceed the speed limit both during term time and during peak drop-off and pick-up hours. An experiment set up by the insurance group saw more than 83,000 cars drive past the school used for the test, with over 17,000 exceeding the speed limit.  The company is now urging motorists to take heed of the findings and lift their foot off the accelerator when approaching and driving past educational institutions. The findings are extremely concerning given drivers are using roads where lots of young children will be crossing and it is often hard to see around parked cars. During the two-week experiment, more than 83,000 cars drove past the school used for the test, with over 17,000 exceeding the speed limit. Cars found speeding drove on average 14 percent over the legal limit, despite clear signage of both the 30 mph speed limit and the proximity to a school. The average speed came in at 34.1 mph.  This increase in speed can have a drastic impact on the distance a driver has to stop in an emergency to avoid hitting a child. A car travelling at 30 mph has a stopping distance of 46.7m in dry conditions, according to the insurance group. However, a 14 percent increase in speed to 34.1 mph raises the stopping distance to 58.3m, an increase of 25 percent. This is further exacerbated in wet conditions, with the average stopping distance rising by 31 per cent to 78.2m if a car is driving 4.1 mph above the speed limit.  READ MORE:Horse rider claims Nissan driver 'could have killed her' The report found motorist’s behaviours were influenced by the time and day they were passing the schools. Drivers were most likely to speed during the morning drop-off (7:30-8:30am), when nearly a fifth (18 percent) vehicles were found to be breaking the law. This fell to seven percent during afternoon pick-up (3:15-4:15pm), though this may be a result of a 31 percent increase in traffic volumes preventing motorists from speeding. While these are times when there is likely to be a high concentration of child pedestrians along the road, this is apparently not enough of a deterrent for motorists. An average of one in seven (14 percent) vehicles was found speeding during these one-hour windows.  DON'T MISS:Putin faces military humiliation –support dwindling [REPORT]Britons hail takedown of Russian troop 'F*** you doing?' [COMMENT]Show host mocked after saying holiday ruined by Putin [REVEAL] These figures are particularly alarming as analysis of more than 600,000 road traffic accidents between 2017 and 2020 found 82,757 cases involved a pedestrian. Children of primary school age, those between four and 11, accounted for one in eight (12 percent) of these accidents, despite only accounting for 10 percent of the population. Overall, more than 10,000 primary school children were hit by vehicles between 2017 and 2020, meaning seven children were hit by a car every single day. The analysis shows young children are 22 percent more likely to be involved in a road traffic accident than the rest of the population.  Nicholas Mantel, Head of Churchill Motor Insurance, said: “Driving over the speed limit, even by the slightest amount, can have a serious impact on braking distances. “Young children don’t always have the best road safety awareness and may run out from between parked cars, so if a car was travelling above the speed limit when this happened, it may not be able to stop in time, leading to a tragic accident. “While drivers should be more responsible with their speed around schools, it is vital children are educated on road safety to ensure they know how to minimise the risks of an accident. “We would encourage any adults to teach children key safety tips when close to roads to avoid any nasty incidents.” Government figures for the year ending June 2021 show there were 1,390 reported road deaths, a decrease of 11 percent compared to the year ending June 2020. There were 119,850 casualties of all severities, a decrease of 9 percent compared to the year ending June 2020. 