Formula One fans might be forgiven for being confused when they see Alex Albon sporting the Red Bull logo on his Williams helmet this season. Albon, 25, joined Christian Horner's team from Toro Rosso midway through the 2019 campaign, and proceeded to rack up 92 points as he finished eighth, winning the FIA Rookie of the Year Award. In 2020 he finished seventh, notching 105 points, but was overshadowed by teammate Max Verstappen, and found himself relegated to the role of reserve driver in 2021 after being replaced by Sergio Perez. This season will be a fresh start for the Thai driver though, after he was named as the new driver at Williams following the departure of George Russell to Mercedes. Albon will partner Canadian driver Nicholas Latifi, who at the centre of the controversy than engulfed the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after his crash prompted a safety car to be deployed, kick-starting a chaotic sequence of events that culminated in Verstappen overtaking Lewis Hamilton on the final lap to be crowned world champion. However, whilst Albon's driving overalls will showcase the Williams colours, he raised eyebrows on Saturday when he tweeted the design of his helmet for 2022. JUST IN: Christian Horner opens up on battling Mercedes' top lawyers while 'sticky with champagne' The helmet clearly displayed the Red Bull logo, on both the front and side, which could be seen as contradictory given his new team's close working relationship with Mercedes. However, Albon will remain personally sponsored by Red Bull, and Jost Capito has previously admitted his new driver will be showcasing their branding on his headgear. He has thus far refused to be drawn on reports that Albon could return to Horner's team as early as 2023 though. "I don't want to talk about the details of the contract," said Capito, when quizzed by reporters at the Russian Grand Prix. DON'T MISS:Valtteri Bottas shuts down George Russell ahead of Lewis Hamilton dueHow Michael Masi reacted to FIA axe as 'personal friend' relays private text messageFerrari boss Mattia Binotto looking to copy Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen car tricks "The only thing I can say is that he will be an official Williams driver with no contract with Red Bull. "He does have a contract with the Thai division of Red Bull, which has been his personal sponsor throughout his career. He has the right to have personal sponsors." Last week, Williams launched their new FW44 car for the new campaign, their first car designed under the guidance of Technical Director Francois-Xavier. It's also the first Williams car launch since legendary owner Frank Williams sadly passed away last year. The FW44 doesn't have the usual white splash of paint on the livery, switching to an all-blue livery featuring streaks of red.