Storm Franklin descended on the UK after the chaos of Storm Eunice last week. The successor storm hit on Sunday, building on the destruction left by Eunice on Friday. A flood warning remains in place across Wales as the clean-up operation continues. But on a north Wales beach, shocked onlookers witnessed what appeared to be a miniature tornado swirl up from the sand. Local residents of Prestatyn in Denbighshire watched as what is known as a “dust devil” whipped up the sand particles on the shoreline on Sunday evening. William Dallimore, who saw the “dust devil” firsthand, happened to be in a nearby car park at the exact moment it appeared. He quickly turned his camera on the phenomenon, then posted the extraordinary footage to a local Facebook group for the town. Mr Dallimore told North Wales Live he saw the “spiral”, but initially mistook it for ordinary rainfall. He added he dug into what he saw, before discovering it was likely a “dust devil” that had claimed the beach in North Wales for around “two hours”. He said: "I was parked up on the Nova car park and could just see the spiral in the corner. READ MORE: Birmingham earthquake: Midlands hit with 3.2 magnitude tremor "At first, I thought I was seeing things and that it was just the rain. "After a while, I realised this wasn't the case. "I thought it was a mini-tornado, but then after some research, discovered what its real name was. "The dust devil was circulating for around two hours.” DON'T MISS: Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm [REACTION] M1 traffic latest: Road blocked after serious crash - huge delays a...[REPORT] Moors murders: 'Sick final twist' in killings after Ian Brady's death [INSIGHT] Mr Dallimore described how the “dust devil” appeared on the beach as a tornado warning was issued for the region. He added: "It was captured at the same time the media reported that a tornado warning had been issued as Storm Franklin was due to take hold in North Wales." On Sunday, The Tornado and Storm Research Organisation - comprised of professionals and amateurs - predicted “gusts of up to 70mph and "brief/weak tornadoes" in North Wales. A “dust devil” is thought to be a relatively short-lived sight, and can range anything from half a metre wide to over 10 metres in width. UK Weather Chases calls them “short-lived whirlwinds that are mainly harmless”. They add: "They tend to form when hot air at the surface begins to rise rapidly with much cooler air above it and higher up into the atmosphere. "The warm air then stretches and causes a spinning motion much like a tornado." A yellow weather warning had previously been issued by the Met Office for Storm Franklin. Disruption has been wide across Wales, with gusts of up to 80mph. Weather forecasters believe Franklin, coming immediately after Storms Dudley and Eunice, saw the first time three named storms have hit the UK in the same week since 2015.