Simon Birkett, the founder of Clean Air in London told the London Assembly this week that the ever-expanding Ultra Low Emissions Zone (ULEZ) in London should be replaced faster than suggested and described an alternative in which people would be rewarded for choosing to walk or cycle rather than drive cars. Mr Birkett said the current ULEZ, Congestion Charge and Low Emissions Zone systems are "really quite primitive" for charging someone for travelling "100 yards into a zone,” reported MyLondon. Mr Birkett said he had drawn up a plan for a new “smart” road-user charging system with Boris Johnson’s former deputy mayor for transport, Isabel Dedring. He added: “We designed emissions-based road charging over a cup of tea one afternoon. "It would have four elements for vehicles to pay different amounts depending on the time of day, where they are, and the quality and quantity of the fuel they burn." READ MORE: Cyclists warned riding in the middle of the road is a ‘bit daft’ The current ULEZ was expanded last year to 22 London boroughs and the aim is to expand it to all 33, a move that would cost drivers in the capital £300million. Although City Hall already plans to replace the scheme by 2030, that isn’t soon enough for Mr Birkett who said changes could be brought in within two or three years. He said: "I’d like to get a commitment from the mayor to introduce a bigger, stronger, fairer, smarter scheme. “The beauty of it is that you could actually pay people to walk or cycle.” DON'T MISSHuge driving law changes being introduced today with millions affected [WARNING]Abandoned luxury car ship still burning at sea [SHOCKING]Motorists may be able to continue driving without licence [INSIGHT] Last month Sadiq Khan spoke about his desire to introduce a daily charge of around £3.50 to anyone driving in or out of London. Mr Khan said: “Whilst we have made huge strides in increasing walking and cycling in London throughout the pandemic, car use has remained consistently high. "The cost to both Londoners and the capital [should not] be underestimated, with days wasted stuck in traffic, billions lost to the economy and increased road danger and health impacts. "Most traffic is caused simply by there being too great a demand for limited street space, meaning the only long-term solution can be to significantly reduce car use in favour of greener means of travel." Others have suggested a pay-to-drive system in London in addition to the ULEZ and the long-standing congestion charge which today had its rules changed. Motorists will now be able to drive in the zone after 6pm without paying. The mayor extended the hours to 10pm during the Covid pandemic but it will now start at 7am and finish at 6pm. However the cost will remain at £15 from the previous £11.50 and will stay enforced on weekends. Nick Bowes, chief executive of the Centre for London think tank said the congestion charge was “world-leading when it was introduced”, but argued that it’s now “outdated and its effectiveness has diminished over time”. He continued, saying: “The Mayor needs to be bold and introduce a simpler, smarter and fairer system of road user charging that replaces both the congestion charge and the ultra-low emission zone. “Such a scheme would tackle congestion, improve air quality and promote travel by public transport, walking and cycling, by charging drivers by the mile “It could also play a key role in filling the hole in Transport for London’s budget.”