President Volodymyr Zelensky is forming the group, created "to defeat Putin like we defeated Hitler" after thousands said they would fight Russian aggressors. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said yesterday she would "absolutely" back anyone enlisting in the International Legion of Territorial Defence of Ukraine. The cry for international help came as Ukrainian forces in its second biggest city, Kharkiv, repelled a heavy Russian onslaught. Foreign affairs minister Dmytro Kuleba said: "Foreigners willing to defend Ukraine and world order, I invite you to contact foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine in your respective countries. "Together we defeated Hitler, and we will defeat Putin, too." Ms Truss said: "The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe. If people want to support that struggle, I would support them in doing that." Her comments are highly controversial. The Foreign Enlistment Act 1870 makes it illegal to join an overseas army at war with a country that is at peace with the UK. In 2014, Britons travelling to join Syria's civil war were warned that they risked prosecution. Meanwhile, in what European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen called a "watershed" step, the EU is to ship arms to Ukraine. Ms von der Leyen also announced new sanctions against Russia and its ally Belarus, and a ban on Russia using EU airspace. President Zelensky, 44, has won world admiration for refusing to flee the capital Kyiv to fight alongside his people. He now plans to assemble brigades of mercenaries to serve next to hundreds of thousands of civilians who have taken up arms. After four days of resistance, Ukraine said the world "didn't believe and doubted" it would be able to withstand the invasion. But despite being heavily outnumbered, troops and armed civilians led a valiant resistance against Moscow's forces, which entered the capital, Kyiv, on Saturday. About 50,000 Ukrainians have fled but the majority stayed and took up arms. Ms Truss warned the conflict could last "a number of years". But she added: "We know the Ukrainians are brave, they're determined to stand up for their sovereignty and territorial integrity, and they're determined to fight." Ukraine has also appealed for cryptocurrency donations, posting digital wallet addresses for tokens including Bitcoin and Ether. Kharkiv's regional governor, Oleh Sinegubov, said yesterday the city was "completely cleansed of the enemy", following fierce street-to-street gun battles. A tower block was shelled, with what one woman called "something like Star Wars above your head". An elderly woman died. Russian forces had been confident of taking Kharkiv, after a rapid advance on Saturday. At one stage Mr Sinegubov told people not to leave shelters. But, he said later: "Control over Kharkiv is completely ours. The Russian enemy is completely demoralised. "In the middle of Kharkiv, abandoning vehicles are in the middle of the road, whole groups of five to 10 people surrender to Ukrainian troops. As soon as they see at least one representative of the Ukrainian armed forces, they surrender." The Kremlin invasion is the biggest assault on a European state since the Second World War. Kharkiv was seen as a strategic stronghold from which to head south towards Dnipro, the Ukrainian military HQ when war broke out in the east in 2014. Nearly 250 miles from Kyiv, the city of 1.4 million people is in Ukraine's northeast, near the Russian separatist-held regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. It was penetrated by small Russian units using lighter military vehicles, but they were destroyed. Troops also blew up a nearby natural gas pipeline, a Ukrainian state communications agency said. It warned of a potential "environmental catastrophe" and urged residents to protect themselves by covering windows. Footage showed Russian trucks rolling through Kharkiv. Soldiers were also seen exchanging fire with Ukrainians. Another clip showed a torched army vehicle and loyalists wearing yellow armbands battling a convoy of Russian troops.