Unleashing the full potential of Brexit Britain on the world stage, the new deal signifies an important moment in opening up more trade opportunities for businesses outside of the EU. The pact will slash red tape and bureaucracy, increasing opportunities to export to new markets abroad. International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan puts pen to paper this afternoon after meeting with the New Zealand Minister for Trade and Export Growth Damien O’Connor. The new deal is set to boost the UK-New Zealand trade relationship, already wroth £2.3billion in 2020, by almost 60 percent. Ms Trevelyan said: "This deal will slash red tape, remove all tariffs and make it easier for our services companies to set up and prosper in New Zealand. "Our trade with New Zealand will soar, benefiting businesses and consumers throughout the UK and helping level up the whole country. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG "Like all our new trade deals, it is part of a plan to build a network of trade alliances with the most dynamic parts of the world economy, so we set the UK on a path to future prosperity." Under the agreement, tariffs will be eliminated on all UK exports to New Zealand. Duty of up to 10 percent on clothing and footwear will be ditched, as well as tariffs of up to five percent on exports of ships, bulldozers and excavators. UK professionals, such as lawyers and auditors will also find it easier to work in New Zealand and bring their families with them under the terms agreed between the two countries. Trade officials say the deal is the most advanced New Zealand has signed with any nation except Australia. The deal will also help boost the UK's accession to the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP). DON'T MISS:Brexit pay day as wages soar by up to 20% [INSIGHT]Boris challenged to deliver Brexit pledge on sanctions [REACTION]Brexit boom as company sidesteps red tape with partnership [UPDATE] The bloc is made up of 11 countries including New Zealand and is worth £8.4trillion to the global economy in total. Earlier this month it was confirmed the UK had entered the last stage of talks on joining the CPTPP, with Britain hoping to be accepted into the group by the end of the year. Ministers see CPTPP membership as a core part of the Government's vision for Global Britain and shifting focus towards emerging markets likely to dominate on the world stage in the years to come. The CPTPP has been tipped to overtake the size of the EU in the next 10 years. An agreement in principle between the UK and New Zealand was originally reached last October. Since then negotiations have been working intensively on the finer details to secure the final deal. More than 70 trade deals have been signed since the UK held the EU referendum in 2016. While many of these are rollover deals on similar terms to agreements the UK was covered by as a member of the EU, fresh deals with countries such as Australia and Singapore have also been struck.