Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway has admitted that she is “desperate to be able to give a happy ending” for her husband Derek Draper, after his struggles with Covid-19 have left him needing round-the-clock care. The ITV star recently accompanied Derek on an 11,000-mile trip to Mexico, so that he could undergo cutting-edge medical treatment at a specialist clinic.    Kate, 54, has kept the public up-to-date with Derek’s condition ever since he was struck down with coronavirus in March 2020, where he became so ill that doctors were forced to put him into an induced coma. Derek, also 54, did not return home for over a year and the debilitating nature of his continued illness has left him feeling suicidal at times. Kate won a National Television Award last year for Finding Derek, which documented her family’s struggles during her husband’s 13 months in hospital. Now, an eminent doctor in the States had reached out to the journalist after seeing her documentary, suggesting that he take the flight across the Atlantic. READ MORE: 'Very worrying time' Piers Morgan on Queen's shock Covid diagnosis    Derek had to undergo oxygen and pressure tests to check he was able to cope with the 16-hour transatlantic flight but has successfully managed to make the journey. The former lobbyist has received specialist treatment at a clinic in Monterrey and is set to return for 28 days next month, while healthcare professionals continue to monitor his brain, liver and lung function. Speaking about their trip across the pond, Kate said that her husband was “desperate to get better”. She told The Sun: “It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited. “He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen.    “I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve. I think the treatment could be positive.” However, the broadcaster also admitted that she was being “careful about saying too much” in case things don’t go to plan. “I don’t want to start something, offering up false hope to others who might be in a similar position,” she said. “But I’m just so desperate to be able to give a happy ending — for Derek mainly, but also for everybody who asks me every day how he’s getting on. READ MORE...  Ruth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced [UPDATE] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [INSIGHT] Eamonn Holmes defends Rylan Clark over 'sickies' accusation [LATEST] “I’m desperate to be able to tell them he’s getting better . . . but of course he’s not out of the woods yet. It’s hard to say how the treatment went so far, as it’s very early in the treatment programme and he will need much more. “We are also still waiting for final analysis of all the scans, but I like there were a lot of positives,” she concluded. Kate went on to describe how her husband’s previous fears as a nervous flyer would have made the whole journey “draining and overwhelming” for him. She then praised Derek for being “amazing” throughout and added how “proud of him” she was.    However, it seems that the couple will not be out of the woods for some time, and one early brain scan did show something more concerning. There were visible bright patches of white, which one neurologist said was more usually seen in patients with vascular dementia, although an agreed diagnosis is yet to be reached given that experts still do not fully understand the long-term effects of the virus. The latest development in Derek’s treatment will be shown in a new ITV documentary called Caring For Derek, which serves as a ­follow-up to Kate’s award-winning Finding Derek. Caring for Derek will air tonight at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub.     