Oti Mabuse has issued an emotional goodbye to Strictly Come Dancing after the professional dancer took to Instagram and shared the news, in view of her 639,000 followers today. The BBC favourite explained in a candid post today that she made the "difficult decision" after seven years of being a part of the show. In a lengthy post, the South-African-born dancer said she had the most "amazing time" on the BBC programme but it was time to hang up her dancing shoes. Taking to the picture-sharing site, Oti shared a picture alongside Bill Bailey holding the Glitterball Trophy when the dancing duo was crowned Strictly champions in 2020. She shared another photo alongside her celebrity dance partner Kelvin Fletcher who won the show in 2019. The two-time Strictly winner began: "Never easy to say goodbye. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield  "I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. "Lifting the Glitter Ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! "You are my family and I adore you all forever. " She continued: "Thank you @sarahjamesface @jack.will.g and @jasongilkison for truly believing in me.  "I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much.Thank You from the bottom of my heart. "I can’t put in to words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. "Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family especially, friends, strictly fans and judges who have been my support throughout my strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made everyday unforgettable! I love you." Oti signed off: "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience! DON'T MISS... Strictly's Neil Jones reacts as ex-wife Katya brands him her 'husband'[LATEST]Jonathan Ross says closeted Hollywood star once 'asked him on a date'[ADMISSION]Strictly's Nikita Kuzmin pines for Tilly Ramsay after farewell[STRICTLY] "Lots of Love Oti xxx @bbcstrictly @bbc." The Strictly performer accompanied the post with a variety of photos with her dance partners on the show including Ugo Monye, Graham Swanne and Jonnie Peacock. The Dancing On Ice judge was swiftly inundated with messages of support from her fellow Strictly co-stars. Her sister and BBC show judge Motsi Mabuse commented: "It’s time to fly baby girl! I am so proud of you fearless, courageous and so looking forward to seeing your dreams come true." Graziano di Prima penned: "My friend!! I’m gonna miss you so so much!! You are a star my darling!! I had the pleasure to share the stage with you!" Zoe Ball gushed: "The best. Big love for new adventures Oti." Strictly winner Giovanni Pernice wrote: "Good luck for the future queen." BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker said: "Oti you are an absolute star. It was a pleasure to watch you on Strictly as a viewer and a privilege to get to know you last season too. Take care of yourself. See you soon my friend." Oti wants to pursue other TV opportunities having established herself as a talent show judge with roles on ITV 's The Masked Dancer and Dancing On Ice.