Madonna, 63, has shown her fun-loving side in a new clip shared yesterday with her 17.6 million Instagram followers. The pop star could be seen riding a stair lift as she held up her middle fingers and swore at people presumably behind the camera. The bizarre clip also features her playing the guitar and telling the camera: "I'm not gonna quit my day job.” She added: “I mean, or maybe I should. "Count her in for talking, count her in for singing. And then count me in for fun." The post was captioned: "I'm a social anthropologist, I'm a film maker. I'm Fundonna." (sic) The bizarre clip also features her playing the guitar and telling the camera: "I'm not gonna quit my day job.” She added: “I mean, or maybe I should. "Count her in for talking, count her in for singing. And then count me in for fun." The post was captioned: "I'm a social anthropologist, I'm a film maker. I'm Fundonna." (sic) READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Fans of the Material Girl hitmaker rushed to the comments section to praise their idol. Prettyveneice typed: “That's my girl! Long live the Legendary Queen Madonna!” Pauladusi added: “Must be so fun to be around you.” Olivieravellana chimed in: “Madonna you’re the best ! You’re so funny.” Juji009 wrote: “Madonna is the only queen of pop, it's obvious.” Madonna recently sparked controversy after sharing a series of racy photos on the social media platform. Last month, the singer posted a series of photos in which she posed on a Dodge Challenger muscle car prop while she flashed her bum. The majority of the shots were viewer-friendly, but one particular photo showed Madonna putting her lace French knickers and fishnet tights on display. DON'T MISS...Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [LATEST]Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [HEALTH]Gardeners' World's Monty Don worries fans with Longmeadow storm damage [UPDATE] A separate shot showed the singer sprawled across the car with her legs open and a hat placed in between them. She captioned the snap: “Car trouble” along with emojis for a wrench, hammer, a red light and a car. While the post attracted a barrage of comments complimenting the singer, some Instagram users voiced their disapproval. Chrismalibu47 said: “God Save The Queen from her ego.” Sdezeri4 wrote: “This looks desperate.” Aisha.renae penned: “Yawn.” Among her critics was rapper Nelly, who made his stance clear in a comment. He wrote: “Some things should just be left covered up.”