Mr Putin announced on Monday the Kremlin would recognise the breakaway regions of Ukraine as independent states, offering a pretext to send in Russian soldiers. The Russian President then issued the order for Russian troops to move into the two separatist regions of Eastern Ukraine, Donetsk and Luhansk. The US and the UK responded to Mr Putin’s deployment order with sanctions, adding Moscow’s actions amount to the “beginning of an invasion”. Retired lieutenant colonel Glen Grant told Express.co.uk with exasperation: “I just do not see sanctions stopping this mad man any more than they ever had.” The West previously slapped Moscow with sanctions after the Kremlin annexed the Crimean Peninsula in 2014, to the southeast of mainland Ukraine. Crimea has remained under Russian control ever since. Retired Lt Col Grant, who is now a defence analyst for the Baltic Security Foundation, stressed his scepticism that President Putin has any measure of fear for the impact of Western sanctions. He said: “Putin is not about to stop, now that he has authority to use troops outside of Russia. “He will keep going until he has smashed NATO and the EU.” He issued an ominous warning to the US, UK, and its NATO allies: “If we want to avoid this, then, sooner or later, we must fight." READ MORE: Putin's forces in disarray as officers go AWOL UK Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss, has launched "coordinated escalatory sanctions" alongside the other members of the G7. It followed an announcement by Boris Johnson that the UK will sanction five Russian banks and three prominent oligarchs. Mr Johnson told the Commons: "We want to stop Russian companies from being able to raise funds in sterling or indeed in dollars.” Mr Johnson called this “the first tranche, the first barrage of what we are prepared to do”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Biden unleashes full power of US Army [LIVE] NATO will NOT assist Ukraine to fend off Russia invasion [ANALYSIS] 'Assume the worst!' Nuclear war with Russia 'very real' for NATO [INSIGHT] He added: "It is absolutely vital that we hold in reserve further powerful sanctions...in view of what President Putin may do next." MPs called for Mr Johnson to extend the sanctions further, with some calling for Russian oligarchs to be banned from the UK. The Prime Minister responded that the Government retains “further sanctions at readiness to be deployed”. White House Press Secretary, Jen Psaki, added that a new Executive Order, to be put in place by President Biden, was separate from these sweeping sanctions already threatened by the US. The US has now banned investment by America in the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. She said: “President Biden will soon issue an Executive Order that will prohibit new investment, trade, and financing by U.S. persons to, from, or in the so-called DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine.” She continued: “We are also ready to impose swift and severe consequences should Russia instead choose war. “And currently, Russia appears to be continuing preparations for a full-scale assault on Ukraine very soon.”