 Russia vetoed a resolution condemning its invasion of Ukraine presented to the UN Security Council in New York on Friday. Russia, which is one of five veto-holding members of the Security Council, was the only country delegation to vote against the resolution which demanded the Kremlin stop its assault and withdraw all its troops.   Despite being the only one of the council’s fifteen members to reject the resolution, Russia’s status as a permanent member of the UN body meant that the resolution was scrapped. Unlike other UN bodies, the Security Council has the power to authorise sanctions and even military force on behalf of the UN. All of the UN’s 193 members have to abide by its legally-binding decisions, which could potentially deal a major blow to Russia’s invasion of its neighbour. But as Russia holds one of the most powerful seats at the council - alongside the UK, US, China and France - experts warn that it will be rendered futile in the conflict with Ukraine. Richard Gowan of the New York-based International Crisis Group which monitors the UN said the Security Council has “very limited leverage in this situation.” Mr Gowan told Express.co.uk: “The blunt reality is that Russia's veto power means the Council cannot play a decisive role here. And if Putin cared about the UN Charter or diplomatic debates in New York, he wouldn't have invaded Ukraine in the first place. “Russia enjoys having power in the Security Council, but doesn't feel it has to respect it.” He added: “I think the Council will mainly be a platform for the US and its allies to trade rhetorical barbs with Russia while the war goes on.” The body has a rotating presidency which is currently held by Russia. Moscow’s ambassador Vasily Alekseevich Nebenzya was chairing an emergency meeting of the Security Council convened to prevent a war in Ukraine on Wednesday when Putin announced the Russian offensive had begun. Although Western powers such as the US, UK and European countries knew Friday’s resolution would not pass due to Russia’s sway at the body they welcomed the vote as a sign of Moscow’s isolation on the international stage.  China, India and the UAE all abstained from the vote in another sign of the widening split between the West and East following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Despite the result not indicating total condemnation of Russia’s attack on Ukraine, China’s abstention in particular was seen as a blow to the Kremlin as Beijing refrained from supporting Putin’s aggression, although the Chinese delegation did water down the text before it was put to the council. Mr Gowan said: “Russia will be sorry that China did not join it in vetoing this resolution. But Moscow will be glad that the Chinese helped weaken the resolution at the last minute by pushing for modifications to water down the text. “We now know that Beijing is unlikely to use its diplomatic weight to solve this crisis, at least in public. We must hope the Chinese will be firmer with the Russians in private than in public.” The failure of the resolution paved the way for council members to call for an urgent vote on a similar measure at the UN General Assembly, which gathers all 193 member states together at the organisation’s headquarters in New York. The meeting kicked off on Monday with a rare minutes silence for Ukraine before General Assembly President Abdulla Shahid of the Maldives renewed his calls for an immediate ceasefire. It was the first emergency meeting of the body since 1982. Mr Shahid called on the parties to use a “rare” dialogue opportunity to “meaningfully and rapidly de-escalate” situation, referring to the peace talks between Ukraine and Russia delegates in Belarus. Although a statement condemning Russia’s actions in Ukraine is more likely to be passed at the general assembly, where Russia does not have a veto, it will not be legally binding. It’s main purpose would be to send a message to Putin that he will not find support from the world’s powers. Mr Gowan said: “A majority of UN members sympathise with Ukraine and will back a resolution condemning Moscow's actions. This may boost Ukraine's morale, but the Assembly's real-world powers are quite limited.” READ MORE: Russia-Ukraine: Boris Johnson called on to 'overcome risk aversion' Phil Lynch from the International Service for Human Rights, which monitors the UN in New York and at its European headquarters in Geneva, agreed that the General Assembly had to step up while the Security Council was paralysed. Mr Lynch also said the Human Rights Council, which is due to hold an urgent meeting on Ukraine this week, should pass a resolution condemning Russia’s actions and setting up an independent mechanism to monitor violations in Ukraine. He told Express.co.uk: “With the UN Security Council hamstrung by Russia’s power of veto as a permanent member, it is imperative that the UN General Assembly and the UN Human Rights Council step up and fulfil their vital mandates in promoting and protecting human rights and international peace and security.” There have been growing calls across the international community for Russia to be kicked out of both the UN Security Council and Human Rights Council as its power in the body undermines its power. Efforts are underway to challenge Russia’s right to a permanent seat on the UN security council on the grounds that it took the seat from the Soviet Union after its collapse in 1991 without proper authorisation. Diplomats are reportedly investigating whether this is grounds for Russia to be removed from the body. NGOs are also calling for Russia to be suspended from the Human Rights Council, which is allowed under UN mechanisms. Mr Lynch explained: “States should also push for Russia to be suspended from the Human Rights Council, with the General Assembly conferred with the power of suspension when a member is responsible for widespread and systematic violations. “This threshold has been reached by Russia and it is critical to the integrity of the Council that they are not allowed a seat at the human rights high table.” He added: “Russia’s war of aggression in Ukraine is a flagrant violation of international law and is already leading to massive violations of human rights and humanitarian law.” The majority of UN member states have made it clear they support Ukraine in the face of Russia’s attack, with the Secretary General blasting Putin’s invasion at the opening of the general assembly meeting in New York on Monday. DON'T MISS:'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [LATEST]Putin’s threats backfire as another nation looks set to join Nato [BREAKING]Hell on Kyiv streets as sky lights up after massive explosion [LATEST]   António Guterres said “the fighting in Ukraine must stop,” adding: “Enough is enough.” The top UN leader also called Russian putting nuclear defences on alert “a chilling development” after President Putin announced the move on Sunday. Mr Guterres said: “The mere idea of a nuclear development is simply inconceivable. “Nothing can justify the use of nuclear weapons.” Mr Gowan warned that, while Mr Guterres’ words were welcomed by countries around the world, his strong condemnation of Russia could weaken the UN’s power as a mediator between Russia and Ukraine. He explained: “Guterres has spoken out strongly against Russia's actions in the last week. But in doing so he has hurt his ties with Moscow, so it will be hard for him to act as a mediator over Ukraine. “Nonetheless, I think it was essential that Guterres speak out in this way. The Secretary-General does still carry some weight in international media and diplomatic circles as a moral authority.” Mr Gowan warned that the conflict in Ukraine could blow a devastating blow to the UN’s already waning reputation and weaken the standing of Western powers. He said: “The UN's reputation in Europe has never recovered from the Balkan wars in the 1990s. I think this tragic episode will only harm its credibility with European policy-makers and publics more.” “I fear that non-Western diplomats at the UN also see this fiasco as proof of European and US loss of influence, even though they may sympathise with Ukraine.”