 ITV’s hit period drama series Downton Abbey released its first film in 2019 and proved popular with audiences. Fans are now excitedly awaiting its second outing on the silver screen with the upcoming film Downton Abbey: A New Era. However, one of its stars has spoken out about their experience making the new movie during the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.   Raquel Cassidy plays Phyllis Baxter in Downton Abbey and spent some of last year filming the new movie in the French Riviera. The film sees the Crawley family go on a grand journey to the South of France to uncover the mystery of the dowager countess's newly inherited villa. Chatting exclusively to Express.co.uk, Raquel explained what it was like working under coronavirus restrictions. The actress revealed the cast and crew were “locked down” together in a hotel in France while they worked on the new film. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?  She confessed that restrictions could pose challenges for the production, but noted there were also many positives to the experience. Raquel confessed the cast and crew felt like a “family” as they ended up spending much of their free time together. She explained: “If you take us out of our homes, for example with Downton, chuck us in the south of France on the hotel by the beach and you've got lots of days off, and we’ve also got quarantine time and everything, then the family aspect grows.” The actress revealed some members of the cast and crew brought their own family with them while filming the new movie.   She went on to detail how everyone would socialise together when they weren’t filming. Raquel said: “You've got lots of bedrooms and you all meet for meals, or you'd have a swim in the pool together, or you meet at the gym. “That bit really beats pretty much any other kind of working,” she confessed. “So, going away while you're working but also being locked down together, there is the flip side to that bitter pill that really is a blessing,” Raquel admitted. DON'T MISS...Good Karma Hospital star details difficult scene with co-star [EXCLUSIVE]Downton Abbey 2: Is Henry Talbot in A New Era? [MUST SEE]Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper breaks down in tears [WATCH]  The Downton Abbey star insisted her love for her work helps her get through challenges. Raquel remarked: “When you’re doing something you love that carries you through. It really does. “Even getting the cast together, who know one another, that’s absolutely joyful,” she added. However, Downton Abbey: A New Era isn’t the only thing she’s filmed under coronavirus restrictions as she also stars in the current series of The Good Karma Hospital.    The actress filmed the series in Sri Lanka last year and revealed that lockdown rules meant she was unable to explore much of the island in her spare time. “I couldn't actually explore,” she explained. “Obviously when you're on lockdown you’re not allowed to really, beyond the hotel.” However, much like her time on Downton Abbey, Raquel enjoyed staying in a hotel with her fellow cast members. “We lived in a small hotel which turned into a little bit like a family home with lots of different bedrooms. “I mean even the hotel staff felt like family by the end of it,” she added. The Good Karma Hospital airs Sundays at 8pm on ITV. Downton Abbey: A New Era is due to be released in cinemas on April 29 2022. 