Paddy McGuinness, 48, and his wife Christine McGuinness, 33, have three children together who are all autistic. After the success of their recent documentary, the couple have started a podcast raising awareness of disabilities, with the pair revealing they have not yet told their children about their diagnosis. The pair share three children, twins Leo and Penelope, eight, and five-year-old Felicity. After the success of their documentary, the couple launched their podcast Table Talk with Paddy & Christine McGuinness. On the podcast Paddy and Christine meet six families across the UK with disabled children, to learn more about the realities of family life, the worries and wonders they face. During the first episode, released today, Paddy revealed he has yet to tell his children about their condition. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Twins Leo and Penelope are oblivious to their autism, but their proud parents explained they haven't found the right time to explain the situation to them yet. Paddy said: "Our eldest children are both eight, and we've not mentioned it to them yet. "Not for any other reason - but we just feel as though they are happy as they are at the minute. "It might be a bit much for them, so we are kind of picking our moment with them." The guest featured on the show revealed she told her son before they went for his diagnosis tests. Christine replied: "Ours were still non-verbal when we were doing all of those assessments and everything so we couldn't discuss it with them and even now we still don't know. "I don't know if there is a right time." The show's guest then reassured Christine and Paddy that "it's what works" for individual cases and there is not a certain pattern to follow. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT] Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [LATEST] Victoria Beckham stuns in bridal-inspired gown for friend's wedding [INSTAGRAM] This comes after Paddy made the admission during Paddy and Christine: Our Family and Autism, that Paddy is unsure if his children will know how much he loves them. Airing in December, he said: "What gets to me with them all is – and again, this is only how I think. "I think, 'Will they ever know how loved they are? Do they understand what love is?'" Struggling to hold back his tears, he continued: "So, when I’m with Leo every night in bed, I’ll always say to him 'Who loves you more than anything else in the world?' "And he’ll go, 'You do.' And I’ll say, 'Who’s your best friend?' "And he’ll go, 'You are.' "I’ll go, 'Do you love daddy?' And he’ll go, 'Yeah.'" This leaves Paddy to question if his son is just saying it or if he actually "knows that". Christine recalled the first moment they were diagnosed, saying: "I was so shocked. "I was convinced [the doctor] was wrong, because I knew nothing about it." You can listen to the full podcast here.