Nadiya Bychkova, 32, has travelled home to Slovenia as the Strictly Come Dancing tour comes to an end, and is staying with her former fiance Matija Skarabot, according to reports. This comes after Nadiya has recently been linked to Strictly professional Kai Widdrington, with a first kiss in public confirming a possible romance last month, according to sources. The Strictly professional has flown back to Slovenia to be reunited with her family after a busy period on Strictly Come Dancing. A source told The Sun: "Nadiya has been away for months, but has missed her family desperately, especially her daughter. "After the tour she couldn’t wait to get back to them and see everyone. "It’s tricky for her to be with Kai. Everything back home is still as it was before. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death "Her mum lives with her ex-fiance in the same house and Nadiya still even drives his car. "As far as everyone is concerned in Slovenia, people think they’re still together." Last month, a source told the MailOnline that Nadiya had realised her long distance relationship with Matija was not working and that they would continue to co-parent their daughter. The insider revealed: "Nadiya and Matija haven't been together for some time now. "Matija is dedicated to his footballing career in Slovenia and Nadiya is predominantly based in London. "Performing on Strictly and the Strictly Live Tour takes up half her year, in the end the commitment to their jobs made it too difficult for the relationship to work." Express.co.uk have gone to Nadiya, Matija and Kai's representatives for comment, with no response as of yet. Following the end of her engagement, rumours spread that the Strictly professional had struck up a relationship with fellow professional Kai. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [OPINION] Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle [DEATH] Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy' [UPDATE] The pair were pictured kissing in a break from the Strictly tour, with rumours continuing to circulate about their relationship. Kai is not seen to be in Slovenia, but the pair will be spending time together in the coming weeks as they are both signed up for The Professionals UK tour. The 36-date show will start at the end of April, giving Nadiya time at home with her family. Nadiya recently took to Instagram to share a series of pictures with her daughter as they were reunited. The Strictly star was forced to be apart from Mila, five, while she toured the UK on the Strictly tour. Sharing a shot of herself snuggling with her rarely-seen little one as they enjoyed ice cream in the sun, she captioned the snaps: "You are my everything." Her former Strictly partner Dan Walker took to the comments, as he said: "Lovely picture partner. "We need to talk about that dessert! It looks amazing." The star also took to Instagram today to comment on Oti Mabuse's announcement that she would be leaving the show. Nadiya called Oti "a superstar", while also wishing the star "all the best".