Red Bull chief Christian Horner has warned Max Verstappen it won't just be Lewis Hamilton aiming to prevent successive world championship wins this year. Verstappen won his first title in 2021 in controversial circumstances on the final lap of the season in Abu Dhabi. Hamilton will be aiming for revenge this year and overtake Michael Schumacher as the most successful champion in the history of the sport in the process. Hamilton confirmed last week he will be racing for Mercedes this year after months of speculation over his future. The Brit has a new team-mate, with George Russell arriving from Williams and replacing Valtteri Bottas. Sergio Perez will be Verstappen's team-mate at Red Bull for a second year in a row. Mercedes beat Red Bull to the Constructors' Championship in 2021.  But Horner has warned Verstappen that Ferrari will also provide strong competition this season. The Italian team haven't won the Constructors' Championship since 2008 and haven't had a triumphant driver since Kimi Raikonnen a year earlier. But Horner is wary that Ferrari will come good again at some point. "They're the dark horse," Horner told talkSPORT.  "They've been a sleeping giant for a number of years now and you get the feeling they might be waking up. I wouldn't write them off." Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz will once again be driving for Ferrari this season. It will be Leclerc's fourth season driving for the team and Sainz's second. They finished seventh and fifth respectively in the driver's standings in 2021.  There has been hope that Ferrari can end their search for a world title this year. But team principal Mattia Binotto concedes they are in no way favourites to do so. "I don’t think we are the favourites on the contrary, I think we are not the world champions at the moment," Binotto told Canal+. "There are others who won the championship last year, both drivers and constructors, and those teams who fought last year for the best result were somehow very strong compared to us.  "They finished the season with a nice advantage. "It shows that they are very strong teams, and if they have been strong in the past, there is no reason why they shouldn’t be strong in the present or in the future, so I expect Mercedes and Red Bull to be the favourites again. "They are the favourites, they are the ones with the number one on the car and otherwise we can be challengers in a way." 