If your glass surfaces are constantly getting streaks and water marks, you probably aren’t cleaning them correctly. Glass needs to be cleaned carefully, with the right products, to get a spotless finish. Here’s the best way to clean glass.  As time goes by, any glass surfaces - windows, mirrors, drinking glasses - can become dull and marked by water or dust. This doesn’t mean your glass isn’t clean, but when it comes to making glass look shiny and spotless, your cleaning technique is everything. Water and some other substances can leave streaks on glass. The cloth you use can also affect the quality of your clean. Here’s everything you need to know for streak-free shining glass.  READ MORE: ‘Adds significant money’: Martin Roberts on how to boost home value A clean mirror not only shows a clearer reflection back at you, but can also make whichever room it’s in look bigger and brighter. To clean your mirror, start by removing any large pieces of debris with a tiny bit of surgical spirit (sometimes known as rubbing alcohol) on a cloth and sponging off the marks. Once any problem areas are taken care of, you can clean the rest of the mirror.  If you don’t have a specialist glass cleaner at home, you can make your own by making a half-and-half mix of white vinegar and water. Add your vinegar and water mix to a spray bottle and spritz the mirror with it. Then using a microfibre cloth - or, if you don’t have one, scrunched up newspaper - wipe the mirror down making an ‘S’ motion with your wiping. Check the mirror from a couple of different angles to check you haven’t missed a spot - the angle of your reflection can mean you can’t see any lingering bits of dust.  DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]How to wash your bed sheets - why you need to wash them every week [INSIGHT]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS] Water-marked wine glasses and stained drinking glasses often can’t be cleaned in a dishwasher, as they need special treatment. Cloudy glasses can be cleaned with warm vinegar. Just warm up the vinegar by submerging the bottle in hot water for a few minutes, then fill a washing up bowl with the vinegar.  Stand the glasses face down in the warm vinegar, and leave them there for up to an hour. When you return, you will see the cloudy film on the glasses has come loose. Gently scrub away this film with a sponge, and give your glasses a good rinse in hot water. To dry your glasses without leaving streaks or adding annoying bits of dust, use a lint-free towel like a microfibre cloth. 