Christians celebrate Easter as a time to reflect on the life, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. For those who aren’t religious, there is still plenty to be enjoyed about the Easter weekend, including time off from work and eating tasty hot cross buns. The date of Easter changes each year, here are the dates for Good Friday, Easter Sunday and Easter Monday 2022.  Easter is one of the most important dates in a Christian calendar, celebrating Jesus’ resurrection. For those who don’t celebrate Easter as a religious holiday, you still can enjoy a long bank holiday weekend, school holidays and lots of chocolate easter eggs. Easter can cause confusion as the date of the holiday changes each year, unlike set holidays like Christmas which always fall on the same date. So when is Easter Sunday in 2022? READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Aldi’s ‘amazing’ Garden Patio Heater is under £40  This year, Easter Sunday will fall on April 17, almost a fortnight later than in 2021, when it was 4 April. It means the Good Friday bank holiday will be on Friday, April 15, kicking off the long weekend. Easter Monday will be on April 18, the last day of the Easter bank holiday. There are even more bank holidays than usual in 2022; thanks to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, Britons have an extra Bank Holiday weekend - a four day weekend in the first week of June.  Most schools will break for Easter Holidays from Monday, April 4, and reopen from Tuesday, April 19, but some schools may differ. The Jewish festival of Passover also begins on Friday, April 15 in 2022. Easter is celebrated after the first full moon following the Spring Equinox. DON'T MISS:New Year’s Day opening times: Tesco, Asda and Morrisons opening hours [UPDATE]Cancer January 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for Cancer  [INSIGHT]When is Chinese New Year 2022? Key dates you need to know [EXPLAINED]  The Spring Equinox, also known as the March Equinox, is when the Sun crosses the celestial equator from south to north. It always falls within the dates of March 22 and April 25. The method for deciding which day Easter Sunday falls on was decided by the Council of Nicea in AD 325. However, different churches use different dates, as Europe now uses the Gregorian calendar, whereas Eastern Churches (including Greek and Slavic) and Oriental Churches (such as Syrian, Armenian, Coptic, Egyptian and Ethiopian) use the Julian calendar.   Most Christians celebrate Easter by attending special church services. Easter is a time when Christians remember the sacrifice of Jesus for our sins, and it’s a time to be reminded of Jesus’ teachings and the miraculous events in his life. Many Christians also observe Lent - the period of 40 days from Shrove Tuesday to Easter Sunday - by giving up something, so on Easter Sunday they can tuck into whatever they’ve been missing. Traditional Easter foods include hot cross buns, roast lamb and easter eggs, but these don’t have a religious significance, aside from the addition of the cross to a hot cross bun to symbolise the crucifix Jesus died on. 