The outside of a property is just as important as the inside because it is the first thing a potential buyer will see. According to experts at Atlas Ceramics, there are different ways to improve the outside appearance of a home, which can also add value to it. The experts said: “Give your front door a new lease of life. Your front door will be a huge focal point for your property, so if it’s not looking its best, it will be easily noticeable. “You don’t have to go as far as buying a whole new door. You can simply paint it a new colour, such as sunny yellow or trendy olive green. “Even just giving it a clean with a specialist door product will make the world of difference, or adding a statement door knocker. Don’t forget to give your postbox and house number a polish.” For anyone who has a porch space, the experts recommended adding some fresh tiles to “liven” it up. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours They said: “Victorian tiles are popular for this type of project, as they are often associated with grandeur and look expensive, but can work in small spaces. “You could go for a simple square pattern or even an octagon shape.” Adding some fresh plants to the front garden or porch area can also brighten up the outside space. According to the experts, this will make the home look much more “inviting” with some bright pops of colour. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading [INSIGHT]Common mistakes DIYers make when painting - and how to avoid them [COMMENT]Warning signs your houseplants are suffering - and how to save them [EXPERT] Atlas Ceramics added that it is also an “inexpensive” way to improve the home’s kerb appeal. They added: “You don’t have to go all out, even just a few pots of flowers by the front step or a hanging basket will do the trick.” Cleaning windows can also make a huge impact on the look of a home. The experts recommended using a toothbrush to make sure all the crevices are clean, or perhaps even employing a local window cleaner to keep the glass looking fresh. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homeowners should also make sure to fix any broken gates or fences to keep the property looking well maintained. Atlas Ceramics said: “If a viewer has to use a gate to get into your property and it’s looking shabby, it doesn’t create a good impression. “Spend some time at the weekend fixing broken fences and gates and giving them a lick of paint if they need it.” For those with a driveway, making sure it is clean will “make a world of difference” according to the experts. They said: “You can also pull out any weeds, sweep leaves and dirt away from any decking, and give overgrown bushes a trim. “A well cared for exterior makes buyers believe the interior will be the same. “You can use a specialist cleaner to make a big difference on the outcome.” What’s more, having a well maintained exterior can also add value to the property price. It could also mean the home sells quicker and attracts more buyers.