Manchester United have the chance to kickstart their next chapter by listening to Donny van de Beek’s transfer hint. The Red Devils have endured a challenging campaign, which has left them in a major fight to finish in the top four, as well as being knocked out of the Carabao Cup and FA Cup. One of the hot topics of the first half of the season was the status of Van de Beek, who was seemingly shunned by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Dutch midfielder had moved to Old Trafford for £40million ahead of the 2020/2021 campaign, but struggled to break into Solskjaer’s plans. The snubbing continued even after Solskjaer was sacked, with Van de Beek not starting a Premier League game under his interim replacement Ralf Rangnick. As a result of his lack of game-time, Van de Beek was allowed to join Everton on loan in the January transfer window. In much the same was as Jesse Lingard was revitalised at West Ham last season, Van de Beek has found a new lease of life at Goodison Park. JUST IN: Man Utd's Rashford in biggest challenge of career amid Elanga threat So much so that he has even hinted that he would open to joining the Toffees on a permanent basis when his loan deal comes to an end. “I always try my best and it feels good when you know the supporters are behind you,” he told Everton’s club website. “I have followed the club since Ronald Koeman was manager. I know a lot about Everton and the big fanbase and the expectation and I will give everything for this huge club. “For my motivation every day, I remember where I started. I always think about this – and always believe there is another way to go up again. DON'T MIND: Man Utd: Keane names three reasons why Simeone should take job (INSIGHT)Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s take on Anthony Elanga after Man Utd heroics (ANALYSIS)Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone makes complaint after Man Utd draw (NEWS) “I believe in my qualities and know what I can do. I have all the time to do it again and it is up to me to show it.” The hint that he can continue to excel at Everton, could also present an opportunity for his parent club. The Red Devils are in desperate need of a squad overhaul and will need to be ruthless if they are to improve the club’s fortunes. Allowing Van de Beek to make his switch to Goodison Park a permanent one would be the perfect way for that to start. While they will not be able to recoup the full fee they paid Ajax for him, a sizeable fee could come in. Van de Beek was clearly unfancied by Solskjaer and Rangnick, and it would be hard to see that changing under a new manager. With the Dutchman having expressed his delight at being at Everton so publicly, it was also a hint to United. That hint gives the Red Devils a huge chance to finally begin overhauling their squad, especially as Van de Beek could help to push the move through.