According to recent data, four in five staycationers are planning to drive to their summer holiday destination or go on camping or caravan trips. But how should Britons get road trip ready? Car insurance company MORE THAN recommended increased awareness on the road and warned of the importance of being prepared for long journeys as staycations are set to boom in the next months. Edd Barclay, Motor Product Manager at MORE THAN, explained: “With the school summer holidays just around the corner, Britain’s roads are likely to get a lot busier, so it’s crucial that drivers feel comfortable about getting back in the driving seat. "It’s particularly important that those lacking long-distance driving experience get up to speed with recommended pre-trip checks, for the safety of everyone.” The company created the essential road trip checklist, providing drivers with expert tips on how they can get road-trip-ready whether they are driving a car, caravan or motorhome. READ MORE: Ryanair suspends all flights in and out of Ukraine   Edd said: "The more space you save, the more gear you can carry comfortably. "Here, you should use soft luggage instead of hard suitcases to save space or borrow/buy a roof box – the ultimate space-saving item. "Putting heavy stuff towards the middle of the boot also keeps the weight central to aid cornering and remember to put things you use the most in an easy to get to place – so you don’t have to unpack the car to get your wallet!"  The expert advised: "The last thing you want on a road trip is a breakdown, especially if the source could have been identified with a quick preliminary check. "Before you set off, check the tread depth of your tyres. "It’s also important to check you have the right amount of oil, and that all lights, windscreen wipers and indicators are working properly. "If you have any doubt, taking your car for a service at a nearby garage will ensure your car is all set for a long-distance drive." Edd said to avoid being caught out by unforeseen incidents, "make sure your car is equipped" with a few essential items. Those are a torch, a spare tyre and jack, spare headlight bulbs, jump leads, an empty fuel can and a warning triangle. "This will help ensure that, if you do breakdown, that you have the essentials to tide you over. "It’s also important to familiarise yourself with your emergency breakdown cover so you know who you can call to get you out of those trickier situations," he said. The road trip expert recommended "setting the temperature and having a playlist or audiobook set up pre-road trip". This is to will help minimise in-car distractions along the way. He added: "Additionally, while many of us rely on Satnavs for directions, taking the time to study the route you are taking and familiarising yourself with the different turns and types of road you’ll be taking will help ease any concerns about the route."