Lorraine plays mother of six Karen Taylor, who, in true Eastenders, fashion keeps Albert Square busy with her family drama. However, her nest will be a bit emptier as her on-screen son of five years, Keegan Baker (played by Zack Morris), is leaving the Square so the actor can pursue other projects. The news broke last week of the star's departure, which follows on from his on-screen wife Tiffany Butcher (Maisie Smith), who left last year. 23-year-old Zack has reportedly filmed his last scenes already and his co-stars are already missing him. Lorraine shared a prideful message on social media, showing their chemistry and strong relationship isn't restricted just to the TV screen. Sharing with her 153 000 Instagram followers, the star posted a series of images with the pair beaming from ear to ear, highlighting their family-type bond. Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist?   She said: "Well it's been an absolute honour to play your Mum @_zack_morris you are a little gem!! "Your passion and commitment to the craft is just so impressive! I've laughed so much working with you & the whole Taylor/Baker famalam, memories I will cherish forever! "You are sooooo Talented, you're generous,kind,professional,real,the list goes on…Go shine like the star you are [star emoji] I love you Son!! (Mummy 2) xxxxx." Stepping away from her usual hair scraped back into a bun Walford look, the actress had her long blonde hair down for the celebration as Zack smiled in the photos hugging her. Feeling the love, Zack commented on the post to return the sentiment. "This brought a tear to my eye and warmed my heart at the same time," he said. "Love you too Lou, so much! I really couldn't of asked for a better on screen mum. You've been nothing but a blessing X." Veteran fans also added comments to say how the young actor will be missed. DON’T MISS…Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch [LATEST]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap after almost 20 years [SPOILERS]Call The Midwife's Doctor Turner admits falling 'madly in love' with BBC co-star wife [LATEST]  Ayse Leyla Morris declared: "@_zack_morris you will be missed so much, all the best and hope to see you return sometime." The show recently released a statement where the actor spoke fondly about his time on the show and explained he needed a break. Zack said: "After five beautiful years on this incredible show, I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. "This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart. The cast and crew of this show deserve every accolade that comes their way.   "The hard work, love and dedication that goes into making four episodes a week is immense and it's not to be taken lightly. "This show has given me so much, not just as an actor but as a man. These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life." Despite only leaving a few months ago, Tiffany is to return later in the year for a one-off special, which begs the question, is she returning with hopes of convincing her ex to go away with her? Tiffany left Walford in December 2021 after her marriage to Keegan started to break down.   