Denise van Outen's ex-fiancé Eddie Boxshall has taken to Instagram where he posted a cryptic snap about "ego destroying a relationship". The former Celebrity Gogglebox star and his girlfriend-of-eight-years Denise split at the start of the year and have seemingly removed all traces of each other from their social media. Taking to his stories today, Eddie shared an interesting relationship insight with his 66,000 followers. The picture featured a quote, which read: "'EGO' is the only requirement to destroy any relationship so be the bigger person skip the 'E' and let it 'GO'." In early January, Denise shocked fans after revealing that she and Eddie had split. Weeks after the announcement, a source claimed that Denise "won't let" her ex back in the house, forcing Channel 4 bosses to search for a replacement to sit next to her to film Celebrity Gogglebox. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years They told The Sun: "They were already signed up to the next round of filming when Denise dumped Eddie and she wants to honour the commitment. "But she won’t be having Eddie back in the house, let alone on her sofa, so she is looking for a friend to come on board. "Ideally, it would be Kimberley Walsh as they’re good pals and Kimberley has been on Gogglebox before," they added. Announcing the split, Denise posted a black and white photo of herself walking her dogs on a beach to announce the news. She wrote: "Over the past couple of months, there has been much speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie. "It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple. "I had to make the difficult decision not to continue in our relationship," she added. She went on: "I will always treasure the good times we spent together, and the memories made. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson supported by fans over family member's health emergency [INSIGHT]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [ANALYSIS]Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [UPDATE] "We ask that you please respect our privacy at this time, especially for our children," she wrote. The star's post was liked by over 66,000 Instagram users, but Denise blocked people from commenting. Eddie also appeared to have his say on the split, posting a cryptic message in view of fans. He shared a quote which read: "When everything is uncertain, everything that is important becomes clear." Eddie and Denise first met in 2014 after going on a blind date which had been set up by a mutual friend. The pair regularly appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox and were praised by viewers for their chemistry and banter. In a recent interview before their split, she said she was in no rush to marry Eddie after their long-term engagement. Denise previously ruled out having children with Eddie, as she already has daughter Betsy from her marriage to ex-husband, Lee Mead.