Manchester United have confirmed they have cut ties with Russian airline Aeroflot as they released a statement on Friday after facing pressure to break their silence. As Russia invade Ukraine, United have been directly impacted, with Aeroflot banned from trading in the United Kingdom. On the first day of Russia's full-scale attack on their neighbouring country, 137 Ukrainians were reported dead, whilst Kyiv, the capital, was targeted by rocket strikes overnight. And amid the ongoing violence, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson held an emergency press conference to address the worrying situation. He has banned certain Russian companies, including Gazprom and Aeroflot, from trading in the nation. His decision could see United lose a significant sum from their deal, worth in excess of £8million-per-season. JUST IN: Man Utd can kickstart next chapter by listening to Van de Beek’s hint  The Red Devils initially remained silent on the situation amid reports they are planning to end the sponsorship on their own accord. On Friday, a season ticket holder wrote to the club seeking clarification on the situation, and Manchester Evening News journalist Samuel Luckhurst has shared the response. It read: "Thank you for your email regarding the club's partnership with Aeroflot. "Our commercial partnership agreements are between Manchester United and the brands involved, not with any individual owner or related parties. READ MORE: Newcastle 'lead Manchester United and Real Madrid' for Serie A star  "In relation to the specific situation referred to in your email, we hope you can understand that, as a football club with fans from many countries and cultures, Manchester United does not take positions on geographical issues. "Your comments have been noted and on to the relevant person." However, the club have now commented on their association with Aeroflot, with a spokesperson saying today: “In light of events in Ukraine, we have withdrawn Aeroflot’s sponsorship rights. We share the concerns of our fans around the world and extend our sympathies to those affected.” New United chief executive Richard Arnold was pictured alongside Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Saveliev at the announcement when United signed a deal with the airline in 2013. It was renewed two years later in an extension worth £29.9m and was initially set to expire in 2023, although that date is now expected to be brought forward. Aeroflot is named the 'official carrier of Manchester United' and listed as a 'global partner' on the club website - though they could now be taken off after United withdrew their sponsorship rights. United, however, also didn't use the airline to travel to Atletico Madrid for Wednesday's Champions League last-16 clash. Russian gas giant Gazprom has also been hit hard, with UEFA announcing the 2022 Champions League final will now be played at the Stade de France in Paris. It was initially scheduled for the Gazprom Arena in St. Petersburg. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.