According to flight attendant Miguel Muñoz there is one thing elderly passengers "can get for free". Cabin crew member Miguel Muñoz advised senior travellers to always ask for assistance onboard the plane. He said: "It's easy, elderly passengers should always ask for help when needed." To avoid injuries, he explained they can ask the flight attendant to give them a hand. "We always say, if you can't lift your suitcase, what makes you think a flight attendant can? READ MORE: British expats: Cheapest countries in the world named  "If a passenger's luggage is too heavy, and they think they won't be able to carry it, they should always check it in." However, elderly people, as well as pregnant women or passengers who require special assistance, are always welcome to ask for help, even if it is with small bags. "Don’t be afraid to ask attendants for help," he said. Miguel revealed one thing only elderly travellers can get for free, and many are unaware of this.  He said: "You can ask for a glass of water if you need to take medication, don't be afraid!" Many airlines, especially low-cost carriers, don't offer any complimentary water and only sell small bottles. However, according to the cabin crew, passengers who need a glass of water to take any kind of medication, just need to ask for one. "That's the only thing they can get for free," he said. If travellers are not feeling well, Miguel said they should press the call button above their head straight away. He explained: "That's what it is for! Not to ask for another gin and tonic, but to let us know when you feel unwell." When travelling, passengers often have to walk long distances at airports, which can be exhausting for many. The flight attendant recommended requesting special assistance before the trip. Special assistance is always available at any airport and can make a passenger's travel experience much more pleasant. Travellers can go to the assistance point which is usually located inside of the terminal. Passengers may also feel more tired on board a plane as flying at 30,000 feet through the skies negatively affects the human body. That's why elderly travellers are advised to skip alcohol when flying and opt for water as high altitudes are extremely dehydrating for the body.