Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin have left many British gardens in a state of disrepair. Broken pots, dishevelled sheds, drooping plants and unstable trees are just some of the issues facing gardeners in the run up to spring. However, one problem that many Britons may not have considered is a waterlogged lawn. Google searches for “how to drain a waterlogged lawn” have risen by a staggering 160 percent in the last seven days thanks to the UK’s stormy weather. With this in mind, paving and patio experts at Infinite Paving have shared their tips on draining “waterlogged” lawns. Rowan Cripps for Infinite Paving said: “Waterlogging is when your garden lawn does not drain at all, which results in water laying on the surface after a period of heavy rain. “Puddles in themselves may not seem like a big deal in your garden, and they are somewhat expected in the UK, however, they can cause other complications, such as soil compaction.” READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda Garden lawns that remain waterlogged for a long period of time, can end up with problems later on down the line. Mr Cripps added: “Firstly, a wet lawn provides the perfect growing conditions for algae and lichen. “Secondly, your grass can actually drown due to the fact that water prevents air from getting to the roots, which eventually leads to moss taking over due to the damp conditions.” Tips to combat a waterlogged lawn: Walking across the lawn will actually compact the soil even more underneath your feet.  DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [UPDATE]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [ANALYSIS] Or, due to the wetness, it could dig up the grass underneath and cause even more damage. Let most of the water evaporate Allowing the water to evaporate will ensure the soil underneath is more visible. Once the water has evaporated, gardeners can then assess what the damage is and what needs to be done next. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Alternatively, excess water can be swept off the grass with a brush to other corners of the garden. After the water has been swept off, lay planks or boards down on the lawn so gardeners can walk across it without compacting the soil or causing more damage. Using a garden fork, gardens can create holes in the lawn to allow the water to drain. Do this by walking along the boards that have been put down, spiking the grass at regular intervals. The holes should be around 10 to 15cm deep so the water can fully drain.  Once the lawn has been spiked, the experts suggest using a hollow tine aerator to remove plugs of soil. If there’s still water on the lawn, despite following the previous tips, bark chippings should help to absorb any remaining moisture Bark chippings are not only great at retaining moisture but also prevent weed growth and help insulate the beds during cold weather. A top dressing of horticultural sand or compost can also be added to absorb extra moisture and build up a healthier lawn.