TV legend Sylvie Gatrill died over the weekend, according to reports. Following her death, tributes have been flooding in for the talented actress, who starred in programmes such as Brookside, The Responder and Bread. The Liverpool Echo reports that the casting agent had been suffering from cancer. Sylvie had been filming fantasy film Wings just before her death, which is meant to be released this year. Following the sad news, the writer of the Liverpool-based drama The Responder, Tony Schumacher, paid tribute to the talent star. He wrote: "So sorry to hear of the passing of the quite brilliant Sylvie Gatrill. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning  "Such a talented actress who was so important in helping set the tone of The Responder. "My thoughts are with her family," he added. Sylvie played several notable roles during her acting career. She played the role of Mrs Cullen in Bread, as well as appearing in Brookside as Lesley Donnelly. In The League of Gentlemen, she had the role of lap dancer Queenie. Recently, Sylvie starred in the acclaimed TV drama Little Boy Blue, as well as BBC One hit, The Responder, starring Martin Freeman. Following news of her death, tributes soon came flooding in to commemorate the star. Paul Carmichael said: "Utterly shocked to read that Sylvie Gatrill has passed on. DON'T MISS... Fuming Piers Morgan slams 'terrible' Arsenal call to axe Aubameyang [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [PICS]Chemmy Alcott shares why she's 'proud' of her horror ski injuries [ANALYSIS] "Running in to her on Hope Street was always an absolute pleasure. " A true legend and I consider myself blessed to have known her. RIP," he added Outside of her acting career, Sylvie ran talent agency Allstars Casting, representing actors from Liverpool. One of the agency's performers, AJ Jones, paid tribute to Sylvie, writing: "Such a special lady. "Taught so many kids from our city at her agency, Allstars. "Helped us get our first credits and trained us for professional life. "Her legacy will live on through all of us she inspired and taught! "A true Liverpool Legend! RIP Sylv," they ended the post.