ITV's newest singing competition, Starstruck, sees members of the public get the ultimate makeover into their music idols. The show is presented by Olly Murs and the star-studded judging panel includes comedian Jason Manford, soul singer Beverley Knight, actress Sheridan Smith and American singer Adam Lambert. Ahead of the show airing, Adam revealed why he was "surprised" after meeting the rest of the panel. Each week, four teams consisting of three singers each go up against each other after getting transformed into some of the biggest names in music. To date, contestants have performed as Freddie Mercury, Lady Gaga, Ariana Grande and Michael Buble. The judges give their feedback following the impersonators' performances and the audience votes on who they want to save. The winning trio sings again and then one impersonator makes it through to the final which will be aired at a later date. READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' Adam and Olly recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about their experiences working with each other and the rest of the judging panel. Adam, 40, revealed he and Olly had shared a few tweets in the past and found it "funny" as they both shot to frame in 2009. That year Adam came runner up on the eighth season of the American talent show and Olly was also the runner up on The X Factor. The pair have both gone on to release their own music and Adam is now the lead vocalist for Queen + Adam Lambert, and Olly has been a judge on The Voice.   Reflecting on their careers, Adam remarked: "We kind of had parallel journeys." When they were asked if they met the other Starstruck judges ahead of filming for the ITV show, Olly explained: "We all met in London and had a drink with all the team together and that was very nice as not all the shows do that and it meant a lot actually." Adam chimed in: "I'd met Beverley in passing once as well and it was actually the first time meeting Jason and the first time meeting Sheridan. "You know what, it was instant chemistry and I am not just being politically correct, it really was the case.  DON'T MISS...Brian May on what Freddie Mercury would think of Adam Lambert [LATEST]Jason Manford blames cruel Starstruck 'miming' accusations on editing [MUST SEE]Beverley Knight and Jason Manford detail difficulties of being judges [EXCLUSIVE] "I was pleasantly surprised by that because I have done jobs before where you have to be professional and get on as best you can with people as there are all sorts of personalities." The singer said the ITV team had "really nailed it" by putting people together who "really cared about what we were making". However, Adam admitted he had "butterflies" at the start of filming as he hoped everything would run smoothly. "I think everybody up there is pretty professional though," he smiled.  Talking about what he judged the contestants on throughout the series, Adam explained: "You can be talented and sound and look like someone, but do you feel that person? "There's that extra thing you need to put your finger on, it's that star quality thing where it's that extra embodiment which gives off that superstardom." The winner of Starstruck will receive a staggering cash prize of £50,000. Starstruck continues Saturday at 8.30pm on ITV and episodes can also be watched on ITV Hub. 