Charlene White, 41, has shared her heartbreak as she said that "life is terribly unfair" in an emotional tribute. It comes after her friend and Loose Women co-star Brenda Edwards' son Jamal Edwards has died at the age of 31. The SBTV founder, who was awarded an MBE in the New Years Honours list in 2014 for his work in music and business, has died unexpectedly after a short illness is mum Brenda Edwards confirmed in a statement to Good Morning Britain. She said: “It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. Myself, his sister Tanish and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.” She continued: "As we come to terms with his passing, we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. "Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PHD." READ MORE: Denise Welch leads tributes to Jamal Edwards as music mogul dies at 31 Following the sad news, Charlene has taken to Twitter and shared a tearful post, in view of her 56,500 followers. Sharing a candid snap of Jamal, the Loose Women presenter admitted she was heartbroken by the tragic news. She began: "Your light shone so brightly that it touched so many of us, impacted the lives of many more, and changed the game forever.  "And, you are my Brenda’s son. There are no words to describe her heartbreak, our heartbreak, now that your light has gone." Charlene finished: "Sometimes life is terribly unfair." British entrepreneur and YouTube star Jamal Edwards' death was confirmed to the BBC. He was the founder of SBTV, an online urban music platform that helped launch the careers of artists like Dave, Ed Sheeran and Skepta.  He attended the Brit Awards earlier this month and was understood to have performed as a DJ at a gig in north London on Saturday night. No details have been released about his death, other than it happened on Sunday morning. Jamal became a pioneering figure in British rap and grime music. He also became an ambassador for the Prince's Trust, a youth charity run by the Prince of Wales which helps young people set up their own companies. DON'T MISS... Cillian Murphy fumes at fans taking photos of him without asking[LATEST]Helen Mirren shares 'secret' to marriage is spending it apart[ADMISSION]A Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe on show downsides 'Sad'[EXCLUSIVE]   The music mogul made an appearance alongside his mum Brenda on an episode of Loose Women last year where he opened up about building a multi-million-pound business. Charlene paid a gushing tribute to Jamal adding that he was a huge "inspiration" to the broadcaster. She began: "SBTV was launched back in 2006 and I was working at Radio 1 and 1Xtra. You were the biggest inspiration to so many of us because you were a guy who believed in what you were trying to sell. "You knew there was a market for [grime music] and you didn't care about the naysayers. "You just did it. And to so many people that I worked alongside - for me to be on the panel and sat with your mum is huge to me. To be sat on the panel with you is massive. "Because you've impacted the lives of so many, I would say a lot of black men. To believe that they can do what they want to do irrespective of the people that they have to deal with." She added: "Because you are dealing with the high echelons of society in your work. But do you get the impact you have had on so many young kids up and down the country?" Jamal shook his head, before adding: "I do but I have imposter syndrome sometimes. I feel like I've done a lot but there is still a lot more that I can do. "The people that are around me also help me. It's not always me, it's down to the team." 