Putin has commanded the Russian army invade Ukraine, with the latest update showing they have captured the southeastern Ukrainian city of Melitopol, according to Russia's defence ministry. Moscow has launched coordinated missile and artillery attacks on several cities including the capital - Kyiv. Now the West is fighting back, banning Russia from events and financial obligations. Eurovision Perhaps the most far-removed event from conflict, the Eurovision Song Contest takes place every year - celebrating musical talent from across the globe. Catchy songs, colourful outfits and a general attitude of "anything goes" have made Eurovision one of the most popular singing competitions in the world. Now Russia has been told it can no longer compete in the 2022 competition, as organisers have said it could “bring the competition into disrepute". Read More: Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia The European Broadcasting Union said: “The decision reflects concern that, in light of the unprecedented crisis in Ukraine, the inclusion of a Russian entry in this year’s contest would bring the competition into disrepute. “Before making this decision the EBU took time to consult widely among its membership. The EBU is an apolitical member organisation of broadcasters committed to upholding the values of public service. “We remain dedicated to protecting the values of a cultural competition which promotes international exchange and understanding, brings audiences together, celebrates diversity through music and unites Europe on one stage.” The Eurovision Song Contest is due to take place in Turin, Italy on May 14, 2022. Facebook ads Social media giant Facebook has limited Russian state media from running adverts or publishing any content which could earn it money. Nathaniel Gleicher, Facebook's security policy head, said on Twitter on Friday: “We are now prohibiting Russian state media from running ads or monetising on our platform anywhere in the world." He added Facebook would “continue to apply labels to additional Russian state media”. These labels flag to users where content has come from and warn of potential misinformation. Social media can often be a dangerous element in conflict, with the ability to spread misinformation rapidly. Meta - Facebook's parent company - are closely monitoring the situation in Russia. Meta’s Nick Clegg said in a statement: "Russian authorities ordered us to stop the independent fact-checking and labelling of content posted on Facebook by four Russian state-owned media organisations. We refused." Sponsoring Manchester United In the wake of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Manchester United have ended their £40 million sponsorship with Russian airline Aeroflot. Sanctions imposed by Prime Minister Boris Johnson mean Russian sponsors are now banned within the UK. A club statement read: “In light of events in Ukraine, we have withdrawn Aeroflot’s sponsorship rights. "We share the concerns of our fans around the world and extend our sympathies to those affected.” Sweden and the Czech Republic have also called for their qualifying matches against Russia to be moved out of the country. Aeroflot had sponsored Man United since 2013, and the deal had been renewed for £40 million in 2017 - due to run to summer 2023. Champions League Final and hosting football matches The 2022 Champions League Final was slated to take place on May 28 in St Petersburg but has now been relocated to Paris. UEFA has banned Russian and Ukrainian clubs from hosting any matches going forwards. Also at risk is Chelsea’s Russian owner Roman Abramovich, who could be banned from owning the club, or prevented from living in the UK. Russian Grand Prix Formula 1 has cancelled the 2022 Russian Grand Prix, which was due to be held in Sochi in September. A statement from F1 Media read said it was "impossible to hold the Russian GP in the current circumstances". World Cup The 2022 World Cup qualifying is due to kick off in March, however Russia's participation is being questioned globally. The Polish national team are refusing to play in their scheduled playoff against Russia next month. The president of Poland’s Football Association, Cezary Kulesza announced the move on Saturday, supported by the team's players - including forward and Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowski. Lewandowski tweeted: “It is the right decision! I can’t imagine playing a match with the Russian National Team in a situation when armed aggression in Ukraine continues. "Russian footballers and fans are not responsible for this, but we can’t pretend that nothing is happening.” As yet there has been no statement from FIFA on whether Russia will be removed from the competition - however calls are ramping up as the conflict continues. Other sporting events The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has told International Federations (IFs) to relocate any upcoming events which are due to be held in Russia or Belarus. They have also called for Russian and Belarusian flags to be banned from any future events. The Russian anthem and flag are already prohibited at events like the Olympics, Paralympics and any World Championship organised by a World Anti-Doping Code due to sanctions around Russia's cover-up of a state-sponsored doping programme. SWIFT Banking system SWIFT is continually being discussed as a means to impose further sanctions on Russia. A decision to cut Russia off from the global SWIFT payment system is due to be taken in a matter of days. Banning Russia from the global SWIFT payment system would hit Russian trade and make it harder for Russian companies to do business. SWIFT is a secure messaging system that facilitates rapid cross-border payments and is the principal mechanism for financing international trade.