 Emmerdale fans have been keeping a watchful eye on Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) in recent weeks, ever since she received a letter from her abusive ex-husband Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather). Pierce sent the message from prison and explained that he was dying. Shortly afterwards, Pierce’s son Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey) arrived in the village. However, Rhona has kept all of this to herself and hasn’t spoken about it with her partner Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock). According to official ITV soap spoilers, Marlon will soon uncover the truth, but how will he react?    So far, Rhona has felt unable to confide in Marlon about what has been going on and has instead been keeping the secret between herself and Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick). However, she may soon regret keeping the truth from Marlon as their relationship could take a hit when he finds out. In upcoming scenes, now that she’s found out Pierce has died in prison, Rhona suspects time is running out to tell Marlon the truth about Marcus’s true identity. Matters are soon complicated when Marcus informs Rhona she’s been named in Pierce’s will. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?  When Kim Tate (Claire King) stops by to speak with Rhona, she discovers the truth about Marcus’s identity. Recalling her unpleasant history with Pierce, who killed her ex-husband, Claire is left feeling rattled. Rhona does her best to explain everything about Pierce and Marcus, but Kim can’t believe what she’s hearing. Just as Kim storms off, a confused Marlon appears only catching the tail-end of the confrontation.   Rhona realises she can’t keep secrets any longer and finally comes clean, leaving Marlon stunned. After hearing what Rhona had to say, Marlon leaves, explaining that he needs time to digest the information that he's just heard. Devastated by Marlon’s reaction, Rhona fears for the future of their relationship. The next day, Marlon opens up to Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) confessing he’s unsure if he’ll ever be able to forgive Rhona for keeping such a big secret from him. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Meena Jutla escapes prison with help from villager? [THEORY]GMB fury: Richard Madeley hit with Ofcom complaints [MUST SEE]Taskmaster star Sarah Kendall recalls ‘standout cringe moment’ [EXCLUSIVE]  When Marlon and Rhona next cross paths, the couple find themselves clashing in a war of words. In a fit of anger, Rhona insults Marlon’s ego and accuses him of victim shaming her, leaving him feeling hurt. Watching the row unfold, Marcus pleads with Marlon to not take his anger over Pierce out on Rhona. Marcus’ words seem to have an impact on Marlon, but will he want to reconcile?    Desperate to win Marlon back and make things right between them, Rhona decides to make a romantic gesture by proposing. But, how will Marlon react to his girlfriend making such a bold declaration of love? Marlon could struggle to forgive Rhona for keeping secrets from him for so long. He may also be wracked with concerns that Rhona may be proposing for the wrong reasons, just to win him back. Taking recent events into consideration, Marlon will have to decide what’s best for him and his family. Could he end up rejecting Rhona and breaking things off for good? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 