Nick Kyrgios has revealed his past struggles with mental health and drug and alcohol abuse in a heartbreaking statement on social media. The Australian tennis star is infamous for his charismatic on-court persona, but has opened up about a tough battle away from the sport over the past few years. Kyrgios enjoyed a successful home tournament at the Australian Open to start his 2022 season with a bang. The 26-year-old exited the singles bracket at the second-round stage, losing to top seed Daniil Medvedev. However, he partnered with Thanasi Kokkinakis in the doubles and defeated the world number one team, as well as the third and sixth seeds, en route to a historic victory. After beating Matthew Ebden and Max Purcell in straight-sets, Kyrgios and Kokkinakis became the first all-Australian men's doubles champions at the Australian Open since 1997. JUST IN: Djokovic gives verdict on Zverev after appalling Mexico Open conduct But in the aftermath of the celebrations about his first career Grand Slam title, Kyrgios has published a shocking, tear-jerking statement on social media. On Thursday morning, Kyrgios took to Instagram with a revelation of his past troubles with mental health and self-harm. He wrote: "This was me three years ago at the Australian Open. Most would assume I was doing OK mentally or enjoying my life… it was one of my darkest periods. "If you look closely, on my right arm, you can see my self harm. I was having suicidal thoughts and was literally struggling to get out of bed, let alone play in front of millions. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu stalker given five-year restraining order "I was lonely, depressed, negative, abusing alcohol, drugs, pushed away family and friends. I felt as if I couldn't talk to or trust anyone. "This was a result of not opening up and refusing to lean on my loved ones and simply just pushing myself little by little to be positive. I know that day to day life can seem extremely exhausting, impossible at times. "I understand that you feel if you open up, it may make you feel weak or scared. I'm telling you right now, it's OK. You are not alone. "I've been through those times when it seemed as if those positive, energetic vibes were never ever going to be reality. "Please, don't feel as if you are alone. If you feel as if you can't talk to anyone, I'm here. Reach out. "I'm proud to say I've completely turned myself around and have a completely different outlook on everything. "I don't take one moment for granted. I want you to be able to reach your full potential and smile. This life is beautiful." For support on dealing with self-harm, please visit mind.org.uk/selfharm or call Mind's confidential Infoline on 0300 123 3393.