Manchester United icon Sir Alex Ferguson has made a huge prediction ahead of the Red Devils’ Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid. Ralf Rangnick’s side travel to Spain for the first leg of their last-16 tie on Wednesday evening.   United face a tough clash against the reigning LaLiga champions but are one of the most in-form teams in Europe. The Red Devils defeated bitter rivals Leeds 4-2 at the weekend and have lost just two of their last 17 games across all competitions. And legendary former boss Ferguson is confident ahead of the game at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. The Scot is the last United manager to win the Champions League. The Old Trafford outfit last lifted the trophy in 2008 after winning an all-Premier League final against Chelsea. JUST IN: Liverpool ‘interested’ in £75m ace to succeed Roberto Firmino There was also the famous 1998/99 Champions League-winning campaign, which made up part of the club’s treble that season. Ferguson has joked that United will win 5-0 in their first leg tie and put one foot in the quarter-final. He makes his prediction in a video shared to Twitter by user @Ha11der. In the clip, Ferguson is sat in the back of a car alongside fellow United hero Bryan Robson and winds down his window to speak to fans. “What are your predictions, 2-0, 3-0?” one supporter asked the former United boss. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Ferguson quipped back: “I’ll settle for 5!” Atletico boss Diego Simeone has insisted he is well aware of the threat United pose. The Argentine believes the Old Trafford outfit are one of the world’s best sides. "We're facing one of the best teams in the world in the last 14 games, if I'm not mistaken," Simeone said ahead of the game. "They've just lost [two] with the new manager Ralf Rangnick. It's given the team solidity, teamwork, commitment.   DON'T MISS...Alexander Isak’s stance on Arsenal move with Barcelona also keenChelsea given Club World Cup badge honour Liverpool and Man Utd deniedArteta guarantees Wilshere's eventual Arsenal return - but in new role "We can see what Manchester United was always like. They've evolved since the new manager arrived, they're already fourth in the league. "It's an intense, dynamic team, very brave, with very good forwards, very good footballers overall and who try to make a huge effort to try and unite the huge talents they have in 11 players. "It's going to be a very difficult game, as every Champions League game is. “But we have a lot of anticipation to play in our stadium in front of our fans and we're lucky to play the last 16 at home because we couldn't play that, we couldn't do that last year."   