Peaky Blinders returned for its sixth and final season on Sunday night and sent fans into a frenzy on social media as they praised the return of the BBC drama series. The series picked up straight from season five after Tommy Shelby's (Cillian Murphy) foiled plan to assassinate Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin). The final season promises the return of almost all major Peaky Blinders stars. However, with this being the final series, could this mean Tommy Shelby's days are finally up as he hints at imminent death? As the final season of Peaky Blinders kicked off, fans were shown an array of dramas just one episode in. Tommy Shelby was seen talking to second Lizzie Stark (Natasha O'Keeffe) whilst away in Boston on business, however, in the background, a woman rose from the bed and began to get dressed. Whilst speaking to Lizzie about their daughter Ruby Shelby (Heaven-Leigh Clee), she revealed she wasn't well, suffering from a temperature of 101. Lizzie told Tommy not to come home as Ruby was resting, but she picked up on a strange way about his voice as the conversation continued. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap He told Lizzie: "I've got a bit more business to do here, you just book a new passage when Ruby's feeling better. "It doesn't matter if you don't get here for Christmas, just as long as you get here alright, and then I'll get this business done. "You get here with the children and then no more, it'll just be us and the clean air out in the west. "I've found a place in the mountains, there'll be snow, tell Ruby I'll build her a snowman," he said, smoking a cigarette. Noticing his voice sounding off, she asked: "Are you OK, Tommy? Your voice, it sounds different?" Tommy deflected her concerns and told her, "It's just cold," before turning the conversation back to him getting business done. Could Tommy be keeping a secret about his health from Lizzie? Does he know he could already be dying? DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders fans in tears as BBC pay tribute to Helen McCrory 'I... [LATEST]Peaky Blinders final Series 6 is NOT the end – There will be a film [INSIGHT]Helen McCrory's death was start of 'the end' of Peaky Blinders [WATCH]  The final season continues to highlight actual historical events, intertwining them with fictional characters. There is a time jump this season, with the story taking place in 1934 after Aunt Polly's (Helen McRory) death is announced. Following the tragic death of actress Helen McCrory in April 2021, after a secret battle with cancer, Aunt Polly will not be back for more episodes of the show. However, both creator Steven Knight and Cillian have assured fans that the season will be a worthy tribute to the character and actress, with her "presence still very much felt". Talking about the newest series, Cillian said: "Historically, we know where that was headed in terms of the rise of fascism and everything. "Again, Tommy's rise is at the centre of it all – he's a legal bookmaker, then all of a sudden he becomes an MP, and now he's mixing with Churchill, and it goes beyond that again in the next series." Season six is the last of the series however, there is set to be a film released to conclude Tommy's story, with production beginning in 2023. Tom Hardy is set to make a return to the series as Alfie Solomans as well as Stephen Graham, who is joining the show in an undisclosed role. Peaky Blinders airs Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.