Kheerat Panesar (played by Jaz Deol) and Whitney Dean’s (Shona McGarty) plan to expose Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) came to a dramatic head on Monday as the businessman hit out at the lawyer in self-defence. However, EastEnders spoilers have confirmed Kheerat will fear his life on the square is over for good. In Monday’s instalment of the BBC soap, Whitney warned Kheerat to stay away from Gray. The market trader told him about her suspicions Gray had begun to physically hurt Chelsea. However, when Kheerat received a frantic voicemail from the lawyer, he ignored Whitney’s advice. Unbeknown to the businessman, Gray had realised Kheerat was responsible for sending him blog posts posted by Chantelle detailing abuse before her death. After arriving at Gray’s house with the belief he’d take him to the hospital, Kheerat soon figured out things weren’t as they first seemed. Read more: Adam Woodyatt rakes in £2.5m as ex-wife ‘relies on food handouts’ Gray produced the posts and quizzed Kheerat on who he thought had sent them to him. But, Kheerat questioned: “Why would Chantelle write these posts?” “Who said she did?” Gray asked and his love rival hit back: “So, what are you saying? That someone mocked them up?” “If it’s not Whitney or Karen or Mitch or one of my old clients who do you think it is?” Gray replied ignoring his question. “You’re sick you must be. First, you act all caring and concerned at the hospital and then you write me these posts, send me emails in my dead wife’s name. “I know you were obsessed with her but to write stuff like this…” Interjecting, Kheerat said: “It’s always someone else, isn’t it? “Someone else wrote those posts, someone else wrote all this abuse.” “I lost the woman that I love,” Gray remarked and Kheerat hit back: “No, you never loved Chantelle. DON'T MISSEastEnders' Jordan Atkins kidnapped as Gray flees Walford? [INSIGHT]EastEnders horror as Chelsea Fox’s plan to escape Gray thwarted? [SPOILER]Prince Andrew facing dark future with Charles on throne, expert warns [VIDEO] “You would never have done what you did if you [loved her].” “Do you think I deserve this on top of everything else?” Gray asked. “You don’t deserve Jordan,” Kheerat quipped. “You said so yourself not five minutes ago and out of everything you have said to me since I got here I think you actually meant that.” “Don’t you dare bring him into this,” Gray warned and the businessman replied: “You did that yourself by using your ill kid to get me here.” The two men argued back and forth for some time as Kheerat tried to get Gray to confess. Their confrontation turned violent and Kheerat hit Gray over the head with a glass bottle in self-defence. Although EastEnders fans know Gray deserves punishment for his crimes, spoilers have confirmed Kheerat plans to leave Walford to avoid being prosecuted for attacking Chantelle’s killer. It’s yet to be confirmed whether the lawyer will survive the assault. Kheerat and Whitney do not have enough evidence to prove Gray’s guilt and the businessman will fear he’ll be blamed for an unprovoked attack on the lawyer. Will Kheerat change his mind and stay in Walford or will he leave for good while Gray’s life hangs in the balance? EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.