Pensioners who are in need of help with their heating bills could get support by claiming the Warm Home Discount. Recipients of Pension Credit are automatically entitled to the discount. The Warm Home Discount provides a £140 discount on electricity bills once a year. It is paid between October and March each year, meaning it may not be too late for pensioners to claim for the winter of 2021/22. Recipients of the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit are automatically entitled to receive the Warm Home Discount. However, there are still a large number of Britons who are eligible for Pension Credit but have not claimed. READ MORE: State pension: 500,000 Britons will not get increase in April due to frozen pensions Some 850,000 families who are entitled to some level of support from Pension Credit have not claimed, according to the latest figures from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Pension Credit is a benefit paid to people who are over state pension age and are on a lower income. State pension age is currently 66. The core element of Pension Credit, known as Guarantee Credit, provides a weekly income top up, taking claimants’ income to at least £177.10 a week if they are single, or £270.30 a week if they have a partner. DON'T MISS‘Money is tight!’ Britons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [WARNING]Attendance Allowance claim: Parkinson's UK explains 4 different tests for getting benefit [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ALERT] Savings Credit is the other element of Pension Credit and is paid to people who have more income but still need require support. This could pay up to £14.04 extra a week to single pensioners £15.71 to couples. To get Savings Credit, someone must have reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. However, only recipients of Guarantee Credit are automatically eligible for the Warm Home Discount. People who claim Pension Credit may also be entitled to other benefits, such as: Britons will have their income assessed when they apply for Pension Credit to see if they are eligible, and if so, how much support they can get. Couples must apply for Pension Credit together. The following forms of income are assessed as part of the calculation: Applications for Pension Credit can be made online via the Government website. Alternatively, people can apply by phone on 0800 99 1234 or by post.