Oxford is set to launch the UK’s first Zero Emission Zone (ZEZ) on February 28, where all drivers of petrol and diesel vehicles pay a daily charge to drive inside the area. One industry expert is warning that the trial of the scheme could lead to more cities adopting similar programmes in a bid to cut down on vehicle emissions. Toby Poston, Director of Corporate Affairs for the British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association (BVRLA), said emissions-based charging zones could become more common. In a comment to Express.co.uk, he said: “The Oxford trial covers a small, targeted area of the city centre and most drivers will remain unaffected or able to navigate around the zone without too much disruption. “We are going to see more of these zones across the country going forward, and existing ones like Oxford’s may get bigger. “It is vital that local authorities give plenty of advance warning and clear signage to road users that are likely to travel within or through them. READ MORE: Petrol changes could be made after motorsport use of sustainable fuels “Payment systems need to be simple and streamlined and aligned with those used in other zones across the UK.” Most vehicles will need to pay a daily charge depending on their emissions if used in the pilot area, although no vehicles will be banned from being used in the zone. Any vehicles which do not release emissions, like electric cars, will not need to pay any charge. Ultra-low emission vehicles (ULEV) are those which release less than 75g/km of CO2 and will be charged £2. DON'T MISSDVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [WARNING]Fuel prices: How is the Ukraine crisis impacting your petrol cost? [SHOCKING]New car tax changes are ‘unreasonably high’ says expert [INSIGHT] Vehicles with four or more wheels that meet the Euro 4 petrol or Euro 6 diesel standard, also known as low emission vehicles (LEV), will pay a charge of £4 per day. All other vehicles will be charged £10, with all daily charges set to double from August 2025. The council said it was introducing the scheme to deal with greenhouse gases in Oxford. It hopes the ZEZ will encourage people to switch to low and zero emission vehicles and make other positive changes to their travel behaviour. The ZEZ will be rolled out following the success of other emissions-based charging schemes around the UK. Bath, Birmingham and Portsmouth all currently have clean air zones in operation, with London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) being one of the largest such schemes in the world. A number of UK cities are preparing to launch their own CAZ including Sheffield, Bristol and Edinburgh. In addition to the ZEZ, the council will also be introducing a workplace parking levy (WPL) between Wolvercote and Crowley. The changes will see any business with 11 or more staff parking spaces paying for each space every year. The money raised by the WPL would be used to improve transport in the city, including bus services and walking and cycling infrastructure. Nottingham also uses a WPL, with eligible businesses being charged £428 per space. Businesses can choose to cover the cost or pass the charges onto their employees.