For by and large we held our nerve and trusted in the Government’s furlough scheme and other policies to prevent the kind of economic cardiac arrest that can scar the employment prospects of millions for a generation. Figures from the Office for National Statistics show it worked ‑ on the economic front we rode out Covid far better than was thought possible. The economy may have shrunk by a tenth during that first traumatic lockdown but it has rebounded magnificently and is back to the size it was in February 2020. Of course, there is catching up still to do, as in normal times we could have expected it to grow five percent bigger over a two-year period. Yet in 2021 growth reached an impressive 7.5 percent and plenty of that bounce-back momentum is carrying over into 2022. No wonder the Chancellor, Rishi Sunak, sounded perky yesterday, saying: “Thanks to our £400billion package of support and making the right calls at the right time, the economy has been remarkably resilient, with the UK seeing the fastest growth in the G7 last year and GDP remaining at pre-pandemic levels in December. I’m proud of the resolve the country has demonstrated and proud of our incredible vaccine programme which has allowed the economy to stay open." And yet Sunak would be fooling himself were he to think his stewardship at the Treasury has been an unalloyed triumph. Because being a Chancellor from the very top rank means not only mastering the economy, but mastering the politics that surround it too, and on that score he is faring less well. Indeed, some would say he is letting the Labour Opposition off the hook. Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves and her leader, Sir Keir Starmer, have been pushing the idea that they are the ones who can be trusted to defend the living standards of ordinary citizens, while depicting the Tories as a party of “low growth” that favours a privileged few. Polls show they have been getting away with it as the traditional Tory lead on the economy has withered. Yet this is the very opposite of the truth and Sunak should be making that case. For starters, the ONS figures underline the negative impact lockdowns and even slightly relaxed social distancing measures had on the economy. For example, even the imposition of mild “Plan B” measures in the face of the Omicron wave caused growth to briefly cease and the economy to shrink by 0.2 percent in December, with retail and hospitality bearing the brunt. And we can now say with a degree of certainty that Boris Johnson’s decision to phase England out of Covid restrictions last spring, culminating in the end of restrictions in mid-July, was worth many billions to the economy. Had the third lockdown, imposed last January, been kept in place, 2021 would have been an economic disaster zone. Yet who was it berating the Prime Minister for letting restrictions lapse? Starmer’s Labour ‑ deliberately stoking fears a giant new wave of the Delta variant would overwhelm the NHS.  In early July, just before England emerged from its restrictions, Starmer warned we were on the way to 100,000 Delta cases a day – disgracefully calling it the “Johnson variant” – and predicted a “summer of chaos”. What we got was a summer of economic growth. And after the December 20 Cabinet meeting at which the PM and his team decided not to impose controls beyond Plan B in the face of Omicron, Labour’s new golden boy Wes Streeting went on the attack, accusing Johnson of being “too weak to stand up to his own backbenchers”. This week, when the PM set out his plan to let all remaining restrictions lapse a month early, Labour didn’t know what to say. Sunak should be ramming home the point that Labour would not merely have been a low-growth party, but a no-growth party had it been running the country during Covid. Public finances would have been in a far worse state, with much less money available for rebuilding the NHS, and other public spending priorities and unemployment far higher. When he gives his next Budget statement he must find a way to communicate this point to every voter in the land. It is no good him being the Chancellor who saved the economy if he ends up handing it to Labour to mess up again. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea