An unhealthy diet can increase your chances of having a stroke because it may lead to an increase in your blood pressure and cholesterol levels. A low-fat, high-fibre diet is usually recommended, including plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables. One food type has been shrouded with much controversy due to its effect on cholesterol levels which in turn impacts stroke risk. Some studies have suggested that, due to yolks’ high cholesterol content, eggs can be a harmful food — particularly for people already at risk of cardiovascular events. The idea that eggs may pose danger to health have been around for years. Experts believe it is more to do with the number of eggs consumed as high levels have been shown to increase stroke risk. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Two signs to spot when going to the toilet - seen in 90% of patients In a study published in the Frontiers of Health, egg consumption and its association with stroke risk was investigated. The study looked at sixteen publications involving 24 prospective cohort studies. Subgroup analysis indicated that geographic location significantly modified the effect of egg consumption on stroke risk. DON'T MISSFeeling in your arms that may be signalling clogging in the arteries [CHOLESTEROL] Sign when walking that could be the 'earliest predictor' [DEMENTIA]  Dementia: The smelly warning that may 'precede' memory loss [SIGN] The study noted: “A decreased risk was observed for the intake of one to four eggs weekly and an increased risk for the intake of more than six eggs weekly. “The results were significant at an intake of 10 eggs weekly.” The study concluded that the evidence from this meta-analysis showed that a J-shaped association exists between egg consumption and stroke risk. Another study with the Comprehensive Heart Failure Centre at the University of Wurzburg in Germany, suggested that eating more eggs was linked to a 41 percent of haemorrhagic stroke. The researchers, who had set out to investigate the link between stroke risk and meat consumption, reviewed data from diet questionnaires filled out by US participants between 1987 and 2011. During the follow-up period of 22.7 years, a total of 699 stroke incidences were recorded, among 11,601 participants. The findings revealed eating more eggs was linked to a higher risk of haemorrhagic stroke. Other risk factors for a stroke include: