Grantchester is one of the most popular shows on ITV, with the beloved series continuing to grow in popularity across its six seasons. ITV are clearly keen to keep the momentum going, as the broadcaster renewed the series for a seventh outing. Express.co.uk has all the details on what to expect from season seven. On February 24 it was revealed the new series would air on Friday, March 11 at 9pm. Robson Green will return as DI Geordie Keating and Tom Brittney as Reverend Will Davenport. This series is set in the summer of 1959 and wedding season is in full swing. The synopsis reads: "As the Reverend Will Davenport unites happy couples in holy matrimony, Detective Inspective Geordie Keating is busy as ever investigating a range of local murder cases. "With a new decade just around the corner, the question of what the future holds is on everyone's minds, not least Will's, but before the 50s roll over into the swinging sixties there are some crimes to solve and some life-changing decisions to be made that might change life in Grantchester forever."  READ MORE: Vera's Brenda Blethyn 'horrified' by change to DCI Vera Stanhope Back in 2021 Kayce Ainsworth, who plays Cathy Keating in the series, confirmed production on season seven had started. “We’ve been commissioned to do seven,” Ainsworth explained, “and that’s what we’re doing now. “We’re still [filming] seven, so I’ve been in for a year.”   All the main cast will be returning for the seventh season, once again led by Robson Green as Geordie Keating and Tom Brittany as Will Davenport. Kacey Ainsworth will also be coming back as Cathy, as she confirmed on This Morning. Leonard Finch (played by Al Weaver), Mrs Maguire (Tessa Peake-Jones) and Esme Keating (Skye Lucia Degruttola) are all likely to come back.  DON'T MISS...Grantchester: Fans slam return of ‘outdated’ Geordie [INSIGHT]Emmerdale murder as April Dingle kills Cathy in revenge for bullying? [EXPLAINER]GB News' Nana Akua defends Piers Morgan over Meghan comments [INSIGHT]  Fans are still waiting to see an official trailer but it is likely to arrive in the coming weeks. Actor Robson Green said: "I think the question of ‘what true love is’ is explored in this series. "It also looks at secrets and lies, those who not only harbour corrosive secrets that have occurred in their past but secrets about what is currently happening in their life. "That situation that occurs with Mrs C which really pulls the rug from everyone’s feet because they’re such a close knit family who depend on one another and if one of them becomes detached, the rest start to fall apart."  It is known Grantchester village is going through some changes during the sixth season, with a major moral controversy dividing the town and Will and Geordie’s friendship. 