Marcus Wareing, 51, is a very busy TV chef, juggling his time between his own Michelin star restaurants and judging on Masterchef: The Professionals. In a new interview, Marcus is asked if he regrets missing so many dinners at home because of his job, with the chef fuming at the idea. Since 2014, Marcus has been a judge on MasterChef: The Professionals, following the departure of Michel Roux Jr. He is also currently the lead chef and owner of the one Michelin starred restaurant Marcus in Knightsbridge. In a recent interview, published on Sunday's edition of The Telegraph, Marcus made a very rare admission about his family life. When asked if he regretted missing out on so much when his children were growing up, he replied: "Are you serious? READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "No. I had a job to do, I was on a train track going at 100mph." He continued that he had no reason to feel bad for his wife, as that was what she married into. Marcus said: "No, what would I feel bad for her for? She married a f******g chef. "What is she going to expect? You think I’m going to become some soft-a**, coming home at six o’clock at night because I’ve got married? "She married a guy that was working 16 hours a day." He was then asked what if she wanted to work the long hours and he would have stayed at home. Marcus hastily replied: "That wasn’t even an option, because from the day I met Jane, nothing has ever changed. "I can’t have a baby, can I? DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT] ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years [LATEST] Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [COMMENT] "So when Jane was pregnant, she had to stop, because that’s what Mother Nature tells you to do. I didn’t give birth." Marcus and his wife Jane married in 2000, with the couple sharing three children Jake, Archie and Jessie. He met Jane while he worked at Gravetye Manor, where he was second chef and she worked on reception. After moving to London to work with Gordon Ramsay at Aubergine, Marcus kept the relationship going by commuting out to Sussex every Sunday, according to the Daily Telegraph. Gordon was even the best man at Marcus' wedding, and is the godfather to his eldest son, Jake. However, the relationship between the pair did not end well when Marcus decided to cut loose from Gordon. He changed the restaurant they opened together into Marcus Wareing at The Berkeley. Lawyers got involved and the chef's relationship was severed completely.