  ITV talk show host Lorraine Kelly has explained how she feels that celebrities uploading highly-edited pictures of themselves to Instagram creates unrealistic beauty standards for the younger generation in an interview with Express.co.uk. The journalist has teamed up with WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) to support healthier lifestyle habits, without as much emphasis on weight loss.      Lorraine, 62, revealed that a lack of exercise and indulging in more junk food during lockdown had caused her to go from a size 10 to a size 14. The star agreed that, while the perfect size is different for every person, she wanted to get back to feeling like herself again with the help of WW. “It’s not about how much space you take up in the world,” Lorraine said. “It’s about what’s right for you. It all comes down to confidence, doesn’t it?” The star went on to condemn celebrities and influencers who photoshopped their pictures before uploading them to social media, commenting on the extra pressures that these platforms can create. READ MORE: Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle     Speaking about edited Instagram snaps, she remarked: “I think it’s pathetic because you can tell! “You can immediately tell, but then I just think that there might be some particularly young girls or young boys who can’t tell and I hope they can. “You know, you don’t need to put a filter on yourself - you don’t! I don’t know, it baffles me. “Unless it’s something really silly like making yourself into a tiger or something - that’s hilarious,” she laughed.      “And I don’t mind that at all, but it should be all about being yourself - that’s the best thing you can be.” Lorraine went on to share how her WW goals are all about how she feels on the inside, as opposed to any societal pressures. “It’s all about how you feel and that’s not outside pressure,” she said. “That’s not me looking on silly Instagram or anything else, because I’m pretty savvy about that. “I know that those people on there put themselves through filters or they’re just showing you the best bits.” “It’s like when you watch Match of the Day highlights - you just watch those five minutes of gold, and this is kind of the same thing. You’re seeing the highlights and I get that. READ MORE... Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [UPDATE] Kate Garraway hits back as she's accused of 'parading Derek' by viewer [NEWS] 'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move away from BBC [NEWS]      “But what I would never ever want is for someone to feel under pressure. It’s all about how you feel in yourself and the pressure comes from inside you.” For young people today, beauty standards are constantly reinforced by social media, while fast food and ready meals have never been more accessible. When asked about whether she felt it might be harder for the current generation to live up to a certain aesthetic standard than ever before, Lorraine replied: “Of course it is. I mean, we didn’t have social media when I was growing up, but we also certainly didn’t have fast food shops at the end of the street. “I guess the nearest thing to it would be the chip shop, but also we were outside playing and it was different. “I understand that when people are very busy, it is easy to have fast food, but I think what my WW plan has taught me is that you have to actually be prepared.       “I do make a list of things so that I’m not tempted and make sure I’ve got plenty of healthy stuff in the fridge because otherwise, the temptation is just to grab something. “But no, I understand the temptation with fast food and the temptations are huge! But you can have it now and again - that’s alright. Just don’t have it everyday. We should still enjoy food - food is great!” Lorraine also noted that one positive aspect of social media was that it also acted as a platform for those with different body types aiming to normalise feeling comfortable in their own skin. “It’s a really good, fantastic, positive way to use social media,” Lorraine said in reference to movements like #BodyPositivity. “Because of course, social media gets a bad press, but it can be good too.” Lorraine Kelly has joined WW as a new ambassador. #joinLorraine on her weight loss and wellness journey with WW, where you can enjoy the foods you love with no restrictions. To be your best self whilst still losing weight, visit ww.com/uk/ambassadors/lorraine-kelly and get 50% off today.   