On Tuesday night, Chelsea host Lille at Stamford Bridge in the first leg of their Champions League round-of-16 clash. And Blues head coach Thomas Tuchel will still be missing some crucial players after Saturday's late 1-0 win at Crystal Palace. Chelsea received a favourable last-16 draw, with the reigning Ligue 1 champions currently 11th in the French top-flight, but there are problems in the Chelsea camp. After the triumph at Selhurst Park last time out, Tuchel admitted that six players are currently suffering from colds on top of his injury woes. He told reporters: "We have six players with a cold from the air conditioning on the plane. We have jet leg from Abu Dhabi, and we had almost no player who slept well because of the time difference." Express Sport explores how the German boss could set his team up against Lille as Chelsea's Champions League defence continues. JUST IN: Brighton stars involved in furious tunnel row which damaged wall Goalkeeper: Mendy Kepa Arrizabalaga didn't harm his chances of further opportunities at Chelsea down the line whilst Edouard Mendy was at the Africa Cup of Nations with Senegal. Three clean sheets capped off the Spaniard's deputy duties, and a late penalty save prevented a potential shock FA Cup exit to Plymouth Argyle at Stamford Bridge. But after his AFCON triumph, Mendy is back and firmly remains Thomas Tuchel's first-choice stopper. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick has four players in trouble after Leeds win Defence: Christensen, Thiago Silva, Rudiger, Sarr Ben Chilwell is already out long-term, and Cesar Azpiliecueta and Callum Hudson-Odoi are also fitness doubts for Lille. Tuchel will likely stick with an unchanged flat back four consisting of four centre-backs, given his lack of right-wing-back options. Andreas Christensen should start at right-back, with Malang Sarr on the left and Thiago Silva and Antonio Rudiger at centre-half. Midfield: Jorginho, Kante, Kovacic There could be one change to Tuchel's midfield three after Christian Pulisic started in the unfamiliar role against Palace. Jorginho and N'Golo Kante will likely keep their places, with Mateo Kovacic replacing Pulisic in the starting line-up. Attack: Ziyech, Havertz, Lukaku In attack, Romelu Lukaku should keep his place despite having just seven touches of the ball at Selhurst Park at the weekend. Hakim Ziyech netted the late winner as Chelsea kept their faint title hopes alive in south London. He's also set to start as the right-winger as part of an unchanged front three, including Kai Havertz on the left. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.