Fortunately, there is one very common drug available on every high street in almost every town in every corner of the country that could reduce cardiovascular risk. Some choose to have it with chocolate, an extra shot, milk, sugar, and just occasionally, a chocolate biscuit. It can also be found in gels, bars, and most energy drinks. Caffeine is spread throughout the UK, both in terms of its availability and the diversity of how one can consume it. READ MORE: Are YOU oestrogen dominant? The 17 signs you have too much oestrogen   It could also reduce the risk of heart disease according to a study published in Nature Communications. The study concluded: “Accumulating evidence now suggests that modern to high levels of [caffeine] (>600mg), consumed daily in the form of non-alcoholic beverages, are associated with a reduction in CVD [Cardiovascular-Disease] risk." What the results are trying to say is that, so long as the drink isn’t alcoholic caffeine can have health benefits. It isn’t suggesting that an espresso martini, however moreish, is the first step towards a healthier heart.   While the results were positive, the study noted that the different ways in which caffeine features in everyday life had an impact on whether a conclusion could be drawn on it’s health benefits. “Given that CF consumption occurs primarily in the form of beverages that contain inconsistent doses and that are frequently mixed with…dairy and sugar products, results from such studies can be difficult to interpret and often vary.” The study continued: “The majority of studies examined, which involved thousands to hundreds of thousands of patients, demonstrated a protective effect of CF consumption against CVD risk." Caffeine then, in isolation, is good for reducing risk of cardiovascular disease. However, the caveat remains that the benefits of caffeine can be eradicated if it is in the presence of enough unhealthy ingredients such as sugars, artificial sweeteners, and other chemicals. It is why some dieticians recommend that if coffee is going to be consumed, it should be done so with no sugar and no milk. Caffeine is also present to a lesser extent in tea. Furthermore, it is also possible to purchase caffeine bars and gels for use during extended periods of exercise; this is why professional and semi-professional athletes may consume energy products during races. Caffeine’s use during exercise highlights two key factors with regard to reducing cardiovascular risk, activity, and diet. Getting active can help someone improve their fitness and combined with a balanced diet, can improve overall health. In turn, this combination can help someone live a longer life. For more information about cardiovascular disease contact the NHS or consult with your GP.