Married At First Sight fans are hooked with multiple productions of the show now helping hopefuls find love on a global level. Despite looking for their happily ever after, it looks like an upcoming episode of the Down Under show will be one not to miss as the dinner party takes a dramatic turn. Season nine of Married at First Sight is in full swing, launching at the start of the year in Australia. This means that viewers luckily have a fair few episodes on the horizon to still air. Rumours have it that things are about to get a lot spicier with a fight between Domenica Calarco and Olivia Frazer at an upcoming dinner party. An insider has said: "'They hated each other so much. It was very intense." Read More:When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner Aaron Dean?  Allegedly the pair come to an altercation with a source leaking the information to the Daily Mail Australia. The Express.co.uk has reached out to the show for comment. "It made everything awkward for everyone and divided the cast." Domenica, 28, hit it off with Jack Miller, and Olivia Frazer partnered up with Jackson Lonie. The Australian version of the show has already had some dramatic moments. When comparing the notorious wine throwing episode between Martha Kalifatidis and Cyrell Paule in 2019 to the upcoming altercation, the source said it will make that "look like a Disney Channel movie." Does this pose the question, will Domenica and Jack make it? DON’T MISS… NCIS Sydney cast: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?[LATEST] ‘Thought I would die’ Y 1883’s Sam Elliott feared for his life in harsh filming conditions[LATEST]Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST]  The pair seemed to gel straight away. They both hailed from Italian families, were vegetarian and loved animals. The televised marriage was Domenica's second chance of marital bliss, with a failed first marriage that lasted just two months. The Daily Mail Australia has also implied that the Sydney makeup artist is a bit too hot to handle and is set to clash with several other brides throughout the season. A new trailer released for the show gives a glimpse of her in action as she points at her co-star while saying: "Let me say it to your face, I don't like you, and I don't like you." Fan Kerry Reynolds seemed to enjoy her direct nature, tweeting: "Domenica for Mayor! All those in favour… can I hear you say aye!#MAFSAU #MAFS #MAFSAustralia." @slabberin was ready for the drama: "Domenica is ready to slap a b***h here. #mafs #mafsau #MAFSAustralia"Fully prepared for Domenica to snatch that wig off Jessica's head. #mafs #MAFSAustralia #mafsau #mafsaus,"  @G_P_TV addded. Married At First Sight Australia airs from Monday to Thursday on E4.