Contributing to a pension can bring a variety of benefits, including the possibility of reducing a tax bill. Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at Bestinvest explained how Britons can make the most of their tax allowances. Each year Britons can pay a total amount equal to their salary into a pension and benefit from pension tax relief. This can be done up to a maximum of £40,000, although it can taper down to £4,000 for higher earners. This is known as the annual allowance. READ MORE: Hundreds of people on UK trial could get £1,600 a month under Basic Income scheme Mr Lowery said: “Those who have spare money to put away towards the end of the tax year and who have not used this allowance can still take advantage of pensions tax relief. “The taxman automatically tops up pension payments by the basic rate of 20 percent and those paying higher or additional rates of tax can claim back another 20 percent and 25 percent respectively.” There is also a lifetime allowance, which limits the amount someone can hold in pensions over their lifetime without incurring tax penalties. The lifetime allowance is currently set at £1,073,100, and it will stay at this rate until at least April 2026. DON'T MISSNew state pension guide could explain exactly why you are getting less than you expected [GUIDE]Martin Lewis: Can you beat the hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell and more? [MARTIN LEWIS]State pension age ‘to soar past 70 as axe falls on triple lock’ [ALERT] It was once significantly higher at £1,800,000 in the 2011/12 tax year, but has reduced over time. People who breach the lifetime allowance could be hit with a tax charge of up to 55 percent. Pensions are generally tested when people draw from them, reach age 75, or on death. Breaches of the annual or lifetime allowance must be reported on a self-assessment tax return. Once people have used up their current year allowance, they may also be able to make extra pension contributions. This can be done by carrying forward unused pension allowances from the previous three years. Mr Lowery explained: “This can be of particular interest to workers, like the self-employed or small business owners, who have inconsistent earnings and enjoy much higher income in some years than others.” There are various schemes which companies run allowing employees to surrender some of their gross income and receive a benefit or a product instead. Salary sacrifices work like annual allowances to reduce taxable income and they can be offered by some firms as a method of contributing to a pension scheme. Mr Lowery explained the potential benefits of utilising salary sacrifice. He said: “In this case, salary sacrifice provides savers with National Insurance relief on top of the usual pension tax relief, making the boost to your pot greater – and can even sometimes mean you drop a tax band if your salary is just over a threshold.”