Chelsea are said to be leading the race to sign Raphinha from Leeds this summer and the Blues could land the Brazilian for as little as £20m due to a relegation clause in the player's current contract, according to reports. The 25-year-old was on target for the Whites on Sunday in their 4-2 defeat to Manchester United after starting the match on the bench. Raphinha, who Leeds are keen to tie down to a new contract, was recently subbed at half-time in the 3-0 defeat to Everton and he remained out of the side for the visit of rivals United last weekend. Yet it didn't take him long to make his mark following his introduction as Leeds scored twice in 24 seconds to pull level. It's been a disappointing campaign for Marcelo Bielsa's side, who have been stung by a number of high-profile injuries to the likes of Patrick Bamford and Kalvin Phillips. While they currently remain five points clear of the drop zone, supporters are fearful of being dragged into the relegation dogfight. MORE TRANSFER GOSSIP: Chelsea and Real Madrid 'discussing Eden Hazard loan' as part of Erling Haaland plan Should that happen, it appears Leeds could lose Raphinha on the cheap... According to Italian journalist Gianluigi Longari, the attacker has a £20m relegation clause written into his current deal. The idea is to protect his value after signing the player for £17m from Rennes in August 2020. However, anyone who has watched Raphinha since he arrived in the Premier League will know that could prove a snip. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesMohamed Salah rates Liverpool's hopes of winning quadruple after 150th goal in Norwich win He is currently valued at around £50m, although Raphinha is understood to have a release clause worth around €75m (£62m). Longari also claims Chelsea are at the front of the queue having opened talks with Raphinha's representatives. The Blues are seemingly keen to beat a summer rush for the tricky wide forward, who has also attracted interest from the likes of Barcelona and Bayern Munich. Barcelona's interest could ultimately hinge on their Champions League qualification prospects though. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As it stands, there is no guarantee they will be playing in Europe's elite club competition come next season. Xavi is hopeful the board will provide him with the funds to replace Ousmane Dembele - despite the signing of Adama Traore. The Frenchman is set to depart on a free transfer in June after failing to agree a new contract in Catalonia.