Emmerdale fans have been closely following the takedown of Meena (played by Paige Sandhu) in the ITV soap after she was arrested and caught out for her horrific crimes again her victims. Tonight, during a session with Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), Meena finally confessed all her murders and left him feeling indifferent about continuing to visit her in prison on church duties. The whole village has been affected by her murderous rampage over the last couple of years and they are all trying different ways to cope with the shock. Two people who were closely affected by her murders were her sister Manpreet (Rebecca Sarka) and murder victim Leanna Cavanagh's (Mimi Slinger) father, Liam (Jonny McPherson). As the pair lean on one another to navigate their way through the challenging times, could there be an affair on the cards as they share their trauma together? In tonight's hour-long episode, Manpreet was seen psyching herself up for her first day back at work as she paced back and forth. Noticing how anxious she looked, Liam said: "Hey, you ok? You look a little on edge, first day back nerves?" Agreeing, she replied: "You know I thought I was ready, but my stomach is doing cartwheels." Reassuring her, he replied: "It is only natural," with Manpreet agreeing and said she hoped it would take her mind off of Meena's upcoming plea hearing. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Scoffing at the mention of her name, Liam exclaimed: "Heaven knows what fresh lies she'll come up with, she'll probably swear she's not guilty and force us all to go to trial." Not wanting to think about it, Manpreet stated: "Well, let's see how she pleads first." "Well, we all know, she will do whatever she can to make us suffer a little bit more," Liam quipped. Sighing at the thought of the trauma he had suffered for so long, Manpreet apologised: "Liam, I am so sorry for everything you are going through if there is anything I could do." Rejecting her apology, Liam replied: "No, no, no, you have done more than enough." Looking ahead at the future, Manpreet commented: "I suppose we are just going to have to see if we can find the strength to get through this together." Later, Liam bumped into Manpreet once again and saw she was in some sort of conflict with herself. He joked: "I'd offer you a penny for your thoughts, but I think I can guess what those thoughts are, well for the record, it is great to have you back where you belong. DON'T MISS...‘Not realistic’ Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley blasts Cain Dingle criticism [INSIGHT]Kelvin Fletcher opens up on struggle to 'find family balance' [LATEST]Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? [WATCH 1571630 "Look, tell me to keep my nose out, but I saw Charles earlier, and he asked me if a support group for everyone who has been affected by Meena was a good idea." Manpreet scoffed at the idea: "Is he still going ahead with that? I thought maybe he was testing the water, see if I would open but, told him not to bother on my account." Thinking it was about their previous relationship, Liam asked: "You trying not to worry him?" However, Manpreet shut down his thought and revealed: "Call me selfish, but the last thing I need is to be pitied." Noticing what she was implying, Liam said: "You can't still be blaming yourself, can you? We know how clever a manipulator Meena is, she has been hiding this stuff for years." Manpreet agreed with him: "Logic tells me you're right, but I always have this nagging feeling that I should have noticed something anything." "All more reason to speak to people if you ask me," he exclaimed. "And then you'll realise that it's not what people think, you are as much a victim in this as anyone." Manpreet asked: "If you told Charles you thought it was a good idea, I take it you will be going?" "Yeah, I am thinking about it," he admitted: "Speaking about my feelings doesn't come easily, especially where Leanna is concerned." Manpreet agreed: "Well, I know some people need that support, but I do not intend to waste one more breathe of her if I can help it, no matter how she pleads." Liam pressed: "Is that what you would tell a patient if they confided in you? Rule it out entirely, maybe it would be good for both of us to go and listen, worth thinking about." Shaking her head, she joked: "Maybe." Before walking away, Liam told her: "If not, you always know where I am," to which Manpreet winked and walked away. Could Liam and Manpreet strike up a relationship through their trauma? Will this cause more heartbreak for the pair in the long run? Emmerdale airs on weekdays at 7pm on ITV.