Love is Blind is the Netflix dating show where singletons only get engaged after speaking to their other half through a wall. They make a commitment before knowing what they look like and leading up to the wedding, see if they can actually make it work in the outside world. One of those couples were Iyanna and Jarrette who felt an instant connection in the dating pods. LOVE IS BLIND made a comeback for its second season but are Iyanna and Jarrette still an item?  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Love is Blind.Jarrette and Iyanna bonded over wanting a big family in the pods with him joking that she wanted "half of a starting lineup". She also brought up a very personal part of her life, confessing through the wall that her mum raised her until she was nine when she was then taken in by her cousin. When she was 18-years-old she was kicked out and her godparents had adopted her by the age of 22. She confessed: “I had so many odds against me. I should not be this okay." READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' But while Iyanna was opening up about her past, Jarrette was also dating Mallory. He even proposed to her but she decided to reject Jarrette in favour of Sal who she said she had "stronger feelings" for. Jarrette was open about proposing to Mallory to Iyanna and while she was initially unsure if they could progress from there, they worked through it and they got engaged. Things started to get complicated again when the dating pods were removed and Jarrette and Mallory met up in person for the first time. They clearly still had a connection, one which Mallory was no longer feeling as much with Sal. As with all of the couples, there is no official confirmation on whether or not Iyanna and Jarrette are still together. To keep up the suspense, contestants most likely would have been told to keep their relationship statuses a secret until the episodes have been released on Netflix. A positive sign for the couple is that Iyanna and Jarrette still follow each other on social media which could indicate that there is no bad blood between them. Although, they haven't liked any recent posts from the other so could this mean things are over between them? DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [TRIBUTE]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]Love is Blind’s Danielle blasts Netflix’s ‘inaccurate’ portrayal [CAST] Jarrette is also following Mallory on Instagram which confuses matters more. As the attraction between them remained after the engagements, it could jeopardise his relationship with Iyanna. Prior to the second lot of episodes coming out as well, a teaser was shown of Iyanna getting into a car with her wedding dress inside. Was she simply making her way to the venue or was this Iyanna running away from the big day? Love is Blind is almost over with just one more episode left to air. The reality series is going to return on Friday, February 25, where the remaining weddings will be shown. Only time will tell which couples are going to say I do and which ones are going to bow out. Love is Blind season 2 concludes on Friday, February 25 on Netflix.