Liverpool starlet Harvey Elliott made his feelings known after the Reds romped to a resounding 6-0 victory over Leeds United on Wednesday evening. The youngster, along with Joe Gomez, was left out of the matchday 22 as boss Jurgen Klopp continues to grapple with an almost overwhelming squad depth. Two Mohamed Salah penalties and an unlikely Joel Matip finish put Liverpool in the driving seat before half time. Another trio of goals - two from Sadio Mane and one from Virgil van Dijk - added gloss to the scoreline in the final 10 minutes. The Reds certainly capitalised on a torrid Leeds run, which has now seen them concede 16 goals in their last four games. And they managed it without one of the country's highest-rated youngsters in their squad, as Elliott was made to sit out at Anfield. JUST IN: Antonio Conte's Tottenham quit threats are childish and unhelpful - he must do better The 18-year-old did not let his head drop though, commending his team-mates on social media with the caption: "Love it boys what a win [heart emoji]." Elliott was expected to kick on after making his long-awaited injury comeback against Cardiff earlier this month, in which he scored a superb goal in front of the Kop. He also started in the Reds' crunch Champions League first-leg tie with Inter Milan last week, but Klopp opted for rotation on Wednesday night. Curtis Jones was brought back into the fold, and played from the start after missing out on the previous three matchday squads. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's XI if they sign exciting Paul Pogba replacementJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Tottenham boss Conte's devious transfer battle with Fabio Paratici The ability to leave out Elliott, and even Jones during recent games, highlights the squad depth Klopp has at his disposal Both are tipped for big futures with the England national team, but it seems that more patience and more taken opportunities will be required if they are to establish themselves as 'undroppable'. Thinning out the squad in summer could also be an option for the Reds' hierarchy, but for now, Liverpool can use the depth to their advantage as they attempt to hunt down Manchester City in the Premier League title race. Having emphatically won their game in hand, the gap to the Sky Blues now stands at just three points. Still, the German attempted to manage expectations on Wednesday night: "I'm not excited but I think it's normal after a night like this that people get carried away a little bit, that's completely fine. "There's already Sunday looming around the corner. We have to be 100 per cent ready for that and all the rest. "Then we play cup again. The next league game is 10 days away. City are playing a league game in that time for sure. So it's how it is. "We have to win our football games, if we do that we'll be around, if we don't, there's no title race. If we do it, then maybe."