The article had been written by our first female Prime Minister when she was studying for the Bar and it was to celebrate and note the ascension of Queen Elizabeth to the throne after the death of her father on February 6 1952. Given that the piece was written in 1952 it was quite a bold assertion on the ability of women to hold positions of leadership. Thatcher says in the piece she hopes that the ascension of our marvellous monarch “can help to remove the last shreds of prejudice against women aspiring to the highest places”. I hope, she continued, that “we will see more and more women combining marriage and a career”. At the time of writing she noted there were only 17 out of 625 members of parliament who were female and that women must fight to change this as it would be a “good thing for the women in Britain, and I’m sure it would be a good thing for the men too”. Thatcher is often seen as a “Queen Bee”, a woman who did not help other women to do what she had done. I have examined this charge over the years and on the face of it there is some evidence to support the allegation – she did not appoint many women into positions of authority and took on quite a male style of leadership during her years in Downing Street. But I believe that this assertion of Thatcher is very shallow and one which chimes with the narrative of those who don’t want to acknowledge her breakthrough as our first female prime minister. The very fact that she was in the position of Prime Minister was shattering ceilings and sending a clear message to women coming behind her. When she was in her twenties writing about our other role model, the Queen, she was already pushing for change by encouraging women to fight for their space in society and as for her male style of leadership – she had to be tough or she would have been dismissed as not having what it took. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Margaret Thatcher became our Prime Minister in 1979 when I was turning nine-years-old. Throughout my teenage years she was always there – leading with strength and dignity - and there is no doubt that she had an influence on those of us who entered politics later on. For me growing up it was entirely normal to see a woman in leadership because our Prime Minister was female as was our Monarch. Hillary Clinton has said: “You cannot be what you cannot see”. I think you can aspire to leadership even though you don’t recognise yourself in that place, but it is certainly more attainable if others like you have gone before you. Thatcher had a terrible time pushing against those who didn’t think she was leadership material, either because of her sex or her class. That’s what I admire about her the most – despite all the odds being stacked against her she kept going because she believed she could, so she did. She didn’t look for special dispensation because she was a woman and she would have hated all the woke nonsense currently doing the rounds. It is to the shame of so-called feminists that they don’t like to celebrate our first female Prime Minister because she was not of their politics – that says more about those people than Thatcher. She was a trailblazer and sent a message that being Prime Minister was possible regardless of sex or background. It is instructive, is it not, that it is the Conservative Party which has had two female Prime Ministers – we are still waiting on the Left providing a female leader. I only realised how much my position as first female First Minister of Northern Ireland mattered to other women when I stepped down from the role. Out of the hundreds of letters I received the ones that encouraged me the most were the letters from young women who told me how important and inspiring it was for them that a woman had been their First Minister. In a way it made all the nonsense I had endured worth it. As I reflect and celebrate women in leadership: I know it is tough, Margaret Thatcher knew it was tough, but it was worth it. She would definitely say that and so do I. So, take heart and let’s see more women in leadership, not because of quotas or positive discrimination but because they deserve to be there, just as Margaret Thatcher deserved to be through determination, ability, skill and sheer hard work.