This spring, many BT, EE, Plusnet and Vodafone customers will see 9.3 percent rises, TalkTalk 9.1 percent, Shell 5.4 percent and Virgin Media £56/yr. Your exact rise depends on your package, so it can be less than this (my team’s compiled the info at mse.me/PriceHikes2022). There is a sliver of a silver lining though, as the millions who are out of contract with these firms can and should use this as an opportunity to radically cut your bill. So what do you do? Here’s how to bag the best deal as a newbie... Halve your broadband & line costs. Many are paying £30-£45 a month on standard packages. But the best deals come from short-lived promos involving cashback or vouchers that you can't get direct – they’re on comparison sites. We try and compile the best ones at broadband.moneysavingexpert.com. They change often, but as a range: for basic 11Mb broadband speed prices can be as low as £13/mth once you’ve factored in the vouchers (eg, Amazon or a prepaid Mastercard) or you could get fast 63Mb broadband for £16-£20/mth incorporating the sign-up incentives. READ MORE: £150 council tax rebate available from April - check now if you can claim Mobile costs are shrinking – why pay more than £10/mth? If you're happy with your phone, you can save big by switching your Sim – the little chip in your phone that gives it its identity. Prices for Sims with 4GB data – the average used per month – have virtually halved since 2016. Yet in my recent Twitter poll, around 30% said they pay more than £30 a month. Fair enough if you’re repaying a handset, roaming or have credit issues and don’t qualify for cheaper deals. But many are overpaying for no good reason – if that’s you, do a Sim check to cut your bill. A few quick tips: If you're out of contract and free to move, but like the firm you’re with, then try to make them want you as much as they want switchers. To do that you need to haggle – a bit of fiscal flirting, if you like. In my last poll on this, of those who tried to haggle, there were success rates of 70 percent + for BT, EE, O2, Plusnet, Sky, TalkTalk, Three and Virgin (and a still decent 50% for Vodafone). Here are some quick tips... Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 7.5 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip.