Winterwatch presenter Chris Packham has raged at MP Jacob Rees-Mogg, after measures to scrap the import and sale of fur and foie gras have been abandoned. Taking to Twitter today, the environmentalist, 60, hit back at the idea of backtracking on the policy, claiming that the government was "capitulating to the ideas and the whims of people like Jacob Rees-Mogg" by abandoning the policy. On the micro-blogging platform, the naturalist shared a petition for his 537,300 followers to sign. Chris wrote: "Act now! The government is right now considering abandoning proposed bans on the import & sale of cruel fur and foie gras. Appalling!! "Please join me with @HSIUKorg @animal_equality and sign my petition to say #DontBetrayAnimals." In a tweet posted earlier today, the Springwatch star hit out at the Conservative MP for attempting to "maintain some out of date status quo". READ MORE: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan The policy would have seen the importation and sale of animal fur and foie gras into the UK banned, both of which it is already illegal to produce in the country. Chris told his fans: "Recent news reports suggest that the intended bans on the import of fur and foie gras into the UK may not happen because some members of the cabinet don't agree with them. "This is completely outrageous. "The fur and foie gras industries are among the most cruel in the world," he said, before going on to detail the treatment of the animals in the facilities. He went on: "So if something like fur farming and foie gras production are so cruel that they are not permitted in the UK and let's be clear, they're not permitted in the UK, then why is it ok to import them from overseas? "Isn't that in some way making us complicit in the extreme suffering of millions of animals? "Most of us agree we shouldn't be importing them," he added, before relaying statistics that included 140 MPs supporting the ban. Chris continued: "So, in our democracy when so many people find something so abhorrent and when the government keeps telling us it wants to be a 'world leader' when it comes to animal welfare, you might well ask why isn't this going ahead? "Well, it appears that Jacob Rees-Mogg amongst others has said that he feels the public fought to have the right to buy what they want to, even if it involves hideous cruelty. DON'T MISS... Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storms [ANALYSIS]Ben Shephard lost for words over Kate Garraway's 'tough' insight [UPDATE] "I wonder if Jacob is keen for us to start importing whale meat, or maybe fur from seal kills or maybe even ivory. "Maybe he thinks we should go even further and get rid of all of our animal cruelty laws altogether so that people can drop-kick their cats with absolute impunity," he said. The BBC star went on: "It's simply outrageous that this government thinks that the passionately felt wishes of millions of people who desperately want to protect millions of animals can simply be swept aside to maintain some out-of-date status quo. "Here's an idea, why, instead of capitulating to the ideas and the whims of people like Jacob Rees-Mogg, don't we base our policies on evidence." The BBC star went on to reference a government call for evidence that saw 30,000 people respond. Chris said: "It appears they've forgone that and they're now going to make a decision before even publishing those results. "You might ask, what's the point? Why are we going to allow a small minority in the cabinet to overrule the wishes of the great British public?" He went on to claim that the government will "suffer an enormous and ongoing backlash" if the policy is reversed, before calling on his followers to sign the petition and email their MP.