Although he was made a Prince of the United Kingdom in 1957 by the Queen, Prince Philip was known by his Duke of Edinburgh title for most of his royal life. The Duke of Edinburgh title had been bestowed on Philip by King George IV on the occasion of his marriage to then-Princess Elizabeth. Since he died in 2021, Philip's Duke of Edinburgh title has belonged to Prince Charles as his eldest son. But the title will be returned to the crown when Prince Charles takes the throne as King, meaning it will be vacant for him to allocate to other Royal Family members. Here are the three royals who could hold the Duke of Edinburgh title in the future. The Queen and Prince Philip's youngest son is Prince Edward, and he was given the Earl of Wessex title when he married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999. For several years, it was thought Edward would one day be given the Duke of Edinburgh title after his father's death. Edward worked closely with his father on the late Duke's flagship Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme. READ MORE: William's secret visit exposed as he met MI6  There has been some speculation Charles won't grant the title to Edward, due to his reported plans for a more 'slimmed-down' monarchy when he is at the helm. But former press secretary to the Queen, Dickie Arbiter, told The Sun last year: "That Prince Edward will become The Duke of Edinburgh in the next reign was his father's and is his mother's wishes and Prince Charles won't go against those. "It won't happen immediately, but by 2029, when Edward turns 65, it will. Time for speculation, without substance, to cease." If Charles gives Edward the Duke of Edinburgh title when he is King, his wife Sophie will likely become the Duchess of Edinburgh.  Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's eldest child Prince George could one day receive the Duke of Edinburgh title. If the title isn't given to Prince Edward, George could technically be given the title by Prince Charles if he marries during his grandfather's reign. Prince William was given the Duke of Cambridge title by the Queen when he married Kate Middleton in 2011, so a similar situation could occur if George gets married when Charles is King. However, under Prince William's reign, George is likely to become the Duke of Cornwall as heir apparent. George is also likely to get the Prince of Wales title, which is traditionally bestowed by the monarch on the heir to the throne. DON'T MISS:Why Kate could face tough reunion with George and Charlotte [INSIGHT]Prince William branded Prince George 'little rascal' in cheeky quip [ANALYSIS]The key way Charlotte and Louis will support Prince George as King [EXPLAINER]  If the Cambridge's youngest child, Prince Louis, gets married in the future, it stands to reason he could be given the Duke of Edinburgh title if it is vacant. Louis could be given the title by Prince Charles or Prince William, depending on who is monarch at the time. However, the second son of the monarch has usually been given the Duke of York title in recent centuries, so Louis may get that title instead. King George V was the second son of King Edward VII, and he previously held the Duke of York title. King George VI was also King George V's second son, and he was the Duke of York before he succeeded the throne. The current Duke of York is Prince Andrew, the Queen's second son, but the title will merge with the crown when Andrew dies as he has two daughters and no sons. 