The 40-year-old duchess was caught on camera with the kindergarteners around a campfire and was heard saying “Awww, I love you too” in response to a young boy who has seemingly told her “I love you”. Kate joined the children on a woodland ramble and a wood chopping activity where she was seen giving one young child a cuddle.  The trip was an informative fact-finding visit for the Duchess to learn about early years development for her Centre for Early Childhood. Kensington Palace said that the first day of the solo-trip was “all about understanding the very earliest stages of a child’s development here in Denmark.” The second day, the day of the woodland trip, was more about the Duchess learning “about the next stage of their life, focusing on children’s mental health and well-being.” The Duchess has famously supported encouraging play and learning with outdoor environments and she demonstrated with the garden she designed for the Chelsea Flower Show that featured elements of outdoor play.  At the Stenurten Forst Kindergarten embracing outdoor life is the backdrop to some of the children’s education and teaching, who blossom when given the freedom to play. The Forest Kindergarten prioritises and recognises social skills such as emotional and social development over traditional academic skills like mathematics and literacy. Denmark has been labelled a beacon for early childhood development and the nation frequently uses nature in their interactions with children as it is proven to benefit both their mental and physical health. The teaching assistant, Carla Bro showed Kate how to sit and grip the hammer before the Duchess split a log in three attempts. READ MORE:Diane Abbott must be booted out! Boris demands Starmer take action Kate engaged with the children and encouraged them as one boy went up to split a log Kate told him “you’re so strong.” There were other outdoor activities followed by a walk through the woodland and the session ended with mindfulness for the children to decompress after their activities. The Duchess asked Ms Bro about ensuring the safety of outdoor play for the children. The teaching assistant said: “She asked how we deal with risky play and how we keep things safe. DON'T MISS:'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights (REACTION)How often do you shower? You could be weakening your immune system (INSIGHT)'She looks gorgeous': Sophie Wessex stuns in blue wide-legged trousers (PICTURES) “We have safety rules and we teach the children they should not be afraid of tasks but treat them with respect.” The Duchess was dressed for the cold but sunny conditions in Denmark by wearing Blundstone boots, denim jeans, a polo-neck and a Seeland jacket. On Tuesday, the first day of her trip at the Children’s Museum in Copenhagen, the Duchess admitted to feeling broody from her work with early-years development saying: “William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. “I come home saying ‘let’s have another one’.” 