Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is taking a different approach from his Liverpool rival Jurgen Klopp to the Premier League title race. Man City’s defeat by Tottenham and Liverpool’s impressive run of form has closed the gap at the top of the table to just three points going into this weekend’s fixtures.      Guardiola’s side looked to have the title sewn up when they had strung together 12 successive victories, but a 1-1 draw with Southampton and a 3-2 defeat by Spurs has thrown a cat amongst the pigeons. Liverpool winning their two games in hand recently has cut the gap from 12 points, just two week ago, to three points with 12 matches remaining now. City travel to Goodison Park to play Everton on Saturday looking to get back on track after Harry Kane’s dramatic winner last weekend and Guardiola insists he is excited by the challenge presented by Liverpool. “Why should it not be exciting for me?” said Guardiola. “I'm more than delighted to be in this position. Now we have to try to win games. It’s so tough, but we know it. “We both know what we have to do. I’ve spoken many times to the players - focus on our job. If it's enough to be champions, then good. If not, then congratulations Liverpool. JUST IN: Guardiola's thoughts on Man City's transfer pursuit of Haaland “As I get old, I’m learning to enjoy my profession. I accept the defeats in a more natural way. “I don’t like it, because I don’t sleep well after a defeat, but I accept that the other teams can beat you. “I’m not so dramatic like 'we're going to lose the Premier League'. What’s the problem? The problem is how you behave and how you are as a team. DON'T MISS Carragher brutally taunts Man Utd icon Keane over Ronaldo again Chelsea vs Liverpool: Carabao Cup final 'to make big Ukraine gesture' Tottenham boss Antonio Conte lifts lid on Levy talks after outburst “I know what we have to do to beat Liverpool - we have to win a lot of games. “I didn’t just know that now, I knew it when we were 11 or 12 points ahead and they had two games in hand. I knew it, I felt it.” In stark contrast to Guardiola, Klopp insisted after his side’s 6-0 thrashing of Leeds on Wednesday that he was focused, rather than excited. "I'm not excited, but I think it's normal after a night like this that people get carried away a little bit, that's completely fine,” he told Premier League Productions post-match.  "But there's already Sunday looming around the corner. We have to be 100 per cent ready for that and all the rest. "Then we play cup again. The next league game is 10 days away. City are playing a league game in that time for sure. So it's how it is. "We have to win our football games, if we do that we'll be around, if we don't, there's no title race. If we do it, then maybe." Liverpool are out of Premier League action this weekend due to the Carabao Cup final against Chelsea at Wembley on Sunday. Klopp’s team then play Norwich in the FA Cup before getting back to the Premier League against West Ham next weekend. 