Salma Hayek was left hanging on stage after announcing Michael Keaton as the winner of an award at the prestigious Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Awards. The star was nowhere to be found when he was announced as the recipient of the best acting accolade. The SAG Awards were back in person last night as Hollywood glammed up for the awards show. However, with live TV came some blunders as the gongs were handed out. In one memorable moment, Salma took to the stage to present the award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Limited Series. The prestigious accolade was awarded to Michael for his performance in Dopesick. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him  Although after Salma announced he’d won, the star didn’t come on to the stage. Looking for him, she said: “Are you kidding me? I have stage fright. “Come on, Michael. Come on, Michael!” The former Batman actor then ran through the crowd and jumped onto the stage.   Addressing his absence, he quipped: “Thank you very much! Sorry. “Quick trip to the men’s room. It’s packed by the way.” The awards took place at the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California. Michael plays Samuel Finnix in the Hulu show which explores America's struggle with opioid addiction. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [PICTURES]Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit [INSIGHT]   His character is a doctor in a Virginia mining town who prescribes OxyContin to his patients to relieve pain. The actor dedicated his award to his late nephew in a heartfelt speech at the awards show. He said: "I am blessed to be able to do something that might improve someone's life. “I'm the most fortunate person.”  Tearing up, he continued: "Mostly, given the subject matter, this is for my nephew Michael and my sister Pam. “I lost my nephew Michael to drugs, and it hurts." This is not the first time the actor has opened up about his loss, as he explained what happened to The Hollywood Reporter back in August. Michael explained that his nephew had died of fentanyl and heroin in the past few years. He said: “I thought, ‘Well, if this is even remotely good, I have to do this.’ “It happens to be real good.” 