Talks over the Northern Ireland Protocol rage on, with a “breakthrough” seemingly no closer in this round than in the last. Now, Brussels has accused Britain of failing in another area of post-Brexit obligations by not keeping up its end of the bargain regarding EU nationals in Britain. As the latest meeting on the Protocol came to an end, the EU Commission Vice President said Britain was in breach of the Withdrawal Agreement with its treatment of EU nationals. The EU Settlement Scheme sees that EU citizens who settled in Britain before it left the bloc and lived in the country for less than five years can be granted pre-settled status. This would allow them to preserve their right to live and work in the UK. Brussels’s concern lies with the Government’s decision to require these citizens to produce a second application within five years of granting them this status. Those who fail to do so will be considered unlawfully present in the UK by the Home Office. Mr Sefcovic also expressed his disappointment at Whitehall’s insistence of distinguishing between those EU citizens who had private health insurance during their residence, while not working. Quoted in POLITICO, he said: “I had to regret the UK’s position on both issues so far and I will consider our next steps. “We are speaking about millions of people, their livelihoods, their families, their individual destiny. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape “I think it was a commitment from both of us that we will do our utmost for the UK nationals in the EU and the EU citizens staying in the UK.” Brussels believes Britain has failed to uphold its end of the commitment. The EU Commission understands that millions of EU citizens could be affected by the Government’s requirement. A British official, also quoted in POLITICO, accepted this was a “sensitive” and “important” topic, but stressed most citizens have had their statuses confirmed. DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] They said: “The vast majority of people, whether they’re EU people in the UK or UK people in EU member states, have had their status confirmed. “But obviously this is an incredibly sensitive and important area and we're being clear on what needs to happen for those who are facing problems.” Mr Sefcovic said he believed an “amicable solution” could be found on this issue. He added that talks on Monday over the Northern Ireland Protocol resulted – like all previous such talks – in “neither a breakthrough nor a breakdown”. Following the negotiation, former Brexit Minister Lord Frost accused the EU of being too hung up on minute red tape while war looms in the east. He said Brussels ought to be more “sensible”, citing squabbles over risk assessments attached to different types of olive oil, in order for a “sustainable solution” to be found.