AKI occurs when an individual’s kidneys suddenly stop working; this can either result in complete kidney failure or a minor loss of kidney function. If AKI is not treated quickly other organs may stop working properly while the shut down of the kidneys entirely can be fatal. NSAIDs can increase the risk of AKI in some individuals. The study analysed data from over 700,000 people and their use of NSAIDs during the pandemic and found that, despite warnings, those at high risk of AKI were still being prescribed NSAIDs. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: Presenter's diagnosis came as a 'huge shock' Dr Simon Fraser, one of the lead authors of the study, said: “This study shows concerning signs that NSAIDs are still being prescribed to some people at high risk of kidney damage. “GPs, nurse prescribers, and pharmacists need to be aware and consider stopping (or not prescribing) NSAIDs in high-risk patients.” If someone’s kidney’s do begin to fail and they need a transplant, they can obtain one on the NHS. However, there’s a problem of time.  The NHS said: “On average, the waiting time for a deceased donor kidney transplant is two-and-a-half to three years. Kidney donors can also be donated from a living person, as the body only needs one in order to function, however not everyone has that luxury. As a result, scientists are looking for alternative means and ways of solving the kidney and overall organ donation problem. This includes looking to other living organisms for organs, pigs for example, where there has been a recent breakthrough. In the United States doctors have recently succeeded in the transplantation of two pig kidneys into the body of a brain-dead man. Known as The Parsons Model, after the dead gentleman in question, the kidneys were successfully accepted by Jim Parsons throughout the duration of the experiment. In the aftermath of the result, Mr Parsons' family said: “[W]e had no doubt that this is what Jim would have wanted.” The reason why this operation is such a significant breakthrough is because pig organs are normally rejected by the human immune system. However, these pig organs were different in that they were genetically modified in a way that would prevent the human body from rejecting them. Four genes were switched off, including one that provokes an immune response. While the operation was an overall success, there remained some issues to sort out so that the pig kidney could replicate the functions of a human organ. For more information about kidney health or transplantation contact the NHS or consult with your GP.