Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has already made a bold selection call ahead of Sunday's Carabao Cup final clash with Chelsea. The Reds are aiming to get their hands on the trophy for the first time since 2012, with Manchester City's streak of triumphs brought to an end by West Ham in this year's Round of 16. Liverpool are on a rampaging run of form, having racked up nine consecutive wins in all competitions. Last time out, they hammered Leeds United 6-0 at Anfield, which will give them serious momentum heading into Sunday's final at Wembley. Chelsea are formidable opponents though, and they have put a rocky January firmly in the rearview mirror by embarking on their own run of six wins in a row. Even so, Klopp will seemingly stick to his guns regarding back-up goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher, who could be in store for one of the biggest games of his young career. JUST IN: Man City star Zinchenko attacks Vladimir Putin calling for 'painful death' Kelleher has played in every round of the Carabao Cup so far this season, aside from their semi-final first leg against Arsenal, but he has not featured in any capacity since February 6. "Caoimhin will play [in the final], if he is fit," Klopp said back in January. "We consider Caoimhin as an outstanding goalie. Not a good goalie, an outstanding goalie, and we want to keep him here. "And to keep him here you need to make sure of a few things. Before a season you need to think and talk about about the different games he will get. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's XI if they sign exciting Paul Pogba replacementJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Tottenham boss Conte's devious transfer battle with Fabio Paratici "It is all about performing of course. If he didn’t perform on the level he performed when he played then I would maybe think differently. "But he has shown he deserves all the trust and faith that we have in him. So that is the situation."  Kelleher has rarely put a foot wrong when called upon, and at just 23-years-old, the Cork-born youngster has already made two senior appearances for the Republic of Ireland. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will take a similar approach, as back-up stopper Kepa Arrizabalaga has featured regularly in the Carabao Cup this campaign. The Spaniard has also built a solid reputation when it comes to saving penalties, which could come into play if the match goes the distance. Tuchel will no doubt be debating further selection dilemmas, with Romelu Lukaku continuing to stumble in front of goal. Kai Havertz scored in his absence against Lille this week and could be in line to start through the middle. Meanwhile, Christian Pulisic was also amongst the goals, a player who Jamie Carragher claims should be a 'certain starter' for the Blues going forward. 