Don’t leave the size of your hydrangeas up to chance. Although these plants are very good at getting on with things without needing a green-fingered hand, these tips and tricks will give your plant a boost when it decides to flower. Caring for hydrangeas - including pruning, watering and mulching - can make the world of difference when it comes to your blooms.  Hydrangeas are one of Britain’s famous plants, with its big and beautiful blooms brightening up borders and flowerbeds. One of the reasons hydrangeas are so beloved by British gardeners is that they are pretty easy to care for. Hydrangeas may be fairly low-maintenance, but with some clever tips and a bit of know-how, you can guarantee perfect flowers every time. Here’s how to care for your hydrangeas to get the best bloom possible.  READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid Hydrangeas can be a thirsty customer and will be happiest in a moist soil. To improve your soil conditions, add well-rotted compost or manure. Making sure you water the soil very well before planting hydrangeas will help too. One of the most important ways to guarantee the best blooms is pruning hydrangeas at the right time.  Pruning your hydrangeas too early in the season can risk killing the young buds before the spring and summer blooms have a chance. The best time to prune hydrangea paniculata and hydrangea aborescens is early spring, once the risk of frost is gone. Because these two types of hydrangea produce flowers on new wood - unlike mophead and lacehead varieties - you don’t need to worry about over-pruning. You should prune the plant back leaving just two or three healthy buds on each stem, and take the opportunity to shape the plant, stopping it from growing too tall at the top.  DON'T MISS:Lawn tips: How to repair a waterlogged lawn in three steps [UPDATE]When to prune hydrangeas - Best time to cut back hydrangea [TIPS]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [INSIGHT] Mophead and lacehead hydrangeas, on the other hand, flower on old wood, so are happiest when pruned in mid to late spring, just before the plant blooms for summer. Don’t prune the hydrangea back too hard, as this may damage this summer’s growth. Just trim the old head back - the new buds will be growing beneath the old flowerhead, so this gives them the chance to break through.  It can’t be said enough: hydrangeas need to be well-watered. Especially in hot weather, your hydrangeas may wilt if they aren’t watered generously enough. To keep all that moisture in the soil around your plant, mulching is a gardener’s best friend. When spring comes around, mulching your hydrangea with leaf mould, manure or compost will help the plant to retain moisture, which will in turn help the hydrangea produce big and beautiful flowers.