The Good Karma Hospital series four finale airs on Sunday night and is set to see more troubles ahead for Dr Lydia Fonseca (played by Amanda Redman) and Greg McDonnell's (Neil Morrissey) as their wedding plans are put to a halt when three emergency admissions arrive. Dr Ruby Walker (Amrita Acharia) is also facing some tough decisions as Gabriel Varma (James Krishna Floyd) returned to the island after hearing that her father was dying. Will she be able to trust that his intentions are pure? The ITV series writer Dan Sefton opened up about the future of the series and admitted he had "no clue" as to what will happen for the series. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Dan revealed that as long as the storylines evolve, then so will the series. Touching on the show's future, he explained: "No clue, no clue. I think it's interesting that these shows always get to an interesting place. "We know what the show is, and from a creative point of view, once you know that, you keep going as long as people are enjoying watching it. "And you know the people who pay the money are happy to put their hands in their pockets. I think that's the situation we're in. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? "I think that the show was a very clear proposition, and it's got a loyal fan base who were hugely appreciative of it, and as long as people want to watch it, I think it will be it will be made," Dan said. "I think it will continue to evolve gradually," he continued. "You know, as seasons go by, but we don't need to reinvent everything. "I think that's the trick with TV, it's just it has to be a slow evolution, new characters come favourite characters move on. "And if the show was strong, if the tone of the show was strong, everyone knows what it is, then it can with that and get better and better. "And I think that's the case with this show that it has potential to just to keep going and to continue to be entertaining because that's been the ultimate goal." When asked what he thought made the show so popular and intriguing by audiences, he claimed: "I think it's very simple, you know, bad things happen, but ultimately the world's a decent place. "And I think that this is that this is what this show is about, I think a lot of shows, medical shows have been about, you know, essential sense of reassuring this as a whole even a word. "But that's what we try and do I mean, we push it we may well I think when the shows a little bit darker to people it's unexpected, people don't expect it to go there. DON'T MISS...The Good Karma Hospital season 5: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]Amanda Redman opens up on relationships with co-stars [LATEST]The Good Karma Hospital star details 'relief' on series return [WATCH] "But we don't leave you in that place, we always bring you back, and that's that's the aim, and that's what we try and do," Dan said. With the end of season four insight, there has been no confirmation as to whether the ITV drama series has been renewed for another season, leaving its future unclear. Ruby actress Amrita Acharia recently opened up on the daunting return to the series and told James Martin: "It was quite daunting to come back to it. “Because obviously I hadn't sort of lived in her, so to speak, for three years, I think since we last shot. “But you sort of find her where I think you find a lot of strong-willed, stubborn women at the end of a breakup, which wasn't instigated by them. "Which is probably in a bit of denial and wanting to punch something. So it was really lovely actually to explore a different side to Ruby and really sort of hone in on all her flaws. "She really doesn't know what to do about it or who to turn to, or what to do and throwing herself into work is kind of frustrating. “Even more so, it was a really interesting place to explore because I don't think she's really seen that side to her. “Not getting it right and messing up big time and really dealing with the consequences of her actions, you know, and having to face the fact that she's really not okay." The Good Karma Hospital season 4 concludes on Sunday, February 27, at 9pm on ITV.