James Martin, 49, is known for hosting his ITV show Saturday Kitchen every weekend. However, fans may not know about the star’s previous relationship with Hollywood producer Barbara Broccoli. The chef dated the James Bond producer after meeting her in 2001. They first met when Martin was auctioned off to cook her a meal at a charity fundraiser. After making a meal for her and her friends, the pair hit it off and organised to see each other again. The pair dated for four and a half years, which Martin called “surreal” and “exciting”.  In an unearthed piece, Martin opened up about some of the extravagant gifts she gave him during their relationship. Writing for the Daily Mail back in 2008, he explained she’d gifted him three Picasso paintings. As well as this, she’d offered to buy him a “state-of-the-art Aston Martin DBS, chassis number 007, costing an eye-watering £180,000.” While Martin explained they had a great relationship, he admitted he turned down the pricey gift.  He recalled how when they’d been at the dealership, Barbara had begun to buy him the car when he asked her not to. Martin explained: “I told her not to be so ridiculous but she was already saying: 'Yes, we'll have it black, with black interior, and we'll have the chassis number 007.' “I continued to say: 'No, we won't.' Barbara replied: 'Why not? If you want it we'll get it.' “I tried to explain to her that you can't just give someone a £180,000 car as a gift. A watch is a gift. A ring is a gift. A £180,000 car is too much. DON'T MISS... Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [TWITTER]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [PICTURES]   “It wasn't as if it was my birthday or Christmas - it was just a spur of the moment thought. “In the end, I said: 'If I want something, I'll work for it. Just drop it or we're going to fall out over this.'” The chef went on to admit he felt like this was a defining moment in their relationship where he felt there was an imbalance. The revelations came in his book Driven, which was published by Harper Collins in 2008. Martin is now dating TV producer Louise Davies, who he first met in 2011. The pair tend to keep out of the spotlight but made a rare appearance together back in September.  The couple appeared at the Fortnum and Mason 2021 Food and Drink Awards. Martin has previously opened up about their relationship, admitting they’re unlikely to marry any time soon. He said to the Sunday People in 2019: "No, it doesn't interest me in the slightest, mainly because I've catered for so many weddings, really. “I admire people who do it, that's fine, but I'm quite happy. “I don't need to spend 60 grand on a day, no, I'm more than happy thanks." 