Inheritance tax (IHT) is currently set at 40 percent of the value of estate assets over the £325,000 threshold and is a burden for many Britons hoping to pass on wealth, property and other assets. However, as each country generally sets their own IHT rates and rules, what do expats need to be aware of to avoid accidentally missing their tax bill?  Many dread the so-called death tax, but there are ways Britons can reduce their liabilities and avoid leaving their families with a seven figure tax bill after their death. This requires a great amount of work and understanding, or hiring a financial professional to be on their side. One such example is nil rate bands in the UK, wherein estates below the £325,000 threshold have no tax liabilities. So what does this mean for expats who may find themselves an estate split between two countries and could they lower their liabilities?   Jason Porter, director at Blevins Franks Financial Management, discussed what the record breaking IHT numbers means for these expats on the company website. Essentially, it all depends on one’s domicile status, he said. Domicile refers to one’s permanent home, while residence differs in referring to a temporary home. UK IHT is payable on the estate of a UK-domiciled person that has died, regardless of where the estate is left in the world.     It is also due on gifts made by UK-domiciled people within the seven years before their death. Expats who find themselves domiciled elsewhere, will only need to pay UK IHT on UK assets that form part of their estate. Mr Porter highlighted that expats can live overseas for many years but still be considered a UK domicile, making their international estate liable for IHT, except for France which has a different situation. Additionally, the IHT exemption for estates given to spouses are limited when given to a non-UK domiciled spouse.  This exemption usually allows one to give their spouse or civil partner their entire estate without incurring any IHT. Additionally, spouses can also pass on the nil rate band to each other. Meaning that the last surviving spouse who has inherited everything from their spouse can pass on their estate with an allowance of £650,000. Additionally, there is the residential nil-rate band which offers an added £175,000 allowance per person when passing on homes directly to one's children or grandchildren.  For a couple, this can also be passed on from one to another, making a total of £350,000. Combining these two allowances can see UK-domiciled couples passing on an estate worth £1million without incurring IHT. There are also other allowances such as different gifting allowances, with the amounts depending on the occasion and value of the gift. Utilising all of these allowances together may mean Britons and expats can legally reduce their IHT bill.