Michael Buble has revealed he and his wife Luisana Lopilato are expecting their fourth child together. The sweet news was announced in Michael's video for his new song I'll Never Not Love You. In a clip from the video obtained by TMZ, Luisana can be seen cralding her growing baby bump as the couple recreate the day they first met. Coincidentally, this was during filming for the music video of his song Just Haven't Met You Yet, which Luisana starred in. The pair have been married since 2011, and they share three children already - Noah, eight, Elias, six, and Vida, three. TMZ reported the video will contain references to romantic films including Titanic and The Notebook. The public were devastated to hear the news of the Bublé family's heartache when their son Noah was diagnosed with liver cancer back in 2016. He was suffering from liver cancer hepatoblastoma, a rare tumour that originates in the cells in the liver. After receiving the news, Michael immediately cancelled upcoming gigs including a performance at the BBC Music Awards and hosting the 2017 Brit Awards. Noah, who was only three years old at the time of his diagnosis, then went through a brutal period of chemotherapy to try and rid him of the disease. Last November, Michael issued a heartwarming update on Noah's condition. Speaking to Kate Garraway on Smooth Radio, he said: "It's been almost five years, so we still have the scans and the 'scanxiety', you know what, I think he's much better than we are. "I think for him he's this normal little boy who knows that he's a superhero because dad tells him all the time. "But for mum and I, I think even though we're better it's definitely something that… it's there." READ MORE...David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [SECRETS]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE] The singer also revealed the experience had completely changed how he sees the world. "You know, it's funny, I truly believe that when you've truly suffered and when you have gone through adversity it gives you an opportunity to live a deeper life," he said. "And in a strange way, though I'm happy for people that haven't had to suffer that kind of pain or that kind of fear, I also, I worry because I know that sometimes when you've lived a perfect life without any adversity… then the second something happens people get very bitter, and I'm grateful for having had the opportunity to live a deep life. "I live a deep life, I love hard and I know love is expensive, I know it has a big cost, but I wouldn't have it another way and it gives me the perspective I need to try to be a better man, to try to live a happier life and to really take moments and just to hold them because you know how lucky you are, because you know what? Things are tough and we've got to be grateful." Liver cancer hepatoblastoma usually affects individuals in early childhood, and if not caught early can spread to other parts of the body, including the lungs. Great Ormond Street explains that the liver is one of the largest, yet most complex organs in the body. It has a number of important functions, making liver cancer a life-threatening condition. Some individuals do not present any symptoms of the condition, but for those who do, symptoms to look out for include: The condition is usually diagnosed after a blood test shows an increase in alpha-fetoprotein (AFP), or ultrasounds show a tumour is present in the liver. With further tests, doctors are able to determine the extent of the disease and the type of treatment individuals should receive.