Chelsea's recent Club World Cup triumph saw the Blues make history as they completed the silverware set, having now won every trophy on offer within the Roman Abramovich era. Since the Russian billionaire purchased the club back in the summer of 2003, countless faces have come and gone as the west London club have searched far and wide for an elusive combination of players to secure success. While some have gone on to enjoy glittering Chelsea careers and write their own passage in Stamford Bridge folklore, others have faded into obscurity. The likes of Didier Drogba, Frank Lampard and John Terry remain household names and prominent figures in the game, but many of their team-mates were fated for less fame and fortune. Those that haven't left a lasting legacy in west London have often been left to forge their careers elsewhere in journeys that have taken them all over the globe. In the wake of the Chelsea's latest triumph, Express Sport takes a closer look at eight former Blues who we can't believe are still eking out careers in the beautiful game today. JUST IN: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale The Blues controversially captured a teenage Kakuta from Lens back in 2007, but eventually saw a transfer ban overturned amid talk of illegally tapping him up. After mustering a handful of first-team appearances, the promising French winger was shipped out on loan to six different teams across five different countries, before eventually departing for Sevilla. His journeyman career has seen him since join the mass exodus to China and spend time in Spain, however these days, the 30-year-old can be found scoring the occasional screamer back in France having gone full circle and returned to Lens. Chelsea made Zhirkov the most expensive Russian footballer of all-time with they paid out £18million for his services back in 2009 after seeing him star for CSKA Moscow, and his country at Euro 2008. His exploits that year led to a nomination for the prestigious Ballon d'Or, however the left-back subsequently failed to hit the heights, returning to Russian with a briefly bankrolled Anzhi Makhachkala after two unspectacular seasons in the Premier League. Spells with Dynamo Moscow and Zenit St Petersburg have followed in the years since, and these days, Zhirkov is turning out for Khimki at the ripe old age of 38. DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye deal (TRANSFERS)Chelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star man (INSIGHT)Chelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display (ANALYSIS)  Once dubbed 'the German Messi', it's fair to say there was a lot of expectation on the young shoulders of Marko Marin when he made the move to Stamford Bridge from Werder Bremen back in 2012. As is the case with all who are compared to the Argentine superstar, he failed to live up to that billing and was sold to Olympiacos in 2016 after loan spells with Sevilla, Fiorentina, Anderlecht and Trabzonspor. His travels have since seen him turn out in Serbia and Saudi Arabia, but these days, at 32, he's plying his trade with Hungarian champions Ferencvaros. Having started out in his homeland, the French striker spent three years at Chelsea between 2014 and 2017 after impressing while on loan at Newcastle following QPR's Premier League relegation. Firmly in the shadow of a certain Diego Costa, Remy found minutes hard to come by at Stamford Bridge and didn't fare much better during a dismal loan spell at Crystal Palace. After subsequent stints in Spain and France, Remy joined Caykur Rizespor, but earlier this month, the 35-year-old made the move to fellow Turkish outfit Adana Demirspor to complete a formidable forward line also containing Britt Assombalonga and Mario Balotelli. One of the first to buck the trend of young English footballers and ply his trade abroad, Michael Mancienne left boyhood club Chelsea and moved to Germany before it was cool. Following loan spells with QPR and Wolves, the six-time Chelsea first-teamer joined Hamburg, then of the Bundesliga, back in 2011, where he stayed for three seasons. The versatile defender then returned home with Nottingham Forest before spending time with New England Revolution, however these days, at 34, he's on the books of Burton Albion. King of the trivela, the mercurial Quaresma was only handed five opportunities to dazzle Chelsea's faithful with his box of tricks during a short-lived spell on loan from Inter Milan back in 2009. Scarcely used by Jose Mourinho during Inter's historic treble season, the Portuguese winger spent two spells with Besiktas, as well as time with Al-Ahli, Porto and Kasimpasa over the next decade. Nowadays, the 38-year-old is back in his homeland with Vitoria Guimaraes and was recently spotted carrying an allegedly-injured opponent off the pitch after growing frustrated by his time-wasting tomfoolery. After drawing premature comparisons to Diego Maradona and Hernan Crespo, Di Santo was snapped up by Chelsea from Chilean side Audax Italiano back in 2008, but zero goals in his 16 club appearances saw him swiftly moved on. The Argentine attacker was loaned to Blackburn before spending three seasons at fellow Premier League outfit Wigan, where he was crowned an FA Cup winner against all the odds. In the years since, Di Santo has turned out for Werder Bremen, Schalke, Rayo Vallecano, Atletico Mineiro, but at 32, is now back in his homeland with San Lorenzo.  After making his first-team bow with Bristol Rovers at the tender age of 15, Scott Sinclair was soon snapped up by the Blues and big things were expected. However, the electric winger proved to be one of many who found themselves repeatedly loaned out by Chelsea, experiencing six spells at lesser English clubs before making the permanent move to Swansea in 2010. A similar fate followed after he joined another of England's elite in Manchester City as they lent him to West Brom and Aston Villa. A highly-successful trophy-laden stint with Celtic then followed, and these days, the evergreen Sinclair - still only 32 - is playing for Preston North End.  