Matthew Perry, who worked alongside Jennifer Aniston for years as the character Chandler Bing, is releasing a new book about his exploits titled Friends, Lovers And The Big Terrible Thing - and it promises to be explosive reading. However, Jennifer, who played Rachel Green on the show, might not be as keen as his 7.8 million social media followers to read it. The Friends star is said to be concerned over whether there will be any secrets about herself and her ex-husband Brad Pitt in the book. Her widely-publicised Hollywood marriage with the fellow actor failed and his subsequent romance with Angelina Jolie had led Jennifer at the time to announce that her ex had "a sensitivity chip missing". However, even if it's a part of her past she'd rather forget, that could prove difficult if any revelations crop up in Matthew's book. Earlier this month he confirmed to fans that his memoir would hit store shelves in November. READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "So much has been written about me in the past. I thought it was time people heard from me [personally]," he has announced. "The highs were high, the lows were low. "But I have lived to tell the tale, even though at times it looked like I wouldn’t. And it’s all in here. "I apologize it’s not a pop up book." Jennifer's marriage didn't end until a year after her time on Friends ended, but that hasn't stopped her from feeling concerned. A source told Closer magazine that "she is anxious" and "with good reason" with how much Matthew knows about the situation. "He hasn’t suggested that the book will include private details about anyone else," the source continued, "but Jen knows Matthew will want a bestseller and, to achieve that, he’ll need to expose as many juicy secrets as possible. DON'T MISS... 'How dare he?' Piers Morgan fumes over Prince Andrew settlement claims [DEBATE] Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [PHOTOS] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST] "And being privy to one of the most high-profile showbiz splits in history, he knows that will be something everyone will want to know about." After an entire decade working together on Friends, it has been suggested to her that Matthew would "never betray her". However, the source also revealed: "She is acutely aware that she’s barely spoken to him over the last few years." The passage of time may have loosened their loyalty to each other and, according to the source, "that close bond they shared has very much dissipated". During the Friends reunion show last year, Matthew had admitted that he, Jennifer and other stars including Lisa Kudrow and Matt LeBlanc, had been "inseparable" during their time filming together. Express.co.uk has contacted Matthew Perry, Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt's representatives for comment. The legendary fairytale romance between Jennifer and Brad culminated in a marriage that lasted five years, but ended sadly in 2005. However, another source suggested to US Weekly over the weekend that Matthew's ambitions included a desire to "clear up rumours" about his relationship with the other cast members. They revealed ominously: "It wasn't always a bed of roses for Matthew on and off the Friends set [and] he'll also discuss what it was like at the reunion, both good and bad."