Manchester United are now the 'top favourites' to sign Tottenham striker Harry Kane this summer, according to reports. Manchester City wanted to sign Kane last summer but Spurs were resolute in their stance that the England captain was not for sale. City will now turn their attention elsewhere to potentially open the door for rivals United. Kane was keen on leaving Tottenham ahead of this season and City were his preferred destination. The 28-year-old is yet to win any major team silverware in his career. Kane struggled in the early months of this season in a hint he was not happy to have had a move away blocked. But he has started to hit top form of late, especially in the surprise 3-2 win over City last Saturday. JUST IN: Declan Rice has clear 'first choice' between Chelsea and Man Utd if he leaves West Ham  But despite the man of the match performance from Kane, German outlet Bild says City will not pursue the forward this summer. The report claims Borussia Dortmund sensation Erling Haaland is now at the top of their wishlist. Haaland's father Alf-Inge played for City in his playing career and the club want the forward to follow in his footsteps. Haaland has an astonishing record of 56 goals in 57 Bundesliga games since joining Dortmund in January 2020. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'tentative interest' in £50m striker who West Ham had bid rejected for [GOSSIP]Lionel Messi 'will return' to Barcelona as Maradona's son predicts imminent switch [QUOTES]Man Utd may get chance to hire better manager than Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino [OPINION]  The forward's release clause of around £63million (€75m) becomes active this summer, which will attract plenty of Europe's top clubs. Bild says City are among the favourites to sign the Norwegian because they can offer him everything he wants. And that would leave United as Kane's most likely destination if he were to leave Tottenham. United's interest in appointing Mauricio Pochettino as their next permanent manager could have a big say in whether they get a deal for Kane over the line.  Kane enjoyed the best time of his career when Pochettino was in charge of Tottenham. Bild says the duo 'want to continue' where they left off at Spurs by reuniting at Old Trafford. Kane has two-and-a-half years remaining on his current Tottenham contract. He turns 29 in July so his next contract is likely to be the last big deal of his career. Kane wanted to see how Spurs progressed under Antonio Conte before deciding whether to push for another exit this summer, but that decision could be made for him with the Italian boss seemingly intent on quitting.  It looks likely at most only one of United or Tottenham could be in the Champions League next season. Spurs currently sit eighth in the Premier League, six points behind United with two games in hand. Both sides could miss out on Europe's elite club competition, with Arsenal looking strong following their late 2-1 win over Wolves on Thursday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 