The Warehouse in Hendon will open its doors officially at a launch party on March 6 after being set up as a response to the rise of anti-Semitic attacks which began when Jeremy Corbyn was leader of Labour and have not dropped since. Charity founder Marco Laurence, a 25-year-old trader in the City, had the idea when he returned to the UK after a two year break away, first studying in Israel and then as a competitive kickboxer in Thailand. He said: “I came back to London in May of 2021 and all of a sudden I saw in the Jewish community people were scared walking around, people were getting attacked. “The amount of physical antisemitic attacks in the period of June to December 2021 was an increase of 490 per cent from the year before. “That was having an impact on people’s physical health but also their emotional and mental health. People were afraid to have any signs of Judaism.” He told the Sunday Express that he has been attacked himself, spat at and called “a dirty Jew” by anti-Semites and has had regular updates of other attaches including on girls going to school and old men. He said that Corbyn’s leadership of Labour which was marred by anti-Semitism had made people “feel it was legitimate2 to attack Jews but the problem had not gone away since he resigned as leader in 2020. Mr Laurence said: “I decided that something ought to be done. So I partnered with a local Jewish organisation, a charity called Chazak. “We built the Warehouse which is to fundamentally help the community because it is open to everyone not just Jews but it is focussing on antisemitism.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The new charity which has a board of 15 all aged under 25 aims to help people “body, mind and soul” with a club which has a top range boxing ring, provides space for jujitsu and Thai kickboxing lessons as well as a therapy room. It has the pro bono help from a therapist, psychiatrist and sports trainers and is open to the whole community as well as Jews although it is focussed on tackling anti-Semitism. “We are teaching people how to notice signs of danger, avoid crowds and minimise any chance of being attacked,” said Mr Laurence. “I think there is a strong link between that and mental health. Physical activity helps you feel good but more than that if you have confidence in yourself it helps people.” He insisted that the lessons were as much about self discipline and confidence as the ability to fight. He added: “We are not trying to create an army of Jewish people, we want people to feel confident that they can go out and feel empowered.” Attendees will be asked to pay a £7 fee but it will be waived for those who cannot pay, while others will have the opportunity to pay more as a donation. More information can be found at http://www.thewarehouse-wellness.co.uk/ and https://www.instagram.com/thewarehouse_wellness/.