In the case of the invasion of Ukraine, it only took a matter of days from Putin’s official recognition of the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk for Russia to launch a full invasion. In contrast to what Neville Chamberlain said in relation to Czechoslovakia, Boris Johnson rightly stated in relation to Ukraine: “And this is not in the infamous phrase some faraway country of which we know little”. Far from knowing little, we know a great deal about Ukraine and its relationship to Russia and to the European Union and NATO. Boris went on to say: “Our mission is clear - diplomatically, politically, economically – and eventually, militarily – this hideous and barbaric venture of Vladimir Putin must end in failure”.Indeed, on February 22, I commended the Prime Minister on his prescience on Ukraine and that of our Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace, I then went on to ask him to confirm, (which he did) that “escalating economic sanctions against Russia and fully effective defensive support for Ukraine can never be allowed to fail”, especially given that President Putin’s aggression affects all its European neighbours, and has an ever-increasing global reach, including even in places such as Africa - specifically Mali and Libya.This global reach is also a grave strategic matter of concern because it was only recently that he met with President Xi of China (February 4 2022), and today we heard that Chinese military aircraft have been identified in Taiwan’s air defence zone. We have Iran giving support to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and we have the uncertainty about any moves which Kim Jong-un may yet make whilst the equilibrium of the entire planet is being shaken to its roots. Of course, Russia’s aggression is not confined only to its European sphere of operations. It is belatedly encouraging to hear that the European Union is waking up to the deadly existential threat Putin poses - having sleepwalked into this international catastrophe.Today's invasion has been a consequence of a generational failure by Germany and the European Union, including the failure of the Minsk Accords, which President Macron was still vainly seeking to revive only last week.Of course, we want to work with European countries as allies, especially now and as a sovereign state has left the European Union on our own terms in alliance with the USA and through NATO. Our ability to take such action is one of the outcomes of Brexit itself. Lessons had to be, and still have to be, learned, and the West is paying a heavy price. I wrote a Leader in the European Journal in January 2001, warning that dependence on Russian gas provided Russia with a weapon against the European Union, and therefore the economic security of the whole of the European Union. In the meantime, Nord Stream 2 was fast becoming one of the greatest strategic mistakes of our time, exacerbating this dependence on Russian gas supplies for both Germany and to the EU as a whole. Indeed today, the former German Chancellor, Gerhard Schröder, is still Chairman of the Russian Energy Company Rosneft, in addition to being on the Board of Directors of Gazprom itself, and Chairman of the Shareholders Committee for Nord Stream. In the article I wrote in 2001, I warned against German firms increasing their stake in Russia’s giant energy conglomerate Gazprom itself. Germany’s Vice-Chancellor, Robert Habeck, has now confirmed that Germany relies on Russia to supply an astounding 35 percent of its oil, 50 percent of its coal and 55 percent of its gas. This tragically can all be traced to the Treaty between President Gorbachev and Chancellor Kohl in 1990, which led to a massive shift in the balance of power in Eastern and Central Europe when they signed this bilateral treaty, putting Germany, and also Europe, into a position of dependence on Russian energy.Even now, there seems to be a reluctance to commit to cancelling the Nord Stream pipeline. It has clearly been put on ice rather than thrown out completely. In the meantime, we must categorically demonstrate our protection of Russia’s Eastern European neighbours, who have NATO protection, reasserting unequivocally NATO’s commitment to and restatement of Article 5 of the NATO Treaty. Germany, in merely providing 50,000 helmets and appearing only to pause Nord Stream 2 is no response to a crisis of this scale. We must urge Germany, and France with its recent recommitment to the failed Minsk Accords, to make fundamental and long-term changes in response to this horrendous Russian venture.We cannot afford to look only into the past, we must also look to the future, however late in the day, and whatever the impact of sanctions. As I said in the House on February 22, we must never allow our support for Ukraine to fail. We cannot allow freedom and democracy to be subverted by naked aggression towards a sovereign, democratic country, or we will be destroying the very foundations on which our own freedom and democracy depend.On a personal note, being born on May 10 1940 as Hitler invaded France and the Low Countries and Churchill became Prime Minister, throughout my life I have been mindful of the massive sacrifice that we made in the Second World War. We learned then that dictators must never be allowed to succeed, as our Prime Minister has made clear in the last few days, and he deserves our enduring support. 