In a heartfelt post on Instagram, Oti Mabuse announced her departure from the BBC competition after seven years on the show on Tuesday afternoon. However, BBC bosses seem to already have their eye on Jowita Pryzstal to replace Oti as a permanent professional dancer in the upcoming series. In a statement confirmed by the BBC, they said: "Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. "Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show’s most memorable moments, and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers but the entire team. "She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years." With preparations for the upcoming series this Autumn already underway, The Sun reported Jowita could be set to replace Oti. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? A TV insider told The Sun: "She is very much seen as a rising star within the show’s team of dancers. "And producers like to continually introduce fresh blood to the Strictly troupe. That was one of the reasons they brought Oti into the show seven years ago when she was relatively unknown." Express.co.uk contacted the BBC for a comment, to which they said: "We decline to comment. I can brief you that we're not in a position to yet confirm which dancers will be in Strictly 2022." Before making her move over to Strictly Come Dancing as a professional dancer last year, Jowita and Oti worked closely together on BBC's The Greatest Dancer. The pair won the series in 2020 together along with Jowita's dance partner Michael Danilczuk and came back to perform with Oti on Strictly a year later. Jowita, unfortunately, wasn't paired with a celebrity in the 2021 series but quickly became a popular fixture amongst the professional and group numbers. Announcing her exit on her Instagram, Oti wrote: "Never easy to say goodbye. I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing, for the past seven years, and it has been an incredible time. "Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! You are my family, and I adore you all forever. DON'T MISS...Motsi Mabuse baffles fans with tweet after Oti's Strictly exit [INSIGHT]Oti Mabuse branded a ‘diva’ by Strictly co-star after leaving show [LATEST]Craig Revel Horwood insists Oti Mabuse's Strictly exit 'Brilliant news [LATEST] "I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK – which I now call home, and I have learnt and grown so much – Thank You from the bottom of my heart." Oti isn't the only judge being replaced this year, as Anton Du Beke, who stood in for Bruno Tonioli last year, is set to become a permanent fixture on the panel. Bruno Tonioli has been a judge on the BBC show for 16 years and was expected to return to the show after Craig gave his support by casting him on the live tour. However, it seems BBC bosses are keen to keep Anton firmly in his seat after he became a hit with the viewers. According to The Sun, a source revealed: "We have been told Anton’s contract as a judge is going to be renewed. The bosses were really happy with his performance. "It also hasn’t escaped their notice his salary is considerably lower than Bruno’s. "Bruno has been an integral part of Strictly for more than a decade, and there is a huge amount of affection for him from those on the show. “This decision will ruffle some feathers, not least with Craig, who has been a very, very vocal advocate for welcoming Bruno back. But the bosses’ attitude is, ‘If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a statement, however, they declined to give one. Strictly Come Dancing series 19 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, and the new series will air later this year.