China's President Xi Jinping has confirmed that during a conversation with his Russian counterpart he supported efforts to resolve the war in Ukraine "through dialogue". This is widely seen as a blow to Putin - whose country and China are normally firmly aligned on the international stage. President Xi called on Putin "to negotiate with Ukraine". The pair spoke this morning, as Putin said that he was willing to hold high-level talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. This apparent olive branch of peace was dismissed by many Western leaders because Putin appeared to be demanding an unconditional surrender in return for leaving the former Soviet country. And with fighting raging across the country, his words quickly rang hollow. READ MORE: Putin ‘fantasy’ burst as Russian military facing ‘heavy’ casualties Before today's comments, China refused to call Russia's action an "invasion" or openly criticise Moscow. During their conversation, Putin blamed the conflict on the West and the continued eastward-creep of NATO - something which he said ignored Russia's legitimate security concerns. President Xi insisted that China's position on "respecting every country’s sovereignty and territorial integrity" remained "consistent" - hinting it did not approve of Russia's action. His lukewarm response came as at least two of China’s largest state-owned banks restricted financing for purchases of Russian commodities, underscoring the limits of Beijing’s pledge to maintain economic ties with one of its most important strategic partners in the face of sanctions by the US and its allies. DON'T MISS: Russia soldiers stand down as they 'didn't know they were sent to kill [REVEALED] Ukraine war: 'F*** you doing in our land?' BRILLIANT takedown [VIDEO]Ukraine fury over NATO report as Putin wages terrifying war [INSIGHT] Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd’s offshore units stopped issuing US dollar-denominated letters of credit for purchases of physical Russian commodities ready for export, two people familiar with the matter said. This emerged as President Xi called for all sides to abandon a Cold War mentality - something which could be interpreted as a dig at Putin who repeatedly referenced the Soviet Union in a televised speech before yesterday's invasion. Experts believe that China is likely to help Russia "behind the scenes" - mindful that Putin is still a valuable ally on the international stage. But as the UK, EU and US roll out increasingly harsh sanctions on the increasingly-pariah state, he needs to "walk a fine line" as it tries to avoid damaging its links to the West.   This balancing act could see Beijing potentially becoming an "influential factor in shaping an evolving crisis", observers claim. Aside from the political situation, the performance of Russia's military has been accused of being far from satisfactory in sweeping Ukraine's far inferior army aside. Instead of capitulating, the country's army has reportedly inflicted heavy losses on Russian forces.  Armed Forces Minister James Heappey told the Commons today: "Suffice to say, we are pretty certain that in the Kremlin last night there will have been some pretty urgent reflections on the speed of the advance compared to what they anticipated. "I think that Russian people should be calling President Putin and the kleptocracy that surrounds him out on that, because young Russian men and women are being sacrificed in the name of President Putin's hubris."