The steep rise in diabetes prevalence could see the condition grow to pandemic proportions in coming years. While both forms of diabetes are linked to genetics, only type 2 diabetes is associated with weight. The condition is mainly characterised by blood sugar dysregulation which can lead to grave health issues if left unmanaged. Fortunately, one plant could help manage blood sugar levels, according to various bodies of research. Aloe vera is highly touted for its medicinal qualities, which include antiarthritic, anticancer and anti-diabetic properties. One study published in the Journal of Traditional and Complementary Medicine, in 2015, suggested the plant's extensive antioxidants could be responsible for these effects. The researchers suggested that regular intake of aloe vera helps to improve fasting blood glucose levels and reduce body fat and weight. The plant’s metabolism-boosting qualities have been credited to vitamin B, which converts body fat into energy. READ MORE: Diabetes: The spice known to decrease blood glucose spikes -improves insulin sensitivity Evidence is growing that with efficient weight loss, type 2 diabetes could be put into remission. The glucose-lowering effects of the plant have been observed when taken as a supplement or a juice. Medicine Net adds: “Aloe vera juice may drastically lower blood sugar levels when taken with medication.” “[But] people with existing diabetes should consult their physician before taking aloe vera juice as a dietary supplement." One study published in the Journal of Clinical Pharmacy and Therapeutics, in 2016, confirmed these claims after conducting a meta-analysis of eight trials involving 470 patients. The trials showed that aloe vera significantly improved fasting blood glucose, but had little to no effect on the haemoglobin - which reflects blood glucose from the 90 previous days. The author noted: “The current evidence suggests some potential benefit of Aloe vera in improving glycemic control in pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes.” The researchers stated that limitations of the available evidence, however, warranted further research to confirm these results. Diabetes occurs when the production of insulin in the pancreas ceases, or sensitivity to the hormone dwindles. Insulin enables blood sugar to be taken up by cells and converted into energy, so without it, blood sugar levels increase dramatically. Depending on the levels of blood sugar, symptoms may manifest differently.