Chelsea forward Romelu Lukaku has been slammed by former England manager Glenn Hoddle after the striker was left out of the Blues team to face Lille in the Champions League. Hoddle believes Lukaku has “been nowhere near his best” since his “stupid interview” with Sky Italia last year. Chelsea shelled out a club record £97.5million to sign Lukaku from Inter Milan last summer after the Belgium international impressed during two seasons in Italy. Lukaku had already spent three years at Stamford Bridge earlier in his career but Thomas Tuchel was desperate to get him back to west London for a second spell. The powerhouse striker bagged four goals in his first four matches for Chelsea this season, but has found the back of the net just six times in 24 games since then. Lukaku upset his club in December after criticising Tuchel during an interview. And Hoddle believes the player has looked a shadow of his former self ever since. “I think it's the right one - he's not been playing well enough,” Hoddle said as he discussed Tuchel’s decision to drop the star for the first leg of Chelsea’s last 16 showdown. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley  “Any sort of manager, you've got the right to drop a player if he's not playing up to his best. “Since that interview he's been nowhere near his best. He's had an injury, he had that stupid interview that upset everything. “It's upset him more than anything and at the end of the day it's time to take him out.” Lukaku arrived at Stamford Bridge to a rapturous welcome and was expected to be key to his side’s Premier League title hopes. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)   But things soon came crashing down after his strong start. “I'm just not very happy with the situation, but that's normal,” Lukaku said in December after struggling for gametime. “I think the boss has decided to play a different formation but I have to stick at it and get on with it professionally. “I'm not happy with the situation but it's my job and I mustn't give up.” And the 28-year-old even admitted he wanted to play for Inter again.   “The way I left Inter and the way I communicated with the Inter fans - I'm annoyed about that because it's not the right time now but it wasn't the right time when I left either,” Lukaku added. “I always said that I love Inter and I'll play for them again. I really hope so. I fell in love with Italy.” Lukaku notched twice during the Blues’ Club World Cup triumph earlier this month and had started his side’s last nine matches before Tuesday’s encounter. But he may have to get used to warming the bench again.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 