St John's House is set to be the largest home built in Britain in the last 100 years. It has been influenced by the extraordinary mansion in F. Scott Fitzgerald’s The Great Gatsby, according to Tatler magazine. The property, built on a huge 60-acre space, will be worth an eye-watering £100million. The grand building has been designed by none other than Prince Charles’ favourite architect Professor Robert Adam. He will bring Jay Gatsby's party house to life. The 68,000 sq.ft home will look out at a vast 30 mile view of Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. READ MORE: Inside Princess Anne's 700-acre 'normal everyday house' Gatcombe Park It will be neighboured by the Cornbury Estate, Blenheim Palace, and the Glympton Estate, which form the ‘Golden Triangle’. The luxurious home will include everything required for a lavish lifestyle. Boasting a reception hall, bar, ballroom and kitchen specially designed to host large events, it will hugely resemble the mansion F. Scott Fitzgerald once envisioned. It is here that fiction will become reality. The house will be reminiscent of the Long Island mansions home to obscenely rich bankers and Wall Street investors in the 1920s, but with a British countryside backdrop. Inhabitants can relax in the many facilities including an outdoor pool, spa, sauna, steam room. It will also be complete with a gym, tennis court and bowling alley, as well as a private cinema and music and games rooms. The top floor is a master bedroom suite, with the first floor boasting nine bedrooms, all with en-suites. Other spaces for guests will include two gate houses and guest lodge, which brings the 68,000 sq ft home up to an enormous 74,000 sq ft. To understand the sheer size of the property, a football pitch is 64,000 sq ft. Additionally, the house features its own private museum, and has space to display up to 50 cars, sculptures and artefacts. With Oxford International Airport just five minutes away, it is the perfect place for a helicopter landing pad. Charles Elsmore-Wickens, a property agent at Savills, said: “This really is an outstanding opportunity for someone to build the house of their dreams. "Some things in life are rare but this really is unique!” Savills shared that this exquisite building is many years in the making, with 24 years worth of planning going into it. They added: "Designed and conceived for the world's most discerning buyer to enable they and their family to accommodate and enjoy their cherished possessions, from exquisite collections of art, fine wines and classic automobiles, to thoroughbred horses and antiquities. This is a home that is as exceptional and rare as the priceless collections you wish to enjoy. "The epitome of luxurious living and entertaining, St John's House overlooks some of the most beautiful countryside in the UK and is ready to build to your exacting standards and precise lifestyle needs. All internal spaces can be configured for your style of living and unique security requirements." Future Prince Charles and wife Duchess of Cornwall's London home Clarence House is an astonishing £56.6million, but this is only slightly less than half of this out-of-this world architectural masterpiece.