Loose Women star Nadia Sawalha was devastated to learn of the loss of her co-star's son, Jamal Edwards, who had launched the careers of artists from Ed Sheeran to Stormzy, worked with the royals, and earned himself an MBE for services to music while still in his early 20s. His short, but eventful, life ended yesterday following a sudden illness - and Nadia joined many stars in publicly mourning his loss. "How brutal and cruel life can be," she sympathised, in view of her 161,000 Twitter followers. "Rest in peace @jamaledwards. "All of our hearts are aching for your mum @brenda_edwards your family and your many friends, and of course the unquantifiable others you helped. "It’s clear you will leave a gaping hole in the lives of many." READ NOW: Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife The musical legend, who had appeared in the Forbes 30 Under 30 list, was mourned by many of Nadia's followers too. "The saddest of news yesterday," @donnaelaine17 wrote. "Let’s hope the love and support for Brenda and his family will in time help them as they come to terms with their loss. They adored each other it’s such a loss. RIP Jamal." @CaroleDavey20 echoed: "This is heartbreaking news , my thoughts are with Brenda Edwards and her family so sorry to hear your sad news, rest in peace." @JenC_1987 added: "My twitter is filled with nothing but love & respect rip @jamaledwards sending my condolences to Brenda and family." Plus, @jenny_jasper11 sympathised: "Sending hugs to all of loosewomen too as I know how close you all are xx." Jamal, whose mum had once starred on The X Factor, set up the music channel SB-TV from his bedroom aged just 15, with nothing more than a computer and a £200 camcorder to assist. His career quickly took off and exceeded his every expectation, with his online broadcasting company achieving more than 200 million hits. He became a multimillionaire by helping to launch the careers of Emeli Sandé, Jessie J, Ed Sheeran, and Stormzy to name just a few. Everyone from rap stars to royalty were keen to get in on the act, with Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg inviting Jamal to tour with them, and the Prince of Wales inviting him to become an ambassador for the Prince's Trust. Today, the Prince honoured his life and the services to music that earned him an MBA back in 2014, tweeting: "Thinking of the family of Jamal Edwards today. His work in music but also as an ambassador for a new generation, including his work for The Prince's Trust, were an inspiration to so many." Meanwhile, Jamal's last ever Instagram post before his death, which gave no clue as to the tragedy that was to follow, was a fond and affectionate post dedicated to Ed Sheeran, who he branded his "brother". "Happy Birthday to the OG, Ed," he wrote. "Blessed to have you in my life, brother. You know you've been mates a long time when you lose count on the years! Keep smashing it & inspiring us all G!" Susanna Reid read out a statement from Brenda on Good Morning Britain today, telling of her grief, which said: "It is with deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. Myself, his sister and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world. "As we come to terms with the passing we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA and PHD."