In May of this year, Disney Plus subscribers will be able to watch the brand new Star Wars series: Obi-Wan Kenobi. The upcoming show is due to reintroduce Ewan McGregor as the legendary Jedi Knight, while also bringing him once again face-to-face with Darth Vader himself: Hayden Christiansen. However, it has now been revealed they will also be brought back to the small screen alongside Princess Leia for the first time since The Rise of Skywalker. The Obi-Wan Kenobi series is set ten years before the first-ever released Star Wars movie, A New Hope. This means that, while Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa are alive and kicking, they are not yet rebel fighters. Luke will likely make a cameo or two in the series - as he has done in both The Mandalorian and The Book of Boba Fett - but a new report has revealed the return of Princess Leia. The claim says a ten-year-old Princess Leia will find herself kidnapped and in trouble in a Cantina. This means Obi-Wan has to step in and protect the young Jedi. (Via Star Wars News Net) The report added that Obi-Wan will step in to rescue the princess against all odds on Tattooine. This news follows the official announcement that Jimmy Smits will be reprising his role in the Star Wars universe. Smits is best known for playing Bail Organa - Leia's adopted father from Revenge of the Sith and Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. Smits' casting all but confirms that Leia will be returning as well. And this will be the first time Carrie Fisher's legendary character will be seen on screen since her final performance in The Rise of Skywalker. READ MORE: Star Wars leak: Kylo Ren 'retcon' will 'change Ben Solo and Han Solo' Extra remaining footage of Fisher playing Leia was used in TROS, which was released posthumously. The character was killed off in a starship battle to coincide with the actor's death, which happened on December 27, 2016. Considering Leia will be just ten years old in the Obi-Wan Kenobi show, she will likely be played by a new actress. DON'T MISS...Star Wars leak: Kylo Ren 'retcon' will 'change Ben Solo and Han Solo' [INFO]Next Star Wars film 'signs Force Awakens star for new projects' [NEWS]Star Wars: Harrison Ford once came on set drunk from all-night party [INSIGHT] However, with Princess Leia at the forefront of Disney's story, she could still make a comeback as Fisher in the near future - and no, that isn't impossible. At the moment, Luke Skywalker has returned to the franchise with the help of some extremely sophisticated technology. Luke actor Mark Hamill isn't even required to do any acting to play his legendary character. Does this mean we'll get more adult Princess Leia content going forward? In the meantime, it has been reported that a continuation of The Rise of Skywalker is just around the corner. The news claims Rey star Daisy Ridley has "signed on" for three new projects in the Star Wars universe. It has not yet been confirmed if these projects are three new films, three entire TV series or just three episodes. However, it would be the first content following on from episode nine, so it is sure to be extremely exciting. The Star Wars franchise is available to watch on Disney Plus now. The Obi-Wan Kenobi show hits Disney Plus on May 25, 2022. SOURCE