It is no secret that Manchester United are desperate to bolster their ranks in midfield. Christopher Nkunku is the latest name to be linked with a move to Old Trafford, but the chances of Ralf Rangnick reuniting with the playmaker appear slim. Nkunku was Rangnick’s final signing as RB Leipzig manager, with the German side landing the Frenchman from Paris Saint-Germain in 2019. The move away from the Ligue 1 got the midfielder’s career back on track and he has been in flying form this season for Leipzig, scoring 22 and registering 13 assists in 33 appearances. Nkunku has been deployed in several different roles by Domenico Tedesco this season, playing on either wing, as a makeshift striker and as a central midfielder – though many feel he is seen to best effect as a no.10. The 24-year-old is quickly becoming hot property in Europe, and Rangnick is pushing for United to pursue the midfielder. READ MORE: Man United can swerve Mauricio Pochettino with strategic left-field appointment However, BILD, via Sport Witness, have revealed that Leipzig have put an almighty £62.5million on their star player and will only consider offers above that mark in the summer. The report goes on to state that the club’s CEO Oliver Mintzlaff deems Nkunku ‘unsellable’ – with fellow playmaker Dani Olmo being labelled the same. Olmo has been attracting interest from Barcelona recently and speculation that the Spain international will return to his homeland has been growing. However, it is ‘hard to imagine’ that both players won’t be sold in the same transfer window, with it being more likely that just one of the pair will be leaving Leipzig. Rangnick was unable to sign any players in last month’s transfer window as the higher powers at United decided that all funds will be handed to his successor in the summer. They did not want to run the risk that a January signing would not fall into the new long term manager’s plans when a new boss steps into the dugout. But that does not mean that Rangnick’s hopes of seeing Nkunku at the Theatre of Dreams will disappear as he may be able to influence transfers from his consultancy role when his tenure as manager draws to a close. United have been keen to add a midfielder to their ranks over the past few seasons, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer supposedly desperate to bring one in before the start of this campaign. And with Paul Pogba out of contract at the end of the season, Nemanja Matic approaching the end of his deal (2023) and Donny van de Beek looking happier than ever out on loan at Everton, it now seems more important than ever for the Red Devils to invest in the position. But Nkunku would also provide cover for the attackers too. With Mason Greenwood unavailable and Anthony Martial out on loan at Sevilla, and looking unlikely to return to United, another option in the final third wouldn’t go a miss for the incoming United boss. It remains to be seen whether Rangnick and Nkunku will reunite in the Premier League or whether United will turn their attention to more defensive-minded targets in a bid to upgrade on Scott McTominay and Fred.