The Godfather is turning 50 on Friday (February 25) and the anniversary is celebrating some of cinema's greatest performances. Two of them came from James Caan and Gianni Russo as Sonny Corleone and Carlo Rizzi, respectively. The latter was Connie Corleone’s abusive husband who suffered a sticky end. The two violently clashed in the movie, but there was plenty of bad blood between them off camera of the Francis Ford Coppola directed masterpiece.   Russo claimed that tensions between the two actors were at a boiling point when filming began on the 1972 classic. During the scene when Sonny confronts Carlo for the mistreatment of his sister, the ensuing battle was more real than audiences might have expected. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, he said: “Sonny and I had a problem all through the movie, on and off the set.” It kicked off because of Russo’s knowledge of the area and the residents they were filming in. According to the star, it “p****d [Caan] off” just before their big on-screen confrontation.    READ MORE: Paul McCartney branded one Beatles record 'the drug album' Russo continued: “We choreographed that scene for about a day and a half, Jimmy got a little aggressive, I would say, and he improvised a few things like that little billy club he threw at me when I came off the stoop. He hit me right in the head with that, and then he throws me over the railing and he’s biting my hands, when I crawl out, he literally lifted me up with his kick, none of that was supposed to happen.” He added: “That one miss when he throws that punch at me and I react… everybody knows [the punch is actually] about six inches away from me. I asked Francis Ford Coppola at the 25th anniversary, ‘Why didn’t you fix that?’ He replied: 'Because we had cameras on the roof, cameras all over. We had every angle they needed to fix it, but they couldn’t touch it. Once you win an Oscar, you can’t touch that negative.'" Most shockingly, the brawl resulted in a chipped elbow and two broken ribs, according to Russo. The actor explained: “With this being my first film, I didn’t want to complain. Jimmy and I are not friends at all, believe me. The guy’s nuts.” Ironically, the star originally auditioned for the role of Sonny (and Michael Corleone), and after being rejected for the part, he remained determined to be involved in the film. The actor already had connections to the Mafia and even lived just one block away from where The Godfather was being filmed. Eventually, he met with the producers of the film and was cast as Carlo. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond ‘will be young' Tom Hardy and Idris Elba too old now? [INSIGHT]Ladies Day let loose: Lassies stick to NEARLY all the rules at Aintree [EXPLAINER]Marlon Brando: The Godfather restored for 50th anniversary WATCH [INSIGHT] Fifty years later, the star is still looking back at the importance of the film and how it changed the course of his life. He released the book Hollywood Godfather: My Life in the Movies and the Mob, which went on to be a bestseller. As part of the 50th-anniversary celebrations, Paramount is re-releasing the films with new 4K restorations. All three movies will be given the state-of-the-art treatment, becoming the ultimate must-have for fans. The Godfather 50th anniversary is in select cinemas across the UK now. SOURCE