Paul Pogba's impending move away from Manchester United has had Old Trafford chiefs scrambling to secure a replacement for the World Cup-winning star. And after a move for West Ham's Declan Rice was reportedly rebuffed over valuation differences, their attention has turned to RB Leipzig midfielder Christopher Nkunku. Pogba signed for United for a then-world record fee of £89million in 2016, having left the club four years before on a free transfer to Juventus. Despite excelling in patches, his only trophies since his return to United are a Carabao Cup and a Europa League. Pogba may feel it is now or never if he wants to leave and win the biggest trophies on offer at club level. And according to ESPN, United have found his ready-made replacement in Nkunku, with Ralf Rangnick an admirer. The report states that West Ham star Rice is a key target, although the Hammers are likely to price him out of a move. JUST IN: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale  The London club would likely value their most valuable asset at around £80million, which would force United to move for another target. And that could be Nkunku, who has been in exceptional form for RB Leipzig this season. Having scored a hat-trick at the Etihad Stadium earlier this season, albeit in a 6-3 defeat, Nkunku has excelled in east Germany. The former PSG midfielder has 13 Bundesliga goals in 23 games this season and has registered nine assists along the way. DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye deal (TRANSFERS)Chelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star man (INSIGHT)Chelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display (ANALYSIS)  And to add to his excellence, seven Champions League goals in just six games this campaign has further boosted his profile. The midfielder has astonishingly scored eight goals in his last 10 league games to announce himself as one of the continent's most sought-after midfield stars. And having worked with Rangnick's former staff at Leipzig, a move has seemingly been given the go-ahead. The German praised his side after they came out on top in a hard-fought 4-2 victory over bitter rivals Leeds United on Sunday.  Goals from Harry Maguire, Bruno Fernandes, Fred and Anthony Elanga gave the Red Devils a much-needed win in their hunt for Champions League qualification. But Rangnick says his side could have scored four by the interval. "It took us some 10 or 15 minutes to get into the game. I think the last half-hour before half-time we did great, we put them under pressure, we forced them into their half, the whole first-half took place in their half. We were 2-0 up, it could've been 3-0 up, 4-0 up," he said after the game.