Britain's longest-serving monarch has been resting and recuperating at her Berkshire fortress after testing positive for coronavirus last weekend. The Queen, 95, is suffering from mild cold-like symptoms. Buckingham Palace has kept the public updated with changes to the Queen's royal duties in recent days.  According to Buckingham Palace, the Queen cancelled two of her planned engagements on Thursday while she continues to fight the virus. But the Queen is still fulfilling her royal role and she is continuing with "light duties" while at home at Windsor. A Palace spokesman said: "The two virtual audiences that had previously been scheduled to take place today will now be rescheduled for a later date. "Her Majesty is continuing with light duties. No other engagements are scheduled for this week."  READ MORE: William's secret visit exposed as he met MI6 Over the weekend it was announced the Queen had tested positive for COVID-19, shortly after Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall also tested positive for the virus. In recent months, the Queen's issues with her health have been well-documented, and the Covid announcement from the Palace prompted national concern for the monarch's health. The Queen, 95, cancelled several planned engagements last autumn while resting on doctor's orders, and she spent a night in a medical facility for "preliminary investigations". The Queen's planned appearance at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow last November was subsequently cancelled. The Queen was also noticeably absent from the Cenotaph service on Remembrance Day last year, due to a back sprain.   The Queen has a busy schedule of public engagements ahead of her next month. On March 2, the Queen is expected to host the Diplomatic Reception at Windsor, although it is not clear whether the Queen will actually be in attendance. The PA news agency reported that Buckingham Palace has yet to comment on whether the Queen will still attend.  DON'T MISS:Royal tour timeline: Every tour senior royals will undertake this year [EXPLAINER]The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert ballot opens: How to get tickets [INSIGHT]Kate, William and rest of Firm prepare for Jubilee tours abroad [ANALYSIS] Then the Queen is expected to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14. In previous years, the Queen has led a contingent of several Royal Family members at the important service. And on March 29, a highly-personal event for the Queen has been scheduled at the Abbey to commemorate the life of the late Prince Philip. The memorial service is invitation-only, and several members of the Royal Family are expected to attend. 