Italy is one of the European countries to require vaccine passports in order to enter most public places, including restaurants and sporting venues. However, the rules have been tightened even more today as unvaccinated people face being suspended from work without pay if they don’t have the correct pass. What are Italy’s new Covid rules?  Under Italy’s coronavirus vaccine pass system, all residents and visitors will need a Super Green Pass - proof of full vaccination - to enter most venues. Unvaccinated people over the age of 50 risk being suspended without pay from today, according to the Government’s compulsory vaccine policy. From Tuesday, February 15, the Super Green pass is needed to enter workplaces. You can also be fined for going to work without the Super Green pass.  READ MORE: Algarve weather: When is the best time to book a holiday? If you are travelling to Italy from the UK, the NHS Covid Pass can be accepted as a Super Green pass. The UK Government’s travel advice for Italy said: “Italy will accept the UK’s proof of COVID-19 recovery and vaccination record as the equivalent to a Super Green Pass as long as it is in the form of a verifiable QR code.” All travellers over the age of 12 need to show proof of vaccination, recovery from Covid or a negative test result to enter Italy.  There are two Italian passes: the Green pass and the Super Green pass. A Super Green pass will only be given to those who are fully vaccinated, or who have recovered from Covid infection within the last 180 days. Super Green passes are needed to enter restaurants, bars, hotels, all local and regional transport services, museums, cultural centres, sports facilities and stadiums. The Super Green pass is also needed for some outdoor venues such as restaurants, swimming pools, wellness centres and ski lifts.  DON'T MISS:Flight attendant shares 'only way' travellers can get drink for free [UPDATE]‘Bitterness’ as €20m of EU money granted to ONE Italian hamlet - ‘W [INSIGHT]Europe holiday rules: The key date to check before you travel [TIPS] The Super Green pass is a reinforced version of the Green pass, which certifies vaccination, recovery or a negative test result. With a Green pass, you can enter hairdressers, beauticians, banks, post offices, tobacconists, non-essential shops and public offices. In addition to vaccine passes, Italy has strict rules on wearing masks indoors.  Not only are masks mandatory indoors in public places for anyone aged over five, but they must be the FFP2 masks. Masks must be worn on public transport, in theatres, concert halls and cinemas and for sporting events. Other restrictions in Italy can vary by region, so you should check the rules for the area you are planning to visit. 