The Automobile Federation of Ukraine (FAU) has requested the FIA to suspend all Russian licence holders, including F1 driver Nikita Mazepin, amid the nation's widely-condemned invasion of Ukraine. Mazepin's future on the grid faces uncertainty, and Haas pulled him from media duties during testing in Barcelona last week. Russia launched a full-scale attack on Ukraine on Thursday, with the capital Kyiv and other major cities targeted by missile strikes over the last five days. And as part of several sanctions imposed by the western world so far, F1 announced on Friday that September's Russian Grand Prix wouldn't be going ahead 'in current circumstances'. The decision came after world champions Sebastian Vettel and Max Verstappen both suggested they wouldn't be racing in Russia if the race took place as planned. New FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem has also offered his 'full support and the support of the FIA' to the FAU. JUST IN: F1 drops Drive to Survive trailer as Hamilton declares 'it's warfare' And in response, FAU president Leonid Kostyuchenko called on Ben Sulayem to take serious action against Belarusian and Russian drivers. Kostyuchenko has requested the FIA to ban those with licenses from the two federations from racing in its championships and any races outside their home nations. He also wants the FIA to exclude Russian and Belarusian members, ban the countries from hosting any events sanctioned by the organisation, and prohibit the use of their state symbols and flags. In F1, these actions would most heavily impact Mazepin, who Haas team principal Guenther Steiner admitted could lose his seat last week. READ MORE: Christian Horner fires warning to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell The 22-year-old, born in Moscow, races with a license issued by the Russian Automobile Federation. And his future was up in the air before the FAU's strict request after Haas removed title sponsor Uralkali's branding from its car during testing in Barcelona. The company's chairman, Dmitry Mazepin, is Nikita's father and allegedly has connections with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Showdown talks between Haas and Uralkali are set to take place over the coming days. Mazepin took to Twitter after Haas pulled him from media duties at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya on Friday. He tweeted: "To my fans and followers - it's a difficult time, and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done. "I'm choosing to focus on what I CAN control by working hard and doing my best for my @HaasF1Team. My deepest thanks for your understanding and support."