Jodie Whittaker, who starred as the 13th Doctor since 2017, announced her exit from the show back in July 2021. Jodie made history as she became the first female Doctor after years of the show being heavily male-dominated. However, due to the show's success with Jodie starring in it, producer Matt Strevens admitted he wasn't sure the show would be renewed after her departure. Doctor Who is the world's longest-running science-fiction TV series, which launched in 1963 and has seen an array of actors share the title of the Time Lord. Due to the success, it has been the BBC's flagship sci-fi show, with time-travel, unusual enemies and unsuspecting friendships. Executive producer Matt Strevens recently admitted at the Gallifrey One fan convention [via Screen Rant] he worried that the show would finally come to an end. Twitter user @scribblesscript, who attended the convention, said Strevens said he revealed the production crew didn't know whether there would be another series of Doctor Who. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute Thankful for the commissioning of another new series and a new Doctor, Matt said: "My utter relief was, we didn't break it, and Jodie gets to regenerate." Speaking about her departure from the show, Jodie said: "In 2017, I opened my glorious gift box of size 13 shoes. "I could not have guessed the brilliant adventures, worlds, and wonders I was to see in them. "My heart is so full of love for this show, for the team who make it, for the fans who watch it, and for what it has brought to my life. "And I cannot thank Chris [Chibnall] enough for entrusting me with his incredible stories. We knew that we wanted to ride this wave side by side and pass on the baton together. "So here we are, weeks away from wrapping on the best job I have ever had. I don't think I'll ever be able to express what this role has given me. "I will carry the Doctor and the lessons I've learnt forever. "I know change can be scary, and none of us knows what's out there. That's why we keep looking. Travel hopefully. The universe will surprise you. Constantly." DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? [WATCH] At the moment, nobody has been confirmed as to who will be taking over from Jodie Whittaker as Olly Alexander, David Tennant, Lydia West, and T'Nia Miller are in the running. However, Whovians were left with a huge clue recently which could seem to give away the new Doctors gender. In leaked production notes, it could be seen in the details the next Doctor will likely be another woman. Production Weekly claim the notes read: "A fantasy action saga of a mysterious alien time-traveller, Doctor Who, who picks up human companions, faces evil foes with little more than her wits and a sonic screwdriver and journeys throughout time and space in a police phone booth called the TARDIS." It was also recently revealed that Billie Piper, who starred in the reprised first series in 2005 as Christopher Eccleston's sidekick Rose Taylor, will be reprising her role in an audio series, The Dimension Cannon. She told MailOnline: "The Dimension Cannon is such a brilliant idea and gives Rose a lot more life beyond the Doctor. "But there's also something quite sad about her search. It's a real bittersweet series of tales, it's something they talk to me about just as much as the episodes I appeared in on TV." "It seems like there's an enormous appetite for it, and it's very moving to imagine listeners spending a few more moments with this family particularly." Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.