On Tuesday, Oti announced on Instagram she had quit the BBC dancing competition after seven years. Oti had a successful career on the show, being the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy two years in a row. Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood touched on her exit from the show as he appeared on This Morning with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield and described her announcement as "brilliant news". After discussing his new play, Phillip said: "Oti confirmed on Instagram today that she is not returning to Strictly Come Dancing after seven years!" Craig praised her decision and replied: "Yeah, it is fantastic, I think this is brilliant news I mean, she has become a huge star in her own right. "I think that is the best way to treat the business there is only so long you can actually spend in one show. "As you know from musical theatre, you just don't want to do the same role for seven years, I think it is the best move she will ever make. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' "She is fantastic as a presenter, and I just love her, she is just brilliant, and I will miss having the odd dance with her. "Of course, she is the tallest pro that we have, so I always have to dance with her, she is always correcting me, but I will miss her, but I get to see her on the telly every day so," he concluded. Announcing her departure from the show on her Instagram page, Oti wrote: "I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing, for the past seven years, and it has been an incredible time. "Lifting the Glitterball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and professional dancers! You are my family, and I adore you all forever. "I’m honestly so grateful to the BBC and will always remember that Strictly and the BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home, and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank You from the bottom of my heart. "I can’t put into words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. "Dance will always be my first love, and to everyone, my family, friends, Strictly fans who have been my support throughout my Strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made every day unforgettable! I love you. "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [WATCH]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [LATEST] Over her seven years on the show, Oti still stands as the only professional dancer to win two years in a row with Kelvin Fletcher and Bill Bailey. In 2019, Oti and Kelvin lifted the Glitterball Trophy, to which she told hosts Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman: "I have done this show for five years. "I have never ever met any celebrity who gives his heart, his soul. If something was not working, we stayed in training and rehearsed, and not because we wanted to win but because he genuinely loved dancing." Then in 2020, she went on to lift it for a consecutive year with Bill Bailey and said in an Instagram post: "I can't find the words to describe how grateful I am. "At the beginning of the year, my goal was to humble myself with everything I experienced this year, and boy did this close my year on a high with the best friend I made in @billbaileyofficial, but we didn't make it alone." This year Oti made the move to ITV's Dancing on Ice to become the newest judge on the panel alongside Ashley Banjo, Jane Torvill and Christopher Dean. Talking about her new role, she said: "As a professional dancer, I have always had so much respect for the skating professionals on Dancing On Ice. "It is an exceptional skill that is also so beautiful to watch, It's more than an honour, and I already can't wait to join the family." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.