UEFA has selected Paris to host the 2022 Champions League final after deciding to move the blockbuster match away from St Petersburg. The governing body has changed venues for the biggest event on the club football calendar amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The final was scheduled to be played at the Gazprom Arena in St. Petersburg - an impressive stadium built for the 2018 World Cup. But Russia's invasion of Ukraine has shocked millions, with 137 Ukrainians - soldiers and civilians - confirmed dead after the first day of conflict. And amid the worrying friction, UEFA has stripped the former of the honour of hosting the elite event, with the French capital a worthy replacement. Following a UEFA Executive Committee meeting on Friday, UEFA has confirmed the May 28 Champions League showcase will take place at the Stade de France. JUST IN: Newcastle 'lead Manchester United and Real Madrid' for Serie A star  A statement read: "The UEFA Executive Committee today held an extraordinary meeting following the grave escalation of the security situation in Europe. "The UEFA Executive Committee decided to relocate the final of the 2021/22 UEFA Men's Champions League from Saint Petersburg to Stade de France in Saint-Denis. "The game will be played as initially scheduled on Saturday, May 28 at 21:00 CET. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp must play his cards right over Liverpool's forgotten star  "UEFA wishes to express its thanks and appreciation to French Republic President Emmanuel Macron for his personal support and commitment to have European club football's most prestigious game moved to France at a time of unparalleled crisis. "Together with the French government, UEFA will fully support multi-stakeholder efforts to ensure the provision of rescue for football players and their families in Ukraine who face dire human suffering, destruction and displacement. "At today's meeting, the UEFA Executive Committee also decided that Russian and Ukrainian clubs and national teams competing in UEFA competitions will be required to play their home matches at neutral venues until further notice. The 80,000-capacity cauldron is ranked as Category 4 by UEFA and is most commonly used by the French national and rugby union teams. It hosted seven matches during Euro 2016, including the final as Portugal reigned supreme over the host nation. But 2022 will mark the first year France has welcomed teams for the Champions League final since 2006 when Barcelona defeated Arsenal 2-1 to achieve their second success in the competition. Amid pressure for UEFA to cut ties with energy sponsor Gazprom, which will increase following their move from St. Petersburg, the governing body hasn't mentioned the deal in their statement. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.