Tottenham boss Antonio Conte threw his toys out of the pram on Wednesday evening after a shock 1-0 loss to Burnley left him thoroughly disappointed in his players. But after questioning his future at the club, the Italian has backtracked on his statement and will take charge of the Lilywhites' game against Leeds at the weekend, according to reports.  Tottenham fell to a Ben Mee header on a cold, wet and windy night at Turf Moor. Having beaten Manchester City 3-2 away from home on Saturday evening, it appeared that the north London outfit would have a spring in their step ahead of the trip to east Lancashire. But Tottenham rarely threatened Nick Pope's goal, and Mee's stooping header 20 minutes from time marked their fourth defeat in five Premier League games. Conte immediately cast doubt over his future after the loss to the league's joint-bottom side, claiming he 'was really frustrated'. However, talkSPORT understands that his words were not concrete plans to leave, but instead a rallying call to his players to improve their form.  The Italian said he was 'ready to go' if he finds that Tottenham chiefs believe he is the problem. "I came here to help the club and if the problem could be the coach I'm ready to go, no problem," Conte said after the game. "I am not used to this situation. I am trying everything but the situation is not changing," added the Italian. "I am available and open with the club to do what the club wants. "I want to help the club, I work a lot, I work very hard. I am giving 20 hours a day to Tottenham and the other four hours I sleep but it is not enough.  "The performance can be good and the commitment was good but we lost. For me the situation is unacceptable. To lose four of five [games] for Tottenham has to be a disaster. "I came in to try to improve the situation. Maybe in this moment I am not so good to improve the situation. I am too honest to close my eyes and continue in this way. "For sure we are to speak and have a conversation with the club to try and find the best solution to help the team not have this type of situation. It is the right moment to make assessment. I repeat, I am really frustrated."  Tottenham face Leeds next in the Premier League, with Conte coming up against an equally under-fire Marcelo Bielsa. Their opponents have conceded 10 goals in their last two Premier League games, and now sit just three points ahead of the drop zone. Tottenham will look to capitalise and improve on their eighth-place standing. 