Condensation is a problem that many UK households are familiar with. It forms on the inside of windows when there’s too much humidity in the property. When water vapour in the air comes into contact with a surface that is at a lower temperature than itself, the air is chilled at the point of contact and sheds its surplus water vapour on that surface – initially in the form of a mist and, if excessive, eventually in the form of droplets of moisture. An expert has shared simple ways to stop condensation appearing on windows. Research conducted back in 2019 by Rentokil found that approximately 5.8 million homes have experienced damp and condensation issues, as well as black spots on the walls of their homes. Nicholas Donnithorne, UK technical manager at Rentokil Property Care explained how much water vapour the average household creates. He said: “An average family of four can produce up to 24 pints (14 litres) of water vapour in just 24 hours, and all that moisture has to go somewhere. “When the air cools, condensation forms on cold surfaces at what is known as the ‘dew point’.” READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home This dew point varies according to the amount of water in the atmosphere and air temperature. In humid conditions, condensation occurs at higher temperatures. In cold conditions, condensation occurs despite relatively low humidity. Nicholas explained how important ventilation and heating is to combat window condensation. DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [COMMENT]Houseplants: The ‘key’ to keeping ‘nuisance’ houseplant pests at bay [EXPERT] The key is to generate less moisture but some is of course inevitable so, open windows where possible to add ventilation. Rooms should have the heating on a low setting throughout the colder months. It is typically recommended to keep temperatures around 21 degrees to avoid window condensation forming. He said: “It’s important that the homes people live in have adequate ventilation and heating facilities that enable the occupiers to take control of the amount of moisture they produce. Nicholas also explained what homeowners can do to prevent condensation and possibly mould. He said: “Occupants must also better understand that their behaviour may be affecting the formation of condensation and damp. “Simple lifestyle changes such as drying clothes outside or leaving the window ajar could go a long way in helping to reduce issues and prevent mould growth.” One Reddit user, Ukes91, suggested a simple "three-minute" method that can prevent window condensation. Posting in a Reddit forum dedicated to condensation-busting hacks, the user said: "In Germany, we have a technique called 'Stosslüften'. "What that basically means is that instead of having maybe one window open all day (which is a huge waste of energy), open several windows all over the house for three minutes, creating a strong draft to exchange most of the warm humid air inside the house with cold air from outside. "A cool feature about cold air is that it can 'hold' less water vapour. "If this relatively dry cold air enters your house, it warms up. "Being warmer, it is suddenly capable of taking up some of the extra humidity from inside your house. "This might sound a little weird at first but is advocated in schools and so on. I use that technique and it works. "Do this several times a day and you should really see a change." 