The January transfer window may have just ended but Premier League sides are already looking to the future, and Arsenal and Liverpool reportedly have offers on the table for once star as they look to battle for his signature. Liverpool pulled off a masterstroke in the January transfer window as they signed Luis Diaz from Porto, much to the disgust of Tottenham who opened talks with the Colombian. Things weren't as successful over at Arsenal though, as they failed to make any signings in January despite their best efforts to bring in a new striker and midfielder. The Gunners are expected to go all out for attacking talent in the summer as their only striking options are out of contract at the end of the season, and Mikel Arteta is in danger of being left extremely short. But Liverpool may haunt yet another north London side, as they look to battle with the Gunners over a future signing.  JUST IN: Antonio Conte's Tottenham quit threats are childish and unhelpful - he must do better Liverpool made just one signing in each of the transfer windows over the course of this season, as Diaz joined Ibrahima Konante who arrived in the summer, but Arsenal were much busier at the start of the campaign. They splashed £150million on six new signings ahead of the new season, but with the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, they appear to be in a vulnerable position, as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah can leave for free in the summer. The only forward-minded player Arsenal brought in for this season was Martin Odegaard from Real Madrid, and the Gunners may look to raid Los Blancos again and sign Marco Asensio. But Liverpool are also interested, and according to journalist Eduardo Inda, there are offers on the table from both clubs for Asensio, who sees his contract expire in 2023.  DON'T MISS...Man Utd's XI if they sign exciting Paul Pogba replacementJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Tottenham boss Conte's devious transfer battle with Fabio Paratici Inda has claimed that both Liverpool and Arsenal have offered better deals than current club Madrid in order to acquire his signature, as the Premier League sides look to sign the Spaniard on a free deal in 2023. Asensio has been linked with an exit from Madrid for some time, and Arsenal have shown interest for a number of windows, but Liverpool could hijack another move as contract proposals have been made by both clubs. Inda told Super Deporte: "Asensio has two offers from the UK, and his contract expires in 2023. "If Real Madrid don’t renew him, he will leave for free in 2023. He has an offer from Arsenal and Liverpool.  "Madrid have offered him the same deal of £4m (salary per season), and would renew him for four years with an incentive ofan extra £1m in variables. "He has told the club that the English sides are offering him 50% more than what Madrid are offering him. Madrid will not reach that figure." Asensio has just turned 26 and has been a regular starter for Madrid this season, scoring seven goals in 20 La Liga games. That is already his greatest ever league tally after joining Madrid from Mallorca in 2014, but Los Blancos are hesitant to match the offers coming in from the Premier League.  Madrid may have other moves on their mind, with Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe expected to be up for grabs, making it a good time for clubs to enquire about Asensio. There's no denying that Arsenal are more desperate than Liverpool to sign the Spaniard, but the attraction of Jurgen Klopp's side may be too much, leaving the Gunners second best once more. 