Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has explained there will be a "thorough" process this summer into who will be the club's next permanent captain. Alexandre Lacazette has taken on the armband following the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January. But the Frenchman looks set to leave himself this summer, with his contract expiring at the end of the season. The Arsenal captaincy has been somewhat of a poisoned chalice in recent years. Previous skipper Granit Xhaka was stripped of the role after a public falling out with supporters. Per Mertesacker, Arteta himself and Thomas Vermaelen all suffered with regular injury problems during their time as club captain. Arteta has a leadership group in his squad, which includes Xhaka, Lacazette, Kieran Tierney and Rob Holding. JUST IN: Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022  Martin Odegaard, who skippers Norway, has also been touted as a potential captain in the future by the Gunners boss. Arteta says he will appoint a new leader in the way he wants to once the season is done and dusted. He said: "There will be a thorough process in the summer, when we have time, when we have no competitions. "We will do it the right way. The way I want to do it." DON'T MISSArsenal must heed Paul Pogba warning to avoid Rio Ferdinand prediction [COMMENT]Chelsea duo 'very close' to Barcelona moves as part of Erling Haaland plan [GOSSIP]Gary Lineker's transfer message to Leicester over Lille star hijacked by Alan Shearer [SOCIAL]  Xhaka appeared to reject the armband when Lacazette was substituted in Saturday's 2-1 win over Brentford. But Arteta insists far more has been made of the incident than need be. "There is a defined hierarchy," he continued. "Granit said Kieran is next in line and that is why he gave it to Kieran. I think Kieran was really proud of it.  "Rob is there as well, as the second one when he is playing. It is not easy. I understand it’s confusing. "But you have to understand we have a lot of issues and more captaincy issues… I guarantee that is not what we need. I think you make too much of the armband." Arteta has also opened up on what it's like to have Amazon Prime cameras filming his and the players' every move. Arsenal are the latest club to feature in Amazon's All or Nothing documentary series.  "Sometimes it's not easy because you feel observed and listened in on," Arteta said. "That is always in the back of your mind, but you have to let it go. It's a way of telling the people who follow us how we live. "It has to be natural. Nobody has to be acting. We have to be ourselves. This season has been a little bit of a rollercoaster. Hopefully it's a good story to tell! "I am who I am. I don't think I can hide a lot how I feel. But if you follow me for 24 hours I’m sure you’ll know more about me that’s for sure!"  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here