Probably against someone’s rules somewhere on pupil transport, but exactly the kind of practical support I needed. I say this to make clear I’m not reflexively anti-teacher. My late wife was training to be one. I have a sister who teaches in Dubai. But the fact is that too many schools see young minds as blank-slates ripe for ideological indoctrination. Take the school in Nottinghamshire, where pupils as young as 10 have been encouraged to write letters to the Prime Minister criticising him over “Partygate”. Pictures posted on Twitter by the school showed a child scowling next to a whiteboard on which was written “Boris Johnson” and the words “lies”, “mistrust” and “selfish”, in what appears to be adult hand-writing. They say a fish rots from the head down. No surprise then to discover that the school’s headmistress has previously used the phrase “Tory Scum” online. It’s a similar story in Lancashire. Again, we’re not talking about a secondary school here, but a primary acting in loco parentis for young, impressionable children. The school in question is Barrowfield Primary School in Nelson. Some parents there are threatening to move their children after the head banned meat from the menu. She claimed it was needed to help the fight against climate change. One parent wrote on Facebook: “I take it these children will never have a Christmas lunch ever again in school, something that’s happened for decades and all of them look forward to.” There’s nothing new about head-teachers running their schools as personal fiefdoms. I was terrified of Mr Moreland, the head of my primary school in 1970s West Yorkshire. But there’s a difference between instilling manners and motivation (never more needed after lockdown) and treating children as foot soldiers conscripted to fight a culture war. There are democratic principles at stake. Where was the consultation with parents? Why were children told that even lunchboxes made at home should contain only plant-based food? Where was the freedom of choice? Banning meat in schools is not government policy. And yet this headteacher was behaving as if it was settled science. It’s not. The truth is more complicated. Not all fruit and veg is good for the planet. Where’s the environmental sense in importing thousands of tonnes of soya-based protein from crops from the other side of the world? I’m not sure the school menu in Nelson runs to avocado on toast, but if it does, remember this. It takes 2,000 litres of water to grow a kilo of avocado. It would be naive to think some teachers haven’t long seen the chance to impose their prejudices on young minds as a perk of the job. Many never shed the hard-Left views of their student days, but it doesn’t mean they ought to get away with it. I like the idea of schools having the freedom to plough their own furrow, independent of local authority control. For that to work, parents must have a voice. But often, school governors simply go along with liberal, Left-wing consensus. Parents need to learn to call this stuff out. Do the detective work. Join the dots. If a head is creating a culture that is overtly politicised, check their Twitter account. Organise on Facebook. Let them know that a school isn’t their pet project, it’s paid for by the taxpayer. They have a duty ‑ a sacred duty ‑ to teach. Not preach. In my short time as a royal correspondent I never had the dubious pleasure of an interview with the now disgraced Duke of York. But a couple of friends met him and found him pompous and curt, with an overblown sense of his own importance. It’s been noticeable how ‑ with the exception of his ex-wife and ex-girlfriend Lady Victoria Hervey ‑ there hasn’t been a defence mounted of Andrew’s character or behaviour by his old friends. Does he even have any? What goes around, comes around. So the EU is finally coming to its senses... Brussels realises there is a Britain-shaped hole at the heart of European defence. Several states are said to have been appalled at the disunity, back-biting and indecision of European powers when it comes to Ukraine. Germany, in particular, with its craven attitude to Russia, has set nerves jangling. We sent guns and military advisers to Kiev. What did Berlin offer? Five thousand helmets. Now the talk is of a European Security Council, led by Britain. The UK, revealed last week to be the third-largest defence spender in the world, is the indispensable guarantor of security on our continent. Could someone please tell that to Emmanuel Macron. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Last week, my mother’s 75th birthday coincided with the arrival of Storm Eunice, which happens to be her name. Not a popular Christian name any more, it fell out of the top 1,000 UK baby names decades ago. Which seems a shame. Eunice is a name with a fine pedigree. It means ‘joyous victory’ in Greek. It was the real name of Nina Simone. It’s due a revival. But until then, Happy Birthday Mum. By any name, you’re a star. Did you see the pictures of an online celebrity showing a different side to the approved story about migration? A young Tunisian woman called Chaima Mahmoude posted pictures on TikTok from a boat in the Mediterranean bound for Italy. Here was an influencer with hundreds of thousands of social media followers smiling at the camera ‑ seemingly glamourising and making light of a journey that has claimed countless lives. But with that one selfie I think this 21-year-old hair stylist did more to reflect the complicated reality of migration than any number of award-winning Western journalists. At the height of the migrant crisis in 2015, I was sent to report from Greece, Hungary, Serbia and Croatia. My mainstream media colleagues often overlooked elements of the story which didn’t fit the prevailing narrative. They gave disproportionate coverage to educated asylum-seekers who came from war-zones. That often meant ignoring the economic migrants, or the cagey folk who either couldn’t speak English or simply didn’t want to explain where they were heading ‑ and why. They also airbrushed out of the picture anyone who looked like they were having fun. I remember watching young male migrants diving into the harbour on Lesbos, wreathed in smiles and looking to all the world like happy-go-lucky backpackers.