The Big Freeze: Winter '63 airs on Channel 5 tonight, documenting one of the most remarkable weather events in the UK's history. In the show, Joanna Lumley recalls her memories of being snowed in at her boarding school in Kent, while Pete Waterman, John Craven and Gloria Hunniford are among the other celebrities offering their thoughts on the event. The Big Freeze started on Boxing Day in 1962, when snow began to fall. The freezing conditions didn't relent for 10 weeks, marking the coldest recorded winter in the country since 1739, a year when temperatures plummeted to minus 22 degrees. The winter of 1962/1963 remains the coldest since at least 1895 in all meteorological districts of the UK. At the end of December, a blizzard swept across southwest England and Wales. Snow was measured at over 6 metres in some places, blocking roads and railways. Due to near freezing conditions, the snow lasted for more than two months in some areas. By the end of December, there were snow drifts 2.4 metres deep in Kent and 4.6 metres deep in the west. Remarkable photos from the time, courtesy of Getty Images, show children playing on frozen lakes in Birmingham and Wimbledon. One image shows an RAF helicopter delivering supplies to isolated farms, while in another the Royal Marines use a snowplough to try to clear snow. Another brilliant image of a skier being pulled along behind a car in Earls Court, London was also captured. Piccadilly Circus in London was also snapped after heavy snowfall, with men using spades to shovel snow from around the Statue of Eros and Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain. An image courtesy of PA also shows one man getting creative as builds two ice sculptures in his garden. Last year, author Juliet Nicolson wrote a book about the Big Freeze, looking at how the event changed the UK. READ MORE: UK weather warning: EXACT locations 70mph winds to trigger blizzards She was eight at the time, spending Christmas at her family's house in Kent. The book was titled 'Frostquake: The frozen winter of 1962 and how Britain emerged a different country'. Nicolson recalls waking up to "the snowiest snow we had ever seen. Where there had been ugliness, suddenly there was beauty, all imperfections wiped smooth." She argues in her book that the UK started to become a more modern country once the snow started to melt. This included new attitudes regarding class, sex and politics. By way of evidence, Ms Nicolson refers to the increased use of the pill, the Beatles, the Cuban missile crisis and That Was the Week That Was – a satirical television comedy programme on BBC. DON'T MISS When will Storm Gladys hit? Key dates to watch as fourth UK storm l... [INSIGHT] UK flood warning: Pictures show pubs and cars in York totally swamped [ANALYSIS] Severe floods hit as Storm Franklin continues to batter Britain [INSIGHT] In 2013, the 50th year since the Big Freeze, science journalist Tatiana Moreno posed the question of whether the UK could ever see a winter like 1963 again. Dr Stephen Burt of the Royal Meteorological Society explained which meteorological conditions led to the rare, long and cold months of the Big Freeze. At an Imperial College London talk, he said: “The normally easterly flow from the continent brought very cold air that had been sitting in a big anticyclone, essentially getting colder and colder due to radiation cooling. "That flow moved over to the British Isles. The atmosphere stayed more or less the same for a couple of months, which is quite unusual”. When asked if these extreme weather events are related to climate change, he replied that “climate changes are producing different extremes, so it may be that weather is getting more extreme’. Dr Burt concluded that it is not likely that this kind of weather event could happen again “but whether it is in five years or five hundred years, it is not out of the question that we could end up with another winter as cold as the one in 1963”.