People in Donetsk took to the streets after Russian President Vladimir Putin recognised Ukraine's two breakaway regions Luhansk and Donetsk's independence. In the aftermath of Mr Putin signing the decree and declaring both Donetsk and Luhansk as independent states, locals in Donetsk could barely conceal their joy. And up to 50 people in Donetsk set off fireworks and were filmed waving Russian flags to celebrate the news. But fears of a Russian invasion are mounting following the decision and Mr Johnson described the decision as an ill omen and a flagrant breach of international law. He said: "This is a flagrant violation of the sovereignty and integrity of Ukraine. "It’s yet another indication things are heading in the wrong direction." Following his decision, Mr Putin said: “Those who took the path of violence, bloodshed and lawlessness did not recognise and don’t recognise any other solution to the Donbas problem besides the military. “Therefore I believe it is necessary to take a long-overdue decision to immediately recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk People’s Republic and Luhansk People’s Republic." Russia's most powerful man then blasted Ukraine for wanting to move on from its Soviet past at all costs. READ MORE Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin after rebels break away “Modern Ukraine was wholly and fully created by Bolshevik, Communist Russia. “You want decommunisation? That suits us fine. "But don’t stop halfway. "We’re ready to show Ukraine what real decommunisation means for it.” DON'T MISS Brexit triumph as UK GDP figures trounce EU’s growth ‒ latest data exposes key win'It was created by Lenin!' Putin lays claim to Ukraine in major announcement to RussiaWoman turns down job offer because of 'terrifying' hotel nearby Latvia's Prime Minister Arturs Krisjanis Karins did not take too well to the controversial decision, saying: "The decision taken by the President of the Russian Federation to recognise the independence of Luhansk and Donetsk, the Ukrainian territories outside the government’s control, is a continuation of the attack on Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity that began in 2014 by unlawfully changing borders in Europe." And Estonia President Alar Karis said that the decision will "never" be welcomed. He said: "Estonia will never accept the illegal decision by Russia to recognise Donetsk and Luhansk regions. "They are an internationally recognised part of Ukraine, like Crimea. Clearly, Moscow is not serious about diplomacy but is looking for casus belli.”