US politician Corey Mills sat down on Fox News to discuss the geopolitical relationship between Russia, Iran and China. Mr Mills criticised China for being one of the worst countries for alleged human rights crimes. Western politicians may be denouncing Putin's latest moves in Ukraine, but Chinese President Xi Jinping has taken a different stance altogether by allying with Russia and Iran, instead of condemning Putin's actions, building a superpower alliance. The politician also accused the American Government of nothing as the three superpower countries align themselves with each other, describing this move as a "political land grab." Mr Mills said: "I think we need to look at the fact that NATO as it is right now, is already kind of partially corrupted and has been compromised in some stages. "I mean, you've got China who commits a majority of the human rights atrocities like we saw with the Uyghurs. "But what you're seeing right now is, and this is the thing that I was talking about earlier on previous shows, is that you have this new linkage of a great superpower resurgence, which links Russia, China and Iran together. "The problem is that America has not actually gotten to the table yet on this resurgence. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms     Mr Mills added: "And so while Russia continues to amass its borders, you have non-kinetic elements like economic and resource warfare that's going on by China. "Aswell as the surpassing of American in the South China sea with the amount of naval fleets. "So we're seeing a geopolitical land grab by many of the great powers, and unfortunately America has not done anything to answer the call." Western Governments have already warned Putin about Imposed sanctions if he were to signal his amassed troops on Ukraine's border, to invade.  READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop President of the United States of America, Joe Biden said: "If Russia goes further with this invasion, we stand prepared to go further as with sanctions. Speaking on Putin's declaration that Ukrainian cities Donestk and Luhansk now being Russian, Mr Biden said: “Who in the Lord’s name does Putin think gives him the right to declare "new so-called countries on territory that belongs to his neighbours? "This is a flagrant violation of international law and demands a firm response from the international community.” Mr Biden then went on to confirm sanctions on Russia: “That means we’ve cut off Russia’s government from Western financing. It can no longer raise money from the West and cannot trade in its new debt on our markets or European markets either." And Foreign Secretary Liz Truss confirmed Britain would also impose sanctions on Russia. Ms Truss said: "This first wave of sanctions will hit oligarchs and banks close to the Kremlin. It sends a clear message that the UK will use our economic heft to inflict pain on Russia and degrade their strategic interests. "And we are prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of high tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. "These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard." 