This is suffering that could be alleviated within the next decade. This will be thanks, in part, to a change in attitude towards dementia. For years dementia was seen as a natural part of ageing, that as someone got older they developed dementia and declined. However, this has changed. READ MORE: How often should I wash my hair? The four rules of hair washing  Dementia is now no longer seen as a natural part of ageing, it is recognised as a disease and, as such, one that can be treated and cured. Substantial money is now pouring into dementia research and treatments so that scientists understand the different forms and causes of dementia a lot better. Dementia is not just one condition however, it is an umbrella term for a number of conditions including Alzheimer’s, Lewy Body dementia, Vascular, and Lewy Body dementia. Each of these forms of dementia has its different causes and each will require unique treatments tailored to combat their impact on a patient.  As part of scientists’ widening understanding of dementia, they are beginning to develop theories about not just how to treat dementia, but to prevent someone from developing the condition. One of these methods could be through someone’s diet. According to a new study published in the journal Nutritional Neuroscience, the consumption of more soluble fibre could reduce an individual’s risk of developing dementia. The study concluded: “Dietary fibre intake, especially soluble fibre, was inversely associated with risk of disabling dementia”. In a statement the University of Tsukuba Professor Yamagishi said that while the results suggest that soluble fibre could reduce the risk of dementia: “The mechanisms are currently unknown but might involve interactions that take place between the gut and the brain. “One possibility is that soluble fibre regulates the composition of gut bacteria. This composition may affect neuro inflammation, which plays a role in the onset of dementia”. Professor Yamagishi added that soluble fibre could also play a role in reducing risk factors associated with dementia including weight and blood pressure. The University added in a statement: “By encouraging health eating habits with high dietary fibre, it might be possible to reduce the incidence of dementia”. As a result, should a link be found between soluble fibre intake and a reduced dementia risk, this could provide a cheap and affordable way for people to reduce their dementia risk. Cases of dementia are rising with statistics saying that one in three people born today will develop the condition in their lifetime. As the saying goes the race is on to develop new treatments, both preventative and reactive, to take on dementia. For more information about dementia contact the NHS or consult with your GP.