Cristiano Ronaldo should seriously consider ending his professional career, according to former France World Cup winner Frank Leboeuf. Ronaldo turned 37 earlier this month and has perhaps started to show signs of his age in recent weeks. The Portugal superstar has scored just one goal in his last nine appearances in all competitions for Manchester United. Ronaldo rejoined United from Juventus last summer and scored twice on his second debut for the club. But he scored just seven further Premier League goals so far this season. He almost single-handedly led United to the knockout stage of the Champions League, with his six group stage goals crucial in his side's progression. But Ronaldo has not always been the first name on the team sheet in his comeback campaign at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Tottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger  All three managers he's played under this season have dropped him for Premier League matches. He was largely ineffective for United in their 1-1 last-16 first leg draw at Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. After the match, Leboeuf explained how he doesn't want to become sympathetic towards Ronaldo as his performances wane. The former Chelsea defender says the time may have come for the forward to call it a day because he cannot perform like he used to. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo made David De Gea look rather awkward in Man Utd and Atletico draw [REACTION]Why Diego Simeone didn’t shake Ralf Rangnick’s hand after Atletico Madrid and Man Utd draw [NEWS]Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]  Leboeuf told ESPN FC: "Do you know what? I think there is a time where you have to think about 'what do I do in my life and my career?'. "And maybe it's time for Ronaldo at the end of his career to wonder and have a discussion with himself, and maybe some of his siblings, to know what he has to do for the rest of his career, if there is a future in his career. "I don't want to have pity for Ronaldo because he's been so much on the top for so many years. "I don't want him being a normal player. He's been an exceptional player. "I'd prefer him to give up his career at the top instead of maybe trying to play two or three more years and not being the player that he used to be."  United are in a fight to finish in the Premier League top four this season. Leboeuf thinks interim boss Ralf Rangnick should keep playing him until the end of the season because he would not be effective as a substitute. "I think you have to play him because off the bench he will be completely useless," Leboeuf added. "You don't put Ronaldo on the bench and you don't put him on after an hour because I don't think he's going to be useful." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 