 This Is Going to Hurt is the BBC’s new hit comedy-drama that follows Junior Doctor Adam Kay (played by Ben Whishaw) as he navigates the pressures of his job working in Obstetrics and Gynaecology for the NHS. Ambika Mod plays Adam's junior colleague Doctor Shruti Acharya and has recently spoken out about her experience acting alongside No Time To Die star, Ben. Chatting about the series on Morning Live, the actress confessed Ben regularly apologised to her during filming.    Ambika was welcomed onto Morning Live by hosts Sam Queck and Gethin Jones on Tuesday. The presenting duo quizzed the actress about This Is Going to Hurt and how the show stands out from other medical dramas. Ambika explained: “I don’t think it’s like any medical drama you’ve ever seen before and I think that’s probably because it’s been written by someone who was a real doctor, and it’s based on his real experiences. “Absolutely no corners have been cut in the truth-telling and the authenticity of the story and I think that’s what sets it apart. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him'  “It’s also very funny,” she added, with Gethin agreeing he’d enjoyed the comedy elements in the series so far. Chatting about Ben’s leading role in the series, Gethin was keen to hear about Ambika’s experience working alongside him. The presenter asked: “Was it true he kept apologising to you after each scene?” Ambika replied: “Yeah because Adam is really mean to Shruti and that’s really clear from the first episode.   “That’s just part of the culture, you know, the senior doctors often do drag the junior doctors. "So, yeah, after we’d cut Ben would be like, ‘Oh my god I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry I’m mean to you!’ “I’m like, ‘It’s fine, it’s fine. It’s literally our job.’ It’s really fun, but yeah he felt bad about it,” she laughed. Sam questioned how much research Ambika had to do before taking on her role as Doctor Shruti. DON'T MISS...Taskmaster star Sarah Kendall recalls ‘standout cringe moment’ [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders twist as Max Branning returns to take down Gray? [THEORY]Kelvin Fletcher compares country living to filming Emmerdale [MUST SEE]  The actress revealed: “I did loads of my own research before I started filming, but they also really kindly gave me and Ben a lot of medical training. “We had three really great medical advisors who were all current working obs and gynae [obstetrics and gynaecology] doctors. “Before we started filming they gave us a day of obs and gynae crash course. “We learnt how to do a cesarean, we learnt how to scrub in, we learnt how to do forceps we learnt it all,” she explained.   “That was my favourite part about the job - the medical training. It was really, really fun,” Ambika confessed. This Is Going to Hurt is based on a book of the same name, written by former doctor turned comedy writer Adam Kay. This Is Going To Hurt airs Tuesdays at 9pm on BBC One and the whole series is available to stream now on BBC iPlayer. Morning Live airs weekdays at 9:15am on BBC One. 