The second season of Another Life, led by The Mandalorian star Katee Sackhoff as Niko Breckinridge, was released on Netflix last year to much acclaim from sci-fi fans. Subscribers were eager to see Niko’s quest to find extraterrestrial life continue, but, sadly, Katee has taken to her Twitter and Instagram accounts to confirm the news the series has been axed. Katee wrote a touching thank you to fans of the show who stuck with Niko’s story for both seasons. Another Life’s mystery begins when commanding officer Niko and the crew of the Salvare are brought in to investigate a sinister alien spacecraft. Despite ending on a hopeful note with the Salvare 2 ready to explore the universe for more life, Katee confirmed the crew won’t be returning for any more interstellar adventures. She confirmed the unfortunate news in her latest Twitter update, which received a number of heartfelt comments from disappointed fans. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' The series’ lead wrote: “I’d like to thank everyone single person who watched & supported Another Life on @netflix. “To our crew & cast, thank you for always working so hard & being prepared. “I wish we could do more seasons but sadly it’s just not in the cards. See you on the next adventure.” She also posted a screengrab of her tweet on Instagram, adding: “Loved this show so much! Loved making it. I’ll miss the Salvare and her crew tremendously.” Katee is one of the biggest names in sci-fi television, so she will undoubtedly be returning to screens for more out-of-this-world drama soon. Best known for her regular role in Battlestar Galactica, she later appeared in 24, The Flash and modern Western drama Longmire. She also made her live-action debut as Bo-Katan Kryze in season two of The Mandalorian after voicing the character for the past ten years in Star Wars: The Clone Wars. Many of her fans took to the comments under Katee’s latest update to show their support for Another Life following Netflix’s disappointing decision. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead’s Alden star breaks silence on exit [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 star’s inspiration for intense police scene [EXCLUSIVE]Love is Blind’s Danielle blasts Netflix’s ‘inaccurate’ portrayal [COMMENT] Vault N7 replied: “Damn, I really enjoyed the most recent season. Was hoping we might get another season. “But at least it felt mostly wrapped up plotwise. Might not see Niko again but maybe we'll get to see some more of Bo-Katan soon?” And Lori Steinle fumed: “I loved this show. Unfortunately, @netflix doesn’t seem very committed to keeping its original shows up and running. I won’t invest in another one.” The news has certainly proven controversial for subscribers who have been frustrated by the streamer’s cancellation decisions in the past. Thankfully, Another Life didn’t end on a major cliffhanger with unanswered questions, so newcomers won’t have to worry about starting a series without any closure. Although the sci-fi mystery concluded with plenty of room to expand, fans can at least rest easy knowing Niko’s story has come to a satisfying end. In the meantime, Katee is reportedly set to star in another sci-fi project, feature film The Last Transport, with her former Battlestar co-star Michael Trucco. Another Life seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.