Meteorologist Jim Dale has said that the next 24 hours in the UK will turn "increasingly wintery", bringing heavy snow and "blizzard conditions", which could pose a "danger to life". Describing the impending snow event as "proper winter", Mr Dale forecast that higher ground will see between 12inches (30cm) and 16inches (40cm) of snow. The Met Office has issued yellow warnings of snow and lightning across Scotland and Northern Ireland. Thundersnow is a muffled form of lightning that occurs when thunder and lightning happen alongside heavy snowfall. For thundersnow to occur, Met Office meteorologist Emma Sharples said that "all that really needs is for thunder to happen at the same time as the snow." She added: "So where you get very active or vigorous showers... then we could well get some thunder as well. It is definitely possible." Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted that wind speeds will reach a maximum of 89kph on Wednesday evening, leading to wind chill of -8C across Scotland. By Friday, Scotland will have up to 10inches (25cm) of snow, WXCharts' maps show. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, said: "It's turning increasingly wintery, that's the main thing. "And it's accompanied by wind - a wind and snow scenario for the next 24 hours. "It's starting to happen now - it's snowing fairly heavily over the Highlands in particular, but not only the Highlands, a little bit of the Grampians too. "It's turning sleety in Northern Ireland and a little bit over Cumbria, and I think over tonight and tomorrow morning that will intensify a little bit more. "The showers are going to be from colder air coming off the sea. READ MORE: Storm Gladys to bring winter storm - what is thundersnow? "Some of these are going to be big hefty things, and they're going to drop a lot of snow very quickly, even down to some sea level places. "Primarily in Northern Ireland, Scotland, Cumbria hills, the Pennines and sometimes a little bit lower than that. "I don't just mean the peaks here and the big hills, I mean down to Glasgow and Carlisle and places like this that might actually see some significant stuff. "30 to 40cm in higher parts of the Highlands, so big stuff over there without a shadow of a doubt. Less as you come down. "And with all of that activity, with the winds with it, there will be blizzard conditions at times. This is proper winter." DON'T MISS: Met Office issues 23 NEW warnings as wintry showers to grip UK [REPORT] Brits brace for 'blizzard conditions' as Met Office issues 2 warnings [INSIGHT] Snow bomb to hit UK this week: Where exactly will see snowfall? [ANALYSIS] While Mr Dale predicted that the snow is unlikely to hit the South very significantly, he said that temperatures would drop "by a long shot". He said: "But although further south it will be colder by a long shot, the moisture won't be there. "There might be the odd passing snow in the Midlands but I don't envisage it will be big stuff." Speaking about the possibility of thundersnow, Mr Dale said it would be "very hazardous", posing a "definite danger to life". He said: "The Met Office is going on about thundersnow. "It's the same as when you get thunder in the rain, it just happens to be cold enough to snow. "The reason you get that is the instability in the air. "The unstable air that will occur once that front goes through tonight and you get into that showery activity. "That's when you get these situations where you get sudden, very hazardous heavy snowfalls combined with cracks of thunder, the sound of it muffled. "So I think the hikers and people who are taking those higher routes - they need to be aware. "We got an amber warning for that area for transport. "For people who are going on the higher routes, that's a definite danger to life and that's why we put an amber out there for those people crossing those highlands."