Vladimir Putin’s latest move on Ukraine has unearthed fears of nuclear war across Europe, forcing countries throughout the continent to consider unleashing their own reinforcements. While Russia’s use of nuclear weapons has been a looming threat for some time, the latest developments in the conflict have sparked serious concerns over global security against nuclear attacks. As the uncertainty of the use of nuclear weapons in combat looms, these are the four things you should do in the event of an attack. The UK’s independent nuclear deterrent has existed for more than 60 years and is used to deter the “most extreme threats” to the nation and its NATO allies. While the threat of nuclear conflict has been remote up until recently, Putin’s latest move could have significant consequences for the UK’s national security. According to Gov.uk: “The UK has taken a consistent and leading approach on nuclear disarmament but not all states have followed. “Some are significantly increasing and diversifying their nuclear capabilities. We must ensure they can never use their nuclear weapons to threaten us, constrain our decision making, or sponsor nuclear terrorism.” READ MORE: Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' Russia’s expanding arsenal of nuclear reinforcements poses the biggest threat to Europe, yet the UK’s military remains uninvolved in the ongoing conflict. Having surrendered their nuclear weapons in 1994, Ukraine is relying on the indirect support of NATO countries, despite not being a part of the bloc itself. Mark Webber, professor of international politics at the University of Birmingham, told FactCheck: “Nuclear war only becomes imaginable if Russia and NATO enter into direct conflict.” In short, the UK is unlikely to enter into a nuclear war with Russia unless Putin orders an attack on a NATO member country. Even if this did happen, there are a number of factors including mutual assured destruction, and major loss of life on both sides that could prevent a future NATO-Russia nuclear war. While a nuclear attack on the UK is unlikely based on a number of political factors, there are a few key steps which are worth knowing should an explosion take place. It is thought that a nuclear weapon launched from Moscow or central Asia would take around 20 minutes to arrive in London, leaving little time to prepare. The Government’s new ‘Emergency Alerts’ system is said to be the first point of warning for anything from severe flooding to large scale attacks and is being rolled out right now. The plans are for a notification to be sent to every phone or tablet within the affected region, directing recipients with advice on how to stay safe. According to National World, your phone or tablet may make a loud air raid-siren like noise, read the alert out and vibrate, even if the volume is turned or the device is on silent. DON'T MISS:Putin nuclear fears as UK given just 20 minutes to react to missiles [INSIGHT]Putin sends over 400 mercenaries to take out Zelenskyy and Klitschkos [LATEST]How far will a nuclear blast reach? What happens if Putin attacks Kyiv [ANALYSIS] Once an alert has sounded, gather staple food, drink and medical supplies to form an emergency supply kit. Bottled water, packaged foods, medicines and a torch are all useful items to keep on hand. Finding secure shelter is crucial to avoid radiation, so look for shelter in spaces with internal concrete or brick walls for the best protection. Basements or central parts of multi-story buildings are recommended by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Keep away from windows and doors and lie face down to protect yourself from flying debris. Keep an eye on updates and instructions from emergency response officials for evacuation routes and procedures.If you are away from home, do not return until you have been told it is safe to do so. To date, the USA are the only country who have ever used their nuclear weapons during combat. The double bombing of Japan took place in 1945, at which point the USA had a global monopoly on nuclear weapons. Since then, Russia has become the most powerful country in terms of their nuclear forces. According to The Times, Russia currently has 4,447 warheads, 1,588 of which are deployed on ballistic missiles and at heavy bomber bases.