The third named storm the UK has seen within a week has caused severe flooding in areas across Northern Ireland and warnings are in place across the UK with some areas of rising floodwaters causing a “significant risk to life”. The flooding is also expected to cause travel disruption and has already slowed down the recovery of certain areas from the damage of Storm Eunice and Storm Dudley.  The storms that have relentlessly battered the UK over the past week claimed lives, damaged property, and left 1.4 million households without electricity. Some homes were without electricity for 72 hours and just under 30,000 are still without power. Though the highest wind gust of Storm Franklin was less than that of Storm Eunice, the rainfall it will bring to already water-logged areas is a major threat. The Environment Agency, SEPA, and Natural Resources Wales have announced 133 flood alerts where flooding is possible, 122 flood warnings where flooding is expected, and 2 severe flood warnings where there is a danger to life due to the floodwaters.  The River Severn at the Wharfage, Ironbridge and at Wribbenhall, Bewdley are the locations of the two severe warnings. Residents along the river have been evacuated as the barriers on the river are at high risk of overflowing. The Environment Agency said in an announcement: “Please move possession and valuables off the ground or to safety and turn off gas, electricity, and water. “Please have a bag ready with vital items like medicines and insurance documents and activate any property flood protection products you may have, such as flood barriers and air brick covers. Please follow advice from emergency services.” READ MORE:We should applaud Hungary for standing up to EU nonsense - COMMENT The high river levels are expected to last for several days and those in the West Midlands, Northern England and especially residents along the River Severn should expect flooding until Wednesday due to the rainfall expected from Storm Franklin. Flood duty manager at the Environment Agency, Katharine Smith said: “Heavy rain, affecting already wet areas, is likely to cause significant river flooding along the River Severn until Wednesday. “We have teams out on the ground taking preventative action, closing flood gates, deploying temporary barriers, and moving pumps and other response equipment to areas of highest risk. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: We are serious! Sefcovic wrecks EU breakthrough (LIVE)Cancer: The tea 'linked' to a tripled risk of developing cancer (INSIGHT)Boris lambasted as Frost plots Tory rebellion over return to fracking (ANALYSIS)  “While a handful of properties have sadly flooded over the past few days, Environment Agency defences have protected more than 40,000 properties despite record river levels.” The Labour shadow climate change secretary warned in the Commons on Monday that the UK will face “significant threats of extreme weather” over the next few years. Kwasi Kwarteng, Business and Energy Secretary commented: “I think he is absolutely right to warn that extreme weather events could, not saying they will, but they could become a feature of our landscape, of our climate.” 