Jamal Edwards, who founded the online urban music platform SBTV, has died at the age of 31. Jamal was the eldest son of Loose Women presenter Brenda Edwards and has been credited for launching the careers of huge music stars such as Dave, Ed Sheeran and Jessie J. Brenda has since released a statement which was shared on Good Morning Britain.  It read: “It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. “Myself, his sister Tanish and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.” She continued: "As we come to terms with his passing, we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. "Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PHD."  In November 2021, Jamal made an appearance on Loose Women beside his mother, where he gushed over Brenda and her achievements which inspired his music career. Gloria Hunniford asked Jamal: "I want to know what the drive in you made you want that success…" He confessed: "My friends weren’t being represented in mainstream media, so that’s what inspired me. "But obviously my mum’s work ethic inspired me. "I remember going to pub when she was doing karaoke and doing my homework there.” Jamal beamed: “She was always working very hard." The music entrepreneur was born in Luton and had been appointed an MBE for services to music in 2014. The late star had attended the Brit Awards earlier this month and had reportedly performed as a DJ at a gig in north London on the weekend. The only details of the circumstances surrounding Jamal's death are that it was a "sudden illness" as cited by Brenda.  Jamal's final Instagram post was a tribute to his Ed Sheeran who he likened as his “life brother”. The musical genius had wished his friend a happy birthday three days ago, sharing a picture of the friends together, captioned from Marbella, Spain. He wrote: "Happy Birthday to the OG, Ed. Blessed to have you in my life brother. "You know you've been mates a long time when you lose count on the years! Keep smashing it & inspiring us all G!” His online broadcasting company has had more than 200 million hits on YouTube with stars such as Snoop Dogg and Dr Dre inviting Jamal to join them on their tours. His charitable nature was also a bit part of Jamal’s career, as he was an ambassador for the Prince's Trust, headed by the Prince of Wales. Besides the Prince’s Trust, Jamal had also worked with his sons William and Harry on other charitable projects.