Starz’s hit time-travelling romantic drama Outlander will finally be returning to screens with season six after a lengthy hiatus. With many looking forward to the upcoming episodes, showrunner Ronald D. Moore reflected on season four and spoke about a deleted scene which included Brianna Fraser (played by Sophie Skelton).  The season four episode titled ‘Man of Worth’ saw Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) and Young Ian (John Bell) attempt to rescue Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) from Mohawk captors. In the tense scene, while they were trying to sneak Roger out of the tribe, they were caught by a guard. However, it turned out Brianna also shared her major concerns about the trek her parents were taking to save her husband. In a YouTube clip, Outlander’s producer and writer Ronald D. Moore revealed there was an emotional scene between Brianna and Jocasta Cameron (Maria Doyle Kennedy) which didn’t make the cut.  READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute In the video, Moore stated: “This scene was cut for two reasons, one was timing the episode and one was pace of the episode. “It’s a nice scene between Jocasta and Brianna but it did feel when you watched it in the cut itself that it kind of brought the show to a stop. “It kind of took a lot of energy out of the jeopardy and what was happening with the Frasers’ in the other part of the story. “So it is a nice scene of Jocasta and Brianna when you watch it in isolation but when it was in the larger context of the show, it felt like it just slowed things down, when we opted to pick up the pace, but it is a lovely scene,” the showrunner concluded.  In the clip, Brianna was seen standing outside her Aunt Jocasta's house staring into the distance with a worried look. As Jocasta went to the porch the two sat down together and discussed a “pinkish red” sunset. A heavily pregnant Brianna’s eyes began watering when she asked her aunt: “What if they’re never coming back? “What if you were right and Roger’s already gone, what if he’s dead and so my parents?”  DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]Outlander author shares disappointing update on beloved character [INSIGHT] Jocasta responded: “You’re with family and you won't be alone no matter what comes to pass, but it doesn’t hurt to pray.” She added: “I pray every day that I was wrong about what I said, either way, you must stay strong for yourself and for your bairn.” Brianna also expressed her longing for her mother as she was nearing her due date, so Jocasta reassured her she would be by her side if Claire hadn’t returned yet. Sadly, Claire and Jamie didn’t make it for the birth of their grandson Jemmy, but thankfully they returned.  While she was disappointed Roger wasn’t with them, her concerns were pushed aside when it was later revealed he was only a day’s ride behind them. As for young Ian, he decided to stay with the tribe to save Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) and while he saw it as an adventure, it was in fact a major punishment. After they had got caught trying to sneak Roger out of the tribe, Wahkatiiosta (Carmen Moore) stated they needed to trade him for something. Jamie offered himself up but as he was saying goodbye to Claire, Ian sneaked over to the chief and offered himself up instead. Outlander season 6 will premiere on Sunday, March 6, on Starzplay. 