Ahead of Vladimir Putin announcing on Thursday Russian troops will enter Ukraine, the West issued a bevy of sanctions against the country and Moscow officials. However Switzerland’s Government has said it will not apply international sanctions against Russia at this stage. Speaking on Wednesday, the Swiss Government said it will not immediately issue sanctions on Russia. However, they added they will ensure the country is not used to get around the sanctions the EU imposed on Russia. In a statement, they said: “Switzerland will not be used as a platform to circumnavigate sanctions imposed by the EU. “It will therefore examine the sanctions and then come to a decision. “The Swiss authorities are in constant contact with several countries to exchange intelligence on the current situation.” The Swiss Government said it may adopt compulsory measures to enforce sanctions adopted by the UN, Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe or the country's main trading partners. It also condemned Mr Putin for recognising Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine as independent states, saying it violated international law and breached Ukrainian sovereignty. They said: “Switzerland does not recognise the independence of these territories, which remain part of Ukrainian territory.” Switzerland is obliged under international law to implement only sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia war LIVE: Russia forces break through key zone It comes as about a hundred people demonstrated in front of the Russian embassy in the Kirchenfeld district of Bern. They responded to the call of the Group for a Switzerland without an Army (GSoA), the Young Socialists and other organisations. The organisations issued statements demanding recognition of Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. The demonstrators, including several local politicians, accused Russia of violating international law and demanded the withdrawal of Russian troops from eastern Ukraine. In 2014, Switzerland didn’t adopt EU sanctions against Moscow for annexing Crimea, instead implementing its own measures designed to keep the country and its financial centre from being used as a place to dodge EU measures. It comes as Andriy Zagorodnyuk, Ukraine’s former defence minister, said Russia is invading on multiple fronts He told the Guardian’s Luke Harding: “There are thrusts taking place. They are quite close to the city of Kherson now. “The situation is really critical there. They are also trying to surround Kharkiv. It seems like Kharkiv at the moment is the main target. “They also try to get to Kyiv using one battlefield group. The group went from Belarus and it was stopped. There’s quite a bad road [to Kyiv]. It was strange that they sent such a small group on such a road. "Clearly it was miscalculation on their side for the moment. There were some Russian losses and on our side. Ukrainian armed forces are fighting quite seriously. “There is no panic. There are attempts to resist and in many directions it’s working out.” Poland is also preparing a medical train to transport Ukrainians wounded in the Russian invasion. Poland’s health ministry said: “Poland is preparing to accept migrants from Ukraine, including Ukrainian citizens affected by the armed conflict. “We will do everything to ensure that every person who enters the territory of Poland has access to healthcare, including hospitalisation. Beds are being prepared in hospitals for the admission of the wounded.” Health Minister Adam Niedzielski said Poland had prepared a list of 120 hospitals where people affected by the conflict in Ukraine could be treated. He said: “In total, we estimate at the moment that it would be possible to admit several thousand patients injured as a result of hostilities, including those seriously injured.”