Killing Eve will air on BBC America and AMC Plus in the USA, with fans in the UK tuning in via BBC One and iPlayer. The final season drops on February 27 with a UK release date the following day, and not much has been given away as to what to expect. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how the events of the series will play out. The trailer for the final season has given some insight into the trials and tribulations faced by Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) and Eve (Sandra Oh). Villanelle is seen opening up to a therapist about how she does not like the person she has become. Meanwhile, Eve’s boss Carolyn (Fiona Shaw) remains as determined as ever to take down The Twelve. Sex Education's Laura Neal has written the final episodes and it will be a bittersweet experience for fans. New episodes will be airing weekly in the UK after they air in America. READ MORE: 'She's killing the relationship' Killing Eve star opens up The series will be made up of eight episodes, the same as the previous three seasons. The series finale is due to air in April 2022 and it will be an emotional moment. Villanelle is heard saying in the trailer: "I don't like how I feel, I killed two people last night after I tried really hard not to." Fiona discloses how someone has been killing members of The Twelve and asks Eve to continue with her investigation. Villanelle attempts to prove to Eve how she has changed, but Eve is not convinced. It seems the cat and mouse game continues as the pair still fail to admit true feelings. The words 'til death do us part' appear on the screen, suggesting one of the main characters will meet their demise at the end. Eve recalls the fable of the scorpion and the frog, who both die as the scorpion cannot change its nature. Villanelle suggests Eve is in fact the scorpion in the analogy. The stars opened up about their journey over the course of four seasons. DON'T MISS... Killing Eve: Spy duo reunite ahead of fourth and final series [PHOTOS] Killing Eve's Jodie Comer replaced from major new role away from BBC [INSIGHT] Killing Eve season 4 trailer teases tragedy for Eve and Villanelle [VIDEO] Sandra Oh said: "Killing Eve has been one of my greatest experiences and I look forward to diving back into Eve’s remarkable mind soon. "I’m so grateful for all cast and crew who have brought our story to life and to the fans who have joined us and will be back for our exciting and unpredictable fourth and final season.” Speaking to Collider, Oh and Comer discussed a complex ending took precedent over a happy one. Oh said: "It is what it is and we, I feel, came at it as truthfully as possible. "But I don’t really care about happy, and I think that also the show has never really cared about happy. "It’s to remain complex and remain slightly in a place of longing." Comer said they were only given vague details of what would happen at the end and where their characters would end up. She said: "A lot of the time, we’d get the next episode when we’re filming. "We’d get episode three when we were filming two. We were constantly working at that pace. "A lot of those discussions were happening when we were shooting." Killing Eve season 4 airs on February 27 on BBC America and AMC+, fans in the UK can watch on BBC One from February 28.