Marcelo Bielsa's future at Leeds United is now in serious doubt after Saturday's one-sided loss at the hands of Tottenham, according to reports. The Yorkshire outfit look set for a tough battle to retain their Premier League status between now and the end of the season after slipping down the order due to number of heavy defeats in recent months. Leeds have conceded at least three goals in each of their last five matches and slumped to another demoralising result against Tottenham on Saturday. Early goals from Matt Doherty, Dejan Kulusevski and Harry Kane saw the visitors race into a comfortable lead before Son Heung-min added a late fourth in the closing stages of the contest. The result left Leeds sitting just three points above 18th-placed Burnley, who have three games in hand on the Whites ahead of the business end of the season. It seems as though Bielsa could soon be set to pay with his job, with club chiefs now seriously considering the possibility of wielding the axe, according to The Athletic. The report claims that initial conversations about a change in management were had after Leeds were thrashed by Liverpool on home soil in midweek. JUST IN: Newcastle chief Amanda Staveley admits Man Utd ace wanted January move Saturday's defeat to Tottenham will have done little to convince those in power that Bielsa is still the right man for the job after winning just two matches since the turn of the year. It is said that former RB Leipzig boss Jesse Marsch has been earmarked as a potential candidate to replace Bielsa if the latter is sacked over the coming weeks. The 48-year-old previously managed MLS sides Montreal Impact and New York Red Bulls before leading Red Bull Salzburg to a league and cup double in two consecutive seasons. He was appointed by Leipzig to replace the outgoing Julian Nagelsmann last summer but was sacked after just four months having won five of his 14 matches in charge. Marsch was reportedly named on a list of candidates to take over at Leeds if a change was to be made during pre-season and could be targeted as the club's first-choice option in the near future. Meanwhile, Bielsa may also decide to walk on his own accord rather than being sacked if his position becomes untenable before the end of the season. His departure would cause a number of problems for Leeds as a result of his complex contract and the fact that he pays his own backroom staff, meaning the club would need to find a solution with regards to compensation. It remains to be seen whether Bielsa will be able to steer Leeds away from the Premier League's danger zone and save his job by masterminding a spike in form over the next few weeks. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Arsenal icon Paul Merson launched a passionate rant ahead of Saturday's defeat to Tottenham, insisting that Bielsa must change his playing style against top-tier opposition as it often leaves his side totally exposed at the back. "He's pulling the wool over people’s eyes, he needs to change," Merson told Sky Sports when quizzed on Bielsa's future at Leeds. "He’s got players out, I know he has. I know other teams have players out but the way Leeds, they’re important players. "He has to change it. You can’t keep playing Man United and Liverpool and getting beat sixes and fours. "You have to stop it. I worry for them, at the moment I really worry for them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here