Kerry (played by Laura Norton) has been defending Al (Michael Wildman) in recent months on Emmerdale as he has faced numerous accusations from the villagers about his dodgy deals. The mother of one is the only person in his corner and she has managed to sway her daughter, Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson), to believe her partner isn't all bad. However, when she becomes entangled with another storyline on the ITV soap next week, it seems she could find comfort in the arms of her ex, Dan Spencer (Liam Fox). Before she left the village in 2020, she and Dan split up after they struggled to work through several problems with their relationship. The couple were engaged and had been seeing each other since 2013, so there is a lot of history between them, with Kerry even being a mother figure to Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). They have since been friends and there doesn't seem to be any bad blood between them, which helps when they are both forced back together in upcoming scenes on the weeknight serial drama. As the guardian of Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland), Kerry has done everything in her power to make sure the youngster has never come to any harm. In recent episodes, viewers have seen how volatile Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) has become towards the teenager as their relationship came to a bitter end. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? After hearing how Noah has treated her surrogate daughter recently, Kerry has become wary of anyone hanging around with the young man. When she hears Amelia is taking a liking to the troubled youngster, she tells Dan all about her worries and the pair sit down with the teenager to talk to her about her possible new love interest. Unfortunately, they don't get the reaction they wanted as the schoolgirl ends up feeling humiliated and angry with her father. This means he is going to have to work harder if he wants to keep his daughter away from Charity Dingle's (Emma Atkins) son. Knowing Kerry has a bond with Amelia could work in his favour as he asks his former lover to spend more time with him and the teenager. As she agrees, her relationship with Al could come under strain as Kerry seems to be putting Dan before the villain. With Amelia finally seeing sense, Dan could thank his former lover for everything she has done for him over the past few weeks. Getting ready to leave, he could plant a kiss on her and instead of rejecting him, Kerry could reciprocate his affections. One thing could lead to another and before long, the pair could end up spending the night together before realising what they've done. Kerry could know her heart lies with Dan but Al doesn't have anyone else in the village in his corner and her betrayal would only make things worse. DON'T MISS...Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb clashes with husband Matthew over 'obsession' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mimi Slinger looks loved up in romantic snaps with HRVY [PICTURES] Wanting to see more of Dan, Kerry could agree to a secret affair but makes him promise he will not tell anyone else. In the world of soaps, nothing stays a secret for long but just how much time will pass before Al discovers he is being betrayed? The villain is not one to take things like this lightly, despite being a love rat himself and damaging quite a few relationships in the village. Something like this could either see him leave the village or he could get revenge on his lover for doing the dirty on him. Al already has pent up anger at the moment at his feud with Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) continues to play on his mind. But could the two storylines overlap as Al plots to get payback on both of his enemies at the same time? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, executive producer Jane Hudson said the village will need to be on high alert as Al's deeds get even dodgier. The soap boss explained: "I can confirm that we do have one of our big special weeks planned for later in the year, which will contain the culmination of some of our biggest stories as well as the start of other big stories. "And fingers crossed, COVID permitting, hopefully, we'll throw one of our infamous stunts in there as well. "I think we can probably tease in our special week that Cain and Al's feud is definitely not over. Something will happen that will make those two have to look at their relationship with each other." "So there's definitely going to be an explosive Cain/Al moment in our special week. I think the audience are really enjoying these two men constantly at war," she added before teasing more details about the plot. "We're never ones to shy away from stepping outside of our comfort zone and usual storytelling style. We do have a very special episode coming up, which we're about to start shooting quite soon actually. "This episode is going to spark off one of our biggest stories for this year, but in a different way. "It's something we've not done before and it'll enable the audience to see the story from a whole different perspective to usual. "I don't think I can say much more than that without giving it away," she continued so could this signify the demise of Al, Kerry or another villager? Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.