Lewis Hamilton is as excited as ever to start yet another Formula One campaign as a contender for the title after Mercedes confirmed he was returning for another season earlier this month. And the Briton has explained his pit-lane snoop on the cars of his rivals, including Max Verstappen, at this week's Barcelona pre-season testing, stating that it is "interesting" to check out how the other new cars look ahead of the 2022 season commencing in a month's time.  Rumours earlier this year suggested that Hamilton would perhaps bow out of the forthcoming season following his controversial last-lap loss to Max Verstappen at the end of the 2021 season in Abu Dhabi. The Mercedes driver was understood to be annoyed at the FIA's decision to allow the cars between him and Verstappen to un-lap themselves on the final lap of the season finale at Abu Dhabi, which ultimately handed Verstappen the Drivers' Championship by just eight points. But earlier this month it was confirmed that the Stevenage-born star would embark on his 16th season in the sport as he looks for his eighth title. And speaking in a press conference at testing at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya, Hamilton explained his reason for snooping on Verstappen's car on Wednesday morning.  "It's one of the most exciting and interesting seasons we’ve ever embarked upon, interesting to see where everyone comes out and where we stand at the first race," Hamilton said after his pit-lane walk earlier on Wednesday. The seven-time champion was then quizzed on whether he believed Mercedes may struggle to adapt to the new regulations. However, he backed the team he has driven for since 2012, alluding to the fact the backroom team has '100 per cent' of his trust.  He said: "Why would I ever think that? We've won eight in a row. Of course there is always a risk. But we don't make mistakes, we have very intelligent people in our factory I trust in them 100 per cent, and whatever we start with today we will work through it. "There is no point looking back or commenting on any of it. It's done, dusted, so I move forwards. "I feel I'm at my best, so why do I need to leave? There are so many ways you can refocus and get re-centred and I would say this was one of the best so I feel the freshest I ever have."  Hamilton is looking for a record-breaking eighth driver's title and currently finds himself locked on seven with the great Michael Schumacher. But he has told reporters that the FIA still need to make more changes ahead of the new season despite already sacking Michael Masi. "We need to make sure we get unbiased stewards too," the seven-time champion added. "Race drivers are sometimes very, very good friends with certain individuals. Some travel with certain individuals and tend to take a more keen liking to some of them. So just people who have no bias is super-essential when it comes to making decisions." 