Kate Middleton was pictured today visiting various sites in Copenhagen, including the LEGO Foundation PlayLab. The Duchess showed her “playful” and “joyful” side, according to one body language expert, as she slid down a metal slide in the PlayLab. The Duchess of Cambridge has always been unafraid to be playful in the public eye, whether it’s while playing games with her children or playing with a rugby ball on a field. Today, February 22, Kate seemed to be having fun as she was taken around the LEGO Foundation PlayLab in Copenhagen, the birthplace of LEGO. The Duchess is visiting Denmark alone for two days to learn about how the country helps children with their development. According to one body language expert, it is “hard to imagine a better ambassador for the UK right now than Kate”. READ MORE: Prince Harry is ‘showing off new life’ to Eugenie - here’s how Judi James continued: “She is also looking like the perfect representative for the monarchy itself during their current period of crisis and trauma, epitomising the sense of continuity and resilience that the Queen herself has always been famous for. “On her first solo trip abroad since the pandemic hit, Kate looks every inch the confident promoter of her work on early childhood. “Her fierce red jacket with its gold buttons and padded shoulders, her narrow black pants, killer heels and no-nonsense mini handbag all lend a corporate spin to her image that is reflected in her wide-stride sense of purpose and upbeat confidence.” Kate’s red blazer was from high street brand Zara, which she accessorised with gold pearl-drop earrings made by Danish-born designer Maria Black.  She also wore a matching gold necklace with a pearl pendant from British-based jewellery company Monica Vinader. Judi went on to describe Kate’s look and body language as she undertook engagements throughout the day. She said: “Kate attended a meeting at the University of Copenhagen looking every inch the corporate CEO, but then came this tour of a children’s playground and, having posed at the top, the Duchess suddenly vanished into the slide to emerge at the end laughing and giggling but also, somehow, keeping her dignity intact too. “This blend of Kate the future Queen and Kate’s fun side is creating a unique brand for the Duchess. “Her body language moves seamlessly from regal elegance to playful in a way that no other member of the royal Firm can ever hope to pull off.” Judi added: “Despite her catwalk appearance there is no reticence about getting stuck in when needed. “Despite what must have been a breathtaking pause as she vanished into the slide, her joyful appearance as she popped out the end must have had everyone laughing with relief and surprise, in much the same way as we joined in her fun and laughter as she performed some rugby moves recently.” Earlier this month, it was announced that Kate will take over the role of patron of England Rugby from Prince Harry. She donned official England Rugby £50 joggers and £50 zip-up top as she joined the country’s players for a training session at Twickenham stadium. The Duchess was appointed patron of the Rugby Football League and the Rugby Football Union by the Queen in the first move to reassign the patronages that were stripped from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex when they moved to the US. Commenting on the news on February 3, Kate said she was “thrilled” to be supporting “two fantastic organisations”. Prince Harry was also treated to a training session with the England team ahead of his responsibilities as patron, back in October 2013.