BBC News reporter Clive Myrie had shared a rather surprising update to fans on social media while he had taken shelter in Kyiv amid the Russian invasion. Taking to Twitter, the journalist had posted a photograph of himself while he casually watched Celebrity Mastermind which aired on Saturday evening. Clive, who took the reins from the long-standing presenter John Humphrys last year, has been reporting from Ukraine and continues to cover the action for BBC news. Reaching out to his fans, Clive said: “I’m in Kyiv, Russian troops have encircled the city and are advancing, and guess what’s in the telly!! ⁦@MastermindQuiz #kyiv” The reporter and fellow journalist Lyse Doucet have been covering the streets of Kyiv where the sound of air raid sirens have been heard amid the reports. Despite the events in Ukraine, the Mastermind host was seemingly chipper in the warm BBC studio which could have been filmed months before. During the celebrity special episode, Clive asked the questions as Roger Black, Snoochie Shy, Anna Soubry and Natalie Anderson were put under the spotlight. READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? After the 57-year-old updated his fans on social media, viewers flocked in light of his BBC coverage which had been widely praised. Paterson Joseph gushed: “Love your work, Clive. “This... is bizarre in a terrifying bizarre situation. Please be safe. And my thoughts are with the Ukranian people.” Social Worker stated: “Mastermind must seem a long time ago. “Sending positive thoughts to you and your team out there. Please stay safe.” Karen Louise wondered: “Would you rather be in the mastermind chair or where you are now Clive?! “Thank you for your reports and bravery. Take care to you and your team. While Clark Herron added: “Spooky! Just found this while… watching Mastermind! “More importantly, Clive, thanks to you and the BBC team and translators for your reports  from #Kyiv.” After Friday night’s broadcast of BBC News, both Clive and Lyse were forced to take shelter  after the country had become too dangerous to continue filming. During Friday’s BBC News At 10, presenter Jane Hill said: ‘We had been hoping to broadcast tonight’s programme from the capital, but it is too dangerous to be out on the streets.” Speaking to Lyse from the studio, Jane said: “As we can see, you, the team, others [are] having to take shelter tonight in a basement.” Lyse pointed out: “This is Kyiv tonight – it was a vibrant city, nearly three million people, but tonight they’ve gone underground to take shelter and that includes us. “We’re in an underground parking garage. “Many others are here…This is where we’re going to have to take shelter through the night and we’re not sure for how much longer.”