Moments after season 11 of Call The Midwife concluded, the show announced that it would be back with a festive outing. Screenwriter Heidi Thomas has opened up about the hit TV series, revealing that she reads fan mail and how some storylines could not be covered in the show. Call the Midwife is based on a trilogy of books written by Jennifer Worth. In 2011 Heidi wrote and co-produced the TV adaptation and hasn't looked back. Set in the 1950s, the show tackles hard-hitting subject matter such as backstreet abortions and homosexual romance, which would have been incredibly difficult at the time. Opening up on the show's first lesbian couple, Patsy (played by Emerald Fennell) and Delia (Kate Lamb), the co-producer has revealed that the storyline resonated with many viewers who wrote to her. Read More:When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner Aaron Dean? She said: "The younger the women who wrote to me, the more they wanted Patsy and Delia to come out to everyone in Nonnatus House and be accepted and celebrated for who they were." She heavily researched the period to ensure that the show was authentic and believable. Talking to the Radio Times, she added: "But that wasn't going to happen because it wouldn't have done at the time." Loyal viewers of the show will remember that things were looking up for the couple when they moved into a flat together. However, after a traffic accident in the season four finale, Delia was left with amnesia and no memory of Patsy and their relationship. On their love, she ended with: "Being gay for women was never illegal, but it would have been a matter for dismissal within the nursing profession." Despite the traumatic event many years ago, fans are still upset with new viewers only just getting to this point. @clarasapphic recently just started the show over again: "Rewatching Call the Midwife and have spent the last week sobbing over Patsy and Delia." DON’T MISS… NCIS Sydney cast: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?[LATEST] ‘Thought I would die’ Y 1883’s Sam Elliott feared for his life in harsh filming conditions[LATEST]Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST] "Call the Midwife, stop killing off characters and just bring back Patsy and Delia challenge @CallTheMidwife1 #CallTheMidwife," @abbiesnostalgia said after the recent finale. @Charl1234M relapsed: "Not me turning the channel over on TV at work for it to be the episode of Call the Midwife where Delia is in hospital, and she can't remember who Patsy is. Charlotte, hold your tears in." The show balances storylines to reflect the ups and downs of life. If the concluding few episodes of season 11 were anything for fans to go by, the show still has lots of life. After a horrific train crash shook up the show's landscape, onlookers had to once again say goodbye to characters they grew fond of. After a troublesome week, spectators were ecstatic to learn that Nurse Nancy Corrigan (Megan Cusack), Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) and Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) survived the event. However, Lionel Corbett (Marc Elliott) and Dorothy Carnie (Stephanie Jacob) were not so lucky. Call The Midwife will return for a 12th season in early 2023, the Christmas special will air later this year.