Journalist Iryna Somer suffered a Freudian slip during a NATO press conference after she demanded answers from Jens Stoltenberg about what the alliance was doing to push back Vladimir Putin. Ms Somer said NATO was unwilling to fight against Russia but wanted to know if NATO would provide the weaponry to do so. But as she asked her question, Ms Somer compared Mr Putin to Adolf Hitler as Mr Stoltenberg awkwardly moved on from the question to discuss the range of sanctions being introduced by Western powers. Mr Stoltenberg spoke from Brussels to give an update on the Ukraine crisis and NATO’s position. He told reporters there are currently no NATO troops in Ukraine and it has no plans to send in any NATO troops. After delivering his speech, Mr Stoltenberg took questions from the crowd and spoke to Ms Somer. She asked: “Secretary-General, we all know that NATO will not fight for Ukraine. “But don’t you think it is time for NATO to build anti-Hitler… sorry, anti-Putin coalition, thank you." The NATO chief replied: "NATO stands in solidarity with Ukraine and NATO allies are imposing severe costs on Russia for the reckless invasion of Ukraine. "NATO allies... and partners across the world are imposing severe economic sanctions on Russia." Mr Putin's ambitions have been compared to Hitler with the official Ukraine Twitter account sharing a caricature of the two men together. JUST IN: Putin INVADES- China's staggering defence of 'superpower Russia'  Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Madeley made several references to the link between Hitler and Mr Putin saying both men were "unbalanced". Earlier in his speech, Mr Stoltenberg condemned Russia and said the West would prevail over Mr Putin's invasion. He said: "Democracy will always prevail over autocracy... "This is a grave moment for the security of Europe... This is a deliberate, cold-blooded and long-planned invasion." The NATO boss added he felt events like the invasion of Ukraine had been confined to the history books. DON'T MISS Xi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REPORT] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [REVEAL] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT]  The former head of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council appeared on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme and told the show that Mr Putin would die for his invasion. Mr Danylyuk bluntly told BBC presenter Nick Robinson: "Yeah, that is his ambition and he will die with ambition... we will bury him" Mr Robinson wanted to know whether Ukraine was in an existential crisis The former defence chief added: "No I know Ukrainians, and he doesn't. He was mistaken... for many years. We will teach you a lesson."