BBC News reporter Clive Myrie has been at the centre of the Russia-Ukraine conflict for the past few days and he has shared a terrifying update. He continues to report live from the ground in Kyiv, Ukraine, and the foreign correspondent has appeared visibly distraught. Clive teared up on camera as he revealed Russia had launched an attack on Ukraine by "land, sea, and air".  He has now shared a video of an explosion as he told his Twitter followers that the bang was the "closest yet to our base". The reporter said: "Now back in the underground shelter in Kyiv, our position shaken by nearby missile fire. "Windows shook. Closest blast yet to our base. Fighting coming closer to heart of #kyiv." Fans were left concerned after he and chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet had to put on flak jackets after reporting from a rooftop in Kyiv. READ MORE: This Morning star issues plea for stranded friend in Ukraine  Their report had been disrupted by an air-raid siren. The latest video he shared featured a huge explosion that could be seen in the distance. A swathe of orange smoke was seen rising following the missile launch. The short video has been watched by thousands of people who have been following the conflict, which started last Thursday, February 24.  Viewers took to social media to praise the reporter for his bravery from the front line. Catherine McGowan said: "You're brave to bring us the Ukraine news, and you were brave to report from Covid wards. Respect. BBC has some gem journalists." Julie shared: "@CliveMyrieBBC Thank you to you and all the Journalists risking everything to show the world what is happening." Lesley Taylor commented: "Please take care out there Clive - your news reports are excellent but the situation looks unstable and threatening. "I really admire your bravery and commitment to bring the reality of the story to us in the UK." DON'T MISS... BBC News’ Clive Myrie reflects on having to ‘write goodbye’ to familyBBC viewers voice support for ‘tearful’ Clive MyrieChilling moment BBC's Clive Myrie puts on flak jacket in Ukraine Clive recently spoke to The Big Issue about reporting from war zones all over the world. He said he was not so worried about the potential danger, it was "just about telling stories from incredible places". He added: "And, usually, you see the very best of human nature and the very worst of human nature in a conflict situation. "Those are the best, most fascinating moments – when you’re going to get the most interesting human stories."   A convoy of Russian tanks and military vehicles stretches to over 17 miles on the outskirts of Kyiv. Meanwhile, ceasefire talks fell apart today (February 28) with Ukraine accusing Russia of having a “biased view of the destructive processes it has launched”. Reports suggest 16 children have been killed and 45 wounded so far. More than 500,000 people have fled Ukraine, with Home Secretary Priti Patel announcing 100,000 more Ukrainian refugees will be able to seek sanctuary in the UK under relaxed immigration rules.  