Before 7am I counted 20 explosions as Russia targeted military establishments on the outskirts of the city. It seemed scarcely believable that such a full-scale invasion could take place in Europe in 2022. As Russia sent its forces into Ukraine, more than 100 people, including 40 soldiers and one child, were feared dead. Tens of thousands of terrified families took to their cars and fled from the capital. When the bombardment started I was standing with a solitary Italian TV reporter I'd never met before on a pavement on a deserted road. Minutes earlier we had both been woken by a very faint rumbling noise in the distance and went out to investigate. At first I couldn't believe the bombing could be so close. As I nervously climbed the stairs to the roof, the bangs became louder. The sky lit up and I realised I was witnessing a powerful sustained attack. An hour or so later dawn broke and screeching air sirens started to wail. I watched as terrified pedestrians ran into the church to reach the safety of the pews. When the bombardment started I was standing with a solitary Italian TV reporter I'd never met before on a pavement on a deserted road. Minutes earlier we had both been woken by a very faint rumbling noise in the distance and went out to investigate. At first some commuters still streamed into work in their cars. Two elderly women walked their dogs in the church square, apparently oblivious to Vladimir Putin's attack. It was completely surreal. But as Kiev started to wake there was an immediate and palpable sense of shock across the city. Within hours the sheer enormity of the attacks had been fully realised. As two fighter jets flew over the capital, long queues formed outside bank cashpoints. Postman PeterAliyev, 47, said: "We just don't know what's going to happen next. I wanted to get some money out when I could." A student called Andriy, 23, said: "We have always regarded Russia as our big brother. I just didn't expect this to happen. Ukraine will never be the same after this. This changes everything." The city was living on its nerves, wondering when and where the next attack would be. It remained unclear last night just how close Russian tanks were to the capital. But their airborne troops had reached a military airport just 25 miles away. And at least six helicopters were seen over Hostomel - a commuter town on the outskirts. The very deep metro system in Kiev at least gave terrified families the chance of some sort of safety. Hundreds of people with dozens of pet cats and dogs sheltered on the platforms. Many were simply stunned - some were in tears. On the motorways to the west, heading to Lviv, there was a nose-totail traffic jam stretching for miles. People just left their homes and jumped in their cars and drove. Most things had to be left behind. They were all praying that their homes would still be there when they are able to return. The roads were so jammed at one stage that no vehicles were able to move. So families got out to talk until the sirens suddenly went off again and they panicked, jumping back into their cars. Other people were spotted walking down the side of the motorway, wheeling their suitcases, holding their thumbs out, desperate for a lift to safety.At the main bus station passengers clambered on to coaches, which all left packed with people in the aisles. Many shops were shut - and the ones that were open had run out of food. In the city centre dozens of young men queued to join the military after receiving their conscription call-up papers. Ukraine's favourite sporting son - former Chelsea and AC Milan legend Andriy Shevchenko - took to social media to say: "Ukraine is my motherland! I have always been proud of my people and my country. "A nation of sincere, hard-working and freedom-loving citizens! This is our most important asset." He echoed the thoughts of the men and women in Ukraine who are all praying that there will be no more lives lost.