Manchester United could reportedly re-ignite their interest in Tottenham star Harry Kane, but their next managerial appointment could be crucial to any pursuit. Kane made his desire to depart Spurs clear last summer, with the Red Devils being one of his leading suitors. Ultimately, United opted against making a firm bid for the England captain, instead bringing in Cristiano Ronaldo. Despite signing the superstar, goals have been an issue for the Red Devils this term, especially under Ralf Rangnick. They are the lowest scorers among the sides currently occupying the top five places in the Premier League, which could cost the come the end of the season. The Old Trafford side are also facing what is likely to be a major revamp of their squad when the summer transfer window opens. Edinson Cavani appears set to move on from the Premier League when his contract expires, while Ronaldo’s future is also uncertain. JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs 'split' on Ronaldo as Glazers weigh up summer exit That could open up a space in the United squad for a leading striker, with Kane a leading target, having developed into one of the best forwards in the world. While they pulled back from making any real move for him, he is held in high regard by the hierarchy at Old Trafford. And according to ESPN, a move for Kane this summer is said to be a ‘possibility’ though it will cost a fee in the region of £100million. The likelihood of such a move being made would only increase should Mauricio Pochettino be appointed as United’s new permanent manager. DON'T MISS: Ferdinand urges Man Utd not to sign two stars who are Arsenal targets (TRANSFERS)Man Utd sent Atletico Madrid message in 'pathetic' review ahead of tie (INSIGHT)Why Man Utd have never appointed Diego Simeone as manager (ANALYSIS) Pochettino previously managed Kane at Spurs, with the striker enjoying his best spells under the Argentine boss. Though he is now at Paris Saint-Germain, Pochettino is high on United’s shortlist as they search for a long-term boss. His time in the French capital has not been as successful as hoped and it is thought that he is ready to depart the Parc des Princes. United would appear to be the most likely destination, with the club viewing Pochettino as the progressive manager they are looking for. Pochettino is battling with Erik ten Hag and Luis Enrique to be named as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent successor. If he did successfully win the race, it would serve as a major boost to United’s hopes of bringing Kane to Manchester. Offering the chance of a reunion with a manager he played his best football under would also hand them a key advantage over Manchester City, who are also keen on Kane. Whether or not this gives Pochettino his own advantage as he eyes the United job is unknown, but it will not harm their chances.