The Netflix sequel to one of the world’s biggest historical dramas finally released its first season this week, introducing fans to a brand new cast of medieval heroes and villains. Amongst the legendary figures heading up Vikings: Valhalla is Emma of Normandy (played by Laura Berlin), whose lavish costumes provide an insight into her character. Warning - this article contains spoilers for the first season of Vikings: Valhalla. Emma’s fashionable yet practical dresses are a key part of understanding her role in history. Starting out as the wife to Aethelred the Unready (Bosco Hogan), she and Prince Edmund (Louis Davison) are left to deal with the consequences of the Saint Brice’s Day Massacre following his death. She eventually remarried to King Canute (Bradley Freegard) and ascended the throne after overcoming his first wife, Queen Aelfgifu of Denmark (Pollyanna McIntosh). READ MORE: Blue Bloods Abigail Baker star sparks concern as she announces break If Valhalla proves a hit for Netflix, Emma will undoubtedly become a shrewd and intimidating adversary to watch out for in a second season and beyond. For history buffs in the audience, her period-accurate costumes have already provided an insight into her tough and authoritative demeanour. “Emma of Normandy’s high-necked dresses are meant to reflect her regality, and also act as her armour,” Netflix revealed in a list of behind-the-scenes trivia as it delved into her looks' deeper meanings. Throughout her journey, Emma’s outfits are always functional whilst still reflecting the fashionable style of the Norman monarchs at the time. While she’s rarely seen without her crown and jewels, she also dresses modestly to ensure none of her secrets are exposed to her enemies. Revealing more ahead of the show’s release, producers Jeb and Morgan revealed some more on-set insight about Icelandic explorer, Leif Eriksson (Sam Corlett). They explained: “Corlett is vegan, so costume designer Susan O’Connor Cave made him vegan leather armour to wear as Leif.” Leif’s armour may look like authentic leather, but costume designer Susan was actually able to ensure he was sticking to his vegan lifestyle throughout filming. DON'T MISS:BBC viewers voice support for ‘tearful’ Clive Myrie [REACTION]Grey’s Anatomy fans ‘furious’ as series regular quits midseason [LATEST]NCIS season 19: Palmer’s daughter makes Gibbs dig [SPOILERS] Costume whiz Susan was also a key member of the wardrobe department in some of the later seasons of the original Vikings series. The new details from Netflix confirmed she stuck to many of the show’s original designs to maintain a consistent tone. However, they added: "She introduced richer colours, more chainmail, and costuming details to reflect the Vikings’ transition into Christianity. “The Vikings, similarly, have a more organic look with lots of wools, linens, and furs.” “The Saxons’ costuming contrasts with lots of velvets, silks, and brocades with heavy embellishment.” Valhalla also brings back armourer John McKenna, who produced some of the most legendary looks for the cast of the original History drama. “[John] worked to make the battle outfitting and weaponry as historically accurate as possible,” they confirmed. “He also kept everything in Valhalla in the same dark, earthy, aged, period-appropriate visual tone as the original show.” As well as gripping fans with an epic drama of war and betrayal, Vikings: Valhalla will no doubt have history buffs returning again and again to spot more hidden details. Vikings: Valhalla season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.