Unlike supplies from Vladimir Putin’s federation - gas coming from fields off the Scottish coast are unaffected by his decision to march troops into Ukraine’s disputed eastern territories. This led the founder of green energy firm Ecotricity Dale Vince to question why gas from this location was seeing a similar price hike. He tweeted: “Boris Johnson needs to explain why the 50 percent of UK gas that our North Sea supplies rocketed in price just the same as Russian gas this winter - or perhaps he is unaware of this fact. “Making our own fossil fuels does not protect us from global price shocks.” Mr Vince has long been a critic of the UK’s energy policy - saying that we would be less reliant on foreign supplies if we did not export so much of our own gas. Earlier this month, the green energy entrepreneur also slammed how the country uses its natural gas supplies. READ MORE: Scholz's Nord Stream 2 plan set to cost France and Germany BILLIONS He wrote: “We export 80 percent of North Sea gas. “If we want independence from foreign supplies we should stop supplying foreign countries - that’s quicker and cheaper than more drilling and consistent with zero carbon policies.” He spoke as the recent rise in gas prices triggered by the situation in Ukraine could send even more British energy firms to the wall. Observers claimed that the conflict could cause the UK gas price to rocket to £10 per therm. DON'T MISS:Corbyn calls for TALKS with Russia to 'secure peace' [UPDATE]'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [REACTION]Ukraine blackout: Power CUT just minutes after Scholz announcement [INSIGHT] This would be more than double its peak in December which stood at just over £4.5 per therm. All this comes after the price of gas exploded by up to 250 percent last year. This led the price cap to increase for a typical household from £1,277 to £1,971 from April 1. Some industry analysts have predicted that it will go up again to £2,300 from October 1. An official told the Telegraph that preparations for “more supplier failures” had commenced following the ongoing Ukraine crisis. They cited “low levels of storage across Europe and nuclear power plants closing” as the chief reasons behind it. Last week the boss of industry regulator Ofgem told MPs last week that current forecasts suggest another increase is likely to come into effect before next winter. Jonathan Brearley said: “When you look at the forward prices right now, there is upward pressure in prices still, so you may see a rise in October. “It is really hard to say what the price cap will be if Russia invades Ukraine, but...you would see significant rises again in the price that people pay.” He added: “We are not experts in geo-politics but we expect that if Russia invades Ukraine - there is a sanctions regime and that Russia limits gas supplies to Europe. “That would drive high price rises and that would ultimately feed through to customers.”