Donald Trump, 75, appeared to suggest he would contest his third Presidential Election while on stage at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Orlando, Florida. Speaking to an audience of around 5,000 cheering supporters, the 45th President said: "The radical left is exposed, they're weak and their pathetic policies have been out there long enough now that we don't want them and we will never take them.  "We're bringing back our country and we're bringing back our freedom. "The socialists, globalists, Marxists and communists who are attacking our civilization have no idea of the sleeping giant they have awoken. "We are a sleeping giant. "They cannot even begin to imagine the brave and righteous spirit they have unleashed in men and women like all of you here today, and this is some crowd, we've broken the record again. "But they're going to find out the hard way, starting on November 8 and then again even more so in November 2024, they will find out like never before. "We did it twice and we'll do it again." Mr Trump, who lost the 2020 US Presidential Election to 79-year-old Joe Biden, also continued to peddle the unfounded claim that the last election was stolen and suggested the chaos in Ukraine would not be happening if he had won the most recent race. JUST IN: ‘Bloodshed must end!’ Russian billionaires voice support for Ukraine amid harsh sanctions He said: "The Russian attack on Ukraine is appalling. "It’s an outrage and an atrocity that should never have been allowed to occur. "We are praying for the proud people of Ukraine. "God bless them all. "As everyone understands, this horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged and if I was the President." The former POTUS has recently faced criticism from inside his own party for some of his comments about Vladimir Putin, 69, and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Much of this follows on from when a group of Trump supporters stormed the Capitol building just days before Mr Biden was inaugurated as America's 46th President in January 2021. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead Reacting to Mr Trump's CPAC speech, ex-UKIP and Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage, 57, issued a warning to the Democrats. He said: "I’m in no doubt Trump will run again in 2024, I have no doubt the Republicans will do well in the mid term elections and I have no doubt that actually the Democrats are in really, really big trouble." Mr Farage, who has appeared on the campaign trail with Mr Trump in 2016 and 2020, also told GB News viewers about the "buzz" around CPAC. "A lot of it," Farage explained, "whether you love him or hate him is down to Donald Trump." But Mr Trump will also be buoyed by an electoral boost after he trounced his Republican rivals to win the event's informal CPAC straw poll. Some 59 percent of attendees said they would vote for the ex-POTUS in the 2024 GOP primary if it were held today. DON'T MISS:Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv [SPOTLIGHT]Ukraine-Russia: Russia humiliated as army driven out of city [REVEALED]Russia war threats EXPLODE as Putin vows to battle Finland and Sweden [INSIGHT] Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, 43, finished in second place on 28 percent. Trump's former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, 58, limped through in a distant third place on just two percent. The most recent Presidential Election opinion poll found Mr Trump had opened up a six-point lead over Mr Biden, which would likely be enough for the 45th President to flip Arizona, Georgia, Michigan Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. According to polling aggregator RealClearPolitics, Mr Trump is currently averaging a 3.7 percent lead over his successor in general election surveys. If Trump stands again and reclaims the White House in 2024, he would become just the second US President to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office. The only other Commander-in-Chief to have achieved this feat was Grover Cleveland who became America's 22nd President in 1885 and then returned to the White House for a second term in 1893 as the country's 24th President.