Erling Haaland is a Ballon d’Or winner in waiting. The Norwegian is the name on the lips of all top clubs around Europe and looks set to leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer, though there has been little indication as to who he would be willing to sign for. Haaland has scored 16 goals in 14 Bundesliga appearances so far this season, registering five assists as well. The striker is believed to have a £63million release clause in his contract that becomes active in the summer, which is a steal considering that the 21-year-old is only going to improve. Of course, a player will need to be playing at the very top level and competing for trophies, and it will be that which determines where Haaland goes at the end of the season. Cadena SER have reported that if Dortmund are eliminated from the Europa League this week then the player will be pushed to decide where his future lies. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  They report that it there are five clubs battling it out for the former RB Salzburg star’s signature. Manchester City, Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid have all come forward and shown interest in Haaland, who is thought to be most keep on joining City. But a move to Madrid could also prove persuasive given that they are in the heart of a major rebuild and keen to become the deadly European force that they once were. Kylian Mbappe, who looks set to ignite a Cristiano Ronaldo vs Lionel Messi -esque competitive dual with Haaland, is Madrid-bound and thus partnering him upfront would make the team somewhat unstoppable partnership. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  However, Madrid don’t believe they will be able to sign both players in the summer and thus want to ‘convince Haaland to stay at Dortmund for another year’. If Rangers are able to avoid a defeat of three goals of more on Thursday night then it will push Madrid to start their ‘convincing’ as soon as possible. The Scottish Premier League side beat Dortmund 4-2 at Signal Iduna Park in the first leg of the Round of 32 tie in what was a historic win for Giovanni van Bronckhorst’s side. It is unknown whether Haaland will feature in the match having only just returned to training from injury. Speaking to the German Express, Dortmund’s CEO Hand-Joachim Watzke seems slightly more relaxed about the future of the world superstar he has at the club. He said: “I’m sure that it will be sorted out in the next few weeks. “It will take maybe a month, maybe six weeks.” It remains to be seen who Haaland will sign for in the summer, or whether he will postpone the biggest decision of his career, so far, and remain at Dortmund until next year.