The UK’s average house price has reached a new record high of £276,759, according to Halifax. Those selling their homes can make “simple” changes to boost their property price by a further 20 percent, which is equivalent to £55,000. Whether homeowners are looking to sell their property now or are likely to in the future, knowing how to add value to a home is an important insight. Property experts at The Guild Property Professionals explained how a house is one of the “biggest” and “best” investments Britons can make. They said: “Your property could be one of the biggest and best investments you make in your lifetime, so why not make the most of it by adding as much value as you can. “The rule of thumb when it comes to adding value is to utilise what you already have. “Any additions that are too costly might not bring you much of a return when the time comes to sell up, so work with the space you have and think about how it could be transformed to make it more useful.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours The experts have compiled several of the most worthwhile home improvements and additions that can add value to a home and make it more appealing to potential buyers. Loft conversions are a sure-fire way to add value to your home. The property experts said: “Most houses don’t require planning permission to convert the loft and they make really stunning rooms. “Plus, research conducted by the Nationwide Building Society found that adding a loft conversion can increase the value of your home by up to 20 percent.” DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading   [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘best’ hack to give your lawn an ‘extra boost’  [EXPERT] As a nation, Britons value the addition of outdoor space, particularly after the events of the last few years. The pandemic encouraged buyers to escape to the countryside, shifting the need for outdoor space even higher on buyers’ wish lists. Making the garden feel like another reception room adds heaps of value to a home, especially if it is currently somewhat neglected. Simply adding decking or a patio and outdoor furniture can turn a garden into a great entertaining space. Kitchens are the heart of the home and there’s nothing more appealing than a big welcoming room in which to cook up a feast and entertain. The experts said: “If you only want to improve one room, then definitely concentrate on the kitchen and add a few wow-factor touches to really make it stand out.” Homeowners should consider upgrading their cabinet doors, and replacing the tiles and worktops in their kitchen to give the room an instant facelift, on a budget. Homeowners could also add an extension onto their kitchens Expanding the kitchen onto the side and to the full width of the rest of the property would help gain valuable space. As previously mentioned, a big open plan kitchen presents a warm welcome and inviting environment - which is guaranteed to add value to a property in the long run. After the kitchen, the bathroom should be next on the list for an overhaul if it’s looking dated. Opt for a crisp white suite so it appeals to lots of people and add a few ultra-stylish features to make it a room to remember. This can be an expensive investment, however, if it's something that needs doing then it becomes a necessity. Homeowners may be able to get away with just a fresh lick of paint.