He may have felt he had put himself into a very strong position in recent weeks as Western leaders beat a path to his overlong conference table to urge him to change his mind. But he has miscalculated and must be made to pay for his actions. While President Putin was assembling his armoured forces on Ukraine's borders and threatening to attack, he caught the keen attention of the West. However, the message from Western leaders was either not clear or strong enough to spell out the consequences of an invasion, or Putin was not listening. Nevertheless, the threshold of war has been crossed. The extent to which the Ukrainians do or do not fight is irrelevant, as the violation of Ukraine's sovereign territory has occurred, international law has been broken and violent, bloody war has returned to Europe. Such deliberate state-on-state conflict should play no part in the lives of civilised people in the 21st century. Putin has cast himself and the Russian people into a very dark place and will be doomed to suffer the direst judgment of history. So, what is to be done? The most significant weapon that the West has now is solidarity and unity within and amongst us. There is nothing more that Putin would like to see than fractures between North American and European states and disagreements within Nato. This must not happen. Next, the most comprehensive, carefully calculated and harmful economic sanctions must be imposed on Russia. Cumulatively over time, this will degrade Russian businesses, trade and ultimately, their society. The latter point is particularly important because as the standard of living in Russia declines, so will any remaining popular support for Putin. It is its people themselves who must eventually rise up and throw him out. Meanwhile, Russia must be isolated in every way imaginable in the international community. It is inconceivable that Russian diplomats be included in major conferences or seminars. Similarly, Russia should be barred from hosting any world sporting events, nor should Russian teams be considered for participation. All these measures and more will increasingly hurt the Russian people, but they will also hurt us in the West as energy prices soar and the cost of living goes up. The sad reality of Putin's vile behaviour is that we are all, to a greater or lesser degree, caught up in the consequences of his illegal actions. And if there are any lingering doubts about whether we should be anything other than totally determined in our actions against him, then any hint of weakness by the West will see Russian pressure coming next on Kaliningrad in Lithuania and on tiny Moldova. Putin has crossed the line. He must pay. The West must be united and face down this monstrous bully, once and for all.