The Russian economy has been rocked by a freeze on the central bank's assets and removal of banks and financial institutions from the Swift messaging platform, used to facilitate financial transactions. "The Russian economy is now isolated globally, with only China serving as a potential lifeline," explained Christopher Vecchio, Senior Strategist at DailyFX. "But even then, the Chinese government has prohibited state banks from financing purchases of Russian commodities, a sign that China itself is not looking favourably at recent developments." China's position has become increasingly unclear after it abstained from a UN Security Council vote condemning Russia's actions in Ukraine.  According to Neil Shearing, group chief economist at Capital Economics, this suggests limits to China's willingness to support Russia. In a note, he explained: "China is unlikely to do anything that risks a further rupture in its relations with the West – such as a wholesale breaking of Western sanctions. "That wouldn’t be in China’s economic interests – access to global financial markets is more valuable than anything Russia can offer. "And it wouldn’t be in China’s strategic interests either, as it would hasten Western efforts to forcibly decouple China from access to advanced technology."  With large swathes of its foreign reserves in dollars and euros frozen, the Bank of Russia is increasingly looking to the potential of selling gold or Chinese currency the yuan to provide liquidity. Any restriction involving China would be a major blow to these options, an increasingly likely prospect after two Chinese banks announced restrictions on financing for buying Russian commodities. Craig Botham, chief China+ Economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, told Express.co.uk China would be "trying to sit this one out". He explained: "I think they’ll be very careful when it comes to the financial sanctions, because the repercussions of being excluded from SWIFT themselves are too high - worth noting that China complied with past US sanctions on Hong Kong officials, for example."  China could provide an outlet for Russian energy exports, however Michael Tamvakis, professor of Commodity Economics and Finance at Bayes Business School, cautioned this would be limited by capacity with the Power of Siberia pipeline not expected to be at full capacity unitil 2025. He added: “Even this may not be sustainable as China will not want to be seen to be financing war in Ukraine." Mr Botham added that China could also use the situation to "lock in favourable pricing" on Russian energy, particularly for the next phase of the Power of Siberia pipeline. One thing China could offer, he suggested, is "expanded swap lines... essentially a line of credit to allow Russia to keep buying Chinese goods without draining their (foreign exchange) reserves too much." Within China, the government has reportedly tried to play down the issues surrounding Ukraine, with state media offering limited coverage, particularly on the potential scale of the Russian incursion.   DON'T MISS: End of British petrol stations as EV revolution looms [ANALYSIS]Rubble plummets to worst rate ever as bank run set to begin [INSIGHT]Russian central bank resumes buying gold [SPOTLIGHT] Chinese media has also followed the line seemingly taken by officials of avoiding referring to events in Ukraine as an invasion. While China has so far managed to navigate a path described as 'pro-Russian neutrality', its position could become harder if the West begins pushing for tougher sanctions. Restrictions so far have already had noticeable effects with the ruble plummeting in value and scenes of Russians queuing to withdraw money - prompting fears of a run on the banks. Russia's central bank was forced to hike interest rates by more than double in a bid to try to keep money in accounts as well as closing the stock market until Tuesday. 