Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) was left devastated in season one of the Netflix Regency period drama after his lover Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett) broke up with him. The viscount seemed lost after their steamy romance was cut short and reconciled himself to find a prudent match - without the love part attached. Express.co.uk looks at the doomed love between the pair and just why their relationship failed the test of time. Season one opened with Anthony and opera singer Siena in the throes of passion up against a tree. Within the first five minutes, audiences were treated to more of the viscount than they were expecting as the head of the Bridgerton clan was urged by a footman - only metres away - to make haste with his lovemaking and return to duty. While it was a comical moment, it hinted at why Anthony and Siena were never going to be more than a series of trysts. The simple reason the couple broke up was their differing social statuses - Anthony was an eligible viscount at the top of society while Siena was a self-made opera singer without any notable family connections to speak of. READ MORE: Bridgerton season 2: What will Bridgerton series 2 be about? During the Regency Era, old money ruled supreme and the aristocracy’s inherited wealth gained them privilege. The aristocracy intermarried in order to accumulate wealth which they lived off without having to work for their money. Despite making her own way in the world as a highly talented singer, Siena was new money - something the scathing eye of the Ton and poisoned quill of Lady Whistledown wouldn’t fail to notice. Siena was painfully aware of her situation in society compared to her paramour Anthony and this was the reason she broke off their romance. Even though Siena and Anthony were in love, it was clear their feelings weren’t enough and they would be fighting the tide of society to gain acceptance. The final scene between Siena and Anthony was a heartbreaking moment as she told the rake she’d found a new lover who saw her for who she really was. The assertion was Anthony would have asked Siena to change herself to fit into polite society with him and they would constantly be under scrutiny, whereas her new romance was free of expectations. Anthony was bereft and decided to marry without forming any romantic attachment to his spouse, which he explained to sister Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor) and her husband the Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page). The couple simply exchanged glances with one another and decided to let Anthony realise the error of his ways in time. Siena and Anthony’s breakup neatly segued into season two with the viscount now on the prowl for a wife. Anthony sets his sights on Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran), who with her mother Mary (Shelley Conn) and elder sister Kate (Simone Ashley) have recently arrived from India. However, Kate will be stopping at nothing to protect her sister from the notorious rake with unexpected sparks beginning to fly between the pair. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton: What happened to Edmund Bridgerton? The tragic backstory [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton season 1 sex scenes: When are they? A guide to skipping [GUIDE]Bridgerton: Who is the mystery woman with Benedict? [ANALYSIS] Speaking about Anthony’s season one break up, Bridgerton author Julia Quinn said in an interview in 2021: "I don't know how much he was in love with Siena, or the idea of her.” The American writer said the continued romance between Anthony and Siena would have been “very difficult” and “problematic” given the rigidity of society at this time. She went on to tell Insider: "He's ready to fall in love with somebody who can be his match in a way that Siena can’t.” Quinn also praised the television series for giving the characters more depth earlier on in the timeline than they had in the novels - which generally focuses on one couple at a time. Bridgerton season 2 is released on Netflix on March 25