The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently based at Kensington Palace in London, while they also have their Anmer Hall residence in Norfolk. There has been speculation recently that the couple could move to Windsor with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Teddy Wolstenholme, the editorial director of Talk Education and a former editor of the Tatler Schools Guide, said the Cambridges have been looking into schools in the area. Mr Wolstenholme told the Times: “They’ve been doing their research on local schools for the last year. “One pupil at Lambrook was asked by the cheery future king how he’d rate Latin. "And when Kate was looking round another school, Papplewick, a pupil told her that she looked just like the Duchess of Cambridge.” Royal commentator Hilary Rose cited reports that Windsor Castle has been "earmarked" as a base for the Cambridges in Berkshire, but said they are more likely to live in a nearby village. Ms Rose wrote in the Times: "Windsor itself, though lovely, is seen as less of a place for the Cambridges to hang out, because of the high probability that tourists might gawk. "Instead, it’s said that they’ll head for the discreetly wealthy little web of rural villages near her parents — whom William adores — where the locals have taken an oath of omerta about the Middletons in their midst." READ MORE: Kate and William 'honour at stake' as Cambridges battle it out Speculation has been high over future schools for George following his eighth birthday. His father William was the same age when he started attending boarding school. Last August, it was reported that the Cambridges were seriously considering a move to Windsor. A source told the Mail on Sunday: "Anmer Hall made sense while William was a helicopter pilot in East Anglia and it was useful for Christmases at Sandringham, but it doesn’t really work any more. DON'T MISS Kate has 'taken over' Prince Harry's 'banter' with Prince William [ANALYSIS]Harry and Andrew unlikely to be stripped of role by Parliament–expert [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: William and Kate to clash in battle for pride [LIVE BLOG] "It’s a little too far away for weekends, but Windsor is a perfect compromise. They are eyeing up options in the area." The Queen has spent much of the pandemic at Windsor Castle. Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson also live in Windsor, while the Wessexes are also nearby. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank are staying at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. Princess Anne and Prince Charles also have residences in Gloucestershire. Meanwhile, Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton are based in the village of Bucklebury. 