From helping the estimated half a million Ukrainian refugees, to donating to their military efforts, to sending medical supplies - there are plenty of ways you can support charities aiding the people of Ukraine. This is how to donate to Ukraine from the UK. Watching the tragic events unfold following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, you might be wondering what you can do to help. In the UK, many charities have organised donations to be sent to the estimated 500,000 Ukrainian refugees. You can help the Ukrainian people both by sending clean clothes and bedding, or by sending money to charity. There are many charities working in Ukraine to support refugees and offer medical aid. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale  This website put together by Ukrainians has a guide to anyone hoping to help, and some information on the key charities asking for donations, from donating to Army supplies to psychological support for children. An international charity, the Red Cross are a neutral humanitarian organisation helping people affected by conflict. The Red Cross said: “All funds will be used to help those in need, affected by armed conflict, blood collection, mobilisation of volunteers and resources, and emergency activities.” You can donate to the Red Cross in Ukraine here.   The Association of Ukrainians in Great Britain (AUGB) is accepting donations for their #HelpUkraine appeal. On their website, they let you know exactly how your money can help people in Ukraine. Donating £8 could pay for two woollen blankets, for example, while £70 could give a family of four a food and hygiene pack for a whole month. You can find out how to donate - in person or online - on AUGB’s website.  DON'T MISS:'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  [UPDATE]Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance [INSIGHT]Have your say: Do Russian sanctions go far enough? [POLL]  Sunflower for Peace described its mission as: “a nonprofit organization whose current mission is to provide medical and humanitarian aid for people affected by violence in Ukraine.” So many people have donated to Sunflower for Peace in the wake of the crisis in Ukraine, they have reached their PayPal limit for donations and are now only accepting donations from Facebook. You can donate to Sunflower for Peace via their Facebook page here.  If you can’t spare the cash for a donation, you can help in other ways by donating old clothes you may have. Local donation hubs have popped up around the UK and have already been flooded with donations of clothes - particularly warm coats - and clean bedding for Ukrainian refugees. Some Polish cultural centres, as well as churches across the country, are accepting donations. 