Juventus legend Alessandro Del Piero has offered Tottenham hope Antonio Conte will remain committed to the club's project despite his evident concerns about his side's progress after Spurs' 1-0 defeat at Burnley on Wednesday night. The Italian tactician appeared to have reached boiling point after his men succumbed to their fourth loss in five matches. Conte had been optimistic that the last-gasp win on the road at Manchester City last weekend could prove to be the turning point in Tottenham's season. However, Spurs were undone by relegation-battling Burnley on a cold, wet and windy night in Lancashire as Ben Mee headed home the winner. After the match, Conte gave several concerning interviews in which he appeared to hint he could walk away from the club. His compatriot and friend Del Piero has since offered some comfort to Tottenham supporters by making it clear Conte recently declared his happiness with life at Spurs. READ MORE: Tottenham's four most-realistic managerial options ranked should Antonio Conte leave club “I was in London to meet with Antonio Conte a few weeks ago – he was super happy about Tottenham, board, facilities, stadium," he said. “I feel the problem is about players he needs to win titles. They sold four players in Jan and only signed two." The club's January transfer business - or lack of - was something Conte referenced in a recent interview with Sky Italia. Spurs have now banned Conte from speaking to the Italian media amid fears his comments will get lost in translation. The dust appears to have settled on last night's defeat and there is optimism former Chelsea and Inter Milan boss Conte will show the determination to fight on. Spurs can still go within a single point of fourth-place Manchester United if they win their two games in hand. However, with Arsenal, Wolves and West Ham also in the top-four mix, achieving qualification for next season's Champions League is by no means an easy feat. Tottenham now travel to Leeds on Saturday before returning north to face Middlesbrough in the FA Cup fifth round on Tuesday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I have to talk to the club," an honest Conte explained after the defeat. "I am too honest to close my eyes and continue in this way, and also take my salary. "I want to take my responsibility. I am open for every decision because I want to help Tottenham. "I came in to try and improve the situation with Tottenham but maybe in this moment, I am not so good to improve it. "I'm trying to do everything to change the situation but the situation is not changing. 'Someone has to speak about the race for the fourth place, and the reality from the last five games is we have to pay attention to not fight for the relegation zone."