Maddie lived in Dubai for four years before she decided to relocate to Spain during the pandemic. She found a job as a teacher in the Valencia region, by Costa Blanca, and has been enjoying life there since 2020. Maddie shared with Express.co.uk her top tips for relocating to Spain. She explained: "Top advice, do your research to the area! "Do you want to live on the coast or inland? Spain is BIG. "It can take an hour to go 20 miles inland as there are many mountain roads to navigate! READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'very important' tip for elderly travellers  "What looks commutable really isn't," she said. Maddie continued: "What about the community? Expat or not? Mix? Easy link to airports? "If you can work online really look at the cost of working from home as you'll need a non-lucrative visa etc, which means you will need to prove a high level of savings. "If you do get a job, this is unlikely outside real tourist areas without a) fluent Spanish and b) if you are from the UK this is doubly unlikely." What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  She explained getting a job in the Mediterranean country is difficult because of "post Brexit and all its complications". "I was lucky to arrive six months before this came into effect - this also meant I could sort out my driving licence relatively easily." Maddie said: "Tax is high and wages are approximately two thirds to half of what you would expect in the UK. "Spain officialdom can be extremely cumbersome (and I have experience of the Middle East!) and I find things can go two ways. "Either very easy or very hard; nothing in between." She said Britons should be ready to have a "frustrating time" when they first move abroad but there is something they can do to avoid it: get help from a lawyer. Maddie explained: "You have to be in the system to even get a SIM card. "Be very prepared to have a frustrating time of it and always employ someone (lawyers are two a penny here!) to help you navigate the system," she recommended. Maddie shared what her first weeks in the country were like: "It can be daunting moving to a new country but I always try and plan reasonably well so things don't jump up at me i.e. car hire sorted, a place to stay (initially got that through a contact through work). "It was more stressful this time in 2020 as I had just relocated from Dubai and it was HARD getting out of there in one piece both with everything legal sorted and with salary due actually paid! "I was back to the UK for only a month and then out to Spain. Then a new headship with all the pressures etc of getting to know both the workplace and the community. "I spent the first few weeks both getting up to speed with work whilst chilling down exploring the community (helped it was hot and summer) after a really quite unusual and stressful few months of lockdown in Dubai. I bought a lot of stuff to add to the two suitcases I had brought with me," she said.