  Pete Doherty required “immediate” medical treatment after the musician became ill whilst on tour. The star has been forced to cancel his upcoming gigs, which were due to take place this weekend.     Pete, 42, is best known as the frontman for English rock band The Libertines, alongside fellow vocalist and guitar player Carl Barât, 43. The singer has had no choice but to cancel his upcoming gigs, as he remains under “close observation” from doctors. Pete fell ill while on tour, suffering from a high fever and shortness of breath. Despite his worrying symptoms, the diagnosis of COVID-19 was ruled out after the star tested negative for the virus. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement    A statement released on Pete’s behalf revealed that the musician has been diagnosed with a respiratory infection. Due to his continued health battle, a number of his shows around the UK have been cancelled While Pete’s fans might be disappointed by this outcome, it was made clear that the decision was “not taken lightly”, but that doctors told the singer not perform “under any circumstances”. The Libertines, who are in the middle of their rescheduled ‘Giddy Up A Ding-Dong Tour’, took to Instagram yesterday to share the news.      The statement read: “A doctor has been called to assess Peter's condition tonight after he developed a high fever and shortness of breath. “Thankfully, he has tested negative for COVID-19, but has been diagnosed with a respiratory infection which requires immediate treatment. “Unfortunately, he [Pete] has been advised not to perform tonight under any circumstances, which was not a decision taken lightly, and he remained under close observation with the doctor. “Further updates tomorrow afternoon with regard to the weekend’s show.” READ MORE... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST] Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [NEWS] John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS]     The Libertines had been scheduled to perform at the O2 Forum in Kentish Town on Friday and Saturday. Pete, who is also frontman for the band Babyshambles, is due to take to the stage at various locations across Europe over the next few months, including gigs in France, Germany and Holland. Pete recently teamed up with French musician Frédéric Lo on the album, The Fantasy Life Of Poetry & Crime, which is due for release on March 18. Their accompanying UK and European tour is due to start in Paris on May 5 and end in Cambridge on May 20.      The Libertines formed in London in 1997, centring around the songwriting partnership of Pete and co-frontman Carl. For most of the band’s recording career, John Hassall was also featured on bass, while Gary Powell played the drums. The band, which was part of the garage rock revival movement, gained notoriety in the early 2000s with a No. 2 single No. 1 album on the UK charts. Pete formed his other band Babyshambles during a hiatus from The Libertines, and as of 2013 the group included Mick Whitnall on lead guitar, Drew McConnell on bass and Adam Ficek on drums.  