Many budget airlines offer tourists the option to only bring hand luggage. Although it’s normally a lot cheaper, many Britons struggle to fit everything into one small bag. Although allowances differ across airlines, some budget lines including easyJet and Ryanair won’t let passengers bring much. A passenger’s cabin bag will need to fit in the overhead locker or under the seat in front on most airlines. The genius ‘pillow hack’ could save some British travellers money by helping them avoid overweight baggage fees. TikTok user Anya Lakovlieva posted a video of her filling an empty pillowcase with clothes that didn’t fit in her bag. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life changing’ baggage tip She then showed herself seated on the plane with the pillow after the airline allowed her through with it as well as her bag. The travel influencer said “Pillow flies for free.” Another TikTok user said: “I am flying tomorrow to New York, I will try this trick.” Travel expert and founder and CEO of Next Vacay told Express.co.uk: “While very clever and worth trying, travellers should keep in mind that this hack may not work on every occasion. “Most airlines will allow you to bring a travel pillow as part of your attire, but each airline will determine if you can board carrying a standard-sized bed pillow, depending on their luggage regulations. “Some airlines may consider a full-sized pillow as one allotted personal item, so if you are planning on using this hack, check with your airline what pillow size is appropriate to avoid unexpected fees.” Travellers should always check their airline’s baggage guidelines if they want to try the pillow hack. While the pillow hack might not work for every British tourist, there is one other sneaky way to carry excess luggage. Most airlines won’t count duty free bags with items bought at the airport as an extra piece of hand luggage. If a passenger buys something at one of the airport’s shops, they will normally be given a bag for the item. The majority of airlines won’t include the bag as another item of luggage. Savvy passengers could put some of their excess items in the duty free bag. If a bag is overweight, passengers may be asked to check into the hold free of charge or they may have to pay a fine. Luggage in the hold is also weighed and passengers will have to pay an extra fee if they exceed the luggage limit. A former flight attendant advised passengers to check they can lift their bag above their head before boarding. They said that flight attendants aren’t allowed to put passengers’ bags in the overhead locker for them.