Questions have been raised about the Russian president's state of mind, after he launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine yesterday morning. One French official, MEP Bernard Guetta, claimed that Putin appeared to be "paranoid", adding: "I think this man is losing his sense of reality, to say it politely." Asked if that meant he thought Putin had gone mad, he said "yes". Meanwhile, Czech President Milos Zeman, who has long been a supporter of Putin, called him a "madman" following the invasion. Russian politician Vladimir Ashurkov, allied to Putin's opponent Alexei Navalny, described the President's recent actions as "really bizarre". He said that Monday's speech was "unprecedented in the rhetoric of world leaders, but also for Russia. It’s quite strange." UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Putin's behaviour is "deeply irrational", adding that he is not in his "right mind". It has since been suggested that brain fog, as a result of Long Covid, could be to blame. Pharmacist Hussain Abdeh from Medicine Direct said that a person's mental state could be altered by the virus. Speaking to the Mail Online, he said: "Research early on into the pandemic also found that a small number of people who tested positive for COVID-19 experienced sudden behavioural changes including delirium, confusion, and agitation." The changes can be characterised by excessive self-confidence, recklessness and contempt for others, the paper reports. READ MORE: Putin reign of terror rages – nursery and orphanage attacked It is not known whether or not the Russian President has been infected with the virus. However, footage filmed in November showed Putin suffering a coughing fit during a TV appearance. GP Dr Paul Ettlinger, from The London General Practice, agreed that Long Covid can "affect your mental health". He said: "Long Covid can certainly affect your mental health. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS] "It affects people's ability to resume normal life and their capacity to do work. "It can comprise of a number of debilitating symptoms, with fatigue and muscle weakness being a frequently reported symptom, which can last for weeks or months. "It is a dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system similar to chronic fatigue syndrome and can cause you to have an inability to make accurate decisions and to experience a clouded mind resulting in feelings of confusion. "You need to look at the individual as a whole when viewing how a person's mental health may have been affected." However, a neuropsychologist at Trinity College Dublin, Professor Ian Robertson, suggested that the Russian president could be suffering from hubris syndrome. Speaking to The I, he said that Putin's actions appear to be "as much personal as political because once the hubris syndrome takes hold in the brain, the personal and the national are identical because the leader is the nation and its destiny". Speculation about Putin's mental state come after he declared war on Ukraine yesterday. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced earlier today that 137 people have been killed so far in the fighting, including civilians. The UN’s refugee agency has said around 100,000 Ukrainians have been displaced, with thousands fleeing to nearby European states.