Morecambe and Wise lit up the nation’s screens for decades with their hilarious comedy double act. The duo are often a firm favourite on the Christmas TV schedule, but they also return to our screens tonight for BBC Two’s ‘The Perfect Morecambe & Wise’. The series pulls together some of the pair’s golden moments from their amazing back catalogue. Among the sketches, songs and routines in the latest episode is their re-enactment of a classic scene from ‘Singin’ in the Rain’. Viewers will also be entertained by Eric’s decision to take on the role of Shakespeare’s Hamlet. Morecambe and Wise were renowned for their collaborations with huge names, and also shared the screen with Cilla Black. Despite their on-screen chemistry, behind the scenes, things were not always straightforward. Ernie’s widow Doreen, who passed away in 2018, revealed her thoughts on Eric during his younger years in a throwback interview. Speaking to the Daily Mail in 2009, she was asked about her memories of the late comedian, who worked with her husband for more than 40 years. She said: “That he was always in the way. “Until Ernie came along, his mother had always looked after him. “But she must have thought: ‘Oh, this is a good, reliable sort of fellow. “‘I can have a bit of peace’ – so Ernie got the job of looking after him.” Doreen also recalled the coincidence of her and Eric sharing a birthday. She said: “That made it very easy for Ernie. “I was always safe in the knowledge that Ernie was never likely to forget my birthday because Eric would always be reminding him of his!” Doreen also addressed reports at the time that while still young, Ernie wrote a letter to Eric in 1944 saying that their act was not working. Doreen dismissed speculation that there was “trouble at home” for Ernie, explaining that he and Eric had formed a solid double act by this time. She said: “The trouble at home would have been a reference to his father, a real slave driver, who had forced Ernie into showbiz in the first place. DON'T MISS: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley 'Dearly loved' [LATEST]Brenda Blethyn husband: Michael 'disappeared' during unusual proposal to Vera star [INSIGHT]‘Woke’ Archbishop of Canterbury blasted term ‘snowflake’ and defended speech restrictions [ANALYSIS] “And who never wanted him to stop his regular work because he was afraid it would affect him being the main breadwinner.” Eric and Ernie first struck up their enduring partnership in 1941 when they were booked separately to appear on stage in Nottingham. They eventually became national treasures after securing a prime-time slot on BBC Two in 1968. ‘The Morecambe and Wise Show’ saw the pair carve out a reputation as the nation’s favourite double act. The duo went from strength to strength, with their 1977 Christmas special watched by 28 million people – a viewing record for a British comedy show. The pair were known for their impressive celebrity guests, including the likes of Elton John and Shirley Bassey. Eric died in 1984 and Ernie in 1999. ‘The Perfect Morecambe & Wise’ airs on BBC Two from 8:30pm-9pm tonight.