A lifetime of scrapes did not prevent him from getting to No 10 and he presumably reckons his luck will hold. It is also testimony to his resilience and ebullience that he is still our Prime Minister after the utter chaos of recent weeks. Up to 15 Tory MPs have demanded a vote of confidence; some colleagues, led by Chancellor Rushi Sunak, have been advertising their availability as an alternative leader or distancing themselves from the PM; the Civil Service is in turmoil with five No 10 staff jumping in one day before they were pushed; an economy ravaged by covid and horrendously in debt; and a cost of living crisis through rising inflation and interest rates plus soaring energy prices. All this is not to mention the political mess induced in Northern Ireland by the EU’s post-Brexit attempt to colonise the province; Scotland wittering on about independence; and Wales beginning to dance to the same tune. And if that were not enough the police are investigating No 10 booze parties in the pandemic lockdown while Vladimir Putin knocks on the gates of the Ukraine and China further attempts to de-stabilise the West shorn of strong leadership. It is not as though Boris has nothing to commend him. He has got Brexit more or less done, won the best Tory election majority since 1987 and presided over a world-beating covid vaccination programme. But he cannot live on past achievements if the Government is falling apart. He is like a cat who has gone through eight of its nine lives. One more slip and he will be gone because his MPs will have had enough and fear for their seats at the next election. They have a long record of ruthlessness with leaders they think are losers. So, what does Boris have to do to survive? In a word: reform. Can he? That is the question of the hour. The current mess reflects entirely his untidy and undisciplined approach to life with a cavalier view of spending, leavened by a laddish personality that underlies his undoubted charisma and keen intelligence, if not judgment. He is not, for example, good at picking staff. Dominic Cummings is the prime example of his failure, and the turnover of No 10 chiefs (as distinct from Indians) has been exceptional. This means that we have to await results from his appointment of an effective Minister. Steve Barclay, as his chief of staff; his PPS, Andrew Griffith MP as his policy director charged with liaising with Tory Backbenchers; and Guto Harri. resuming a partnership they had when Boris was Mayor of London. Combining a grossly over-staffed No 10 and the Cabinet Office to form an Office of the Prime Minister is pure fiddling while Rome burns. Some might say it also gives entirely the wrong impression of reform, given that No 10 is reported to be crammed with 400 staff compared with fewer than 100 in Margaret Thatcher’s careful days. In short, I still await real signs of change, even though in his letter to MPs Boris moved to tap the Tory Parliamentary Party’s expertise and views on policy. Somehow, his new lieutenants have to convert their inherently wayward boss into an organised and disciplined character who pays some attention to detail and listens to advice instead of relying on his lively intellect to cope with awkward situations. They have also to conjure up from somewhere a new and entirely uncharacteristic interest on his part in the economy with public money, value for its outlay and raising the efficiency of the entire public sector as public debt piles up and the cost of servicing it soars to around £50bn a year. Kicking more cans down the road will be fatal. All this they must secure without impairing his ability to inspire, while controlling his propensity to promise the earth, bearing in mind our economic circumstances. On the face of it, Boris’ need to fill the Western leadership vacuum will be easier. He has shown some capacity for statesmanship, notably in his handling of the vindictive EU. That is a real plus. But voters want to feel they can trust their PM, repose some confidence in his governance and that he is looking after their brass. That calls for extensive reform at a time of severe economic constraints. If things are better in two years’ time Boris might well lead the Tories into the next election. But that will only happen if the leopard changes his spots. Can he? We shall see.