Darren Henry was filmed laughing as he received the dance at the event which raised more than £3,000 for the homeless. Footage shows the performer dressed in a blue sequin dress and blonde wig circle the MP for Broxtowe before simulating oral sex to the tune of My Boy Lollipop. Mr Henry had been invited to a charity drag night at Oliver's Pub and Kitchen in Eastwood owned by lion keeper, Reece Oliver, on February 19. The event was arranged by Broxtowe mayor, Richard MacRae, to help raise funds for Broxtowe Youth Homelessness (BYH) which helps young people in the area. NottinghamshireLive reports that Mr Henry was called up towards the end of the night for the lap dance. The footage shows the drag queen sitting on his lap and holding a sex toy while pretending to perform the sex act on him.  Mr Henry said: "I was very pleased to attend the charity drag night on Saturday at the invitation of Broxtowe's Mayor. "The event raised a lot of money for Broxtowe Youth Homelessness, an incredibly worthwhile charity in my constituency. "I had no idea I would be asked on to the stage and was not sure what to expect. I was slightly alarmed by what it entailed, but have been assured by my lovely wife that it is part of the parcel of a drag show." Independent local councillor Richard MacRae told NottinghamshireLive: "Darren was not there in his capacity as MP.  READ MORE ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN SHOOTING THEMSELVES IN THE FOOT "I organised the event and am grateful to Oliver's Pub and Kitchen, Condragulations Extravaganza and Mark Preston (Zandra) who all helped raised over £3,100 which all goes to Broxtowe Youth Homelessness. "I am forever grateful to the LGBTQ+ community who, without their help and support, we would not have raised this amazing amount of money. Every single penny goes directly to BYH to help in the amazing work they do."  DON'T MISS: Prince Charles: the idyllic island owned by the Prince [REVEALED] Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [REPORT] Russian tanks roll on Donetsk as Putin orders 'peacekeeping mission' [LATEST] He was critical of a separate online report which he said had "a pop for something that was so positive". Mr MacRae added: "Darren was 100 percent setup on the evening.  "All in good fun, all for a good cause and every single person there had an absolutely amazing evening." Mr Henry was elected in 2019, replacing Anna Soubry who held the seat from 2010. 