The singer, who lived in the countryside of Philadelphia, USA, revealed how in 2005 he “finally reached a critical mass… and crashed and burned” after being diagnosed with a disease known to cause a long list of harsh effects, such as cardiac problems, anxiety, depression, short-term memory loss. In the 2011 interview, Hall, who said he had been bitten “so many times” over the years, opened up about his experience with Lyme Disease. He said: "I got it the way everybody gets it. "I've lived in the country for many, many years ... it's a hotbed of deer and other wildlife animals. “I'd been bitten over the years so many times and I think it finally reached a critical mass and I crashed and burned about five years ago."   Lyme disease comes from a bacterial infection that is passed to humans by infected ticks–small creatures which feed on the blood of various mammals. As a result of Hall’s infection, the duo Hall and Oates cancelled their 2005 tour for the album Our Kind of Soul. The musician experienced a range of problems, including fever-like symptoms, allergies, aches, pains and tremors. In the Healthline interview, he advised people who might be confused by changing symptoms "to get tested for Lyme disease because the symptoms mimic so many other things."  One of the most common symptoms is a circular or oval shaped rash around the tick bite. This rash usually occurs between one to four weeks of infection but can appear after three months and can last several weeks, suggests the NHS. The body added: “The rash may be flat, or slightly raised, and look pink, red, or purple when it appears on white skin. “It can be harder to see the rash on brown and black skin and it may look like a bruise. Ticks can carry several diseases, not just Lyme disease. After being tested by doctors, Hall discovered he had “six or seven tick-borne diseases.” Another disease that may come from ticks–including in England–is Tick-borne encephalitis, although the risk of getting TBE is low. In the UK, ticks are usually found in grassy woodland areas in England and the Scottish Highlands.  Lyme disease infection can normally be prevented if the tick is removed less than 36 to 48 hours after it attaches to your skin, according to Mayo Clinic. To remove a tick: Recently, Hall has announced his first solo tour in over a decade for an album called BeforeAfter which will be released on April the 1st. The NHS recommends visiting your GP if you have been bitten by a tick or visited an area where ticks could be within three months. 