Only a monarch can know her pain at being expected to celebrate her accession when she needs no reminding that it is also the anniversary of her father’s death. For the Queen, staying at Sandringham where King George VI passed away on February 6, 1952, it was also her first Accession Day without her beloved husband of 73 years, Prince Philip, following his death 10 months ago. Yesterday it was left to her eldest son, the Prince of Wales, to commemorate the milestone and to speak for us all when he paid tribute to her “devotion to the welfare of all her people”, noting how she “inspires still greater admiration with each passing year”, and calling on us all to celebrate the unprecedented Platinum Jubilee this year. Prince Charles appreciates more than anyone the duty that his mother has always taken so seriously, and the invaluable support she gained from having a loving and selfless consort. That is why he paid tribute, too, to his “darling wife” the Duchess of Cornwall and acknowledged the honour of the Queen urging the nation, when the time comes, to give the two of them the same support and loyalty she has enjoyed. Charles, with Camilla at his side, will one day make a fine king, not least because of the wonderful example his mother continues to set. Yesterday's endorsement for Boris Johnson from former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith was hardly a ringing one, stating that Johnson is the right man to sort out the crisis in Downing Street because he is the one who caused it. But Duncan Smith is right. Boris does not need telling that the mess is of his own making and he has not only apologised but made a good start in trying to repair the damage by reshaping his No10 team. Continuing to drag out Partygate may suit Boris’s political enemies but, as Duncan Smith rightly says, getting rid of him right now is certainly not in the best interests of the Conservative Party. And it is not in the interests of the country either, when there are far more important issues to be resolved, such as the cost-of-living crisis. The world of washing-up has been turned upside down by the biggest change to the shape of the Fairy Liquid bottle in its 62-year history. The big question is... What will Blue Peter make of it? READ MORE: Fairy Liquid sees biggest change in 62-year history - as iconic bottle turns 'upside down' What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea