Kiev is under further attack from Vladimir Putin as Russian troops gain ground toward the Ukrainian capital. Multiple explosions were heard in Kiev and the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky confirmed that Russia's assault on the capital had continued.  He also said explosions started at around 4am local time. Intelligence from the West has suggested that Russia is building an "overwhelming force" to take control of the city. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine tweeted: "Horrific Russian rocket strikes on Kyiv. "Last time our capital experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany.   "Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Sever all ties. Kick Russia out of everywhere." The Foreign Secretary Liz Truss tweeted in support of Ukraine, saying: "Solidarity with @DmytroKuleba and the Ukrainian people. "Putin's assault on Ukraine is barbaric, unjustified and shows a callous disregard for human life. "We will continue to hold Putin to account and remain steadfast in our support." READ MORE:China cosies up to Putin in defiant warning to West Downing Street was lit up with the colours of the Ukrainian flag on Thursday night with the official Twitter page saying: "The UK stands with Ukraine and its people as they courageously defend their freedom and their democracy." On Thursday evening, Mr Kuleba announced that the "first ever" joint phone call occurred between two diplomats and two defence ministers from Ukraine and the UK. He said: "First ever 2+2 call of two diplomats + two defence ministers of Ukraine and the United Kingdom. "Topics: sanctions and weapons. London works very intensively on both. DON'T MISS:Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit (REACTION)High blood pressure: The fruit shown to cause ‘significant’ reductions (INSIGHT)The Queen 'dotes openly' on her 'favourite child' showing 'indulgence' (REVEAL)  "The UK believes in Ukraine and our victory over the aggressor." President Zelenskyy confirmed that over 137 Ukrainians, including soldiers and civilians, were killed on the first day of fighting. The Ministry of Defence in the UK has said that the Ukrainian military was putting up "a staunch resistance" to the invasion, but that "heavy causalities" have been suffered by both sides. Since the attacks began on Thursday, sirens have blasted out across Kiev, a city which has a population of nearly three million people, and traffic jams have built up as people have tried to flee. Those who haven't been able to leave are taking shelter in train stations, basements, and bomb shelters. The UN has estimated that more than 100,000 people have already left their homes and human rights groups have warned of a major refugee crisis. 