Engagement rings shouldn't be left to gather dust, dirt and sticky particles. Your most precious and expensive ring should be cleaned on a regular basis to ensure it doesn't get damaged or lose its sparkle. Express.co.uk chatted to the experts at Hatton Jewellers to find out how. A diamond ring will last a lifetime but, if not regularly cleaned and looked after carefully it can start to appear dull and worn over time. You need to dust off and polish that bling every now and then to keep it sparkling and looking brand new. Don't be scared about cleaning it, it's really simple and won't damage your ring if you do it right.  READ MORE- Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats  Cosmetics, perfumes, skin oils and other factors can affect their natural brilliance and scratches start to appear on the metal band. Robert Cuomo, Managing Director at Hatton Jewellers, said: “We recommend getting jewellery cleaned at least every six months either professionally or at home to keep it looking new. “Regularly check for warning signs of vulnerability in your jewellery, such as checking for loose stones or prongs. “This may prevent the need to spend more money to replace lost stones later down the line.”   There are many things you can do to keep your ring looking brand new for longer and avoid having to get repairs. How you store your ring plays a huge role in the preservation and it’s important to remove your ring when carrying out specific tasks. For example, you should always take your ring off when washing, swimming, exercising, gardening, doing outdoor activities, or doing pretty much anything vigorous that involves your hands. DON'T MISS...Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step[INFORMER]Why your boiler keeps losing pressure - 4 common costly issues [INSIGHT]White vinegar cleaning hacks: How to keep bath mat free from bacteria [EXPLAINER] In between regular cleaning, store your ring in a clean, dust-free location. For example, the box the ring came in or a jewellery box with a soft lining. The experts added: “Avoid mixing your new ring with old jewellery; leaving your brand-new diamond alongside a tarnished gold chain is most definitely a bad idea as any tarnishing may transfer and your diamond could scratch other metals. “Store at room temperature and avoid storing in direct sunlight. “Always put your jewellery on last when getting dressed. That includes putting on aftershave, perfume, hair products or make-up beforehand, as they can all damage it.”  It’s best to get your ring cleaned professionally, but you should clean it gently at home every so often too. The experts warned: “Do not use abrasive materials when cleaning your jewellery, harsh materials could easily lead to scratching or damaging the item. “You should also use gentle pressure rather than forcefully cleaning as this could lead to further damage.” When it comes to diamonds, get a small bowl of warm water and mix with any mild liquid detergent. Brush your jewellery gently with a small soft brush and be careful not to scratch the metal and diamond. Then, rinse thoroughly under water and pat dry with a soft lint-free cloth. Finally, use a quick dip liquid jewellery cleaner to keep your diamond jewellery shiny. To clean the gold or silver metal band, all you need is soapy water and an old toothbrush.Brush gently and then rinse in cool water and dry with a soft, lint-free cloth. If you’ve got silver jewellery, try using a silver cloth. 