EastEnders villain Gray (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) is now lying in hospital in a terrible condition following a confrontation with Kheerat (Jaz Deol). Kheerat has since fled after Chelsea (Zaraah Abrahams) refused to believe he was acting in self-defence and reported him. If Whitney (Shona McGarty) continues to try to get Chelsea to speak out, it's possible she will drive Chelsea away. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Alan Collins, partner and specialist in the abuse team at Hugh James Solicitors, as well as Liza Gatrell, a Senior Solicitor at Stowe Family Law, who talked about how Chelsea might respond to pressure from her friends. Could she end up putting herself in more danger by running away with the baby? Whitney and Kheerat have spent the last few weeks trying to convince Chelsea to leave Gray. Ever the manipulator, Gray ended up coercing Chelsea to listen to him and forced her to isolate herself from friends and family. Talking about the best ways to handle a situation in which a family member or friend is being abused, Liza explained: "The reality is that unless someone is ready to admit the abuse and get help or remove themself from the situation, there is little that you can do to resolve it for them. "I do not believe that it is ever a good idea for friends or family members to confront the abuser. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch "Supporting someone in an abusive situation means putting their needs above your desire to play the hero." Kheerat certainly had other motives in helping Chelsea. He had been in love with Gray's first wife, Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). Because he feels guilt about her death, he is trying to compensate by making sure Chelsea doesn't meet the same fate. Liza continued: "Witnessing your friend or family suffer at the hands of a perpetrator is very difficult. "It is understandable to find this situation frustrating, and want to help your friend. "If possible, find time to talk to your friend privately, and one-on-one. "But be careful not to try and force your opinions on your friend because you may push them away." DON'T MISS... University Challenge viewers distracted by contestant's appearance [REACTION]EastEnders horror as Tommy Moon claims first murder victim? [SPOILER]The Chase viewers 'gutted' as Anne Hegerty steals £80k solo win [LATEST] The expert warned: "Domestic abuse often relies on isolating the victim, and the abuser will often try to weaken connections with family and friends. "They do this to prevent the victim from recognising the behaviour is abuse. "It is common for a victim’s self-esteem to be very low as the abuser will make them think it is their fault. "This leads to a lack- of confidence and strength to leave.  "You need to let them know that you are ready to listen when they are prepared to talk." Alan said being there to listen is the best approach for a victim in denial. He explained: "The best way is to be there for them. Listen and support but do not coerce." Without meaning to, Whitney and Kheerat's actions may have driven Chelsea further away from the reality she is trying not to face. In an effort to get away from it all, could she decide to run away without warning? EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.