Gary Neville believes David de Gea leading the saves rankings in the Premier League this season reflects poorly on Manchester United. The Red Devils' defence has come under scrutiny throughout the current campaign, in which De Gea has comfortably been a stand-out player. De Gea was arguably somewhat culpable for Rodrigo's fortunate cross-goal as United beat Leeds United 4-2 at Elland Road on Sunday. But the 31-year-old made four saves to maintain his status as the league's busiest goalkeeper this term, with his opposite number, Illan Meslier, second in the rankings. De Gea has made 96 saves in the top-flight this season, 11 more than Meslier, and is currently plenty of supporters' choice to pick up a record-extending fifth United Player of the Year award. But only Southampton (37) have conceded more than the Old Trafford club (34) amongst those in the Premier League top half this term, and clean sheets are a rarity. JUST IN: Man City manager Pep Guardiola makes 'difficult' Liverpool comment After full-time at Leeds, Neville suggested United's vulnerabilities were on show in West Yorkshire at the weekend. And the Premier League-winning defender believes his former club are currently too easy to play against. He told the Gary Neville Podcast: "Manchester United do have vulnerabilities. David De Gea has made 92 saves [before Leeds], which is the most in the Premier League, with Illan Meslier, the Leeds goalkeeper, second. "It is not a good reflection on these teams. Manchester United have got to become more difficult to play against." READ MORE: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale In their next five games, United face Atletico Madrid twice in the Champions League last 16, and Watford, Manchester City, Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool in the Premier League. And Neville feels they must snuff out 'mad moments' that won't go unpunished against higher quality opposition in the period ahead. He continued: "They have got to stop those mad moments, those five-minute periods where they concede two goals. "Because if you concede two against City, Liverpool or Atletico, you are out of the game. I think this [the game against Leeds] is a warning sign." De Gea has been back to his best at times this term, and his form has left Dean Henderson's future up in the air. The Spaniard is a fan favourite at Old Trafford, and his current contract keeps him at United until at least 2023. There is a selection of supporters who want to see Henderson replace him between the sticks as the importance of goalkeepers with sweeping and distribution abilities grows in the modern game. But as long as De Gea continues making spell-bounding saves, it's unlikely Ralf Rangnick or whoever is in charge next season will be keen to replace him. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.