By order of the Peaky Blinders, the final season of Steven Knight’s period crime drama is upon us. The fifth series ended well over two years ago, with fans anxiously waiting for a new batch of episodes. Tommy Shelby and Co return to our screens tonight as they continue to transform their local Birmingham business into a global empire. Mr Knight, the show’s mastermind, revealed that while there was no actual model for Tommy Shelby, there was for his gang. Speaking in 2016, he said: “My parents, particularly my dad, had these tantalising memories from when he was nine or ten years old of these people. “They were incredibly well dressed, they were incredibly powerful, they had a lot of money in an area where no one had money and… they were gangsters.” Yet the real Peaky Blinders existed much earlier than that. The gang were first referenced in reports in the late 19th Century, and disappeared before World War 1, but their unsavoury reputation lives on to this very day. Legend has it that the Peaky Blinders’ name derives from gang members stitching razor blades into the peak of their flat caps — part of the distinguishable dress sense. They could then use their hats to slash the foreheads of their enemies in fights, causing blood to pour down into their eyes and temporarily blinding them. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders film confirms two iconic characters after season 6 The gang’s girlfriends also had a uniform of sorts, consisting of pearls, a large fringe and a silk handkerchief that would cover their necks. Yet questions have been raised over the sewn-in razor blades, sparking debate as to whether this was in fact a myth. Professor Carl Chinn, a Birmingham-based historian and author of ‘The Real Peaky Blinders’, told the Birmingham Mail in 2019 that the name likely came from the peaked hats they used to wear. He said: “It’s really interesting to look back at the mythologised version of the story and the reality. “There was no real Tommy Shelby and the Peaky Blinders were around in the 1890s and yet the series is set in the 1920s. “As for the razor blades? They were only beginning to come in from the 1890s and were a luxury item, much too expensive for the Peaky Blinders to have used. “And any hard man would tell you it would be very difficult to get direction and power with a razor blade sewn into the soft part of a cap. “It was a romantic notion brought about in John Douglas’s novel A Walk Down Summer Lane.” ‘Blinder’ is a familiar Birmingham slang term still used today to describe someone or something exceptionally well dressed. The original Peaky Blinders were known for their violence, not only on rival gangs and police officers, but also on innocent civilians too. DON'T MISS:Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders film release date: Everything you need to know [UPDATE]Peaky Blinders: Lizzie Shelby actress teases emotional final scenes [QUOTES] Gang wars frequently erupted in Birmingham, with the Blinders more focused on street fighting, robbery and racketeering as opposed to organised crime, according to historian Heather Shor from the University of Leeds. Prof Chinn’s findings revealed the Peaky Blinders held control of Birmingham and its surrounding districts until around 1910 when when a larger gang overtook them called the Brummagem Boys The Brummagem Boys were described by Prof Chinn as a “loose collection of pick-pockets, racecourse thieves and pests who were gaining a lot of power”. By the Twenties, a group called The Birmingham Gang had emerged — with several former Brummagem Boys as members. They established a terrifying reputation as one of the country’s most notorious gangs under the guise of Billy Kimber, a character in the show’s first season. Though the Peaky Blinders themselves disappeared more than 100 years ago, their name became a generic term to describe violent youth. Historians have been divided over the show, and whether bringing characters from other decades into a story set in the 1920s undermines its historical accuracy claims. However, Mr Knight maintained that he wanted his show to be larger than life rather than true to it as the first series premiered. Speaking to the BBC in 2013, he said: “In a way, I want Peaky Blinders to be [seen] through the eyes of a ten-year-old because the men are smarter and stronger and handsomer and the horses are bigger and everything is big and intimidating as a kid.” Though the show is not meant to be historically accurate, Mr Knight did want to address the issue of the psychological damage war wrought on young men. He said: “One of the wider issues that I wanted to point out was that all of these men had returned from the First World War where they had been instructed to carry out mass murder every day on an unprecedented industrial scale. “They’ve returned very damaged and they are violent as a result of their experiences so you have that very interesting dynamic of men returning from the front line and finding they cannot live an ordinary life.” Peaky Blinders returns tonight at 9pm on BBC One.