Russia's President Vladimir Putin took to the airwaves at 3am UK time to announce he had ordered the start of a "special operation" into Ukraine on Thursday. Explosions could be heard within minutes of the announcements, and over a dozen people have been reported dead in shelling and missile attacks. Footage has now emerged appearing to show two planes engaging in a chase over the skies of Ukraine's capital, Kiev. According to eyewitnesses near Kiev, a Ukrainian MiG-29 was spotted taking on a Russian Su-35 in the area around the capital. Defense analyst Guy Plipsky said on Twitter: "Video showing what appears to be a pair of UAF MiG-29s, one of which zooms past the camera at tree-top level, reportedly in the Kyiv area. "Note the dark smoke trial - it is not due to damage; the #MiG29's RD-33 turbofans are notorious for being smokey." Military historian Cedric Mas said: "Ukraine - impressive and rare images of a fight at low altitude between a Ukrainian MiG-29 and a Russian Su-35. It's Kiev." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Ukrainian troops fought Russian forces along practically the entire border, and fierce fighting was taking place in the regions of Sumy, Kharkiv, Kherson, Odessa and at a military airport near Kyiv, an adviser to the presidential office said. Explosions were heard before dawn and throughout the morning in the capital Kyiv, a city of 3 million people. Gunfire rattled, sirens blared, and the highway out of the city choked with traffic as residents fled. The assault brought a calamitous end to weeks of fruitless diplomatic efforts by Western leaders to avert war, their worst fears about Russian President Vladimir Putin's ambitions realised. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said: "Russia treacherously attacked our state in the morning, as Nazi Germany did in the WW2 years." READ MORE: Nato's fault! Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack In a televised address, Mr Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to "consequences they have never seen". He said Russia does not intend to occupy Ukraine, and claimed responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime". Explosions could be heard in Kyiv moments later, while blasts were also reported in the cities of Odesa and Kharkiv. Elsewhere, footage appeared to show queues of people fleeing their homes, and Russian military crossing the border into Ukraine. A Ministry of Defence intelligence update at around 12.30pm said there had been more than 80 strikes at Ukrainian targets. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] They added that ground forces were advancing across the border from at least three points including from the previously annexed Crimea. Boris Johnson vowed the UK "cannot and will not just look away" as Vladimir Putin seeks to extend his clutches into Ukraine. In a statement following an emergency COBRA meeting following the invasion, Mr Joihnson said: "This act of wanton and reckless aggression is an attack not just on Ukraine, it's an attack on democracy and freedom in eastern Europe and around the world." He added: "Innumerable missiles and bombs have been raining down on an entirely innocent population. "A vast invasion is underway by land, by sea, and by air. "We, and the world, cannot allow that freedom just to be snuffed out. We cannot and will not just look away.