Bitter winds driven by a weather front crossing Britain are about to sweep in from the Arctic. Scotland, and northern and central England are on alert for snow through the coming days as temperatures plunge below freezing. The wind threatens to switch direction ahead of next weekend kick-starting spring with a bone-chilling north-northeasterly blast. Icy gusts from the Polar regions are likely to push ‘feel-like’ temperatures in parts of the country to -10C. John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “A welcome area of high pressure builds more wholeheartedly across us, and the beginning of the new month looks much drier and quieter. “Later in the week, there’s a chance that a feed of air from between north and east will begin to bring lower temperatures more generally.” A spell of unsettled weather will "plague" parts of the country through the next 48 hours before temperatures dip, he said. He added: “Further wet and windy weather will continue to plague the far northwest this weekend. “The rain will topple down into other areas by the start of the new week.” Tonight’s weather front will also unleash further outbreaks of wind and rain tonight and tomorrow bringing a "messy" start to the week. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “A frontal system moves into the country later on Sunday bringing some activity and a messy day on Monday. “This front will affect most places, so we expect a wet and windy start to the week. “Thereafter, it is more of a stop-start picture, with dips in temperature and some more unsettled activity later in the week.” Meteorologists have their eyes pinned on temperature changes in the atmosphere signalling a possible stratospheric warming. A warming stratosphere is linked to a collapse of the Polar Vortex–the body of air circling the North Pole. This brings cold air below Polar regions to northern Europe which with a Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW), drove the 2018 Beast from the East. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Experts are unsure, however, whether temperature rises will be rapid enough to trigger SSW or impact Britain’s weather. Meteorologist Marco Petagna said: “Something interesting may soon happen to the stratospheric polar vortex. “Whilst [it’s] not necessarily expected to have surface impacts, GFS [weather model] continues to show stratospheric warming over North Pole from March 2.” James Peacock, head meteorologist at Metswift, added: “Starting later this week, the Polar Vortex will be hit by the strongest stratospheric warming of the winter so far. “This looks set to displace it toward eastern Europe and west Asia. “What a beast of a vortex.” SSW happens when air over the North Pole warms and compresses rapidly as was the trigger for 2018’s Beast from the East. While halting mild westerly winds reaching Britain, it opens the floodgates to freezing easterlies. SSW was responsible for a historic freeze during the start of spring 2018 when temperatures plummeted nationwide leaving swathes of Britain under mountains of snow. Bookies have slashed the odds on plummeting temperatures with Coral offering 2-1 from 5-1 on a record cold March. Spokesman Harry Aitkenhead said: “Temperatures are not going to soar anytime soon, despite spring being just around the corner, and we have now slashed the odds on next month going into the record books as the coldest March we have ever endured.”