The Valencian Government recently introduced 24 restrictions and a few could impact British expats. The popular tourist area of Spain includes the resorts in Alicante. Out of the 24 restrictions, seven acts are considered minor and will incur a fine of 750 euros (£627). British tourists should avoid being shirtless outside of beaches, promenades and swimming pools in Alicante. Topless Britons in public areas such as in the town or street could be fined £627 under the new restrictions. This rule might be a shock to some Britons who are used to walking around without a shirt in hot weather. READ MORE: Tourist tax: Popular destinations Britons will have to pay to visit In the UK, it is legal to be topless in public as long as the person is not causing any distress or alarm to others. People can also be fined in Alicante for making ‘unnecessary’ noise with a vehicle or listening to music above the permitted level. Obstructing road traffic or practising acrobatics or stunts on a bike, skateboard or roller skates is likely to incur a fine. British expats will also need to be careful not to play ball games in public spaces to avoid a fine. Camping in public spaces can also cause tourists to be fined in Alicante. British tourists are recommended to check for authorised areas before setting up. More serious offences in Alicante will incur a fine of up to 1,500 euros (£1,254) and include laws on graffiti and vandalism. Skateboarders will need to be particularly careful not to use any benches or pedestrian areas to perform tricks. Vandalism, tampering with public litter bins or street harassment is also liable for a fine of £1,254. The most serious offences could incur a hefty fine of up to 3,000 euros (£2,507) in Alicante. These include graffiting monuments, playing games in public spaces, disrupting neighbours or carrying out an act of vandalism. As well as these restrictions, Alicante Council controversially banned prostitution and organised begging. The Civil Coexistence Order was introduced last month but attracted strong criticism from people that said it targeted vulnerable people. Some of Spain’s more unusual laws include a ban on playing paddle tennis on the beach in Malaga during the summer. Residents in Seville are forbidden from playing dominoes outside as it could disrupt other people. Seville’s residents are also forbidden from hanging underwear in the street or shaking a rug out to dry. In the town of Villanueva de la Torre in Guadalajara, leaving a mop on a balcony could incur a hefty fine.