Tilly Ramsay’s Strictly Come Dancing partner, Nikita Kuzmin, 24, shared images of the pair with his 113,000 followers yesterday. These sweet snaps were taken at The O2 in London on the last date of the Strictly Come Dancing Live UK tour. Nikita Kuzmin captioned the images: “One week since the last dance with this phenomenal human.” Gordon Ramsay's 20-year-old daughter replied by commenting: “Missing you and dancing with you already,” followed by a sad face emoji and a white heart symbol. Fans were delighted. @debbiebooth5832 commented: “Wish you guys were a couple.” READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with crucial message to 'spend time with family'  Former Strictly contestant Max George also commented: “Beauts,” followed by a red heart symbol. Talking about the Strictly Come Dancing Live tour, Tilly said in a statement: “Taking part in Strictly over the last 10 weeks was the best! “A life-changing experience where I learnt to dance and made friends for life. “I’m so excited to now have the opportunity to be a part of the Strictly tour. I’m going to take all the fun from the TV studio to the venues around the country and I can’t wait to dance with a real live audience!” Napping in a car after a trip to Spring Lakes, Tilly and Nikita were seen looking cosy together recently. In the picture, posted by professional dancer Neil Jones, Tilly is seen snuggled up with Nikita on the drive back from the leisure centre. They were wrapped up warm after swimming in the cold lake. The post was captioned: “Too much for these two." DON’T MISS: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [LATEST]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [WATCH] Nikita had also posted short video clips of the two of them together, when they were rehearsing for the live shows. In the Strictly star’s post, the pair can be seen filming a selfie, as Tilly hugs her professional dance partner and declares: “I’m not letting go.” The chef and social media star attended a makeup launch party with her mum, Tana Ramsay, 47, last Friday. It was at the event that Tilly reunited with Strictly's Kai Widdrington after having to say their goodbyes once the Strictly tour was over. Tilly shared a selfie of the pair on her Instagram story, along with the message: "Back with bae @KaiWidd." The Strictly tour began on January 20 at the Utilita Arena in Birmingham. It ended on February 13 at the O2 Arena in London.