On Wednesday morning, Foreign Secretary David Lammy joined Good Morning Britain hosts Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid to discuss the ongoing feud between Russia and Ukraine and the roles that the US and the UK are now playing. Earlier this week, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his military to enter southeast Ukraine under the pretences of "peacekeeping duties" - meaning that Russia will formally occupy sovereign Ukrainian territory for a second time following the 2014 annexation of Crimea. A document signed by Putin on Monday also allows him to establish military bases or place missiles in the territories. On Tuesday, US President Joe Biden announced the first wave of sanctions against Russia and told reporters that Russian troops are being ordered to eastern Ukraine after Mr Putin recognised the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk marked the "beginning of an invasion". However, when discussing the issue on Wednesday's GMB, Madeley sparked backlash on Twitter after comparing Putin to Hitler when talking about his attitudes. During the discussion with David Lammy, Madeley stated and asked: "Obviously, you are talking about Hitler, and we know that Hitler was unbalanced. "Do you think that Putin is unbalanced now?" Lammy replied: "I think it is very hard for us to make that assessment, he is not appearing as a rational actor, and it is clear that he has been very isolated during this pandemic period. "It also feels like his own advisors, members of the Kremlin are acting as more of an echo chamber than giving him quality, hard and fast serious assessment of what he faces in the international community." READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life Commenting on Madeley's comparison of Putin and Hitler, many took to Twitter to disagree with what he said. Paul Nash said: "@gmb @richardm56 #Hitler didn't invade #Poland because he was 'unbalanced' - read your history, for God's sake." @Jim40379451 commented: "@GMB, will someone please tell Richard to stop trying to compare Putin to Hitler, it is a totally different scenario. Putin wants Ukraine, Hitler wanted the world, and Putin isn’t going after religions, so stop it." Lisa Lee fumed: "Hitler wasn’t unbalanced he was unhinged! #gmb." Laura Lavender added: "Richard Madeley 'We know Hitler was unbalanced, do you think Putin is unbalanced?' What a bizarre question to @DavidLammy." @Putu117_putu1 wrote: "Hitler was unbalanced, Madeley, Hitler was a psychopathic madman!!! #GMB." Whilst Liam T exclaimed: "Putin 'ready for diplomacy' is like saying Kate and gerrymandering McCann are parents of the year. Don't make me laugh. #GMB." (sic) Earlier during the show, Susanna Reid revealed breaking news that President Putin said that Moscow is still ready to look for "diplomatic solutions". DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [WATCH]Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen? [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST] She said: "In the last half an hour we have just had this video address from Vladimir Putin and people will be wondering if when he says, 'Yes, we're still ready for diplomatic solutions' is that a genuine offer of talks or is that a smokescreen behind which he will carry on?" Handing over to their Moscow correspondent Giles Gibson, he said: "Well, Susanna, it certainly is just a tiny little window, isn't it for some sort of diplomatic talks. "As we have been hearing, the US, the UK and their western allies are trying to tighten the screw on the Russian economy. "But we have heard from Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov saying that Russia was expecting these types of sanctions, that they are used to being threatened with sanctions. "That is really a reference to this strategy that Russia has put into play in the last few years or so, it is known as Fortress Russia, the country has basically been building up its cash reserves. "It is trying to insulate its economy from this type of coordinated action by the west, as you were mentioning, we have been hearing from Vladimir Putin just in the last few minutes. "A video to address a public holiday in Russia saying that Russia is open to diplomatic solutions, but Russian interests are non-negotiable. "Also here in Moscow on Tuesday, we had the Russian parliament unanimously approving President Putin's decision to send Russian troops into these two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine," he explained. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.