Manchester United star Anthony Elanga doesn’t have ‘freakish talent’ despite his heroics against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. That’s according to Michael Owen, who has given a rather harsh verdict on the youngster. The 22-year-old was the hero for his side on Wednesday night, netting in their 1-1 Champions League draw with Atletico Madrid. Manchester United, for the most part, were lacklustre against Atletico. They looked to be heading to defeat after Joao Felix’s early goal, with the Portugal international netting in the seventh minute. Yet Elanga struck in the closing stages to earn his side a draw, boosting their chances of making the knockout stages in the process. After the match, many hailed the young Swede - who has now found the net three times this term. And while Owen believes the 22-year-old has big potential, he does feel as though the player lacks ‘freakish talent’ that would make him stand out at other clubs. “He’s made the difference when he’s come on,” he stated on BT Sport. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “If I saw him play for any other team I’d say, ‘this kid’s got something, he’s going to be a good player.’ “When I see them coming through at Manchester United I’m thinking they have to be special special, they have to be world-class - is Elanga and players like that going to take you to the league title? Win the Champions League? “Are they like Ryan Giggs coming through? Are they like Wayne Rooney coming through? “And, he’s a very, very good player but if I’m being brutally honest I think he’ll have a fantastic career but he’ll do very, very well to be a Ryan Giggs, a Wayne Rooney. “I know that’s comparing something but that’s what Manchester United are. “If you’re not one of the best players - well, that’s what they’re aspiring to be - so if you haven’t got that absolute freakish talent, you’re not really going to be right. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “We just spoke about Marcus Rashford, is he really - he’s a phenomenal player, an England player, he’s got to find another level otherwise Manchester United, because at the minute playing like they’re playing they’re not going to win the Champions League and they’re not going to win the league, they need to be at the next level.” Rio Ferdinand then defended Elanga, insisting his character is what sets him apart. “What he [Elanga] brings is an energy, a desire, fearlessness,” said Ferdinand. “There’s not enough in this Man United team at times. “I think to expect to have a young player come through like a Rooney or a Ryan Giggs is blue-sky thinking, that’s like generational-type stuff. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I think Man United aren’t in that place now. “They need sound characters, sound people, honest, hard-working players who you can build around.” United boss Ralf Rangnick was delighted with Elanga’s contribution after the game, insisting he wants more of his squad members to learn from the 22-year-old. “He is playing as though it is a dream come true, it is a joy and fun to watch him play, I wish a few other players would take him as an example and as a role model,” he said. “Football is an important sport, even more so for the supporters, and it is a ball game. This is what I wish us to do especially in the second leg. "To start with, we could do with him (Victor Lindelof) in aerial duels, set-pieces, free-kicks for and against us. “All three centre-halves were in good shape, but after seven minutes we were 1-0 down the plan was in the dustbin. “I knew this was not his best position, when we had Aaron Wan-Bissaka on the ball and Alex Telles, we had more possession and more assistance from the wings. In the end, due to the early goal it was difficult. "In the second half we showed in quite a few moments how we have to play. “It will be different at home in front of 75,000 fans and more conviction than we did in the first half."