Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis has divided his fans with a plea to read up on the "huge changes" happening around student finance, claiming it is "getting little airtime" due to the news about Russia invading Ukraine this morning. Taking to Twitter, the This Morning star, 49, responded after social media users branded the student loan changes as "not the most important thing today" in light of the war update. In view of his 1.3 million followers, the Good Morning Britain star asked his fans to spread the news of the proposed changes around student loans. Martin wrote: "Please help. "The news on Ukraine today, understandably means this student finance news is getting little airtime. "Yet it is crucial young people and their parents understand these huge changes," he ended his post, before urging his followers to share the link. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years He also shared a tweet from the early hours of this morning. It read: "NEWS: The govt has announced huge changes to student finance for new 2023 starters in England including extending the repayment to 40yrs which will mean most still repaying into their 60s. "My full analysis (Inc for those with existing loans)..." he finished, alongside a link. The government's proposal will increase the cost of education for those attending university by lowering the repayment threshold and increasing the length of time a graduate can repay the loan. However, the timing of his post proved to be contentious amongst his social media following Twitter user @craftyexpat wrote: "With all due respect Martin, there’s a war in Europe. "While student finance is of course important, it might not be the most important thing today." Martin responded: "I'm pretty sure I acknowledged that in the post. DON'T MISS... Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [ANALYSIS] "Yet not being the most important doesn't mean it shouldn't be heard." Twitter user @M4rkland also hit back at the comment, writing: "This take is ridiculous. Life has to go on regardless. Do you expect everything to stop?" Agreeing with @craftyexpat, @efcjoee_ quipped: "bro there is a literal war about to start." (sic) @BiscussanGravy added sarcastically: ""So, um.. people are dying en mass and—um.. I just wanted to make sure that me-me get college moneyy NOW pweease." (sic) "I get this, this is a serious cause, but really dude. "Be self aware for 5 seconds and give today to Ukraine. "They are getting bombed. Deaths over 1k counting. Please," they finished their tweet. But Twitter user @FierceVinegar disagreed, penning: "This is more important than Ukraine, everyone knows about Ukraine."