   Former Strictly Come Dancing star Brendan Cole has faced criticism on Twitter after he posted about his controversial views on vaccination against COVID-19. The star is currently a favourite to win on the ITV show Dancing On Ice.      Brendan, 45, took to Twitter on 16 December 2021 to share his controversial Instagram post with his 187,400 followers. The dancer shared a picture of a poster for the “Freedom March” that took place on December 18 against vaccine mandates. In the accompanying caption the star wrote: “If you are concerned as I am about government mandates, use your voice. “Whether you wish to be vaccinated or not, it must be your choice and we must respect other people’s right to their choice. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement     “Peaceful protest is seldom covered by the media but it must not stop people in their quest for what they believe to be right! “Together we can peacefully demonstrate what we believe is right for our own body,” he continued. Brendan wrote: “It is a slippery slope when the government can dictate and mandate what we do to our own body or make it impossible for people to exist if they don’t conform to their mandates. “Change the word vaccine to anything else and you should have your answer. Does another human have the right to force you into doing something to your body?      “The answer should be unequivocally no. If you wish to have the vaccine, stand proud and have it but as human beings we should respect others who have a different stance for whatever reason. “For the people that read this and call me various names for supporting a right to choose, please remember I do not have the right to tell you what to do to your body, nor should anyone else. “Try to be kind and remember that I am not saying we shouldn’t get the vaccine, I am saying that we should have the right to chose and that I don’t support government mandates. “It’s a slippery slope for this moment in time and for our children’s futures. READ MORE... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST] Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [NEWS] John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS]      “By the way, there is a tube strike planned to coincide with this march for freedom (surprise),” he added with the hashtag “#uniteforfreedom”. This post prompted a sceptical response from his Twitter followers, with Tom Gosling replying: “Can I respectfully ask how wearing a face covering and testing before going to the theatre inhibits your freedom?” Rose then added to the thread: “It doesn’t. But not doing those things could mean our already struggling NHS being overwhelmed.” At this point another user GeezerDel simply responded “could” to Rose, which sparked a lengthy debate in the thread below Brendan’s post.     After a number of arguments were thrown back and forth, Rose concluded her argument with: “That's it from me. Poor Brendan. (laughing emoji) I still love you Brendan (wink emoji)”. In response to Tom and Rosie around a month later on Jan 10, 2022, Brendan penned: “No need to say ‘poor Brendan’! I don’t wish to be a part of your conversation nor do I expect you to do anything to your body or change your life to suit mine. “I’m not in fear for my life. I’m in fear of a world where governments can mandate something on people against their will.” In response to the sudden reopening of the conversation, Rose simply tweeted: “You misunderstand Brendan. I meant ’poor Brendan’ having to put up with all my tweets.” Dancing On Ice returns tonight at 6:30pm on ITV.   