If you haven’t pruned your apple tree yet this winter - your time is running out to guarantee a glorious crop of apples. Your apple tree needs winter pruning to improve its health so it can direct all its energy into growing tasty apples when the weather warms up. This is your guide to pruning an apple tree.  If you want a crop of delicious apples this year, you’re almost out of time to prune your apple trees for the best chance at a tasty haul. Pruning your tree at the end of summer helps the harvest, but pruning your tree in the winter will also benefit your tree’s overall health while stimulating root growth. Over the winter - between November and March, or in tree terms between leaf fall and bud burst - your apple tree is dormant. If you haven’t pruned your apple tree yet this winter, you only have a couple of weeks to prune it before spring arrives and your tree starts to awake again.  READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid In terms of equipment, you’re going to need:  Make sure all your equipment is sharp - blunt tools can strain your branches and make the tree look untidy, even after pruning. Start by removing any branches that look diseased, damaged or dead. Continue pruning away, removing crossed branches and any particularly weak or spindly ones. DONT' MISS:Lawn tips: How to repair a waterlogged lawn in three steps [UPDATE]Cleaning decking - How to get your decking spring-ready in 3 steps [INSIGHT]When to prune hydrangeas - Best time to cut back hydrangea [TIPS]  Thinning out the tree in this way will improve both air circulation and appearance. Next, tackle the branches with good growth from the previous year. On these branches, you just want to shorten them by around a third, leaving a bud pointing in the direction of the tip to encourage growth in that direction. Leave young side-shoots alone, as these will bear fruit in years to come.  This should be all your tree needs to prepare it for a strong growing season in spring and summer 2022. However while you’re pruning, you should take the opportunity to check your tree’s health. At this time of year, the main thing to look out for is apple canker - a fungal disease affecting the bark of your tree. If you spot signs of apple canker, your best bet is to get rid of the infected area entirely. 