Interior designer Lisa Bradburn has shared some of her interior tips, tricks and inspiration exclusively with Express.co.uk. Lisa, who is an award-winning Sussex based interior designer who offers a fresh approach to country style, shared which interior trends homeowners should avoid when renovating their kitchens, even if they’re popular. The interior designer, who has a particular interest in country interiors, shared how popular trends “can put buyers off”. Lisa has noted a few kitchen interior trends homeowners should avoid, especially for those who are looking to put their property on the market anytime soon. While homeowners are turning to Instagram to find trendy design features that could increase the value of their property in the market, some “on-trend” home improvements are more likely to put potential buyers off. Lisa explained the importance of making a kitchen open plan for those who have children. She said: “If you have very young children, make the kitchen fully open plan. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ “Open plan living has many advantages but loud TVs and the paraphernalia of toys can make the space feel quite stressful. “If you have space, consider a room where that can all be hidden away.” An open plan space also allows for entertaining more people and greater accessibility. The interior expert shared how following popular colour trends can end up putting buyers off of a property. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] Lisa advised against: “Following specific colour trends simply because they are in fashion, such as the trend for dark blue kitchens.” Interior inspiration is all over social media, but some Instagram and TikTok trends can do more harm than good, with some even making a property harder to sell. Lisa added: “The abundance of social media such as instagram means far more people are following these trends than they used to. “People are always looking for the next trend and if a trend feels too popular it can put a buyer off.” For those with a family, minimalist kitchens can seem like the worst trend possible. These types of kitchens do not allow for practical use and storage space. Lisa explained: “Minimal kitchens don’t actually offer the storage their family needs. “So kitchens that look attractive and clean to the eye don’t actually work for modern family life.”  Lisa also noted how it is best to avoid installing work surfaces that are made out of granite or marble. Although very visually appealing at first, potential homeowners may see this as a downfall as it will be expensive to replace. The expert said: “Buyers see these as expensive items to replace when compared to repainting the cabinets.” It could be worth fitting a work surface with a marble or granite alternative which will be so much cheaper in the long run and could potentially help to sell a property faster.