Since hitting cinemas last Christmas, Spider-Man: No Way Home has stormed the box office and now currently stands as the sixth highest-grossing movie of all time with over $1.8 billion made worldwide. Having dominated movie theatres around the world, the biggest Sony movie ever will now soon be available to buy at home. The studio made the announcement today with a hilarious picture of Tom Holland, Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield’s Peter Parkers. Sony Pictures shared an image of their Spider-Man trio standing pointing at each other, referencing a famous cartoon meme. The captioned post read: “Of course, we got THE meme. #SpiderManNoWayHome swings home on Digital 22 March and on 4K UHD & Blu-ray on 4 April!” The studio also promised: “Get more Spidey, more villains, and more fun with over 80 minutes of new and behind the scenes content!” The new trailer also confirmed that this includes 20 minutes more of Maguire and Garfield, hidden Easter eggs and hilarious outtakes and bloopers from the set. Appearing in the trailer, Holland said: “To work with them is honestly the highlight of my career.” Garfield added: “Me and Tobey arrived and all of their arms were just open.” And Marvel boss Kevin Feige admitted: “I had butterflies with Tobey and Andrew, hoping they would sign up.” But what about Disney+? Will Spider-Man: No Way Home end up with the other MCU movies on the streaming service? Currently, none of the Holland Spider-Man movies are available to stream on Disney+ since they are Sony movies. However, the two studios made a deal that in the US, all future Sony Pictures releases from 2022 to 2026 will end up on the streaming service after a period on Netflix. This includes previously released Spider-Man movies. Spider-Man: No Way Home hit cinemas in December 2021 so missed out on this contract and will spend around 18 months on Starz in the US following its home release. But after that period, the movie is likely to end up on Disney+ from mid-2023 at the earliest. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2 ‘features Wolverine not played by Hugh Jackman’ [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Thor Love and Thunder NEW LOOK plus Peter Dinklage teases Eitri return [THOR 4]Spider-Man: ‘I was furious!’ Tom Holland's jealousy of Andrew Garfield [ANDREW GARFIELD] As for outside the US, it’s still unclear, which means the UK could see Spider-Man No Way Home landing on Netflix or BBC iPlayer before Disney+. Nevertheless, we wouldn’t be surprised if all Sony Spider-Man movies and spin-offs eventually find their way home to the House of Mouse’s streaming service. Spider-Man: No Way Home is released to buy on digital download from March 22 and on 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray from April 4. All can be pre-ordered now.