Brighton stars Robert Sanchez and Shane Duffy were apparently involved in a furious tunnel row during their side’s 3-0 home loss to Burnley on Saturday – and the altercation caused damage to a wall at the American Express Community Stadium. Burnley arrived on the south coast marooned to the bottom of the Premier League table and desperate for three points. The visitors started well and rattled the Seagulls as Connor Roberts thrashed an effort against the crossbar early on. And Sean Dyche’s side took the lead midway through the first half as January signing Wout Weghorst fired in after Roberts had pulled the ball back to him. The Clarets shelled out £12million to sign the Netherlands international from Wolfsburg - and he rewarded his new side as he opened his account in style. Weghorst then turned provider as he got the better of Duffy to bring the ball down, before teeing-up Josh Brownhill, who cut onto his left foot and slotted the ball through Sanchez’s legs with the aid of a fortunate deflection. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  Things were clearly not going well for Brighton and tensions reached boiling point after Sanchez and Duffy came to blows before half time. The duo had both tried to deal with a cross into the box, with Sanchez clattering the defender as he punched the ball clear. The goalkeeper, seemingly unimpressed with his team-mate’s endeavours, gestured to Duffy that he needed to switch on. Duffy retaliated by shoving Sanchez in the chest in front of the stunned crowd in west Sussex. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message    And, according to the Daily Mail, the quarrel continued into the tunnel as the teams left the pitch for the half time interval. The pair exchanged words and had to be separated after some pushing and shoving, with the wall suffering the effects of the to-do. The two players were later seen with their arms around each other and exchanging a high-five - but they were unable to help their side turn the tide in the second period. And Aaron Lennon struck a third goal for Burnley with just over 20 minutes of the match remaining as the Clarets moved up to 19th.   Following the game, Brighton boss Graeme Potter was quick to play down the incident and insisted there would be no fallout from the incident. “That sums up the frustration and sums up the disappointment,” Potter said. “They are human beings - both of them care a lot and didn't channel it in the best way. “I'm not going to be critical of them - I'm just going to try and help them because I know they were not the best version of themselves in that instance.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 