Married at First Sight Australia is back with season nine and a new lot of singletons hoping to be matched with their one true love. The series has now started airing in the UK on E4, just a few weeks behind the show which started Down Under in January. In a surprise turn of events, an "intruder" bride was welcomed to the cast in the shape of Melbourne florist Jessica Seracino. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.Jessica was a latecomer to season nine, having had her wedding weeks after the others on the show. When she did meet her new husband personal trainer Daniel Holmes at the altar, they appeared to hit it off straight away. He happily told the producers of Jessica's "bluest of eyes" and she that she was "feeling hopeful" as Daniel seemed "chill, very calm and down to Earth". But this wasn't her first wedding on the show as another ceremony had already been filmed with a different groom. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Jessica was initially matched up with miner Simon Blackburn who she did walk down the aisle to. However, she said she noticed several "red flags" during the ceremony and asked her friends to do some research. Some hate videos were discovered on his social media and Jessica alerted the show's producers. According to the Daily Mail, producers "assured" her that they had no knowledge of Simon's history. As a result, Simon, a divorced father-of-two, left the show but this meant quickly finding a new groom to replace him. It is believed she spent around one month in hotel isolation as the show tried to find someone else for her to marry. The show went on to find Daniel who seemed to have been a good match in the early days of the series. However, as fans Down Under already know, things didn't exactly go according to plan with their relationship either. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? [EXIT]Married At First Sight Australia: Are Selina and Cody still together? [EXPLAINER]Married At First Sight Australia: Are Selin and Anthony together? [CAST] After tying the knot, the cracks started to show as just minutes into their honeymoon, Daniel and Jessica started to clash. She later sat her husband down and told him that it was over and that she was leaving the experiment. Jessica said: "From day dot I felt that extreme disconnection to you. I feel like it started before we even had issues. "This is the perfect time to tell you that I'm leaving. "It clearly isn't working, and I'm not going to fake it and it's never gonna work." It isn't believed Jessica is dating anyone else now having left the show earlier than expected. Meanwhile, her first husband Simon is now in a new relationship with socialite Kate Rutherford. They announced they were together on social media with a TikTok of them kissing. Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues every day on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.