The company has approved hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO) to run on many of their current six-cylinder diesel engines to ensure motorists are not caught out. Audi says the new fuels will make it possible to run combustion engines in a “climate-friendly manner”. They said this was an “effective means” of cleaning up their fleet both in the short term and after the 2030 petrol and diesel car ban. Oliver Hoffmann, Chief Development Officer at Audi said the changes would help “optimise” the firm's “existing portfolio” as well as look to the future. He said: “With our 'Vorsprung 2030' strategy, we're pursuing the clearly defined goal that all new models we launch worldwide as of 2026 will be all-electric only. “In this way, we're making an essential contribution on the road to carbon-neutral mobility." READ MORE: Petrol and diesel 'demonised' as more investment needed for biofuels "At the same time, we're optimising our existing combustion engine portfolio for more efficiency and lower emissions. “One way we're doing this is by creating the requisite technical foundations for the use of sustainable fuels such as HVO." Audi claims the new HVO fuel will offer CO2 reductions of between 70 and 95 percent compared to normal diesel fuel. Audi says another advantage to HVO fuel is its high cetane rating. DON'T MISSPetrol changes could be made after motorsport use of sustainable fuels [INSIGHT]Petrol and diesel cars need 'biofuels' like E10 to achieve net zero [ANALYSIS]E10 fuel attacked as ‘rubbish’ - drivers to return to E5 [COMMENT] This will offer more efficiency and “cleaner combustion” compared to regular diesel. Matthias Schober, head of powertrain development for V-TFSI, TDI and PHEV at Audi said the benefits of this would be “noticeable” to owners. He said: “As the cetane rating of HVO is around 30 percent higher, the combustibility of the engines is enhanced. “The positive effects of this are particularly noticeable when cold starting. “We tested the effects on various components, the performance, and exhaust emissions in specific validation runs before granting approval.” Audi models fitted with V6 diesel engines leaving factories from the middle of February can be topped up with the new HVO fuel. This included new models from the A4, A5, A6, A7, A8, Q7 and Q8 model series. The HVO release for the Q5 model will follow at the beginning of March.