With energy bills set to skyrocket in the coming weeks, Britons are looking for affordable ways to save money on their utility bills. For those who don’t want to turn the temperature down on their thermostats, making a simple change to a home might be a simple solution. Experts at GTSE have ranked six of the most cost-effective and energy-saving home improvements starting at “as little as £3”. Although investing in an energy efficient boiler can be very costly, if it’s something Britons can afford to do to their home it is more than worth doing. Installing an A-rated boiler can save around £315 every year, meaning that a boiler costing £800-£1,000 will have basically paid for itself within just two and a half years. Following on from investing in a quality boiler, it’s then worth ensuring heat loss doesn’t play a huge factor. This can be done by simply installing radiator foils behind your radiators. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould Radiator foils basically work to help keep more heat in the home by reflecting the warmth back in the room, instead of escaping through the walls. The experts said: “This hack can cost as little as £7 and is a super easy change to make to your home for some impressive results. “In fact, studies have shown that using certain types of radiator foils can save you up to £4.02 per radiator, depending on the type of property you have.” It’s important to ensure every part of your home is insulated from the attic to the windows, to the walls, doors, and floors. The experts said: “There are also some easy hacks to help you insulate your home from as little as £3. DON'T MISS:Shower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [TIPS]When to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [INSIGHT]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] “Windows account for a whopping 25 percent of heat loss in homes, so they should be considered as a priority to well-insulate and in turn, keep homes warm through winter. “Beyond opting for double glazing, you can buy window insulation kits for £3 which can help as an easy, simple way to keep more heat inside and those bills down.” Using thick, insulating curtains, and drawing them as soon as the evening comes in, can help keep the heat in, especially for those who have draft coming through their windows. Although not as budget-friendly, these types of curtains can also be picked up for about £50. According to researchers at the University of Salford, drawing the curtains in the evening reduces heat loss by up to 17 percent. Britons can further this by choosing to use electrical tape to secure their curtains to the wall. Although this seems like more of a drastic measure, it can increase heat loss prevention up to 25 percent by preventing cold air from the windows coming around the curtains. Making a home airtight is one of the most important ways of keeping a property toasty warm, it’s also necessary for those who do not have double glazing installed. There are multiple ways to draft proof your home and keep the heat trapped inside. One way includes using spray foam which can act as an air sealant, as well as an insulator. Places to add the foam to are air ducts, doors, windows, your attic, and pipe inlets.Insulation tape is another great way to reinforce airtight windows or make draft ones efficient.  It simply sticks to the frame and expands slightly to fill any spaces.