Having a career break as short as five years can eat away at one’s state pension and dissolve their workplace pension pots. If eligible, Britons could rack up National Insurance Credits instead of contributions or pay class three National Insurance to stop this pension fund decay.  Wealth director at Brewin Dolphin, Carla Morris, told Express.co.uk: “Taking a career break may impact an individual’s national insurance record and affect their entitlement to the full state pension, which is now 35 ‘qualifying years’." She highlighted that Britons can check their estimated state pension amount and National Insurance contributions on the Gov.uk website. Ms Morris shared: “Missing just five years means an individual's state pension would be £153.94 per week – a decrease of £1,334.32 per annum based on the full state pension of £179.60 per week.” However, it’s not just state pension that can take a sharp downturn when someone has a gap in their employment.   Through workplace contributions, a three year break for the average 30-year-old could slash £70,000 from their pot. Ms Morris also noted that according to the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association’s latest figures single Britons need roughly £20,800 per year for a moderate retirement. She shared: “Our analysis shows that if you had a £360,000 pension and started withdrawing £20,800 a year, your pot would last until age 91. “In contrast, if you had a £290,000 pension and withdrew the same amount, your pot would only last until age 85. Unless you made large cutbacks, you’d have a much higher risk of running out of money in retirement.”     Research from Brewin Dolphin revealed that a 25-year-old earning £27,000 before tax and contributing only five percent to their pension pot could find a hefty £360,000 pension at age 67. However, this same individual taking a three year break at the age of 30 and making no contributions during this time would only see a £290,000 pot at age 67. This is all assuming that the pension has an annual investment return of five percent net of charges and before inflation. The research additionally accounts for yearly pay rises of 1.5 percent and intermittent wage increases in case of promotion and career progression.  This three year gap would also result in a five year delay in receiving this pay rises and wage increases as one gets back into the working world. Ms Morris explained: “Given that workplace pension contributions are typically linked to earnings, a lower salary will generally mean less money going into your pension pot.” With this example, if the person only started working at age 25 they would need to work continuously and pay National Insurance contributions until the age of 60 in order to get state pension. This is calculated with the 35 qualifying years needed to receive the full amount.  Having a five year break adds onto this amount, meaning the earliest this person could even think about retiring is 65. Ms Morris noted that career breaks do have potential and positives, enabling one to pursue other interests and spend time with loved ones, but noted: “Unfortunately, it could also wipe tens of thousands of pounds off the future value of your pension pot, potentially jeopardising your chances of a fun-filled, secure future.” Ms Morris explained the options available to Britons in this sticky situation: “One option to consider is to keep paying into a pension during your career break. “Alternatively, you could try to increase your pension contributions once you’ve returned to work. If the same individual increased contributions from five percent to 10 percent at age 40 onwards, then instead of a £290,000 pension pot at age 67, they could be on course for a pot worth around £470,000. This assumes the same five percent annual investment return net of charges and before inflation.”