Several key restrictions will be lifted throughout England and people will be encouraged to return to work as part of Boris Johnson’s “Living with Covid Plan”. Living with Covid and the end of Covid are two entirely different things and no one is suggesting the latter. That’s why Mr Johnson is right to stress the importance of individuals taking responsibility for themselves, which by and large they have done since the start of the pandemic. It is right that free testing should be phased out and equally right that free tests should be made available to the vulnerable and older age groups. There is a balance to be struck. The chair of the British Medical Association and, typically, the Labour Party have cast doubt over this strategy, but they can do so without the burden of having to balance the books after the Government handed out billions of pounds of support in the last two years. The stakes are high but we must trust the British people to “live with Covid” in a responsible manner. Don’t have to look far to see “Living with Covid” in action. The Queen has now succumbed to the virus and is experiencing “mild cold-like symptoms” while lying low in Windsor Castle. But not that low. As ever, she has been thinking about her subjects and has found time to send messages of congratulations to the women’s and men’s curling teams who won medals at the Winter Olympics and is continuing with light duties. Pictures of the 95-year-old monarch last week showed her looking frail ‑ and she clearly has been deeply worried about Prince Andrew, whose judgments proved to be so unsound and so unlike her own. We wish her Majesty a very speedy recovery and hope that she takes comfort in knowing how much she is loved and respected by the majority of the British people. The clean-up has begun. But it’s going to take some time for the country to recover from Storm Eunice. We might all have our different stories to tell about where we were when the winds began to pick up but one thing we all shared was a sense of powerlessness ‑ and that’s no bad thing. We may think we are in control of our lives. We may take pride in planning our futures. We may be brilliant at organisation. But, in the end, nature is in charge. And that’s humbling. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea