Victoria Derbyshire and Ben Thompson hosted Saturday’s BBC Breakfast as the broadcaster’s coverage of the Russia-Ukraine conflict continued. James Heappey joined the BBC news programme to discuss the Government’s response to Russian aggression but viewers took to social media to slam the interview. Derbyshire repeatedly questioned Heappey on whether the UK would accept Ukrainian refugees but the Armed Forces Minister explained he was not in a position to answer. The BBC Breakfast host continued to grill Heappey on the UK’s stance on this matter prompting the minister to hit back: "Sorry, I thought I had been clear; I don't know the answer to that question." BBC Breakfast took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the exchange as Roger tweeted: “@BBCBreakfast What an absolute car crash of an interview by Victoria Derbyshire, poorly researched and poor questions being asked. Truly substandard journalism from the BBC.” Anna Robson replied: “Agreed. Absolutely appalling.” Read more: Victoria Derbyshire skewered by James Heappey on BBC Breakfast Tina Fowler added: “@BBCBreakfast why do your interviewers insist on asking the same question when it’s already been answered just because it isn’t the answer they want?!” @sjagray said: “@vicderbyshire @BBCBreakfast its not his job, he said 3 times he didnt know, stop repeatedly asking such a stupid question. Learn when to move on.” (sic) “@BBCBreakfast at it again trying to catch out a government minister talking about Ukraine. Wont they ever learn? @DefundBBC,” @EdgeMazz wrote. (sic) However, Bernie shared: “Good to see Victoria Derbyshire on @BBCBreakfast.” “I wish Victoria Derbyshire had a more prominent role with the BBC #BBCBreakfast,” @sdoddsy agreed. Derbyshire asked: “If the Russians do overthrow the democratic government of Ukraine, what would the West do to try and reverse that, if anything, or would it accept it? “Well, that I think is the other part of the equation,” Heappey replied. “There’s the urgent support to the Ukrainian Armed Forces and their effort to resist as best they can the Russian advance, and then there's what's next in terms of our competition with Russia. DON'T MISSBBC scrambles to defend deploying hosts to Ukraine  [INSIGHT]BBC viewers voice support for ‘tearful’ Clive Myrie [VIDEO]BBC audience member shamed for blaming Ukraine war on Brexit  [INTERVIEW] “However, it goes in Ukraine, frankly, this is [a huge] change in Euro Atlantic security.” “And so we need to give some pretty strong thought to what this new period of competition with Russia looks like,” Heappey said. “That is not just a military competition, it is a diplomatic, economic and even a cultural competition. “Think back to the 70s and 80s you have the amazing work the BBC did in communicating the values of freedom and liberal democracy into Russia. “[This] was a key part of what led to the downfall of the Soviet Union.” “So there is a competition that follows with Russia over years, perhaps decades in which we need to bring about the failure of Vladimir Putin personally, his failure to anoint a successor, the failure of his entire kleptocracy that surrounds him and an opportunity for Russia to move on from this awful leadership that is sacrificing so many of their bravest than their best simply in the interest of Putin's hubris,” he continued. “He's not doing this in the name of Russia.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.