Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary usually present the Friday slot of This Morning after the duo replaced Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes last year. Fans love seeing the ITV pair presenting together, although, on Friday, they were surprised to see Josie Gibson co-hosting the show with Alison. This Morning began at a slightly later time of 10.05am on Friday to make way for an emergency news bulletin about Ukraine. However, as Alison and Josie introduced the show, they discussed Dermot's absence. The mum-of-one told viewers Dermot was having a "Well-deserved day off". "Good morning, and welcome to your Friday's This Morning," Alison began. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? She continued: "As you may have noticed we started slightly later today." Josie explained: "We will be bringing you the latest on the situation in Ukraine via our colleagues from ITV News throughout the show." Addressing Dermot's absence, Alison said: "As you can see I am joined by the wonderful Josie Gibson today as Dermot has got a well-deserved day off today. "He's having a little break but I am happy because we've got you, how are you?" "Thank you for having me, Al," Josie replied. "Who would have thought it, a Bristolian and a Brummie presenting This Morning." "It's happened," Alison added. "It was always going to happen, but do you know what I was thinking. "We come from the Big Brother days. We've got a winner and a loser." "I didn't want to say anything, Al," Josie joked as they continued with the show. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] Dermot's absence baffled viewers, with many questioning why he needed a day off when he only co-hosts one day a week. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, J penned: "Dermot is having a day off. "Yeah, because he was really working hard for the money between Monday and Thursday on #ThisMorning, wasn't he?" (sic) Craig quizzed: "Dermot's having a well-earned break? He only co-hosts once a week FFS." (sic) While Sue added: "Dermot having a day off does 1 day a week." Despite the criticism, viewers were thrilled to see Josie co-hosting with Alison. Rachael said: "Love Alison & Josie great team, funny, energetic, love these 2." (sic) "Loving Josie and Alison, been feeling down but these two definitely cheer me up," Jodi added. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.