Vladimir Putin said he was forced into the decision of putting nuclear forces on “special alert” as a result of “aggressive statements” made by the West. However, the announcement does not mean Russia intends to use its nuclear arsenal. Since launching a full-scale invasion of Ukraine last week the Kremlin has faced widespread condemnation from the international community, with various sanctions imposed against Russia. In response to the decision, the US hit back, labelling it an "unacceptable escalation", while the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation’s (Nato) General-Secretary Jens Stoltenberg described Mr Putin's comments as "dangerous rhetoric". The announcement comes less than a week after the Russian President had warned that "whoever tries to hinder us" in Ukraine would see consequences "you have never seen in your history". Experts interpreted his comments as a threat to escalate the conflict through the use of nuclear weapons should the West try to intervene. After his order to the Russian Defence Minister and the Chief of the military's general staff to put the nuclear deterrent forces on a "special regime of combat duty" that warning has now come into sharper focus.  READ MORE: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv In December 2018 Mr Putin cautioned that the threat of nuclear war should not be underestimated, while also elaborating on some of the potential impacts of a nuclear war. His remarks came after the US withdrew from the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, which the US and Russia had originally agreed to in 1987. He said: “The danger of the situation is being downplayed. It now seems to be impossible, something without crucial importance, but at the same time if something like this would happen this would lead to the collapse of the entire civilization and maybe our planet.  “Unfortunately, we have this trend to underestimate the current situation. There are dangers, there are risks in our day-to-day lives. “What are those risks? First and foremost, the collapse of the international system of arms control, of moving away from an arms race.” Earlier that same year the Russian President had declared that a new range of nuclear weapons, which had been developed by Russia, were “invincible”. He has also previously said the West needs “to take account of a new reality and understand that everything I have said today is not a bluff”.  DON'T MISS: 'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [NEWS]Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance [INSIGHT]Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error [EXPLAINED] The comments from Mr Putin suggest that while he views nuclear warheads as a necessary deterrent to the West he also acknowledges the destruction they could lead to for the entire world. Today, Russia owns the largest stockpile of nuclear weapons of any country globally. According to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, Moscow has approximately 4,447 warheads, 1,588 of which are deployed on ballistic missiles and heavy bomber bases. A further 977 strategic warheads and 1,912 nonstrategic warheads are kept in reserve by the Kremlin.  The only previous time that nuclear weapons have been used in combat was when the US twice bombed Japan towards the end of World War Two. Mr Putin's order to move Russia’s deterrent forces to “special alert” comes after several days of fighting in Ukraine. Both sides have claimed varying levels of casualties, while Ukraine’s human rights commissioner has revealed 210 civilians have been killed so far. Meanwhile, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has said he has agreed to hold negotiations with Russia at a location on the border between Ukraine and Belarus. However, neither Russia nor Belarus have issued any statements yet about potential talks. 