The Rookie is finally making its anticipated return to ABC this week with an all-new case for John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) and the team to take on. After guest-starring in the crime drama, actress Jasmine Matthews recently landed herself a new role in an exciting George Foreman biopic.  On Thursday it was announced Matthews had joined the cast of the upcoming and untitled biopic of legendary two-time world heavyweight champion George Foreman. According to Deadline, the actress will star alongside Sonja Sohn, John Magaro and Shein Mompremier. They will be joining the star-studded cast which already boasts of Khris Davis, Sullivan Jones, and Academy Award winner Forest Whitaker. The Sony Pictures film is set to be directed by George Tillman Jr who is most notable for his work on The Hate U Give, Notorious and Soul Food. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? The film will follow George Foreman’s personal life and his successes as a boxer as well as shining a light on his unforgettable career highlights. This will include his triumphant trajectory from an Olympic Gold Medalist to a World Heavyweight Champion. His significant Rumble in the Jungle fight with Mohammad Ali, which took place in Kinshasa, DRC back in 1974. Foreman’s eventual retirement and his journey to finding faith and becoming a preacher. The Sony film will also show the decision he made to step back into the ring at 45 after his family and the church hit financial hardship. A choice which saw him gain the title of the oldest heavyweight champion in boxing history. While it's yet to be revealed which roles the actors will play, a release date for the biopic has been set for April 7, 2023. The Rookie fans can look forward to seeing Matthews hit the big screen after becoming a household name on the ABC crime drama. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]The Rookie spin-off: Will Simone Clark be focus of new series? [INSIGHT]The Rookie delayed: ABC crime drama latest show to head off air [INSIGHT] Matthews was first introduced on The Rookie as Rachel Hall in season two as Lucy Chen’s (Melissa O’Neil) college friend. As part of a ploy, Lucy made a deal with her training officer Tim Bradford (Eric Winter) for him to go on a date with Rachel. Although things didn’t appear to be going her way, Lucy soon found out she won the bet after she discovered the two slept together and had since become dating. Rachel and Tim grew closer and it looked as though he was doing all the right things after he gifted her model plane for her birthday, which she was thrilled about. The couple faced hardship when Rachel’s father went behind her back to pressure Tim into breaking up with her as she might’ve had Huntington's disease. This only led to him reaffirming his love for her, despite her anger towards her father. However, in her final episode, Rachel revealed she landed her dream job in New York City and although Tim wasn’t going to move in with her, the couple decided to go long distance. After leaving the series, Matthews has since starred alongside Chris Pratt in Amazon’s sci-fi drama The Tomorrow War. The Rookie season four is available to watch in the USA on ABC and is available in the UK on Sky Witness 