Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has heaped pressure on title rivals Manchester City, claiming that he expects them to win every game between now and the end of the season. The Sky Blues' recent slip-up has left the door ajar for the Reds, who seem to be the only side within touching distance at this stage of the Premier League season. City's lead at the top of the table was dealt an agonising blow on Saturday when Tottenham ran out 3-2 winners at the Etihad. The result was sealed in dramatic fashion, with Riyad Mahrez's stoppage-time equaliser cancelled out by the imperious Harry Kane, who capped off his sensational performance with a 95th-minute headed winner. As for Liverpool, they kept the pressure on Pep Guardiola's side with a 3-1 victory over Norwich City. Luis Diaz's first goal for the club will come as a welcome morale boost too, as each of Klopp's front three got on the scoresheet against the Canaries. JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs 'split' on Cristiano Ronaldo as Glazers weigh up whether to axe star The weekend's results leave City and Liverpool separated by just six points, although Klopp's men have the benefit of a game in hand. Still, the German has played down prospects of an even title race in an attempt to manage fans' expectations. "We expect that [City will win their games]," he said during his Tuesday media duties. "We play them once, that's one we definitely want to win. This game [Leeds], nothing has changed. "We cannot win everything in just one game, we just try to win a very difficult Premier League game. We saw all the faces of Leeds on Sunday." DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS) Man City star Ilkay Gundogan recently cited the importance of Liverpool's trip to the Etihad, with a crunch date set for April if both sides continue to rack up points. The Reds face Leeds United on Wednesday, a team that will be riled up after their rollercoaster 4-2 loss at the hands of bitter rivals Manchester United on Sunday. Injury news means the Reds will likely rely on Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane, who have recently returned from a taxing AFCON campaign, and Luis Diaz, who is still acclimatising to the Premier League, to carry the attacking burden. Klopp confirmed that neither Diogo Jota nor Roberto Firmino are in training, and will miss out on Wednesday as a result. "We have so many games to play and yes, if we can win them all, it's a title race," he added. "I don't know, exactly. I understand people get excited, that's good. "They [Man City] are not completely out of reach but it's a tricky situation." If Liverpool win their game in hand, Merseyside rivals Everton could do them a favour as Guardiola's side head to Goodison Park on Saturday.