Fraudsters are impersonating the loved ones of their victims by texting them “convincing” messages over WhatsApp. According to the bank, anyone could be targeted by this scam so it is vital that its customers learn what to look out for when possibly being approached by a fraudster. Lloyds’ latest intervention comes as Action Fraud reported that WhatsApp users lost £50,000 in total between August to October 2021 in scams. The scam watchdog shared a real-life example of how one person paid £2,000 to someone by making a payment to someone they believed was their son after they received a WhatsApp message. In this case, the fraudster claimed that they had broken their phone which is why they had a new number and that they needed a number of invoices to be payed off. On its website, the bank shared an example message of how fraudsters pretend to be the family and friends of the people they are targeting. The message read: “Hi mum. It’s your beautiful daughter. Had to change my phone number. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  “Need your help. Bank has blocked my account. Can you pay a bill right now? Please help.” The number will always be one that the victim does not recognise with the fraudster providing some sort of excuse as to why this is. As well as sharing this message, Lloyds did also provide advice as to how people can avoid being victim to this scam. The bank recommends that once someone receives this message they should not reply and just delete it.  If there is room for reasonable doubt, Lloyds recommends that you call your family or friend that is potentially being impersonated to check if the WhatsApp message is real. Louise Baxter, the head of the National Trading Standards Scams Team and Friends Against Scams, said: “Lots of people may feel immune to scams. "But these ‘Friend in need’ scams are particularly effective as they prey on our kindness and desire to help friends and family. “Scammers send messages that appear to come from a friend or family member asking for personal information, money, or a six-digit PIN number. “The messages are sent from the compromised accounts of your friends, so they look as if they’re coming from someone you know, or from an unknown number claiming to be a friend who has lost their phone or been ‘locked out’ of their account. “The rising number of cases highlights why it’s important for all of us to protect ourselves, our friends and families from scams. "Always report suspected cases – and take the free online training at friendsagainstscams.org.uk to help take a stand against scams.” Kathryn Harnett, Policy Manager at WhatsApp, explained: “WhatsApp protects our users’ personal messages with end-to-end encryption. "But we want to remind people of the other ways they can keep their accounts safe and remain vigilant to the threat of scammers. “We advise all users never to share their six-digit PIN code with others, not even friends or family, and recommend that all users set up two-step verification for added security. “And, if you receive a suspicious message (even if you think you know who it’s from), calling or requesting a voice note is the fastest and simplest way to check someone is who they say they are. A friend in need is a friend worth calling.”