Back in November 2021, Sarah Smith was appointed the BBC's North America editor and expressed relief to be leaving Scotland. Sarah claimed she had been subjected to "bile and hatred" over her years covering Scottish politics. GB News host Michael Portillo was joined by Craig Hoy, the Scottish Conservatives' Shadow Minister for social care and mental health, to discuss the revelations and the current climate of Scottish politics. Introducing the topic, Michael said: "I had no anticipation of this, has it been well known that this was going on for some time?" Craig began: "I think as a former journalist I am deeply troubled by the state of contemporary debate in Scotland. "I think what Sarah Smith has done is she has shone a light on a problem that many of us had known had been there for a considerable number of years now. "Possibly for as long as back to the 2014 referendum, Scottish politics I think have become very tribal, and I have to say at the fault line is not the old left-right argument. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene "It is now this question of independence, so I think Sarah Smith has been brave to say what she did to say that she is going to the US where I think politics and the media aren't for the faint-hearted. "I think it does illustrate how poor politics have become here in Scotland and how vicious and vile the debate is sometimes." Michael continued: "Sarah Smith is an outstanding journalist, she also happens to be the daughter of John Smith, the former leader of the Labour Party. "Of course a great advocate of unionism in Scotland, is it alleged and is it realistic to think that a part of the abuse comes because of her lineage?" "Sarah Smith didn't say that," Craig confirmed. "But I have drawn the same conclusions as you, her father was the late John Smith, her mother is in the House of Lords. "And she worked for the BBC, so I think that would irk someone on the ultra-nationalist side, but certainly when I looked at her output and her reporting, she was fair, she was impartial, she was a very good journalist. "For her to leave with these comments and express this view about the state of Scottish Politics I think is a concern that we need to try and bring the country back together again. "Think about it, we are just coming out of the pandemic, the first minister is only talking about wanting to hold another divisive referendum next year. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [WATCH] "It makes no sense to me, and it makes no sense to the Scottish people," Craig fumed. Sarah said she repeatedly experienced gendered abuse while with the Scottish BBC, which led her to significantly reduce her use of Twitter over fears she had become a visible target. Touching on her dad's success, she told the Reuters Institute, “He was a very well known politician. "He was a unionist, people like to therefore assume that my politics must be the same as my father’s, despite me being, one, a different person, and him having been dead for 27 years. "People would roll their car windows down as they drive past me in the street to ask me ‘what f***ing lies you’re going to be telling on TV tonight, you f***ing lying b****’,” she told Rhys Evans, a BBC Wales executive. Attacks on Smith escalated after she suggested during a live 10 O’Clock News broadcast in May 2020 Nicola Sturgeon, the first minister, “enjoyed” being able to distinguish herself in combating the Covid pandemic. Sturgeon furiously denied this on Twitter and said she found the Covid crisis stressful and unpleasant. A BBC spokesperson said: “The safety of our journalists is paramount, and while we wouldn’t comment on individual cases. "We have a range of measures in place to support our staff, both online and in person. “No journalist should have to put up with the kind of abuse described by Sarah. There should be no place for it in journalism or any other aspect of public life.” GB News Political Correction with Michael Portillo airs every day from 10am.