Cristiano Ronaldo continues to be unhappy with life at Manchester United and his latest demand may force Ralf Rangnick’s hand in the summer transfer window. The superstar returned to Old Trafford to much fanfare ahead of this season, but the move has arguably not worked out as hoped. While Ronaldo is United’s top scorer, the Red Devils have endured a campaign of struggle and face a huge fight to finish in the top four. Amid the disappointment, Ronaldo has grown increasingly frustrated, frequently storming off the pitch at the end of matches. But his frustrations have no only been shown out on the pitch, with the Portuguese attacker reportedly holding meetings with Rangnick. The German has been able to improve results since taking over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, but performances remain a concern. He will move into a consultancy role at the end of the season, taking some responsibility for transfer matters. JUST IN: Man Utd's Maguire may be sold with Rangnick a 'big fan' of replacement It was thought that Rangnick was hoping to make signing a new central midfielder one of United’s top transfer priorities. But his hand may be forced into a difference direction after reportedly holding a meeting with Ronaldo. Accord to The Athletic, the meeting took place following the draw with Southampton, with Ronaldo expressing a desire for United to return to playing two strikers up front. Rangnick has deployed a 4-2-3-1 or 4-3-3 formation since arriving, with Ronaldo mainly being used as a sole striker. DON'T MISS: Ralf Rangnick shows up Paul Scholes as handy knack continues to work (INSIGHT)Man Utd may get chance to hire better manager than Ten Hag and Poch (NEWS)Man Utd can kickstart next chapter by listening to Van de Beek’s hint (TRANSFERS) But that has seen him look isolated during games, with the 37-year-old having just one touch in Atletico Madrid’s box in their Champions League clash earlier this week. Ronaldo is said to be believe that a return to playing alongside a strike partner can benefit both him and the team. That demand may force Rangnick and United to change their transfer strategy, targeting a new striker rather than a midfielder. Edinson Cavani has struggled with fitness issues and looks set to leave Old Trafford at the end of his contract. With few other options to play alongside Ronaldo up-front, United will need to bring in a new striker if they are to meet the superstar’s demands. Ronaldo certainly was more productive in front of goal when playing alongside a partner, which may help to convince Rangnick. The German may not like seeing his hand being forced in such a manner, but Ronaldo’s status means he will be listened to. The striker’s frustrations have been clear for some time and signing a new striker may go some way to relieving them.