Stacey Solomon, 32, has taken to Instagram to share a picture from her first swim with her daughter Rose, with the Loose Women panellist being met with floods of messages gushing over the star. Stacey posted a picture of herself in a bikini, while opening up about her "insecurities". Stacey stunned as she held a smiling Rose up next to her at the corner of a swimming pool. The TV personality beamed in a black bikini, as she spread body positivity to her five million followers. Stacey styled her red tresses in a waved look, and wore a gold necklace. She captioned the post: "Rose's first swim, she loved it so much. READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death "Although there were definitely moments when it looked like she wasn’t too pleased with the water the way she was splashing it. "I forgot how magical those first swims are, even though it feels like yesterday we were taking Rex for his first swim now he’s cannon balling in." Stacey then took to her post to share a body positive message to her followers, explaining why she posted the picture. She penned: "P.S I had a little moment getting ready for swimming where I felt a little bit insecure. "Then I remembered how grateful I am that my body has grown the love of my life. "For anyone else who hears that mean little voice from time to time. "Tell it to get lost and be quiet because it’s lying. Stacey continued: "You’re so beautiful and your body is incredible. "No matter what some of the things we see will lead us to believe." DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [INSIGHT] Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [BBC] Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement [OPINION] Friends and fans alike flooded the comments to thank Stacey for her candid post and compliment the star. Taliamar said: "Omg you two are just so adorable and I can’t even imagine being insecure when you’re that bloody beautiful!!!!" (sic) Kathylouisecw added: "Posts like this should fill everyone’s timelines. "A real mum enjoying time with her beautiful daughter. "The first thing anyone will notice is your smile. Keep going, you wonderful woman." _Aimeejrollinson added: "What a beautiful picture and amazing memories! "Look at the example you are setting for your daughter! Absolutely amazing." Stacey took to the comments of her post to gush over the floods of positive messages. She said: "This is the sweetest thread of comments. Love you all so much." Stacey has four children, with her eldest Leighton and Zachary from a previous relationship. She has two children Rex and Toby with her fiance, fellow TV personality Joe Swash.