National Insurance has a direct link to the state pension, as it dictates the amount someone gets when they reach state pension age. There are specific criteria which must be met in order to qualify for the full state pension. Britons now need 35 qualifying years on their National Insurance record to get the full sum. Under the old state pension rules, only 30 years were needed. However, this was increased from April 2016. To get any state pension at all, 10 years of contributions are required. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim People who have more than 10 but less than 35 years on their record will receive an amount proportional to how many years they have. For example, someone with 30 years of National Insurance contributions would get around 85 percent of the full state pension. Some people may get a lesser amount of state pension if they were previously contracted out. The full new state pension is worth £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 for a full 12 months. DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions: How Britons could save thousands of pounds on their bills [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak torn apart by 'extremely angry' colleagues over tax hike: 'Tax millionaires!' [REACTION]Sunak’s stupid and cruel 55% pensions tax must be axed before it does even MORE damage [TAX] This will increase from April 2022, taking the amount to £185.15 per week. How to get qualifying years for National Insurance There are three ways people can build up their National Insurance record. The most common way is by paying contributions through working. People who are employed and earn over £184 a week from one employer should get a qualifying year. Those who are self-employed and pay National Insurance contributions should also get a qualifying year. The second method of earning qualifying years is through certain benefits which have National Insurance credits attached. The following benefits provide a National Insurance credit: The third and final way to improve a National Insurance record is through voluntary contributions. Britons may be able to pay voluntary amounts if they wish to fill gaps in their National Insurance record and increase their state pension entitlement. People can check their National Insurance record online through the Government website to see if they have a sufficient number of qualifying years and if there are any gaps to fill. They can then explore whether they could improve their record through National Insurance credits or voluntary contributions.