Never mind that this is policy on the hoof. Never mind it makes this Government look even more chaotic than it currently does. But why did the Health Secretary change his mind on a policy he’d previously said was non-negotiable and that he “made no apology” for enforcing because it was essential for patient safety? So why is it suddenly not? For me, it’s a no-brainer that doctors, nurses and medical staff should be jabbed. Their fear of it, their doubts about it are shared by us all but most of us did the responsible thing and had it . This flip-flopping by Javid is a huge mistake because it makes him look weak and like he doesn’t have the courage of his convictions. It also gives power to the anti vax movement who had we listened to we’d still be cowering behind closed doors in lockdown. Or worse. But much more importantly the first priority of doctors and nurses must always be to put the safety of patients in their care above everything else. And in my opinion by refusing the vaccine they’re not doing that. Presumably doctors and nurses go into medicine because they want to save lives. Doctors actually take a vow to “do no harm” but refusing the jab has the potential to do great harm. For God’s sake this vaccine is to stop people getting sick and dying. What’s to object to about that? Yes, I get the NHS has crippling staff shortages and that sacking those refusing the vaccine would have made what is already a bad situation a Hellish one. But the NHS has had chronic staff shortages for as long as I’ve been alive. This is not a new situation. It must be said we owe a debt of gratitude to NHS staff who have worked themselves into the ground these last two years to help those felled by Covid. And that’s what makes THIS so damn disappointing. As for Javid – in one move he has sent out a message that vaccines are no longer important. That it’s okay not to have one. In which case why is the Government still pushing the rest of us to get fully vaccinated telling us all it’s the right and responsible thing to do? Does that not apply to medical staff who are at the coal face of covid infections. Is their “responsibility” not the greatest of all? Because most of us did what the Government asked and got jabbed we now have what’s called “population protection”. But what would have happened if we’d all done what these medical refuseniks are doing? And doesn’t this sends out a contradictory message not just to the population as a whole but to NHS staff as well? Having won the argument to make vaccines for NHS staff compulsory (which makes total safety sense) Javid’s 11th hour capitulation is counterproductive. Because what happens the next time he wants to introduce an important vaccine – for flu say – and make it mandatory? NHS staff can just say – “Nope, don’t fancy it.” And where does that leave us? I’m sorry that some care home workers have already lost their jobs thanks to the compulsory jab ruling but the fact is they never had to – they just had to get vaccinated. Covid is never going to go away which is why we need to keep up our protection against it. Just this week it’s been revealed that thousands of children face an increased risk of catching deadly measles in England because MMR vaccine rates have fallen to their lowest levels in a decade. More than one in ten kids are not up to date with their two doses of the MMR which means if they get measles they’re susceptible to complications like ear infections, pneumonia and inflammation of the brain. It’s easy to think that because a disease is being kept at bay its gone away. Measles hasn’t. And Covid won’t. Despite Javid’s U-turn Boris said this week he believed it was “absolutely clear” that NHS and social care workers should still get vaccinated. And while currently many of us are finding it hard to support anything our PM says, on this at least, I’m with him.