Liverpool and Chelsea have been rocked by injuries heading into Sunday's Carabao Cup final at Wembley, but Jurgen Klopp could reward one of his 'fearless' youngsters with a start as the Reds look to win the first domestic trophy of the season. Liverpool face Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday as both sides go head-to-head for the first domestic trophy of the season. The pair have been inseparable this season as the points were shared in both Premier League meetings, but they could line-up very differently in the final with injury concerns in both camps. Liverpool have confirmed that they will stay loyal to back-up goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher, with Chelsea expected to follow suit and start Kepa Arrizabalaga in net too. But Jurgen Klopp could put the ultimate faith in one of his youngsters, who he described as "fearless" earlier this month.  MUST READ: Chelsea vs Liverpool: Carabao Cup final 'to make big Ukraine gesture' Liverpool have already confirmed that Roberto Firmino will miss Sunday's trip to Wembley, and Diogo Jota will be assessed before kick-off, but Klopp could hand 18-year-old Harvey Elliott with a start in midfield. Klopp named two completely different midfield trios in their last two Premier League games against Norwich and Leeds, but Elliott wasn't part of either as the Liverpool boss vowed to 'overplay' the youngster. Elliott made a miraculous recovery from injury and scored a goal against Cardiff City in the fourth round of the FA Cup upon his return. Klopp has already put a lot of faith in Elliott this season, but after promising to be patient with his game-time, his recent omission may suggest that the German is ready to unleash him against Chelsea on Sunday.  MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte lifts lid on Levy talks after outburstMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick highlights unsung hero he could useMan Utd speak out on Aeroflot sponsorship after UK's Russia sanctions The Liverpool boss rates Elliott extremely highly, and labelled him "fearless" upon his return from injury, as he said: "Everything has gone well. He did an incredible job and the medical department did an incredible job. "He was patient coming back and he's still a fearless boy and a great footballer. There are not a lot of good things when you get an injury like that, but when you are that young, you deal with it better." Klopp also hailed his mentality, which could suggest that he is ready for the biggest start of his career: "Probably his biggest talent is how ready mentally he is out there. He is a kid, yes, but on the pitch not so much." Liverpool are expected to stick with their new look front three of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz as Jota makes his return from injury, and Kelleher is the only change likely at the back.  But it's Liverpool's midfield three that is up for debate, with Fabinho the only guaranteed starter, although Jordan Henderson has also been used sparingly this week with a start on Sunday in mind. Elliott may only be 18, but he acts a lot more mature out on the field, and former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy has tipped the youngster to be a star at Anfield. Murphy told talkSport: "I think Harvey Elliott has got that maturity about his game which you have to have to be put in the team. "I’m really excited to see his development because I think he’s one of those players that get’s fans on the edge of their seat because he’s got that silkiness, he can manipulate the ball, he can go past someone, and he’s going to score goals.  “He’s going to be a terrific player." Elliott has already made his Champions League debut against Inter Milan recently, and the youngster may be given the opportunity to leave his mark at Wembley on Sunday. 