Ambassador Vadym Prystaiko said that Russian planes were shot down by the British equipment. Anti-tank weapons supplied by the UK were also used on Russian tanks, the ambassador said. According to GB News, Mr Prystaiko appeared to thank the UK for their support, but bemoaned a general lack of action from the West.  Speaking in London this afternoon he said: "We should have started much earlier, maybe decades ago. "That’s why we’ve been trying to get into NATO (for) all these years. "Because we always believed this would come." He added: "Russia came from all four sides. "We are putting up a real fight. "Tanks, helicopters, planes being shot down. "We are defending our land." Mr Prystaiko called for NATO forces to enter Ukraine. The Ukrainian government has urged the West to impose further sanctions, including barring Russia from the SWIFT banking system. It has also called for the West to place sanctions on the Russian Central bank, Mr Prystaiko said. This came after Russian troops rolled into Ukraine after Mr Putin officially declared war in the early hours of this morning. Tanks rolled into Ukraine on three fronts, as Moscow launched a full-scale invasion. In the wake of the invasion, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned that Ukraine will defend itself. DON'T MISS: Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience [ANALYSIS] 'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [REACTION] Britons furious over 'Brexit betrayer' Johnson as Farage backed for PM [REPORT] He said: "Who can stop [the war]? People. These people are among you, I am sure. "If they [Russia] attack, if they try to take our county - our freedom, our lives, the lives of our children - we will be defending ourselves. "As you attack, it will be our faces you see, not our backs." European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen shared her support for the people of Ukraine, saying: "We will not let President Putin tear down Europe's security architecture. "He should not underestimate the resolve and strength of our democracies. "The European Union stands with Ukraine and its people. Ukraine will prevail." Meanwhile, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss condemned the "appalling, unprovoked attack" on Ukraine. She tweeted: "I strongly condemn the appalling, unprovoked attack President Putin has launched on the people of Ukraine. "We stand with Ukraine and we will work with our international partners to respond to this terrible act of (aggression)."