February is almost over, leaving little time left to sow new crops ahead of spring. While the time may have passed to plant spring bulbs, there are plenty of seeds that are well suited to the late winter climate. From hearty vegetables to vibrant flowers, Express.co.uk reveals the end of season seeds to plant in your garden right now. Green, leafy vegetables were the main focus in early winter, but the late-season climate favours more tender varieties. If you’re looking to sow some seeds this weekend, swap your lambs lettuce and spinach crops for fresh peppers and crunch celery. Tender vegetables should be started off indoors to maximise their growth, so be sure to establish new seeds in an environment that reaches at least 10C before transferring them outside. Use seed trays to start the vegetables off - this will make it easier to transplant them without damaging their delicate roots. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows The best vegetables seeds to sow in late winter include: If you are particularly keen on growing aubergines and tomatoes, consider sowing these fast-growing seeds in early March for best results. The Royal Horticultural Society recommends keeping aubergines, tomatoes and cucumber under cover all season. These crops can be grown in borders, grow bags or containers, said the RHS. For a varied vegetable patch, consider growing hardier crops alongside tender varieties to broaden your harvest. Hardy vegetables can be sown directly outside between late February and March as the soil warms up. To grow crops from seeds, try planting: While hardy seeds are frost-hardy, you can still start their growth inside or under cover if you live in a particularly exposed or cold area. DON'T MISS:When to cut back roses - best time to trim climbers and shrubs [INSIGHT]When does spring start? How to prepare your garden for this key date [REVEAL]When to plant agapanthus, alliums and canna - key dates [ANALYSIS] Tender flowers can be potted up now ready to establish ahead of the summer. Use seed trays, module trays or pots with plenty of drainage holes for the best growing conditions for your young seedlings. Right now, you can sow: Quick and easy to grow from seed, these half-hardy annuals should be kept indoors until May when they can be transplanted to the garden. Start in late February/early March and continue sowing as late as April for a continual supply of stunning blooms. Sweet peas have a long planting period and can be sown from seed between April and October. While the seeds have longer to establish the earlier you plant them, Sarah Raven says that gardeners should aim to sow sweet peas between late February and early March for best results. As the weather warms up and the final frost passes, you can then plant your established sweet peas into the ground from April through to May. Sow dahlias in a greenhouse or propagator to secure young plants. Dahlias will be ready to plant outdoors in late May to flower this year. Sweet peas have a long planting period and can be sown from seed between April and October. While the seeds have longer to establish the earlier you plant them, Sarah Raven says that gardeners should aim to sow sweet peas between late February and early March for best results. As the weather warms up and the final frost passes, you can then plant your established sweet peas into the ground from April through to May. Sow dahlias in a greenhouse or propagator to secure young plants. Dahlias will be ready to plant outdoors in late May to flower this year.