Lady Kitty Spencer joined both sisters Eliza and Amelia along with her younger brother Samuel Aitken for London Fashion Week. The nieces of Princess Diana enjoyed themselves at the after-party on Monday, February 21 whilst looking jaw-droppingly stunning. Proving a passion for fashion runs in her family, Lady Kitty Spencer, 31, who is the eldest child of Charles Spencer, 9th Earl Spencer appeared glamorous in a lace, leopard print frock by Dolce & Gabbana.  She teamed this with a black leather jacket when attending Perfect Magazine's London Fashion Week celebration at The Standard. Kitty’s stunning leopard print dress by Dolce & Gabbana retails for a whopping £1,550 on Farfetch. Looking typically stylish, Kitty completed her look with black tights and matching high heels while keeping her blonde locks tied back in a curly ponytail. Adding plenty of glitz to her satin ensemble, Kitty wore a layered necklace while sporting matching golden drop earrings and a smattering of glamorous makeup.  Kitty was joined at the occasion by her equally glitzy twin sisters Lady Eliza and Lady Amelia, both 29, who sported shimmering dresses from the Michael Kors Collection. Lady Eliza and Lady Amelia opted for matching cut out maxi dresses from Michael Kors, with the former opting for a silver one, while the latter donned a shimmering black version. Both ladies opted to team their dresses with dainty drop earrings and strappy high heels while keeping their locks down. Also in attendance was their 18-year-old brother Samuel, the son of Victoria Aitken.   Victoria was previously married to Princess Diana's brother Earl Spencer, but later married Jonathan Aitken, Samuel’s father. Samuel walked Kitty down the aisle during her lavish wedding to business tycoon Micheal Lewis, 62, in July and said it was one of the 'proudest moments' of his life. He looked handsome in a white denim jacket at the LFW occasion. Samuel paired his white denim jacket with a matching logo top and dark denim jeans.  He finished his outfit with black shoes and a dainty gold necklace. Society beauties Amelia and Eliza are following in the footsteps of their older sister, Kitty, who has forged a career in modelling after becoming a firm fixture on the London social scene. Earlier this year, the pair were hailed by society bible Tatler as among the hottest and most elegant socialite siblings from across the world who are used to moving in the same circles as supermodels, aristocrats and royals. They were ranked among others as one of the most glamorous sets of twins on the elite social scene.  Meanwhile, Samuel has teased he rarely covers up his abs, saying: “Most of the time when I’m at home I rarely even have a T-shirt on. “I’m just in my shorts as it can get quite hot. “I’m like Tarzan, I’m hardly in much.” Royal fan @claireswiney took to Twitter saying: “Beautiful family, every one of them, they certainly won the looks lottery.” 