Kin has been made by AMC Networks and makes its UK debut on Sundance Now via Amazon Prime Video Channels. Set in Ireland, the crime drama sees one of the Kinsella sons get killed, which sets off a gangland war. Amanda Kinsella actress Clare Dunne spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the show's future. As the Kinsella family decide to take on an international cartel, they find they have entered an impossible war to win. Bloodshed is a certainty as the Kinsellas find themselves out of their depth. Holed up in their Dublin stronghold, they watch everything they have worked hard to build and protect crumble around them. The one thing the family does have as an advantage is their unbreakable bond as a unit. The dark tale reveals the true sides of each family member as they show their vulnerabilities. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? Clare Dunne plays matriarch Amanda in the series and she is devastated following the loss of her boy. Over the course of the series, she decides to take matters into her own hands. Speaking about what could be next for her character, she shed a light on whether season two was on the cards. Speaking to Express.co.uk she said: "I think there's been discussion about it but it hasn't been announced. "I'm very much an actor who waits for the contract in the post. It's not real until it's real." If season two does get the green light, she would love to see how Amanda dismantles the family hierarchy. She said: "I would love to see what she does to change how it all works. "It's kind of she just doesn't know the code of the gang world so she views it from the outside and goes 'well that's a bit silly, you could just do this'. "I would love to see what she would do, I think she would uproot things from the bottom up. "I also think she might try and weirdly find something good to do with it. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders: Lizzie Shelby actress teases emotional final scenes [INTERVIEW] Cillian Murphy details one thing he 'hates' about Peaky Blinders [INSIGHT] Peaky Blinders film confirms two iconic characters after season 6 [DISCUSSION] "Make something good happen out of the bad after what happens in series one. "She always wants to see a phoenix rise from the ashes, to see something good although the money is coming from a bad place." On the surface, Amanda is a woman who is in a gang family and is trying to make sure her sons do not get involved. Dunne said: "It's a very brave stance to take. So she's actually quietly acting, she's got this hidden power. "You see a bit of her intelligence... her talent, her ability to do more than she's ever done before. "But it comes out in the most ironic and different way to what she expected. "She's obviously somebody who is already quite courageous but the second thing would be her bravery in terms of being able to quietly push against them sometimes. "As an actor, you are watching a character who has only been thrown into the start of their true journey in their lives. "So you think 'I get who she is' but she herself completely has a transformation of moral fibre. "And what she could handle by episode two or three, it really changes. The challenge to have to establish something and then flip it."  Kin is streaming exclusively on Sundance Now (an add on subscription via Amazon Prime Video Channels) from Thursday, February 24.