The ONS data, a flash estimate on productivity in the fourth quarter of 2021, shows output per hour worked has now leapfrogged levels seen in 2019, despite the knock to the economy from the coronavirus pandemic. The data also looks at the effects of ending the furlough scheme on productivity, output per worker and hours worked across industries. Output per hour worked is an economic indicator calculated by dividing the estimated output of all goods and services in the country, and dividing it by the real hours worked by citizens. At a business level, this measures the efficiency of a company’s production. At a national level, productivity measures are a prime source of economic growth and competitiveness on an international scale. For the UK in the fourth quarter of 2021 (October to December), output per hour worked was 2.3 percent higher than the 2019 average. It was also one percent higher than Q3 of 2021, despite the emergence of the Omicron variant and the knock to the economy that it brought. This data shows the UK’s productivity is at its highest levels since 2008, and is 2.8 percent higher than it was at the Brexit milestone of January 2020, when the UK officially left the EU. Output per worker, another main measure of productivity, rose by an average of 0.8 percent during the quarter from October to December, compared with 2019. This was up 1.1 percent from the previous quarter.  With gloomy forecasts, soaring inflation and a looming cost of living crisis, this data is one piece of good news for the British economy. Productivity has been a weak point in the British economy since the financial crisis, fuelled largely by reliance on cheap labour. But this appears to be turning the corner, with experts saying it could be down to businesses pushing up wages as they seek to hold on to current staff and attract new, highly-skilled workers. However, some have cautioned that this might not be sustainable. Louise Burns, director of Nineteen Recruitment, said: "Employers are competing like crazy for candidates, driving salaries up into the stratosphere. “With many businesses entering a potentially delicate period of post-pandemic recovery, this sort of situation is completely unsustainable.” And ONS data also shows that UK wage growth across most sectors continues to lag behind the rising cost of living, with lower-earners expected to be the worst hit.   Elsewhere in the latest ONS productivity data, there is evidence that the total hours worked in the economy in 2021 Q4 remained at the same level as Q3, despite the end of the furlough scheme. This, ONS experts say, could in fact be masking a real-time drop in working hours. Josh Martin, head of productivity at the ONS, tweeted: “Total hours worked in the UK economy were basically flat between Q3 and Q4 2021, despite one million people coming off furlough. “That suggests a fall in average working hours of those not furloughed.” Lower hours worked could reflect workers who work shorter hours returning to their jobs after the end of the furlough scheme, as well as capturing the initial effects of the Omicron variant, which caused reduced working hours due to self-isolation and sickness.   So if hours are actually dropping, how does it track that productivity is on the up? Well, the ONS explains that productivity can rise when certain sectors become more high-yielding, or when large numbers of the workforce move to sectors that are already more productive. In the case of 2021’s fourth quarter, it’s evident that growth within industries mainly contributed to the overall growth, rather than any worker relocation. The ONS data shows that the manufacturing sector recorded the biggest gains in productivity, with a 4.4 percent growth in output per hour worked. Services industries were also above average at 2.4 percent higher than the previous quarter.   At 0.4 percent, growth was significantly slower in non-manufacturing industries, which include agriculture, mining, energy and waste. Bart van Ark, professor of productivity studies at the University of Manchester, said that the good news was that the results showed strong gains in productivity within sectors, but the bad news was that this growth may not last. He said: “Some of [growth] is related to a shortage of labour and slow labour growth. “It’s to some extent due to increases in gross value added but the bigger story is the slowdown in working hours. “The question is, how long can we now proceed with getting productivity growth from that unless we have a huge acceleration application of innovations and new technologies and so on and so forth?” He added: “Now that we see this sort of improvement in Q4 over Q3, it seems to suggest that that move back to work from home [because of Omicron] didn’t really impact productivity much, so that’s a good piece of news.” 