Andy Murray has shared the reason he keeps playing tennis after a gruelling first-round win at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. The world No 89 needed two hours and 51 minutes to overcome qualifier Christopher O’Connell 6-7(4) 6-3 7-5. It is Murray’s first appearance in Dubai since 2017 when he clinched the title as the then-world No 1. In the five years since his last appearance, he found himself sidelined from competition before undergoing a hip resurfacing surgery and mounting a comeback. Coming into the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships, the three-time Major champion finds himself up to world No 89 – his highest ranking since making his first attempt at a comeback in June 2018. He faced Australian world No 158 O’Connell for the first time in his opening match on Monday, needing to mount a comeback from a set down to seal his 699th career win. JUST IN: Djokovic met by rowdy Dubai crowd for first match since Aus Open drama  After almost three hours on court to open the night session in the Middle East, the former world No 1 admitted he found the match frustrating at times before settling in and managing to turn things around. “I mean I enjoyed the result. What went on in the middle, yeah not so easy,” he said in his on-court interview. “I was very frustrated early on in the match, couldn’t quite find my game and he was dictating a lot of the rallies.” Explaining how he clinched victory in the end, the 34-year-old added: “I managed to serve a little bit better as the match went on which helped me a lot and yeah, just managed to tough it out at the end.” DON’T MISSDjokovic compared to Nadal in brutal putdown over vaccine dramaRafa Nadal fired Djokovic warning as his uncle makes honest admissionEmma Raducanu warned of 'incredibly hard' problem in Mexico   Having returned to Dubai after five years of injury woes, Murray explained the reason he continues to play tennis despite sitting 88 places below his ranking the last time he entered the tournament. Sharing a warning he received from several other retired pros, the Brit said: “I’ve spoken to a lot of ex-players that a lot of them have said keep playing as long as you can, nothing will replace it. “Some have regretted maybe stopping a little bit too soon.” Sharing his intentions to keep playing, the former champion also admitted he thought he could still perform on the court despite the difficulties of competing at his age. “I still feel like I can compete at the highest level. It’s not easy obviously, physically it’s very challenging for me but winning matches like that is obviously very satisfying.” Murray next faces the winner of a clash between young stars Jannik Sinner and Alejandro Davidovich Fokina. The three-time Grand Slam champion beat the Italian world No 10 in their only previous meeting in Stockholm at the end of last season.