Ukraine's military shared footage claiming to show Turkish-armed drones performing strikes against Russian Army convoys. The aerial footage appears to have been taken by a Turkish-made Bayraktat TB2 drone as Ankara offered last week to support Kyiv's efforts against Russia's invasion. Chief of Ukraine's Air Force Lt. Gen. Mykola Oleshchuk confirmed the "life-giving" drones had been used in the strikes. In the footage, more than a dozen vehicles claimed to belong to a Russian convoy, can be seen being blown to pieces in the attack. According to Ukrainian forces, the video was filmed 60 miles out of Kyiv, in the city of Malyn. The Ukrainian Embassy also shared footage of the strike, writing: "Never a rose without a thorn. "Russian invaders have to put up with Bayratkar TB2s." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Turkey first despatched its drones to Ukraine in 2019, according to the Wall Street Journal. The drones are capable of withstanding up to 25 hosts in the air, with pilots controlling them from several hundred miles away. Blasts were heard before dawn on Monday in the capital of Kyiv and in the major city of Kharkiv, Ukrainian authorities said. But, Russian ground forces' attempts to capture major urban centres had been repelled, they added. Russia's defence ministry, however, said its forces had taken over the towns of Berdyansk and Enerhodar in Ukraine's southeastern Zaporizhzhya region as well as the area around the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant, Interfax reported. The plant's operations continued normally, it said. READ MORE: Over 360,000 people have fled war in Ukraine since Russia started invasion, says UN Ukraine denied that the nuclear plant had fallen into Russian hands, according to the news agency. Diplomatic manoeuvring continued with the Vatican joining efforts to end the conflict by offering to "facilitate dialogue" between Russia and Ukraine. Kyiv said negotiations with Moscow without preconditions would be held at the Belarusian-Ukrainian border. Russian news agency Tass cited an unidentified source as saying the talks would start on Monday morning. DON'T MISS: Malians burn EU flags as nation celebrates 'terrorist' France exit [REVEAL]Russian military morale in tatters as troops take to the bottle [ANALYSIS]VdL ignored AGAIN on world stage as Macron scrambles to save face [INSIGHT] Joe Biden will host a call with allies and partners on Monday to coordinate a united response, the White House said. The United States said Putin was escalating the war with "dangerous rhetoric" about Russia's nuclear posture, amid signs Russian forces were preparing to besiege major cities in the democratic country of about 44 million people. And on Monday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy asked the European Union to allow the country to gain membership under a special procedure immediately as it defends itself from invasion by Russian forces. He said: "Our goal is to be with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be equal. I'm sure that's fair. I am sure we deserve it."