Vinny Dingle (played by Bradley Johnson) and Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) decided to get hitched earlier this week without telling their families. The Emmerdale couple returned to the village on Thursday's instalment of the ITV soap and both wanted to keep their wedding a secret. However, will an overprotective Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) do everything in her power to break the couple up when she uncovers the truth?  Liv and Vinny have been trying to get their lives back on track following a turbulent few months, but Vinny's mum Mandy cannot help but interfere with their relationship. She has been worrying constantly ever since Vinny was kidnapped by the soap's serial killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) and Liv battled alcohol addiction. Determined to take their relationship to the next level, the lovers drove to a town called Daventry, in Northamptonshire, to tie the knot in secret. The newlyweds returned to Emmerdale during Thursday's double-bill, but they had to pretend they just had a few nights away in a hotel when Mandy asked where they had been. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers?  Before they arrived back in the village, Mandy was seriously concerned about where Vinny and Liv were. She was aware only Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) knew the truth, so she kept probing her for answers. Mandy pleaded: "Laurel, come on, I am his mum. Please, from one mum to another, this is not fair." However, Laurel snapped back: "I'll tell you what isn't fair, you putting pressure on me to break their confidence. "If they were underaged I would get it and I would have told you, but they are adults so can we just stop this now please?"  Desperate to find out the truth, Mandy "borrowed" Laurel's phone and noticed she had text messages from Liv but she could not read them as she did not know the passcode. Later on, Laurel realised her phone was missing and confronted Mandy about it. Mandy tearfully said: "Look Laurel, I am desperate, what if they are not okay and why am I the big bad ogre and why can't they be honest with me?" However, as she started breaking down Vinny drove past in a van and she started yelling at him in anger.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Kerry Wyatt betrays villain Al Chapman? [THEORY]Emmerdale backlash: Meena Jutla storyline sparks complaints [LATEST]'Overwhelming and a little bit daunting' Kelvin Fletcher on life move [UPDATE] When Mandy caught up with Vinny and Liv back at home he explained they just wanted to "get away for a bit" to a hotel. Mandy fumed: "Don't you ever slump off again without telling me." Vinny sarcastically replied: "It's not like we are adults is it?" A furious Mandy ended up storming out of the house in a rage, leaving the couple feeling downhearted.  After Mandy left, Vinny told Liv: "I'm not having her turn the happiest day of my life into the most miserable, I want to keep it a secret for as long as we can." But just how long will they be able to keep their marriage a secret with a prying Mandy nearby? When Mandy finds out the truth, will she do everything in her power to tear the couple apart so she has Vinny to herself again? Emmerdale currently airs weekdays on ITV at 7pm. 