Mackenzie (played by Lawrence Robb) finally made his relationship with Charity (Emma Atkins) official several weeks ago on Emmerdale but following the death of Ryan Stocks' (James Moore) adoptive mother, they once again hit a hurdle. After some petty bickering and the return of Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick), the pair have seemed back on track and the ITV soap troublemaker has jumped into authority over the Woolpack. At the moment, it seems his actions are benefiting his partner but he could be simply playing a poker face to ensure ultimate destruction. Despite Charity and Ryan being the landlady and landlord of the iconic establishment, being the former's boyfriend has made Mackenzie believe he has a right to say what happens. Therefore, in next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama, he decides to make some decisions that will affect the pub's future. The troublemaker turns to Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock), knowing the chef is in need of a job after failing to get back his shares in the pub. With the beloved villager having been trying to think about how he could make some money with his skills, he decides to hear Mackenzie out. By the end of their conversation, he has negotiated a great deal that will benefit him to return to the Woolpack as the head chef. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? It seems all parties will be happy with the result but it wouldn't actually be down to Mackenzie who gets the role and what deal they can have. This would be down to Charity and as the big day approaches for the pub's grand relaunch, she could find herself chefless. As Mackenzie has not gone through the proper channels to get Marlon onboard, the pub landlady's quarrel with her family members could mean she would be refusing to let her cousin work with her. Once again, furious with Charity for making everything about her, the father of two could storm out and leave his cousin in the lurch. The one person who could be happy to see all this animosity unfolding would be Mackenzie as this is what he was planning all along. Since Vanessa's return to the village and the way Charity treated him over the death of Ryan's adoptive mother, the troublemaker could have been plotting revenge. He knew by getting back together with his girlfriend, he could destroy her life from the inside out and this would have massive repercussions. As he has never been fully accepted by the Dingle family either, he could have worked up a way to get as many members of the clan involved with his plan. With the clan arguing and divisions clear, his mission would be in progress as he sits back and watches the fireworks. It has already been teased there is going to be more trouble for Charity as she goes head-to-head with another cousin, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). DON'T MISS...Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb clashes with husband Matthew over 'obsession' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mimi Slinger looks loved up in romantic snaps with HRVY [PICTURES] In upcoming scenes, the Woolpack and the Bed and Breakfast, which Chas will soon be in charge of, will put on a special event each on the same day. With the cousins in a bitter dispute about Charity becoming landlady of the pub, they go to war with one another as they sabotage each other's efforts. The culmination of their actions will lead to a huge row as the pair get into a catfight over who rules supreme. All hell will break loose as it is clear there is no way back for the warring clan and Mackenzie could be the rat they have yet to sneak out. With so much aggro, will anyone realise they are being pitted against each other by an unknown enemy or will they continue to create divisions between them? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, producer Laura Shaw teased the destruction of the Dingles. The soap boss said: "There is lots going on for the Dingles as we head into 2022. Two of our most loved Dingles are going to be facing huge life-changing situations that are going to have repercussions for the whole village. "The effects of this are going to be long-lasting over the course of 2022 and into 2023. "In the next few months, we'll see drama, joy, fun, laughter, agony, pain, grief and despair hit this family. "They will be pulled in a lot of directions and be at the heart of our very biggest stories this year," she added but could this be they are all victims of Mackenzie's devilish plans? The actor who plays Mackenzie, Lawrence, has spoken out on his character's relationship with Charity and explained how troublesome it is. Lawrence said: "I don’t think anyone really knows what’s going on between Charity and Mackenzie! This includes them, their relationship is so deliciously volatile, that it could turn on a dime at any minute. "Emma [Charity] has been fantastic, she always brings her A-game and could be one of the least egotistical actors I’ve ever worked with. "We bounce off of each other very well, constantly telling each other how we could try the scene differently, which in turn makes shooting with her a total blast." But could the couple be over before the year is out? Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.