Appearing alongside Crown Princess Mary, the Duchess of Cambridge appeared to crack a joke with Queen Margrethe II, 81, as they posed for photos in a hall at Christian IX's Palace in Copenhagen during Kate's two-day royal visit to Denmark. Walking into the hall on her second day of her trip on Wednesday, the Duchess of Cambridge can be heard saying how it is "nice" that they are allowed to stand next to one another. The comment was in reference to two-years of concerns over coronavirus, which has enforced social distancing on royal visits. But in a heartwarming moment, Kate appears to make a comment which gets the Danish Queen giggling. Despite being unclear what was said, the Duchess of Cambridge appears herself to be left in stitches by her own joke. JUST IN Kate & Princess Mary melt hearts as future Queens share touching moment with adoring kids On her first day of the whirlwind solo visit, Kate first headed to the University of Copenhagen, where she spoke to experts and researchers about the Copenhagen Infant Mental Health Project, a study helping health visitors identify young children at risk of adverse social and emotional development. READ MORE WATCH: Hilarious moment Kate Middleton's ride down Legoland slide almost ends in disaster Beaming in a red blazer in the hilarious video, the royal throws herself down a slide in her heels, emerging at the bottom of the slide with raised hands and letting off a joyous smile. But disaster nearly strikes she appears to shoot out the edge of the slide, almost flying off into a heap on the ground. Despite almost tumbling over, the Duchess managed to regain her balance with a smile and rode the near miss off in style. In a video of the incident, the Duchess can be seen bursting into hysterics following the near miss, telling a reporter: "You stood far enough away! In the spirit of where I am, I had to do it!" DON'T MISSThe future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can [INSIGHT] Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' [ANALYSIS] Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims [EXPERT] Following the visit to Lego, Kate noted: “My children are very jealous they weren’t coming to see the Lego Foundation. "They were like, ‘hang on, there’s Lego and we’re not coming?’” The Duchess of Cambridge is representing the Queen on the trip.