Natasha and her son Jacob appeared on a recent episode of The Dog House as they were matched with a timid chihuahua cross on the tear-jerking Channel 4 show. The duo travelled from their London home to Wood Green Animal Shelters, in Cambridgeshire, to be introduced to the pooch which was named Wingnut due to the size of his large ears. Since adopting the tiny hound, they have candidly opened up on why fostering made them want to permanently adopt a dog. Natasha recently spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her adoption journey with Wingnut, who she renamed Raffy. She explained: "I have always wanted a dog and I’ve always grown up around dogs and so has Jacob. "We have been helping friends out with their dogs and then we started fostering." Natasha was fostering two Jack Russells which she found difficult to part with before adopting Raffy. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute  "We knew they were our dogs, deep down, and they should have stayed but actually, we got them rehomed and we found them a gorgeous family," she admitted. "We broke down actually when we said goodbye to those dogs. "We broke down and for months afterwards we were thinking about [rescuing] and I reached out to my landlord and said, ‘Look we have been here a long time now, what do you think?’" "And they were happy for us to take on a dog," Natasha exclaimed.   She added: "Even growing up we took on rescues who had come from dangerous homes or been mistreated or abandoned and we’ve always been surrounded by these dogs who had come from these troubled backgrounds." Natasha said she personally felt rescuing dogs was better than buying a puppy, adding: "I didn’t want to go to a breeder, no disrespect, but I didn’t feel comfortable paying for a breed when there are so many special loving animals out there." During their episode of The Dog House, Jacob admitted he wanted to adopt a large breed, like a Siberian Husky, but his mum was hoping to take on a smaller dog. However, once they were introduced to Raffy they both formed an instant bond with the shy pooch and knew he was the one they wanted to bring home. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEO RY]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [INTERVIEW]'Very rude' BBC Breakfast star horrified by co-star's appearance jibe [MUST SEE]  Reflecting on her journey with Raffy, Natasha said: "Raffy is a lot larger than a chihuahua but you can still pick him up as he’s a manageable size. "It’s really sweet when Jacob comes home as Raffy gets really excited and jumps up and they play on the floor together. "When Jacob goes Raffy will still go into his bedroom to look for him." Jacob is currently studying away from home but he has a strong bond with the pup when he visits his mum.  "Raffy is hyper attached to me, so I can’t go anywhere without him following me," Natasha laughed. Although the timid pooch has settled into Natasha's home, he is still quite an anxious creature. She said: "You do have to be so patient with animals, especially those ones which suffer from anxiety or those who do have a particular past. "I know Raffy was loved, but he came to us very broken and he had a particular fear of dogs." The Dog House continues on Thursdays on Channel 4 at 8pm and previous episodes can be streamed on All 4. 