The Golos Zmin leader insisted Moscow had failed to understand Ukraine's commitment to defend itself and had been shown attempts to have a blitz war would fail. Ms Rudik insisted Ukrainian soldiers have been standing their ground over the past two days, undermining Vladimir Putin's bid to extend his clutches over his neighbour. Speaking to Sky News, she said: "I think Putin right now understood how he had underestimated the Ukraine and Ukrainians in their ability to fight back. "We have our army who is strategically kicking Putin's back. "And we have our resistance forces which I'm a part of who are fixing what went through the cracks of our army. "We still have a week or so to stand and fight for ourselves." Ms Rudik added: "Plus I'm very sure we will be fighting them and pushing them backwards." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG  Ukrainians have remained defiant in the face of Russia's attempts to take over the country, with many taking up arms to fight back against the invaders. The Ukrainian Government reported thousands of weapons have been distributed to civilians responding to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's call to arms. Kyiv residents have also been reported to have started preparing Molotov cocktails to use in the event of Russian soldiers breaching the capital's defence line. Expat Valeriya told Sky News: "All of our neighbours in the yard are now preparing Molotov cocktails. READ MORE: 'Putin is in TROUBLE!' Russia war is 'not going well' - horror from INSIDE Ukraine exposed "All drivers have donated the gasoline for it and we are prepared to meet the Russians here." According to several reporters covering the ongoing invasion from Kyiv reported on Friday radio stations had been sharing instructions on how to create the explosives to help residents prepare. Kyiv has been subjected to heavy shelling since Putin's "special operation" began on Thursday, with residential areas also targeted despite Moscow's claims no civilian building would be hit. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy issued a chilling warning to the world about Russia, stating: "This is the night they will storm". DON'T MISS:‘Tank wars in Europe are over!’ Embarrassing footage of Boris Johnson[OPINION]Chernobyl: Kremlin tried to deflect blame for disaster onto CIA[ANALYSIS]Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support[INSIGHT] Boris Johnson said he would be bringing forward measures "imminently", while the White House and Brussels said they will freeze the assets of the two Russians. The UK said that it was also extending a ban on Aeroflot flights to cover Russian private jets favoured by Moscow's oligarchs. Russia used its veto to block a motion calling for Moscow to cease the attack and withdraw its troops during a special session of the United Nations Security Council on Frida. British ambassador Dame Barbara Woodward called the veto "absurd" and said Russia was "isolated", adding: "History will record how we voted today and which countries stood up to be counted in defence of the Charter and the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine."