Cinnamon is a wonderful flavour addition to cookies, cakes, and any number of other foods, but to gardeners, it’s so much more. This versatile spice can be used to help root cuttings, to prevent fungus from killing small seedlings, and even for keeping pests away from a home. Once houseplant owners learn how to use cinnamon powder for plant health, they’ll think twice about grabbing harsh chemicals for their gardening needs. Houseplant experts at Gardening Know How have shared the amazing benefits for using cinnamon on plants. They said: “The benefits of cinnamon on plants is widespread and you may end up reaching for the spice almost daily.” Here are some of the most common uses of cinnamon on indoor plants. Cinnamon as a rooting agent is as useful as willow water or hormone rooting powder. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows The experts said: “A single application to the stem when you plant the cutting will stimulate root growth in almost every plant variety. “Give your cuttings a quick start with the help of cinnamon powder. “Pour a spoonful onto a paper towel and roll the damp stem ends in the cinnamon.” It’s important to plant the stems in fresh potting soil. DON'T MISS:Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] The addition of cinnamon will encourage the stem to produce more roots, while helping to prevent the fungus that causes damping-off disease. For those who have a problem with ants in their homes or greenhouse, cinnamon is a good deterrent. Ants don’t like to walk where cinnamon powder lays, so summer ant problems will be decreased. The experts said: “Use cinnamon for pests inside and outside your house. “Find their entryway and sprinkle cinnamon powder in the path.” Cinnamon won’t kill the ants in the home, but it will help to keep them from coming inside. Damping off disease is a fungus-based problem that hits small seedlings just as they begin to grow. Cinnamon will help prevent this problem by killing the fungus. It also works with other fungal problems exhibited on older plants, such as slime mould and with deterring mushrooms in planters. The experts said: “Take advantage of cinnamon fungicide control by making a cinnamon spray for plants. “Stir some cinnamon into warm water and allow it to steep overnight. “Strain the liquid through a coffee filter and put the results into a spray bottle.” The houseplant owners can spray the stems and leaves of their affected plants and mist the potting soil in plants that have a mushroom problem.