The Good Karma Hospital had been missing from ITV for the past two years due to the coronavirus pandemic causing issues with filming. So when the drama did return last month for season four, fans couldn't wait to find out what was going on with the team in beautiful Bali. WARNING This article contains spoilers from The Good Karma Hospital.When The Good Karma Hospital was last on, Ruby Walker (played by Amrita Acharia) was left devastated by the departure of Gabriel Varma (James Krishna Floyd). There had been a will-they, won't-they storyline going for the previous three seasons so viewers were thrilled to see them actually get together. However, it didn't last too long as at the end of season four episode six, Gabriel appeared to have left the island for good. He didn't even say goodbye to Ruby, only leaving a note for her saying he was sorry and a single rose. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Meena Jutla escapes prison with help from villager? When The Good Karma Hospital, it was clear Ruby was still heartbroken at Gabriel leaving. Nevertheless, she was trying to move on and forget about the man she thought was the love of her life. This was until episode five which aired on Sunday, February 20, where Gabriel returned, much to Ruby and fans' shock. He insists on helping Ruby look after her ill father but can she really trust him? The Good Karma Hospital season four will conclude on Sunday, February 27, on ITV. While the end is near for the fourth series, there has been no confirmation on if the drama will be returning for more episodes. The Good Karma Hospital hasn't yet been renewed for season five so its future is unclear. But writer Dan Sefton did speak to press, including Express.co.uk, about more seasons being possible if it's what the fans want. DON'T MISS...Amanda Redman opens up on relationships with co-stars [CAST]The Good Karma Hospital star details 'relief' on series return  [EXPLAINER]Good Karma Hospital star details difficult scene with co-star [EXPLAINER] Sefton explained: "No clue, no clue. These shows always get to an interesting place, we know what the show is and from a creative point of you, once you know that, you keep going as long as people are enjoying watching it and the people who pay the money are happy to put their hands in their pockets. "I think that's the situation we are in...the show has a loyal fanbase which we're hugely appreciative of and as long as people want to watch it, I think it will be made. "I think we'll continue to evolve it gradually as seasons go by but we don't need to reinvent everything, I think that's the trick with TV, it needs to be a slow evolution. "New characters come, favourite characters move on and if the show is strong, if the tone of the show is strong and we know what it is, it can grow with that and get better and better. "I think this is the case with this show, it has the potential to keep going and to continue to be entertaining because that's the ultimate goal." The Good Karma Hospital series four will end with Lydia Fonseca (Amanda Redman) and Greg McDonnell's (Neil Morrissey) wedding not exactly going to plan. The synopsis reads: "Lydia and Greg’s wedding plans are upset by three emergency admissions. "Greg wonders if disappearing to help her patients is a ploy and in truth, Lydia has cold feet. Will they tie the knot?" The Good Karma Hospital season 4 concludes on Sunday, February 27, at 9pm on ITV.