Arsenal captain Alexandre Lacazette has warned his young side about complacency despite helping Arsenal beat Wolves 2-1 on Thursday, playing a big role in a dramatic 96th-minute winner at the Emirates. But the Frenchman is wary of the inexperience in Mikel Arteta's team. Arsenal fell behind early against Wolves, with Hwang Hee-chan capitalising on a bad mistake from Gabriel. Wolves held on until the 82nd minute before substitute Nicolas Pepe scored a well-taken equaliser for the hosts. And deep into second-half stoppage time, Lacazette's scuffed shot was parried into his own goal by Wolves goalkeeper Jose Sa. That cued wild celebrations on the red side of north London as the Gunners hunt down fourth spot. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta issues top four warning to Man Utd after last-gasp Wolves win  Arsenal are now fifth in the Premier League, just one point behind Manchester United in fourth with two games in hand. Lacazette knows the importance of the victory, telling Amazon Prime Video: "I feel really happy. It's amazing to win this kind of game in the last minute, last second like this. "We really wanted to win today because we know it's important to be on top in the table. "So after conceding the first goal it was a hard game but we didn't give up until the end and this is good for the team." DON'T MISSTottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger [REPORT]Arsenal snatch late Wolves win: Five things we learned as Gunners secure victory [OPINION]Cristiano Ronaldo's reaction to Anthony Elanga's Man Utd goal is brilliant to watch [PICTURES]  However, Lacazette admits the youthfulness of the Arsenal team can see a sudden drop in their belief. He says they must continue to put in the hard yards to prevent that from happening "It gives us a lot of confidence but as well we have a young team so the confidence can drop really quick," the striker added. "So that's why we have to keep working every day in training sessions. "We trust the coach for this and we listen to him every day.  "So we hope at the end of the season we're going to finish top four." Lacazette still hasn't scored a goal since Boxing Day but was not too upset that the goal didn't go down as his own. He continued: "Of course I want to score. More important is to win, to help the team-mates be better. "We had a difficult January, I think we are coming back better now in February. We want to do the same now until the end of the season. "Nico [Pepe] gave me a good ball. There was a bit of energy left in my body and with a bit of luck it went in. "So I'm happy, we have the three points. A bit sad it's not for me but we keep going." 