TV property expert Phil Spencer and finance pro Chris Ducker have discussed more ways to deal with estate agents. When buyers have found their dream home, they’re often tempted to make an offer straight away to take the property off the market. However, Phil warned that buyers need to be careful when it comes to making an offer, especially when it comes to how an offer is communicated. So what should buyers do when they’re ready to make an offer? Chris asked Phil: “How do we do it? “Is it just a matter of just calling up our estate agent saying ‘hey, you know what we'll take that place for a quarter of a mil’ or whatever it is. “What should we do and what should we not do?” READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould Phil said there is “no harm” in calling up the estate agent but that putting the offer in writing is also key. He said: “You should call up the estate and have a discussion. “But you should always put that in writing. Always, always, always, always. “Personally, I prefer, if time allows, to get it in writing and then followed up with a discussion.” DON'T MISSShower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [INSIGHT]When to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [UPDATE]Bicarbonate of soda and lemon hack to remove limescale from taps  [ANALYSIS] Phil said the reason for this is because he wants there to be a “paper trail”. He continued: “I don't want there to be any room for misunderstanding. “Agents love to do business on the phone, they'll ring you up, you're getting a coffee or you're in the middle of lunch and they're trying to engage you in a conversation. “They don't write down the notes of the conversation and neither do you and then it's too easy [to think], ‘really, did you say that? I didn't understand that’.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Phil said the business of buying a house needs to be taken seriously. He continued: “You’re talking about hundreds of thousands of pounds. “It's a business transaction so treat it as such, get it in writing.” When it comes to putting an offer in writing, many buyers might not know what to say.  Phil suggested writing the exact amount that the buyer is prepared to spend and why and how they came to that figure. Other things to mention include who the solicitor is, how the buyer is going to fund the purchase, the amount of cash deposit they have and who the lender is going to be if that’s pre-agreed. Writing all this down will show that a buyer is “serious”. Phil added: “It’s demonstrating that you’re a serious person, this is a serious deal and you're organised and you are able to do what you say you're going to do.”