On Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he would recognise the Ukrainian regions of Donetsk and Luhansk as independent states. Russia soon gave the green light for soldiers to move into these territories on what it describes as “peacekeeping” missions, something the West has strongly condemned. Mr Putin’s decision has so far been met with retaliatory measures from a number of countries, including the UK, US, Germany, as well as the European Union (EU). These have all opted to impose sanctions aimed at damaging Russia’s economy. Should Russia continue on its path of aggression towards Ukraine, further penalties have been threatened. So, what sanctions have been imposed so far? Who do they affect?  READ MORE: PM unleashes 'first barrage' of sanctions as Ukraine crisis deepens On Tuesday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson revealed to MPs that the UK would be imposing sanctions against five Russian banks and three billionaires. The banks concerned are Bank Rossiya, the Black Sea Bank, IS Bank, Genbank and Promsvyazbank. All of these have had their UK assets frozen with immediate effect for helping to fund the Russian occupation in eastern Ukraine.  Meanwhile, the three billionaires have been named as Gennady Timchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg. Deemed as close associates to the Kremlin, the trio have had their UK assets frozen and are banned from travelling to the British Isles. The Government has also said it will sanction those members of the Russian Duma (parliament) and Federation Council who voted to recognise the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk in "flagrant violation of Ukraine’s territorial sovereignty". These measures will be similar to those already imposed on the three billionaires, but could take weeks to enforce as new legislation will be required.  DON'T MISS: Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin  [EXPLAINED]How Nicola Sturgeon wants UK to keep forking out AFTER independence [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: Farage issues warning to Leave voters [LIVE] On Tuesday evening, US President Joe Biden revealed the "first tranche" of sanctions that the US will be imposing against Russia. Mr Biden warned Moscow these will become tougher should Mr Putin continue to undermine Ukraine’s sovereignty. The latest sanctions target Russia's VEB bank and the country's military bank, Promsvyazbank, which does defence deals.  Sanctions are also being applied to Russia's sovereign debt. Mr Biden said that tomorrow and in the coming days, he would impose sanctions on Russian oligarchs and their families. He said: "We have cut off Russia's Government from Western financing. It can no longer raise money from the West.” And the US leader said he had authorised the movement of additional American forces and equipment to bolster Baltic states in response to Russia's activity in eastern Ukraine. Germany’s Chancellor Olaf Scholz has announced that his country has taken steps to halt the process of certifying the Nord Stream Two gas pipeline from Russia to Germany. The pipeline took five years to build and cost $11bn (£8bn). The EU has agreed sanctions on Russia that will blacklist more politicians, lawmakers and officials, ban EU investors from trading in Russian state bonds, and target imports and exports with separatist entities. The measures were unanimously agreed by EU member states on Tuesday. 