The Netflix documentary has been making waves since it dropped on February 2. It revealed the shocking story of three women that were tricked into giving away thousands of dollars through Tinder dates. Simon Leviev, whose real name is Shimon Hayut, was the focus of the film, but has finally hit back at it. He claims “I’m not a fraud and I’m not fake” in a dramatic new interview, his first since the documentary was released. The full amount of money he is alleged to have gained through scams is $10 million. He accuses the Netflix hit of being “completely made-up,” despite making references to his alleged actions in the film when creating Cameo videos for followers. The clip gives fans of the documentary a chance to hear his side of the argument for the first time.   In a teaser for the full interview with Inside Edition, Hayut says: “I was just a single guy, looking to meet some girls on Tinder… I am not a Tinder Swindler.”  He is joined by his girlfriend in the interview, who will explain why she has stayed by his side through all the controversy. READ MORE: Freddie Mercury girlfriend Mary Austin: Does Mary own Freddie's house? In another clip shared by Entertainment Weekly, he says: "They present it as a documentary but in truth, it's like a complete made-up movie." He goes on to say: “I’m the biggest gentleman in the world and they call me the Tinder Swindler. I’m not a fraud and I’m not a fake, people don’t know me so they cannot judge me.”  Hayut was previously convicted of fraud, theft, and forgery and sentenced to 15 months in prison back in December 2019. He was released after just five months and has since been banned from Tinder after Netflix dropped the doc. In a statement to Variety, Tinder said: "We have conducted internal investigations and can confirm Simon Leviev is no longer active on Tinder under any of his known aliases.”  It is alleged Hayut disguised himself under different aliases on the app. Commonly known as Leviev, it is claimed he said he was the son of Israeli billionaire and diamond oligarch Lev Leviev. He added that he works in dangerous diamond mines. DON'T MISS...John Lennon letter calls McCartney an 'INSANE c**t' and BLAMES Linda [INSIGHT]Spider-Man: No Way Home writers address film’s biggest plot hole [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton's Daphne star Phoebe Dynevor lands new role [INSIGHT] Following the success of the documentary, Hayut is set to capitalise on it. He is heading to Hollywood and has already signed with talent manager, Gina Rodriguez of Gitoni Inc, according to Entertainment Tonight.  He is hoping to find success in the entertainment industry and build on his Instagram and Cameo fanbase. ET adds he is "looking into a potential podcast, hosting a dating show, and/or writing a book."  Hayut is yet to address these claims, but he will likely reveal all when the full interview drops in the coming days. The complete conversation will be aired on Inside Edition on February 21 or February 22.