A Guiding Hand, a report published by the Social Market think tank (SMF) analysis shows those nearing retirement will fail to achieve the quality of life they expect because they have not saved enough through their working lives. Workers aged 50-64 expect to achieve an annual income of £23,000 in retirement, meaning a total pension pot of £420,000 is needed, according to the analysis. But two-thirds have no idea what savings to set aside, and will on average be an eye-watering £242,546 under budget. Millions of upcoming retirees living in London easily face the biggest shortfall, reaching the milestone with a mammoth average of £347,708 less than required for a comfortable lifestyle. In England, those living in the North and Midlands are closer to attaining the income they need because of the cheaper cost of living in these areas. London is followed in the list by the South East (£265,273 under the required amount); North East (£236,640); Yorkshire and the Humber (£226,719); (West Midlands (£223.521). Completing the list for England is the East (£221,682); South West (£221,199) and North West (£212,532). For the remainder of the UK, in Wales there is a pension shortfall of £279,113), followed by (272,629) Northern Ireland and Scotland (£222,523). In addition, four in five older workers have never spoken to a financial adviser about their pension, according to the report by the think tank, but a quarter of those who have received professional advice had decided to increase the amount they contribute to their pension. Separately, a single person would need to earn an annual income of £33,600, including the state pension, just to lead a “comfortable life”, according trade body the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association SMF research director Scott Corfe said: “The blunt truth about pensions is that many people don’t know enough to make the decisions that would give them the retirement they want. Poor information will mean poor outcomes for too many people. READ MORE: Green MP erupts as Hoyle blasts her over 'Russian interference' "There is a serious gap in the provision of advice and guidance around pensions, and that gap leads to real financial harm. "Lacking an accurate understanding of what they will need for the retirement they want means some people will not save enough, and end up disappointed. "Not fully understanding their options on the way they use their pension savings in retirement means that some people will not make the best use of that money." Andy Curran, CEO Savings and Retirement in the UK and Europe at long-term savings and retirement business Phoenix Group, said: “The reality is the majority of people have to navigate the complexities of pensions on their own. DON'T MISSAlmost 700 drivers caught by camera in first week [REPORT]Have your say: Is Britain free after Brexit? [REACTION]Ian Blackford left fuming as Boris mocks SNP's Russia Today links [VIDEO] "SMF’s report identifies the cost of the huge Guidance Gap and how millions of savers could be substantially better off if this gap was closed. "While regulated financial advice sets a ‘gold standard’ for helping people, it is not likely to be the solution for the vast majority. "Even the Government’s free Pension Wise service is limited in its scope.” SMF/Opinium surveyed 2,011 UK adults aged 50-64 with a pension, between November-December 2021.