Angela Scanlon of The One Show received more than 15,000 likes in less than an hour after she unveiled her new baby - and its strikingly unusual name - on Instagram. The highly-rated presenter welcomed her second child with husband Roy Horgan in the same month that their older daughter Ruby turned four - and fans couldn't wait to catch a glimpse of the new arrival. The 38-year-old posted a photo of little Marnie clinging to her chest as a newborn in view of her 238,000 followers, and the tributes came pouring in. "Marnie Fae Horgan 11.2.22," she wrote proudly alongside the image. "Chapped lips & chapped nips can only mean one thing… our little woman has arrived!! We are besotted x" Admiring fans crowned her a "little beauty" who was "absolutely perfect". READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Meanwhile a string of fellow celebrities also flocked to the post to add their well wishes towards the latest arrival. "Yayyyyyyyyyyy!" congratulated fellow presenter Stacey Dooley. "CONGRATULATIONS!!!" an excited Daniella Moyles chimed in. "I’m beaming for you, another beautiful little lady. Let the snuggle bubble commence. Sending all the love mama." Zoe Ball praised: "Ahhhh gorgeous news at last. congratulations mama lady." Countryfile star Julia Bradbury took time out during her breast cancer recovery to add: "Congrats lovely! What a beautiful photo X" Meanwhile fans commented on the unique choice of name, which they "don't hear too often these days". Curious followers are fortunate that Angela has chosen to share her joy after the birth, as she felt fiercely "protective" and "private" the first time around when it came to Ruby. DON'T MISS: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST] Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil [INSIGHT] David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' [DEBATE]  "I don’t share my family [usually]," she had adamantly explained to the Irish Independent while pregnant with Marnie. "I just feel quite protective, I suppose, because once you open that box, it’s open. I don’t think that it’s mine to open. "It’s just a decision we made early on beforehand that we weren’t going to show [Ruby's] little mug.” However, having come from a family of four of herself, she has never made a secret of her desire to ensure her first-born was not an only child. "I came from a really busy household, and I really wanted for Ruby to have a sibling [too]," she explained, adding that the prospect "excited" her. She is conscientious about presenting a realistic version of what she experiences when it comes to creating social media posts. “I think it’s really damaging, actually, the Instagram version of motherhood," she added. "The reality of being a brand new mother is hard... I think it’s important to remember that and speak about that."