Many people took to social media to ask what was happening after spotting the four planes moving at high speed above several counties in the Midlands, including Lincolnshire, Leicestershire, Warwickshire and Worcestershire. Some feared they were in active duty following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Today the RAF confirmed the jets were conducting a joint military training operation, called Exercise Red Flag. They had left from RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire in the afternoon for the exercise, which is routine and aims to familiarise British, American and Australian pilots with what it is like to experience ground-to-air attacks while in flight. A spokesperson from the RAF said: "RAF Typhoons 41 Squadron, RAF Coningsby, were completing routine pilot training on the South Coast of England yesterday." Among those sharing images and their concerns yesterday was a man from Warwickshire who wrote "What's this? Four in close formation, heading over Warwickshire atm."Another Twitter user shared: "Anyone else just spotted what looked like RAF jets flying over Leicester centre???" A third posted: "We just saw over Worcestershire five mins ago. Strange."  As Gloucestershire Live reports, Exercise Red Flag has been run as an annual joint training exercise between British and American air forces since 1977, when research into the American loss of more than 1,700 planes in Vietnam showed the majority of took place during a pilot's first ten sorties. Pilots are put through simulations of various real-world combat situations, such as facing ground fire, an enemy aerial assault, as well as potential cyber attack. British forces have, this week, flown east to bolster their European NATO allies. There are currently four RAF Typhoon fighter jets based in the Cyprus RAF base Akrotiri as part of wider UK air policing missions across the area. Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said of the deployment: "Our armed forces are once again being called upon in the service of our nation and I salute the bravery and sense of duty shared by all our personnel who have been deployed to support NATO. "Alongside our NATO Allies, these deployments constitute a credible deterrent to stop Russian aggression threatening the territorial sovereignty of member states." 