Michael, 79, is the first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II and grandson of King George V and Queen Mary. At his time of birth, the Prince was eighth in line to the throne ‒ now he is 52nd. The Prince was forced to give up his place in line to the throne when he married German divorcèe, Baroness Marie Christine von Reibnitz, a Catholic who is now known as Princess Michael of Kent, a highly controversial member of the royal family recognised for her glamour and outspoken ways. However, Michael’s place in the succession was reinstated in 2015 after the Succession to the Crown Act changed the rules. The elderly royal was the subject of a Sunday Times and Channel 4 investigation last year into allegations he was cosy with Vladimir Putin’s regime. Prince and Princess Michael earned a reputation for always looking to make “a quick buck” and have been known as the “Rent-A-Kents”. Speaking on the Channel 5 documentary, 'Princess Michael: The Controversial Royal', Dr. Chandrika Kaul, a Historian at University of St Andrews said: “There was a common perception that they were ‘available for hire’, that they were perceived to be always sort of looking to make a quick buck.” “They were not on the civil list, they were not being supported by the Queen and… they had to earn a living.” In May 2021, Prince Michael faced new allegations of being a ‘Rent-a-Kent’ when it was reported that he could be hired for £10,000 a day to promote businesses to Russia’s President Vladimir Putin and his inner circle. Undercover reporters from the Sunday Times and Channel 4 Dispatches were investigating the Prince and the Marquess of Reading’s connections with the ‘notorious’ regime of Russia’s leader. Prince Michael said he would be “very happy” to work with the fictitious company, named the House of Haedong, which was seeking contacts in the Kremlin to further its business in Russia. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Marquess described Prince Michael as “Her Majesty’s unofficial ambassador to Russia” and said he was able to meet with Putin. According to the Royal Family website, the Prince’s connections to Russia stem from “his maternal grandmother”. It added that he has a “strong interest in the country” and became the “first member of the Royal Family to learn Russian”. The Queen’s cousin was given one of the Kremlin’s highest honours, the Order of Friendship for his work on Anglo-Russian relations. At the time of the investigation, Simon Astaire, Prince Michael’s spokesman denied the allegations and told Express.co.uk: "Prince Michael has long-established business, charitable and cultural connections with Russia and is proud of all the work he has done for UK-Russia trade. "Prince Michael has no special relationship with President Putin. They last met in 2003 and he has had no contact with him or his office since then. "Lord Reading is a good friend, who made suggestions which Prince Michael would not have wanted, or been able, to fulfil. “Prince Michael has never represented BP, in Russia or elsewhere.” On February 24th, Russian troops entered Ukraine after President Vladimir Putin announced a "special military operation". Russia has faced a number of sanctions from Ukraine’s Western allies since it launched a full-scale invasion. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge issued a personal message following Moscow’s attack on Kyiv, they wrote: “Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future." Meghan Markle and Prince Harry also showed their support for Ukraine in a statement posted to their Archewell website on Thursday. It said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same."