The SNP is putting plans in motion to hold another independence referendum before the end of 2023 - nine years after the first disastrous vote that saw Scots detail the party's plan for Scotland. Scotland's ruling party and the Scottish Greens are now drawing up and publishing a joint Government prospectus on independence that will be put to Scots in 2023 as part of a move to hold a new referendum next year. Independence could cost the country hundreds of billions of pounds as part of taking on a percentage of the UK's huge national debt, while various assets and liabilities would also needed to be divided, a political expert has warned. First Minister Ms Sturgeon has expressed her wish for Scotland to one day even rejoin the European Union, with suggestions the nation could even adopt the Euro as its sole currency as an independent country. Ben-Harris Quinney, chairman of the Bow Group think tank, warned Scotland, which had an economy worth £151billion in 2020, "would likely be poorer than countries like Romania or the Czech Republic", as an individual nation. In 2020, Romania was only the 18th richest European country with its economy valued at £182billion, contracting by just 3.9 percent and recovering strongly at 6.5 percent in the first half of 2021. But in October 2021, the World Bank warned: "The fiscal deficit surged to 9.2 percent of GDP at the end of 2020 and will remain high in 2021. "Given Romania’s limited fiscal space, maximal absorption of the EU Multiannual Financial Framework and Next Generation EU funds will be crucial to a sustainable recovery." Mr Harris-Quinney told Express.co.uk: "The costs of Scotland having its own currency, splitting assets, and having a trade border with the UK is impossible to predict with any specific accuracy because the variables are too great. "It is likely however that the costs of these shifts to the Scottish economy will be very high. READ MORE: Ukraine's air force pilot hailed as hero after downing 10 Russia plane "Scotland, separated from the UK, is a relatively poor country based on its economic performance. "Twenty percent of Scottish citizens are considered to be living in poverty, and its total national economy of £150 billion is worth less than a quarter of London's economy. "As an individual nation it would likely be poorer than countries like Romania or the Czech Republic." The political expert also warned Scotland could be left footing a bill worth hundreds of billions of pounds if it decides to become an independent country, as it would have to take on a large chunk of the UK high national debt. DON'T MISS'Global Britain working well!' UK leading the world as Truss steps up [BLOG]Russia war threats EXPLODE as Putin vows to battle Finland and Sweden [REPORT]Putin reeling as hackers claim to breach FOUR major Russian bodies [LATEST] While the UK is set to pay the EU nearly £40billion over a number of years as part of a Brexit divorce settlement, Scotland could be left footing a much higher bill. Mr Harris-Quinney further warned: "Scotland has a significant share of UK national debt, and there are several major UK assets in Scottish territory like North Sea oil and gas, military bases, and Crown territory. "At a minimum there would have to be a negotiation on ownership of property and payments in either direction to unbind these areas. "Scotland would likely want to keep tariff free trade with the UK, and a liberal border arrangement with the UK. "It would rely heavily on imported goods, the majority of which coming from the UK initially, and perhaps for the foreseeable future. He added: "The SNP has previously suggested the share of national debt would be calculated on a per capita basis, which would mean Scotland would owe the UK £205 billion on core national debt, and potentially £380 billion on total liabilities. "That would place Scottish debt to the UK at either 137 percent of GDP or 251 percent of GDP, which would leave Scotland roughly where Greece is in terms of national debt as a starting point."