Vladimir Putin ordered troops into Ukraine in the early hours of this morning in a “special military operation”. Russian forces have entered the country through Belarus, Russian-backed separatist regions and Crimea, which it took in 2014.  Responding to the invasion, the US President announced in a press briefing this afternoon a raft of economic sanctions against Russia. New measures will expand existing rules that companies making products overseas using US tools need a license from the country’s Commerce Department before shipping them to Russia. The department would now deny almost all those license requests. Noting that the sanctions had been enacted in concert with allies around the world, including the UK, Mr Biden said: “We estimate that we will cut off more than half of Russia's high tech imports.”  READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement He added that Mr Putin’s military intervention “will end up costing Russia dearly”. When taking questions from journalists on the invasion of Ukraine and the package of sanctions he had announced, on two occasions Mr Biden appeared to smile and laugh. The US President seemed to be reacting to the clamour with which the reporters were trying to voice their questions. Some continued to shout their questions when Mr Biden only took one question per reporter, and would not take follow-ups.  He also would not comment on whether he was seeking to enlist the help of China to punish Russia for its actions. At one point during the press conference, he said he could not hear what was being asked because of the questions being hurled at him. Asked if he was concerned that Mr Putin may seek to go further into other countries, Mr Biden said: “If he did move into NATO countries, we would be involved. “The only thing I’m convinced of is if we don’t stop [Putin] now, he will be emboldened.  DON'T MISS Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT] Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [POLL] Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO [REPORT] “If we don’t move against him now with these significant sanctions, he will be emboldened.” Responding to the scenes, pro-Brexit commentator Darren Grimes said: “I’m not sure this is a time for banter. “Can you imagine if Trump held a press conference like this and laughed during it? The howls of condemnation would be heard across the Twittersphere. “This President is past his sell-by date.”  In the briefing, Mr Biden described Russia’s intervention in Ukraine as a “premeditated attack”. He added: “Putin is the aggressor. Putin chose this war. And now he and his country will bear the consequences.”  Asked if sanctioning Mr Putin himself remained an option, Mr Biden said: “It’s not a bluff; it’s on the table.” However, he chose not reply to a question about why such a sanction had not been included in the set announced today (Thursday). 