Holly Willoughby, 41, sparked concern from fans when she shared a photograph of ITV’s female presenters to mark International Women’s Day. The shoot included Holly as well as Loose Women’s Ruth Langsford, Good Morning Britain’s Kate Garraway and Lorraine Kelly. Holly captioned the post in view of her 7.6 million followers: “Daytime x International Woman’s Day. “After two years apart this felt incredible.” However, fans were quick to notice that Loose Women panellist Stacey was absent from the shot. Hundreds of worried users took to the comments to ask where she was and whether she is ok. READ MORE:Amanda Holden dazzles at star-studded 51st birthday bash Neil questioned: “Where is Stacey Solomon though? Is she ok?” Tina echoed: “Why no Stacey?” Cheryl said: “Carol? Stacey? Judi?” And Georgina added: “Lovely photo but you're missing one of the best women that is Stacey Solomon then it would be complete.” Stacey has appeared on Loose Women since 2016 and has become a fan-favourite on the panel. On Saturday evening, a spokesperson for Loose Women confirmed to The Sun that Stacey was still on maternity leave when the photoshoot took place. The former X-Factor star welcomed baby Rose in October and has been off TV screens for months while she stayed home with partner Joe Swash and children, Rex, two, Zachary, 13, and Leighton, nine. Loose Women finally revealed when she will be back during Friday’s instalment of the lunchtime show. DON'T MISS‘Brought together for a reason’ Prince Harry pays tribute to Meghan[LATEST]'Never had contract withdrawn' Richard Madeley hits back at GMB uproar[INSIGHT]Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil[NEWS] Sharing the exciting news, presenter Kaye Adams said: "Stacey's back next week. We cannot wait to have her back here on the panel. “You two, Nadia and Linda, went off to see her yesterday. How is she doing?" Nadia described the visit as "a bit of heaven" and Linda admitted it was nice to meet baby Rose for the first time. The actress gushed: "It was so lovely, it was so nice. I haven't met Rose yet so it was the first time I met her and she's absolutely adorable." "Oh my god look at her! We were there an hour!" Nadia shared as they showed a sweet photo of the four of them.