Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, is a well-documented fan of the sapphire, wearing the stunning blue gem often. This includes a pair of earrings featuring an diamonds, an enormous sapphire and a link to the Queen Mother. Kate wore the gems to the 'Together at Christmas' community carol service at Westminster Abbey on December 8 last year. The Duchess has also worn the pair at a state dinner to welcome former US President Donald Trump to the country in June 2019. Prestige Pawnbrokers Gemologist and Senior Appraiser Alexandra Michell has been with Prestige Pawnbrokers since 2016, and her background is in jewellery and, graduating as a gemmologist from Gemological Institute of America. The expert jeweller from Channel 4's Posh Pawn's Prestige Pawn Brokers discussed the piece in more detail. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's 'laminated' brows: Has Duchess opted for next big eyebrow beauty trend? Little is known on history for these earrings, only that they belonged to the Queen Mother who only wore them occasionally. When they were passed down to her daughter, Queen Elizabeth II, they did not make an appearance until they were loaned to the Duchess of Cambridge, and Kate has worn them often. These complement Kate’s engagement ring, also a sapphire and diamond cluster, especially when the occasion calls for something regal and extravagant. It is believed that originally, they came from the Queen Mother’s wedding gift from Queen Mary, her mother-in-law, on the 23 April 1923; a sapphire and diamond suite. DON'T MISSKate Middleton's 'subtle nod' to Prince William's past [STYLE] Prince Harry 'may have had some whitening treatment' on his teeth [ROYAL] Meghan Markle-inspired tattoos 'most requested' look [INSIGHT] This stunning array of gifts consisted of a brooch, bracelet, and an imposing necklace. The earrings were not seen until the 1960s, and so it could be supposed that the Queen Mother re-purposed two sapphire and diamond clusters from the suite’s necklace. If the earrings had come from recycling her necklace, the Queen Mother had them designed in a fitting (to the year she was married) Art-Deco style. The earrings are made-up of large round single diamonds at the top, which could weigh up to 1ct each, followed by a row of mixed cut diamonds. Below these are the clusters of oval or cushion cut sapphires (possibly weighing an impressive 15cts each) encircled by diamonds which are befringed by five successions of baguette cut diamonds. Each of these are finally capped with graduated round stones, the entirety of which is rub-over set in platinum. When these are worn, they must surely be show-stoppers. The cascades of diamonds, each catching the light at a different time with every movement of the head, paired with the large, and strongly saturated deep blue of the sapphires would certainly catch everyone’s attention. Should these ever become available, there would be much global interest and they would expect fetch well over £1,000,000. If you are looking for something a little Art-Deco and with a lot of flair, then this Cartier Bombe ring will be just right. In last week's collumn Alexandra Michell made the shock revelation a pair of Kate's diamond and sapphire earrings were not once Princess Diana's as often reported. Making a regular appearance in Kate’s wardrobe is a captivating pair of diamond and sapphire cluster earrings, a gift from her husband William to match her engagement ring.