Former Chelsea star Florent Malouda has warned the Blues not to take Champions League opponents Lille lightly tonight despite their poor league position - and has named four stars for the Blues to watch out for as they look to avoid a potential banana skin in their efforts to retain their crown.  Malouda joined Chelsea in July 2007 as a 27-year-old from Lyon for a fee of around £13million. The Frenchman had looked set to join rivals Liverpool, but Roman Abramovich swooped in to ensure he would be playing in the royal blue. Malouda instantly took to life in west London, helping the Blues reach a Champions League final in his first season, although they ultimately lost to Manchester United. He was a hit in his time at Stamford Bridge, scoring 45 goals in 228 games as he won a Premier League, Champions League and three FA Cup titles in six years. But it is the current crop of players who will be looking to build on what Malouda did in 2012 and what they themselves did last year by winning the Champions League once more. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  Chelsea beat Manchester City in last year's final in Porto to lift their second title in 10 years. And they continue their defence of the trophy against Lille on Tuesday evening - with Malouda pointing out four players who could cause Thomas Tuchel a problem. "I think his fitness is in doubt, but Renato Sanches is the talent in this team. He brings the energy to the team," Malouda told Genting Casino. "Then you have some experienced players like Burak Yilmaz, who is a player that knows the Champions League and is always dangerous. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesArsenal captain Alexandre Lacazette trolls Ivan Toney after getting Brentford revenge  "They have a young forward called Jonathan David who has scored three goals in the tournament so far, and they just signed Hatem Ben Arfa, someone that I played with in Lyon. If he comes in, he can always be dangerous. "I’m not sure if he is in shape yet, but these are the players that Chelsea need to be careful of because they can change a game at any time." Despite Malouda's nationality, he is hoping that Chelsea prevail against Jocelyn Gourvennec's men in what is undoubtedly set to be a testing tie, despite Lille lying in 11th place in Ligue 1.  "I wish that Chelsea win the match," the former winger continued. "On Champions League nights, especially at home, the most important thing in the first leg is not to concede goals and to build your confidence for the second leg. Of course, the best result would be 2-0, 3-0, but the most important thing for confidence is not to concede. "You are setting yourself up for the second leg, and the second leg is away. When you're experienced in this competition, you try not to jeopardise your chances in the second leg." 