As such, muscles, tissues and organs begin to become starved of oxygen and nutrients. In the beginning, when the deficiency is only beginning to form, "subtle" clues might appear. For instance, you might experience "shortness of breath", the Mayo Clinic stated, which could occur when you are walking. Some people might experience dizziness when they walk, or start to feel an irregular heartbeat. While walking, it is possible to feel tingling in the feet, or muscle weakness. A vitamin B12 deficiency may also lead to "unsteady movements" when you are walking. Vitamin deficiency anaemia develops slowly over several months to years, which is why the signs are likely to be "subtle" at first. However, over time, the signs in the way you walk are likely to become more noticeable. READ MORE: Bowel cancer – Two sensations indicative of a growing cancerous tumour – 'don't ignore' Left to progressively get more deficient in vitamin B12, "nervous system disorders" can appear. The Mayo Clinic expanded on this point: "Untreated, vitamin B12 deficiency can lead to neurological problems." Examples include a "persistent tingling in the hands and feet or problems with balance". Moreover, a severe vitamin B12 deficiency can also lead to "mental confusion and forgetfulness". If you suspect you are deficient in vitamin B12, it is advisable to book a doctor's appointment. Blood tests can be arranged to identify whether red blood cells have become deformed and if you are lacking vitamin B12 supplies. One of the most common causes of dwindling vitamin B12 supplies, aside from a vegan diet that is not supplemented with the vitamin, is pernicious anaemia. Pernicious anaemia is an acquired autoimmune condition whereby the stomach cells are attacked. Damaged, the stomach cells are unable to create the protein intrinsic factor. Intrinsic factor is needed in order for the gut to be able to reabsorb vitamin B12 from the foods eaten. Foods rich in vitamin B12 include meat and eggs, as well as dairy products. Thus, even if you have a diet full of vitamin B12, if you have pernicious anaemia, the body is unable to hold onto the vitamin.  The NHS stated that pernicious anaemia is "more common in women around 60 years of age". The autoimmune condition is also more likely to develop in those who have a family history of pernicious anaemia. A vitamin B12 deficiency is usually treated with injections of vitamin B12. These injections might be lifelong, especially if the cause of the vitamin B12 deficiency is pernicious anaemia.