Producers Jeb Stuart and Morgan Sullivan have teamed up to deliver another epic entry in the long-running Vikings saga, this time with a new sequel series set 100 years after the original History show, Vikings: Valhalla. Over a year after the show’s conclusion on Amazon Prime Video, the new showrunners might not have expected how the highly anticipated follow-up would be received once it was released on Netflix. Jeb was pre-warned about the Vikings fanbase before he sat down to write the new sequel series for Netflix. The streamer’s latest drama follows a new group of real and legendary figures in one of the most tumultuous periods of Europe’s medieval history. Set over a century after the original adventures of Ragnar Lothbrok (played by Travis Fimmel), Jeb himself was a huge fan of the first six seasons. However, the hours he spent researching the end of the Viking Age couldn’t prepare him for how the sequel would be received by the show’s international fanbase. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life He explained: “I spent months researching. Vikings has such a fanbase of people who really get into it and really love it, and I was forewarned about this. “But at the same time I was one of those people, I was a fan, and I thought I knew a lot about Vikings.” Originally helmed by historian and writer Michael Hirst, who penned every episode of the first series, Vikings delved deep into Scandinavian history and Norse mythology. As the new series is based more on historical fact than legend, Jeb had to make sure his fictionalised account of the Saint Brice's Day Massacre and other important events were adapted as accurately as possible. “The earlier series has much more of the mythology of the Vikings,” he told Digital Spy. “We didn't know a lot about that time, but my part of the series is set when people were putting things down on paper, we have more stories and history written down. “So I knew there was going to be even more scrutiny about Valhalla than there was perhaps about Vikings.” As Christianity became more widespread in Northern Europe, so too did the practice of writing stories and accounts of the most important events of that age. DON'T MISS:SEAL Team: Max Thieriot lands major new TV role [NEWS]Outlander: Bree star Sophie Skelton shares embarrassing nickname [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Deadly weapon leaves team’s life in danger [SPOILERS] This series focuses on Icelandic adventurer Leif Eriksson (Sam Corlett), and there is much more known about his travels than the likes of Ragnar and Bjorn (Alexander Ludwig). Therefore, Jeb knew he had to ensure the sequel series could hold up to scrutiny, in fear of riling up some of the more historically-minded Vikings fans. Jeb admitted: “I still continue to research, as there are papers coming out all the time from archaeological digs and sometimes we have to make adjustments. “But I feel pretty comfortable right now about the 11th century, and I couldn't say that three years ago!” There are always fans who take to message forums with complaints about historical series’ inaccuracies, and some have already pointed out some glaring mistakes in Valhalla’s narrative. Even so, Netflix has already shown confidence in the project and ordered an additional two seasons, with the second wrapping up filming last November. Now Jeb has three years of hard research under his belt, hopefully he’s in good stead to take the world of Vikings even further with an equally thrilling follow-up. Vikings: Valhalla season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.