The Princess Royal, 71, spoke about the topic during an awards ceremony celebrating the achievements of those working in core science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM) roles. The appearance of the Royal Family member is particularly noteworthy as Anne has been patron of Women in Science and Engineering (WISE) since 2000. In her impassioned speech, Her Royal Highness noted the proportion of women working in core STEM roles, although on the rise, remains too low at 24 percent. During her talk, the Queen’s daughter also called for a doubling of efforts to highlight the profile of such “impressive women”. She said: “Maintaining this push is even more important in the wake of the pandemic. “Such upheavals can lead to a backwards slide, with organisations focused on keeping their businesses afloat rather than the equally important but perhaps less pressing work of maintaining a diverse and inclusive workforce.” Princess Anne spoke about how women currently make up almost a quarter of the core STEM workforce, a figure that has doubled over the last two decades. However, the Princess noted that the figure is “still much lower than we would like”. The royal said it was “essential” that efforts continue to raise the profile of the talented women in those industries, and pushed for gender balance in this sector. She referred to a report published by consultancy firm McKinsey last November that outlined how diverse groups such as working parents, women, LGBTQ+ employees and people of colour had been disproportionately affected during the pandemic. READ MORE: Princess Anne to step up in place of Queen with major role Anne said: “We therefore need to double our efforts around raising the profile of impressive women in STEM and ensure that diversity and inclusion remains high on the agenda for businesses across all STEM sectors. “It should also be remembered that this work helps keep organisations innovative and competitive - another key reason for continuing to strive for gender balance across the sector.” Anne made the rallying call at the WISE Covid Unsung Heroes award ceremony, held at Windsor Castle on Tuesday evening. The ceremony saw six women being given an award for their work which helped improve lives and communities during the pandemic but had received little recognition. DON'T MISS Queen health fears erupt as Her Majesty cancels two engagements [LATEST] Prince Andrew's 'habit of appearing where he's not wanted' [INSIGHT] Prince Charles let slip real feelings about Vladimir Putin [REVEAL] Among those praised at the ceremony was Susan McDonald, energy lead at Deloitte, whose work ensured at-home Covid testing was available to everyone, including blind people and those shielding or self-isolating. Dr Amy Thomas, a research associate at the University of Bristol, who designed a saliva test used to swab children, was also given an award by Princess Anne. The royal commended all six women for their “incredible work in the face of adversity” that helped alleviate some of the worst effects of the pandemic. She shared her hope the awards and recognition the women had now received would encourage women and girls to see themselves in similar careers. Sir Patrick Vallance, the Government’s chief scientific adviser, thanked the Princess for her support. He agreed with Anne’s sentiment, that while there had been a definite improvement in the number of women in STEM, further action is needed. He added: “Excellence can only be delivered by a diverse and inclusive profession.”