Haas driver Nikita Mazepin has issued a measured response amid rumours he could be dropped by the team ahead of the 2022 Formula One season. Mazepin is due to partner Mick Schumacher in the new season but Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine has led to doubts he'll be involved in the sport this year. Moscow native Mazepin made his F1 debut in 2021 but failed to cover himself in glory as he finished joint-bottom in the standings, one of two full-time drivers who ended the season with zero points. The 22-year-old's seat is funded by his father, Dmitry, a Russian oligarch and chairman of Uralkali, a potash fertiliser and title sponsor for Haas. Haas sent a statement regarding its stance on Russia's invasion of Ukraine by stripping its livery of the former's national flag colours during pre-season testing in Barcelona. Mazepin Snr. has been pictured meeting with Russian president Vladimir Putin in the past, and it's understood Haas fear sanctions on Uralkali could restrict their funding in the near future. That's led to a spike in reports suggesting Haas will cut ties with Mazepin less than a month before the new season starts, though the youngster has remained calm on the matter. JUST IN: Bernie Ecclestone defends 'honourable' Vladimir Putin as Russia invade Ukraine  "To my fans and followers - it's a difficult time and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done," he wrote via Twitter on Friday. "I'm choosing to focus on what I CAN control by working hard and doing my best for my @HaasF1Team. My deepest thanks for your understanding and support." Mazepin completed day three of testing with just nine laps in Barcelona, recording a fastest time of 1m26.229s. Only Alfa Romeo's Valtteri Bottas failed to beat that on Friday, recording a fastest lap of 1m30.433s from 10 attempts. DON'T MISS George Russell raises 'safety concerns' as testing nears conclusion in BarcelonaRussia Grand Prix axed from 2022 schedule as F1 chiefs respond to Ukraine invasionHaas pull Russian driver Nikita Mazepin from news conference after Clarkson's X-rated rant    It was reported Russia's invasion of its neighbours resulted in 137 Ukrainian deaths - including soldiers and civilians - during the first day alone. Formula One has responded by removing the Russian Grand Prix - which was due to be held in Sochi on September 25- from its schedule. Haas team principal Guenther Steiner appeared to confirm earlier on Friday that a change of driver could be possible given the circumstances. “There are legal issues we have to go through and then we see what comes out,” the Haas chief told Sky Sports. “At the moment, we want to continue but there are external things which could happen that I cannot control. “[Asking] me exactly what will happen in the next weeks or months, I do not know. He was here for testing this morning. “Unfortunately, we had an oil leak and we could not do a lot of laps. He plans to be in Bahrain, so there is no change on that one." Brazilian driver Pietro Fittipaldi, the grandson of two-time F1 world champion Emerson, is Haas' reserve driver and would be favourite to replace Mazepin should he be dropped.