Adjoa Andoh is best known as Lady Danbury in Netflix’s smash hit romance, Bridgerton, which will finally return for a second season next month. Ahead of the show’s exciting comeback, she appeared on ITV to talk to Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley, and revealed why she won’t be signing up to appear on Strictly Come Dancing any time soon despite being a big fan. Actress Adjoa admitted her dyspraxia would prevent her from joining the next season of Strictly. The BBC’s successful ballroom competition wrapped up its 19th series’ last year, with Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice crowned the winners. Strictly’s milestone 20th series is expected to begin later this year, though the celebrity line-up has yet to be announced. Sadly, Adjoa had to shut down the rumours she could be putting on her dancing shoes when the show returns. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Despite being a huge fan of the show, she previously told Susanna she wouldn’t take part in the series during an earlier appearance on GMB. “No, they didn’t [call],” Adjoa reiterated on Monday. “My mother did call, though. “My mother was a choreographer, so if you’d ask my mum on it would be marvellous. “But I’m the dyspraxic, eldest small child and I do trip over my own shadow. So I can talk a good game from the sofa, I think that’s where we should keep me, frankly.” Although Adjoa has tried her hand at ballroom dancing during her time on Bridgerton, performing on stage to a live audience comes with its own set of challenges. Susanna asked: “You’re laughing that off a little bit, but is that something that would seriously stop you from being able to dance?” “They’re superb on Strictly, they can dance with anybody,” she added, praising the show’s accomplished professionals. “They are,” Adjoa admitted. “Dyspraxia is sort of on the dyspraxia-dyslexia spectrum.” DON'T MISS:GMB fans blast ‘scaremongering’ Dr Hilary over Covid rule scrap [REACTION]Jane McDonald devastation as childhood memory destroyed [VIDEO]Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT] “So, when I was growing up a million years ago, you were just a bit rubbish at sport. You’d be picked last, the weekly humiliation for the hockey team.” However, the effects of dyspraxia have since become more understood, and Adjoa explained more about how the condition has affected her time on Bridgerton and other series. She continued: “What it actually means is your balance is sort of out of kilter. “I have to practise a lot with props. I have to really focus with dance moves. Any physical stuff like that I need lots and lots of repetition.” While her performance as Lady Danbury is as elegant and poised as any top-shelf Strictly performance, Adjoa has had much more time to prepare for the role. When it comes to Strictly, celebrity dancers are asked to learn a new routine within a week, which the actress doesn’t think she would be up for. “We dyspraxic people move through the world marvellously, and I love to strut my stuff at a disco party,” she said. “Having to learn new dances at such speed I might find tricky.” Thankfully, it won’t be long Adjoa is back on screens with an ensemble of new and returning faces for the long-awaited Bridgerton season two. Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Friday, March 25 on Netflix. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.