Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has admitted Reinildo should have done better to stop Anthony Elanga from scoring for Manchester United on Wednesday night. The La Liga giants were dominant in large spells of their Champions League clash at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. Yet they were unable to emerge from the showdown with a victory to their name. Atletico Madrid took the lead against United through Joao Felix. The 22-year-old, who has been linked with a move to Arsenal ahead of the summer transfer window, produced a fantastic header that sailed past David De Gea in goal. Atletico were dominant throughout but, with 10 minutes left to go, were pegged back by Elanga. The young Swede capitalised on some poor defending from Reinildo to coolly slot past the onrushing Jan Oblak, sparking wild celebrations in the away end in the process. And Simeone, speaking after the game, complained that his player should have stopped the goal from happening. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He said: “Good play when the ball came out, Bruno makes a pass change and enables the run for a quick transition and they took advantage of the only mismatch we had. “Reinildo could have solved it better, but we knew that in some transition it could happen.” Simeone is expecting United to be different in the second leg, believing they’ll play with ‘more verticality and drive’. “We are in the same position as before the game started, nothing changes from yesterday or today,” stated the Argentine. “We’re tied. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “We are going to play the second leg in their home, in front of their fans, they will probably play more with more verticality and drive than they did today and they will have more aggressiveness in front of their fans, which will cause them to play at a higher rhythm. “They will have a higher pace, which is what they normally show when they play in the Premier League. “But what can be better than playing a big game at a fantastic stadium with a fantastic rival like Man United in the Champions League in order to test our level. “We started the second half in which nothing really happened and from a really good play and a really quick transition from United, they found a way to the goal. “Maybe they found this adjustment and they showed a really clinical precision. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And of course Antoine Griezmann hit the crossbar again and we could have won the game. “But we saw a team that competes, a team that did a whole lot of good things, a team that is showing strengths and we hope that we keep doing this.” Simeone also explained his decision to take off Felix, who was one of the best players on the pitch during the showdown in the Spanish capital. “I thought he was tired, he wasn’t defending, and I wanted to share the effort with a player like Griezmann who is coming back from injury and who does great in that position,” he revealed. “He played a fantastic game. “Joao played an extraordinary game as well, his decisiveness allowed us to score. “Renan Lodi’s crossing was fantastic and Joao showed great strength up front and his work rate and Angel Correa’s work rate was exactly what the game demanded. “When I saw Joao was getting tired, we needed some fresh legs, some important people that we have, we put in Griezmann for extra fuel. “Of course, Luis Suarez had to stay on the bench, but we wanted to feed the energy of the game in order to not lower the level that our players had on the pitch at all times.” The return leg at Old Trafford will take place on March 15.