Bitter London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham have both reportedly conceded defeat in their pursuit of Fulham hotshot Fabio Carvalho - leaving Manchester United and Liverpool free to battle over a summer deal for the youngster. Carvalho has evolved into one of the brightest young stars in the EFL during a breakout season for Fulham, who are seemingly on course for an instant return to the Premier League. The Whites starlet has played a key role in the Londoner's march to the summit of the Championship, plundering eight goals in 22 appearances during his first full season in senior football. Carvalho's sparkling form has attracted a raft of top-level interest in the youngster, who is due to be a free agent in the summer. So far, Fulham's attempts to tie their talented teen prospect to a new deal have been rebuffed - paving the way for one of Carvalho's Premier League suitors to swoop at the end of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd captain Harry Maguire explains why he's 'embarrassed' According to The Daily Star, Arsenal and Tottenham, who have both made checks on Carvalho this term, have privately accepted they have no hope of winning the race to snap up the 19-year-old. Both Arsenal and Tottenham are expected to be busy in the summer window, with Arsenal in particular placing an emphasis on snapping up young talent in recent times. But they have 'given up' up on wooing Carvalho - and that will be a welcome boost to Manchester United, who have now entered the race for the Fulham prodigy. Carvalho was on the brink of sealing a dream £8million move to Liverpool last month; only for the deal to fall through at the eleventh hour on deadline day. The Reds can still strike a deal with Carvalho on a pre-contract agreement - but United's interest could complicate matters for Liverpool. United have sent scouts to watch Carvalho three times over the past month as they plot a late move to hijack Liverpool's interest. Any fee for Carvalho is likely to be decided by a tribunal - unless United can strike a deal with Fulham too. Liverpool's £8m deal included a loan-back clause for the remainder of the season before it collapsed last month, but the report goes on to outline that any summer deal could also include a clause to loan Carvalho back to the Craven Cottage outfit next season too; providing Fulham get the job done and rebound back into the top-flight. Despite his dream move unexpectedly hitting the buffers, Carvalho has taken a difficult situation in his stride and was recently praised by Fulham boss Marco Silva. Silva said: "On the final day, the timings and the important details are always complicated for everyone, and that is what happened in that moment. "Fabio is really happy. The day after that situation I saw him with the same smile on his face like always, and he enjoyed the training session, worked hard and that is the main thing for me."