More than 1,000 Clean Air Zone signs around Greater Manchester will need to be covered with stickers or other messages after the scheme was delayed. The emissions-based charging scheme was set to begin operation on May 30, but has since been postponed over a number of issues. In total, 1,194 signs wrongly state that the scheme to charge high emission vehicles will start in May. A firm called McCann has already been contracted by transport bosses to undertake the arduous yet necessary job of amending the signs. It is currently unclear whether the stickers will feature an alternative date, a message, an image or just be blank to cover the date. When asked by the Manchester Evening News, Clean Air Greater Manchester said work will start “in the coming weeks”. READ MORE: DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away They also said a cost to cover over a section of the signage had yet to be agreed. A spokesperson said: “Work is ongoing between TfGM and its contractor to finalise the programme costs for the sticker on the affected Clean Air Zone signs. “This work is due to start in the coming weeks.” Some elements of the Clean Air Zone were already underway, including the installation of 1,309 signs, 1,194 of which are now “out of date”. DON'T MISSDrivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [IMPORTANT]'Really disappointed' driver fined for using wrong parking details [SHOCKING]Caravans and motorhomes can be ‘luxurious’ as average prices rise [COMMENT] A further 406 Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras have been installed, just less than half of the planned 870. A ‘substantially different’ scheme is now expected to be revealed by July. Around £120million in Government funding to help affected people upgrade to compliant vehicles will remain to support the implementation of a new plan. The first phase, which was due to launch on May 30, 2022, would have seen buses, HGVs and coaches being charged £60 per day to travel into the area. Taxis, private hire vehicles, minibuses and vans were set to be charged £10 from June 1, 2023, with a temporary exemption for most Greater Manchester-licenced vehicles. It is not yet known whether the 2023 date will still apply once the new scheme is announced later this year. The scheme was delayed as a result of concerns over financial hardship for drivers and global supply chain issues. Many businesses in the city said they were experiencing long waiting times to get access to zero-emission vehicles. The Government agreed to postpone the deadline from 2024 to 2026 for Greater Manchester to lower pollution levels to legal limits, buying time for its architects to review their initial plans. Greater Manchester’s 10 authorities now have until July 2022 to develop a new plan. Greater Manchester’s CAZ would have been the UK’s biggest charging area, with more than 500 miles covered. The area spans 10 local authority areas across Greater Manchester (Bolton, Bury, Oldham, Rochdale, Stockport, Tameside, Trafford, Wigan, and the cities of Manchester and Salford).