Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is designed to assist vulnerable people with the extra financial costs which arise from having a disability. Those who claim PIP can get it if they are working as it is not mean-tested. This means earning an income, having savings or getting benefits will not affect someone’s claim. On the Government’s website, the DWP explains that claimants need to have “a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability” for PIP. Furthermore, they have “difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around because of your condition” to receive the disability payment. PIP is delivered in two separate parts: a daily living component and a mobility component. The former is given to help people with everyday tasks, while the latter is used to assist with getting around. Someone can get one or both components if they are deemed to be eligible for them and how much they receive can depend on how difficult they find completing tasks. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Recently, Government ministers have called on people to apply for PIP, and other disability benefits, as soon as possible. Chloe Smith, the UK Government’s Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised why it is crucial disabled people access the support provided by the DWP. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” DON'T MISS  Currently, the lower rate of PIP’s daily living component is £60.00 a week, while the higher rate is £89.60. In comparison, the lower rate of the disability payment’s mobility component is £23.70 weekly, while the higher rate comes to £62.55. Claimants are given their PIP money every four weeks by the DWP to the bank, the building society or credit union account of their choice. All recipients of the DWP benefit will be sent a decision letter which will clarify the date of their first payment, how much they will get and how long they will get PIP for. If someone’s payment date falls on a bank holiday, they will be paid by the DWP before the holiday. Some people may be eligible for a top-up, which is known as disability premium, if they claim certain qualifying benefits. These include:  Citizens Advice offers guidance on what the best way to apply for PIP for those who are looking to begin their claim. The advice website stated: “It’s best to start your claim by phone because it’s quicker and your PIP payments usually start from when you make your claim - either the date you phone or the date the DWP receives your PIP1 form. “You can only get the PIP claim forms from the DWP, not online or from Citizens Advice. “If you have a condition that makes writing difficult, you can ask to have any future PIP forms emailed to you.”