Loose Women star Brenda Edwards has broken her silence on social media following the death of her son Jamal Edwards, who died at the age of 31, following a sudden illness. Taking to Twitter, Brenda posted a heartfelt tribute to her DJ son following his tragic death just days ago. In view of her 19,600 followers, the star has tweeted for the first time since the death of her son. Brenda simply wrote "#NewProfilePic" while sharing a family snap. The Loose Women star, her daughter Tanisha and Jamal could all be seen laughing together in a pink-themed shoot. It comes as Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid read out a heartfelt tribute to the music entrepreneur earlier this week. Loose Women panellist Brenda released a statement following her son's death. READ MORE: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan  It read: “It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. “Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.” She continued: "As we come to terms with his passing, we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. "I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. "Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PHD.," it ended. Reports emerged on Sunday that Jamal died unexpectedly, his company told BBC. In November 2021, Jamal made an appearance on Loose Women beside his mother, where he gushed over Brenda and her achievements which inspired his music career. Gloria Hunniford asked Jamal: "I want to know what the drive in you made you want that success…" DON'T MISS... Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]Chris Packham rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'cruel' policy reversal[ANAYSIS]Ben Shephard lost for words over Kate Garraway's 'tough' insight [UPDATE] He confessed: "My friends weren’t being represented in mainstream media, so that’s what inspired me. "But obviously my mum’s work ethic inspired me. "I remember going to the pub when she was doing karaoke and doing my homework there.” Jamal beamed: “She was always working very hard." Music entrepreneur Jamal was born in Luton and had been appointed an MBE for services to music in 2014. The late star had attended the Brit Awards earlier this month and had reportedly performed as a DJ at a gig in north London on the weekend. Her Loose Women co-star Jane Moore said in her latest column for The Sun that Jamal had died from a heart attack on Sunday. Brenda's colleagues have paid tributes to their co-star's son, with Nadia Sawalha branding his passing "brutal and cruel".