The couple will be awarded the President’s Award by the 53rd NAACP Image Awards, which will take place online tomorrow, Saturday. Fans, followers, and public figures didn’t hide their excitement for the honour. Instead, hundreds of users rushed to praise and congratulate the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on Twitter. Author and Royal editor at Harper’s Bazaar US, Omid Scobie, reported the news on his account, in view of his 77,000 followers, stating that the award recognises “the couple’s philanthropic and advocacy work.” 'Inspiring leaders' Meghan Markle and Prince Harry honoured with 'prestigious' new award He explained that previous recipients of the award include Muhammad Ali, Colin Powell, Condoleezza Rice, Rihanna and Jay-Z. Each of the thread’s tweets collected more than a thousand likes, while a follower with the handle @RobbieDas replied: “Yes! They're living their best lives and I'm so happy for them.” @Valteena said: "Harry and Meghan are like a city that is set on a hill that cannot be hidden and whose light keeps shining brighter to the chagrin of haters. "Their works impact and are obvious to genuine lovers of humanity to see, hence the acknowledgment and association from good forces all over.” @ixam85 wrote: “OMFG!!! our faves are killing it in the USA!! Home where they belong!!” @soonerlakerfan said: "That is wonderful news!" Twitter user "Jennifer" said: "I'm so excited to see Meghan speak. She is always so inspirational." @PersiaKaty said: “I am so thrilled to hear about this news. They deserve to be recognised for all the great things they have done and continually do every single day!” @EternalWomenInc wrote: “Literally can’t wait for #MeghanAndHarry to be at this year's #NAACPImageAwards!” READ MORE: 'Regal Meghan' hints at powerful future - frenzy over Duchess' new picMeghan and Harry urged to do 'valued good work'Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry spark political meddling debate  NAACP, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, is a civil rights organization in the United States. With the announcement of the award, the organisation called Prince Harry and Meghan “humanitarians” and “global leaders”. They also praised Archewell, the audio and productions non-profit founded by the couple. NAAPC noted that the President's Award, which Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will receive, is presented “in recognition of distinguished public service.” Hundreds of supportive replies followed their tweet too, which collected over 4,500 likes. @stellieber wrote: “Well deserved! So proud of them” DON'T MISS: Piers unleashes at Meghan ‘sucking joy out of life' on Aussie TVWe stand with Ukraine' Meghan and Harry break silence on Putin's warKitty Spencer has 'gorgeous' ring but Princess Diana's 'priceless' @smarijuli2005 agreed: “Amazing! A well-deserved recognition!” @andrews_ange said: “From their engagement interview they they have passions to create change and have a positive impact. “They were both doing that before they met and have continued to do good. Excellent choice. They always uplift worthwhile causes!” @Tinkerbellfern commented: “Prodigious financial success for a couple that hastily departed UK well knowing neither had any means of earning a living to maintain a lifestyle which required costly security. “H & M shared millions from the very first Contract Bravo. King & Queen of ‘Living A Life of Service’." While @M2theMax linked to the war in Ukraine, saying: “With all the chaos happening in Eastern Europe right now, this is welcome news.” The NAACP was set up in 1909 in response to ongoing violence against black people. It is the US's largest and most pre-eminent civil rights organisation, with more than two million activists. In a statement, the president and CEO of NAACP, Derrick Johnson, said that the organisation is “thrilled” to present this award to Prince Harry and Meghan. He added: “Together (they) have heeded the call to social justice and have joined the struggle for equity both in the U.S. and around the world.” At the same time, the couple formed a collaboration, to launch the NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award.