Chelsea forward Romelu Lukaku has been questioned by his Belgium coach Thierry Henry amid his struggles at Stamford Bridge. The 28-year-old has not scored a Premier League goal in 2022 and was dropped by Thomas Tuchel ahead of the Champions League clash with Lille on Tuesday.   Lukaku’s performance during the Blues’ 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace was heavily criticised. He touched the ball just seven times – a Premier League low – and several pundits suggested he should have worked harder to receive possession. And former Arsenal striker Henry has conceded it was not normal for a player to see the ball on so few occasions. However, Henry has also questioned Chelsea splashing out £97.5million a player who does not appear to naturally fit into Tuchel’s system. “Right from the start I raised the question to myself: How is he going to fit into this team?” Henry told CBS Sports.   JUST IN: Man Utd dealt blow over Nkuku as RB Leipzig set eyewatering price “As a coach, when you go and get Romelu Lukaku, it’s [either] how you’re going to get him to adapt to how you play, or how you’re going to change to suit him. “I didn’t think that (Chelsea adapting to Lukaku) was going to happen. For Rom to adapt to how they play, it takes time. “It’s not an easy one. Now, is it normal that he had seven touches in a game? No, that’s not normal. “Regardless of whether the coach backs you, that shouldn’t happen. So they need to move forward on that. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “It’s a tough one to read. I don’t know if that has ever happened in 90 minutes. “But what’s the solution? The solution is for him to find solution to adapt to how they are going to play. “They like to press, they like to be active. They like to change the front three but Rom likes to stay in the middle. “It makes it very difficult for him to adapt to the situation. But why did you go and get him?” Lukaku was dropped by Tuchel for Chelsea’s Champions League last-16 clash with Lille on Tuesday.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd punished by FA after stars surrounded referee against BrightonKane warned of Tottenham transfer 'travesty' as goal prediction madeTottenham boss Conte explains Hojbjerg snub after Man City win The Blues boss insisted that it was because Lukaku is tired, but hinted that he was unimpressed with the player’s latest performance. "It is not an indirect result of that [performance against Palace]," Tuchel told BT Sport. "He looked a little exhausted and you have to consider he played a lot. A lot of travelling and extra time. "It was not the best performance from him and maybe it is better for him to come from the bench."   