Amid dramatic developments in the crisis in Ukraine this week, Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex has sued the publisher of the Daily Mail over an article. Angela Levin, author of Harry: Conversations with the Prince, said after the news broke: "I wonder if there is much more satisfaction from fighting legal cases than doing valued good work with those who suffer." The libel action against Associated Newspapers Limited in the High Court, which the Duke launched on Wednesday afternoon, follows a previous lawsuit by his wife, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, in 2019 over the publication of her private handwritten letter to her father Thomas Markle. She was awarded a nominal £1 in damages and secured an undisclosed sum of money which she donated to charity. Associated runs the Daily Mail, the Mail on Sunday and the Mail Online website but it is unclear which newspaper title the lawsuit is against or what article is the object of Harry's complaint. ROYAL POLL: Do these scandals bother you or is monarchy as strong as ever? After Ms Levin's initial remark, which comes at a time of global tensions because of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the commentator shared a statement released by the Sussexes in face of the conflict, labelling it: "Breathtakingly arrogant." The couple's message read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." The public quickly joined the royal author in her assessment. Twitter user Ranne asked: "What does 'I stand with' mean anyway? "Empty words." DON'T MISSQueen reportedly made 'instincts' remark about Putin during 2003 visit [REVEAL]Prince William' met MI6 just hours before Putin launched war [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin’s party’s surprising beliefs on Russian Royal Family [ANALYSIS] Julie Michele said: "I don't understand this at all. You don't need to say it for it to be so... any decent human being stands with a democracy being attacked. "It goes without saying. Saying 'I stand with Ukraine' achieves nothing." User amm wrote: "While I agree with their message, it's so odd that they just put out these random statements about world affairs. "Did they at least provide links to charities that help Ukrainian refugees? While Harry and Meghan's words were received with criticism, the pair were the first members of the Royal Family to speak out on the unfolding war. However, it is precisely because the pair stepped back from the monarchy in 2020 that they are able to speak about such matters publicly. According to the Royal Family's official website, the Queen must usually remain "strictly neutral with respect to political matters", meaning a statement of the 95-year-old Monarch on the row in Eastern Europe is unlikely.