In a sign of increasing desperation, Vladimir Putin's forces bombed one of the former Soviet state's fuel stores near the village of Kulinichi in eastern Ukraine. Stunned families watched in disbelief as the huge fireball mushroomed into the cold air after one of Putin's missiles scored a direct hit. It appears that the facility was targeted in an effort to cut off fuel supplies to Ukraine forces who have made valiant efforts holding back Russian troops. Despite having inferior numbers and equipment, Ukrainian forces have hampered the Russian advance. Much of Russia's heavy army remains around 30 miles from the capital Kyiv this evening. This has dashed Russia's hopes of a swift victory - enabling it to install a puppet regime that would be compliant with Russia. READ MORE: Putin ‘fantasy’ burst as Russian military facing ‘heavy’ casualties The news emerged as it was claimed that Putin was preparing to drop one of the most powerful non-nuclear bombs in existence on Ukraine. Dubbed the "Father of All Bombs", it is supposed to vaporise its targets. The high-power thermobaric weapon - also known as a vacuum bomb - is a high-powered explosive that uses the atmosphere itself as part of the explosion. In 2017 then President Donald Trump dropped one on Taliban soldiers.  DON'T MISS: Russia soldiers stand down as they 'didn't know they were sent to kill [REVEALED] Ukraine war: 'F*** you doing in our land?' BRILLIANT takedown [VIDEO]Ukraine fury over NATO report as Putin wages terrifying war [INSIGHT] It weighed 21,600 pounds and left a crater more than 1,000 feet wide after it exploded six feet above the ground. The weapons were developed by the US and Soviet Governments in the 1960s but have rarely been used in anger. But with Putin becoming increasingly desperate to secure victory, Western officials believe that Russia could unleash one to scare Ukraine into submission. One security source told MailOnline: "My fear would be that if they don't meet their timescale and objectives they would be indiscriminate in their use of violence. "They don’t adhere to the same principles of necessity and proportionality and rule of law that Western forces do."