When someone is looking to lose weight, carbohydrates are a food group that tends to be eradicated pretty quickly. Foods like pasta, bread and potatoes are some dieters idea of sabotaging results, but, nutritionist Rhiannon Lambert has explained how certain cabs can help weight loss. She also provides recommendations for portion sizes and meal suggestions. “Carbohydrates are the body’s greatest energy source,” Rhiannon said. “They provide the body with glucose to use for energy, which can also be stored for future use. “Carbs also play a valuable role in our gut health, by providing useful fibre to the digestive tract. “There is a link now between our gut health and maintaining a healthy weight.” In fact, carbs are so important, Rhiannon says they should make up around a third of someone’s daily calorie intake. But it all comes down to portion size. READ MORE: Weight loss tips: 10 foods to eat if you want to lose weight Portion size recommended: two handfuls (dried) Rhiannon explained: “The whole wheat variety of pasta is an easy way to up your fibre content which will help fill you up for longer, support digestive health and lower the risk of disease such as type 2 diabetes.” While a hot cheesy pasta bake is great for winter evenings, one way to support a healthy weight is by consuming cold pasta. The nutritionist explained more: “When people consume pasta hot, compared to cold, it will release faster into the bloodstream, whereas when it’s cooled down there will be more resistant starch which is meant, studies suggest, to support people with a healthy weight or help aid weight loss as it can help with gut satiety - keeping people satisfied for longer.” DON'T MISS...Princess Charlene altered her wedding reception tiara - here's how [PICTURES]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE]Flight secrets: Cabin crew shares ways to get free first class upgrade [INSIDER] Portion size recommended: two handfuls (dried) Brown rice is a better option and is great alongside curries or tagines. Rhiannon said: “It has a nutty flavour and is a great source of dietary fibre.” Not eating enough carbohydrates can lead to a low mood, which in turn can trigger binge eating. In order to maintain a good mood, it’s important to ensure levels of serotonin are steady. Rhiannon added: “Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that helps relay messages from one area of the brain to another and is believed to influence a variety of psychological functions; it’s known as our ‘happy hormone’ because of its mood-stabilising qualities.” Portion size recommended: one fist-sized potato Potatoes are a universal ingredient; they can be boiled, roasted, diced, sliced for chips and mashed. While some of those choices are not the healthiest, Rhiannon suggests baking a potato. “Baked potatoes aid with digestion due to their high fibre content and they are high in vitamin B6; a key vitamin for the body,” she revealed. “B vitamins play an important role in keeping the nervous system healthy and helping our bodies release energy from the foods we eat.” Potatoes are not the only starchy vegetable, root vegetables, butternut squash, turnips and parsnips all contain a lot of starchy carbs. Rhiannon added: “Everyone should be aiming to eat modest amounts of starchy vegetables. “Being starchy carbs, they typically contain around 8g of fibre per 100g, which is almost one-third of your daily requirement of fibre. “Opt for starchy vegetables over refined carbs (such as white bread) if you are aiming to lose some weight.” Portion size recommended: one apple Rather surprisingly perhaps, apples involve carbs. One small apple contains around 21g of carbohydrates, more than the quantity found in an average slice of bread. But apples are a good source of fibre and vitamin C, which helps keep cells healthy. Rhiannon suggested: “To make your apple even more filling, try pairing it with a teaspoon of nut butter.” Portion size recommended: two slices Bread is undoubtedly one of the most feared carbs, but it can be consumed within reason. Rhiannon said: “Wholegrain bread is packed with nutrients including fibre, B vitamins, antioxidants and trace minerals.” Bread is a slow-release carb, meaning the energy within it is released slowly throughout the day which can help keep energy and mood levels steady. The nutritionist told The Sun: “Bread also has a prebiotic effect which helps maintain your body’s healthy balance and many breads have zero grams of trans and saturated fats per serving.” Rhiannon is the author of The Science of Nutrition: Debunk the Diet Myths and Learn How to Eat Well for Health and Happiness.