Tom Parker, 33, is reportedly receiving a new treatment in Spain as he continues to battle his incurable brain tumour. Tom is heading on tour with The Wanted this week so will need to be as fit as possible when he hits the stage with his bandmates. It is thought he is now receiving treatment at a private hospital in the Costa del Sol. Therapies include time in an oxygen machine, massages and a special diet. The private facility charges £8,000 for two weeks or £11,600 for three, according to reports. A source told The Sun: “Tom has been vocal that he doesn’t think the options available in Britain are perfect so he’s trying elsewhere. The tour means so much to him, he cannot wait. READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "The cancer treatment he goes through takes it out of him so it’s been good to go abroad and relax.” The married dad of two was diagnosed with an inoperable stage four glioblastoma in October 2020. He was initially told that he was likely to have just 12 to 18 months to live, but after six rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, the singer revealed his tumour is “stable” back in November. Tom, who is also receiving private healthcare on top of NHS care in the UK, has been raising awareness for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) and calling for more research into the illness. A chemotherapy drug called Temozolomide is the standard treatment offered by the NHS to GBM patients - which hasn't changed for almost 20 years, according to the charity Brain Tumour Research. Speaking on the Chat2Amani podcast in October, The Wanted star said it was “shocking” the drug hasn’t been changed in such a long time. He explained: “I don't want to beat around the bush about the NHS, I think they've been great, but I think there's a massive improvement needed in treatment for brain tumours." Tom and his wife Kelsey have been documenting their trip on social media. DON'T MISSThe Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion[LATEST]Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him[NEWS] Last week, he shared a stunning snap of a sunset with the caption, “What a beautiful day”, before informing followers he was “back to treatment today”. Kelsey also shared a photo from a bar by the beach as the pair enjoyed cocktails in the sun. She told followers: “Happy Sunday to me.” The mother of Aurelia and Bodhi recently asked her followers to “light a candle” for her husband. In a lengthy post, Kelsey pleaded: “Tom has made a massive amount of progress physically but also mentally, he has reignited a spark in himself through seeing all the incredible love and support you have shown us. “I would love for you all to get involved tomorrow night like we did on 02.02.22. Let’s light a candle and say a prayer for my amazing husband @tomparkerofficial... Tom, you are a beacon of light, a true hero - we are so proud of you. Keep going. The world needs you.” The Wanted's Greatest Hits Tour begins on Thursday at Glasgow's OVO Hydro. It will wrap up two weeks later at M&S Bank Arena Liverpool. It's the first time the band has toured since their Word Of Mouth concerts in 2014.