Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology must be fitted to all new cars sold in Europe from July under new European Union legislation, which is set to also apply to the UK despite Brexit. It is hoped the new technology will reduce speeding and as a result dramatically cut down on accidents, although not everyone is confident. Tim Short, Partner at Plexus Law, has warned drivers that the technology will not always work for motorists, especially when other factors are in play. The technology works using GPS data and traffic cameras to determine the speed limits of each road, and will automatically restrict vehicles from breaking the limit. It is believed that drivers will be able to override the ISA technology, with motoring experts warning of safety risks if drivers cannot speed up to avoid hazards or when overtaking. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr Short said: “In circumstances where drivers rely upon the ISA system to keep their vehicles at, or under the speed limit, there is a clear danger that they will inadvertently exceed speed limits if the technology fails. READ MORE: ‘Telltale’ road sign to stop you colliding with falling trees “Drivers will then be at risk of penalties for exceeding the speed limit. “Blaming unreliable technology will not provide a defence to a speeding charge. “Another potential issue is that the ISA systems may encourage drivers to drive ‘on the limit’. “Speed limits do not indicate a safe speed for all conditions, rather, they indicate the maximum permitted speed whatever the conditions. DON'T MISSDrivers call for E10 petrol to be scrapped [INSIGHT]Record used car prices to continue this year [ANALYSIS]Drivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [SHOCKING] “The ISA system will not respond to weather or traffic conditions, when driving on the limit might be dangerous.” Speed limiters are already fitted on many cars and can be overridden by pressing hard on the accelerator. The European Transport Safety Council (ETSC) had called for the system to cut engine power once the legal speed limit had been reached, saying this could reduce road deaths by 20 percent. This proposal was eventually ditched, with the EU looking for a more simple system which would alert drivers, either visually or audibly. Concrete plans for speed limiters have still not been announced with experts fearing that drivers could become annoyed with a visual alert or a noise. They say this could lead to more drivers turning the technology off and relying on their own driving habits to not go over the speed limit. Mr Short also pointed out potential issues with liability in the future if a driver is too reliant on the technology. He added: “We might find that ISA systems lead to an increase in the speed of the traffic in poor driving conditions, leading to more accidents. “If drivers are not paying attention to speed limits, relying instead upon their ISA system, will they divert more attention to hazards on the road? “Or will they become more complacent about road safety and pay less attention to the risk their vehicle poses to vulnerable road users? “A careless driver can kill a pedestrian, even if their vehicle is being driven within the speed limit.” The European Commission announced that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6 this year. The 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched be fitted with the ISA technology by July 2024. The UK has adopted many EU directives relating to transport for the ease of manufacturing, importing and exporting vehicles.