Having appeared in the ITV soap on and off since 2001, Zoë married Jeff in 2003 and has since given birth to their two children. Throughout their 19 years of marriage, the pair have had to adapt their lives quite dramatically, due to the fact that Jeff suffers with Crohn’s disease - a type of inflammatory bowel disease that can cause abdominal pain and severe diarrhoea. Whilst appearing on Loose Women a few years ago, Zoë spoke of their allotment, and how eating the produce they have grown has positive effects on Jeff’s health as well as proving to be beneficial for her own mental health. Jeff has Crohns. He was diagnosed when he was about 18, so he was 23 when I met him, and it's sort of changed our lives," Zoë said. “There's a lot to be said about mental health and having your hands in the soil – that's a big one for me. "For Jeff, it's the health benefits of eating what we've grown." "It's great to share with my kids as well," she added. READ MORE: Dementia: The smelly warning sign that may 'precede' memory loss by almost 10 years  "Not that they love it, they hate it. But I'm working on that!" Speaking about his ordeal with the inflammatory condition, Jeff spoke to Express.co.uk about the symptoms he has had to deal with for nearly two decades. Starting out as what Jeff thought were stomach pains due to irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), as a young drama student at university the star would often miss lectures due to and have to drop out of plays due to the severe symptoms he was experiencing. Suffering from diarrhoea as well as the persistent stomach pain, tiredness and weight loss, Jeff sought the opinion of specialists and it was then that the diagnosis was made.  After being diagnosed, Jeff sought the help of a nutritionist who he hoped would be able to guide him on the best diet to follow to keep his energy levels up. Jeff said: “Even though I tried to avoid foods that upset my digestive system, such as coffee and Chinese takeaways, I was still sick and tired and I kept losing weight." After consultation, Jeff was advised to completely avoid coffee or anything that contains monosodium glutamate (MSG). Along with the freshly grown produce from their allotment, Jeff also said that he tends to have short periods of time without wheat, dairy, sugar and alcohol to help keep symptoms to bay.  Without needing regular medication, Jeff instead uses probiotics, and aloe vera juice to help with his digestion. It was also reported that the actor is said to take a supplement called simba, to help the immune system. Although Crohn’s disease is a chronic condition, charity Crohn’s and Colitis UK explains that individuals will have periods of good health known as remission, as well as times when symptoms are more active, known as flare-ups. The charity explains that the condition causes ulceration and inflammation, which affects the body’s ability to digest food, absorb nutrients and eliminate waste in a healthy way. It is most likely to develop in the part of the gut known as the ileum or the colon with areas of inflammation being either small or large.  Crohn’s may also penetrate deeper into the bowel wall causing abscesses and fistulas (abnormal tracts or passages between organs such as between two sections of bowel, or the bowel and skin). As briefly mentioned by Jeff, the main symptoms of Crohn’s disease include the following: Currently, there isn’t any clear evidence that specific foods cause Crohn’s disease, but some researchers think a diet low in fruit and vegetables may increase the risk. There’s also some evidence that eating a lot of meat or table sugar, called sucrose, may increase the risk of Crohn’s. Crohn’s and Colitis UK warns that making changes to your diet may help you manage some common symptoms of Crohn’s and Colitis, such as loose and runny stools, dehydration, bloating, wind, constipation, weight loss, tiredness, nausea and vomiting and pain. Taking vitamins and supplements such as iron, vitamin B12 and vitamin D may help to maintain levels as individuals are not able to absorb them from food. 