Manchester United hero Rio Ferdinand jumped to the defence of Ralf Rangnick earlier this week while appearing to take a shot at Liverpool's recent run of form. Ferdinand raised eyebrows when he pointed out the fact United had more points on the board than Liverpool since Rangnick took over while the two rivals were enjoying contrasting fortunes on and off the field.  “There is really a Debbie Downer on Rangnick and Man United at the moment,” Ferdinand told his Vibe with Five YouTube channel. “Yes I think the fixture list, whilst he has been there, has been favourable to Man United. But only Man City have picked up more points since he has come. “They have picked up 28 points. Man United have picked up 25 - so he can’t be doing as badly as it is spoken about in the media. In terms of points, he is a pass at the moment. “Everyone is saying, ‘Liverpool are flying - Liverpool, oh my God, it’s Championship-winning form now.’ They haven’t had as many points in the bag as Rangnick since he has been here.” When Ferdinand made his claims, United had taken 25 points from 12 top flight games under the former RB Leipzig boss. JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash  But that same run has seen United drop points against Newcastle, Wolves, Aston Villa, Burnley and Southampton. Liverpool had also played one game less than United in that same period with Jurgen Klopp's side only dropping points against Tottenham, Leicester and Chelsea. And Ferdinand's defence of Rangnick was under question once again following their dismal draw against Watford. United were lacklustre as they came up against the Hornets and lacked a cutting edge in front of goal as Watford held them at bay. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     Despite their failure to score, United had a staggering 22 shots and Cristiano Ronaldo saw an effort ruled out after he strayed offside. Ronaldo also struck the post, while Bruno Fernandes wasted two glorious first half opportunities. And Rangnick bemoaned his side’s finishing ability after the match. “We did everything apart from score,” Rangnick said.   “It's hard to take that result. We need to be sharper in front of goal - you can hardly create more chances than we did today. In the end it is a very frustrating afternoon. “Sometimes we are unlucky, when we hit the post, but we also had a few opportunities one-on-one with the goalkeeper. “This is not luck - it is a question of sharpness and efficiency in front of goal.” The draw means fourth-placed United are now two points clear of Arsenal. But the Gunners have three games in hand and will fancy their chances of leapfrogging their rivals in the upcoming weeks.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here