The Labour leader Keir Starmer was grilled over his support for Jeremy Corbyn by Sky News presenter Mark Austin. He said: "You say in the past we haven't been strong enough with Putin. Isn't the problem here that you supported a Labour leader who actually wanted a weaker NATO, not a stronger NATO?" Sir Keir replied: "The Labour Party was there at the founding of NATO. "The Labour Secretary of State signed the treaty which I saw for myself when I visited NATO headquarters two weeks ago to express our unshakeable support for NATO. "Labour support of NATO has been there from the very beginning." Mr Austin interjected: "Sorry to interrupt but Jeremy Corbyn wanted to stop the expansion of NATO and you were supporting him as leader." READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia conflict could deepen cost of living crisis in Britain Sir Keir continued: "Let me be very clear, the Labour Party has never wavered in its support of NATO. Our policy has never changed. "Jeremy Corbyn was wrong about that but the Labour Party policy never shifted under his leadership." Sir Keir added that the "collective failure of the West" in the past response to Vladimir Putin may have emboldened the Russian president. He said: "I do think that the failure, the collective failure, of you know, the West... in relation to action he's taken in the past, so many examples - Georgia, Crimea, Donbas - have given him the sense that as I say the benefits of aggression outweigh the costs. "We have to be clear that that isn't the case here in relation to Ukraine and that that response package from the rest of the world will be so strong that it will not only isolate Russia but also cripple its ability to function." It comes as a "small number" of Labour MPs who signed a statement which criticised Nato have withdrawn their names, the party has confirmed. Some 11 Labour MPs had signed the statement issued by the Stop The War Coalition over the situation in Ukraine. But after being threatened with the removal of the whip, all names were withdrawn, with a party spokesperson saying the move showed Labour was "under new management" with Sir Keir. DON'T MISS How will Ukraine crisis affect UK cost of living? [INSIGHT]'Real danger’ petrol and diesel prices will hit £1.60 a litre [ANALYSIS]Sky News ends Ukraine broadcast early as sirens cause reporter panic [VIDEO] Stop The War, which was initially launched to oppose US military action in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks in 2001, says it stands against what it describes as Britain's "disastrous addiction to war". But it has repeatedly come under fire for alleged anti-Western sentiments. In the statement issued earlier this month on Ukraine, the group accused the British Government of "aggressive posturing" and that Nato "should call a halt to its eastward expansion". The statement was signed by Diane Abbott, John McDonnell, Richard Burgon, Ian Lavery, Beth Winter, Zarah Sultana, Bell Ribeiro-Addy, Apsana Begum, Mick Whitley, Tahir Ali, and Ian Mearns.