The Queen won't carry out the remote engagements pencilled in her diary for today as she continues to battle COVID-19, the palace said. In an update shared on Tuesday morning, Buckingham Palace stated the sovereign remains symptomatic. The announcement read: "As Her Majesty is still experiencing mild cold-like symptoms she has decided not to undertake her planned virtual engagements today, but will continue with light duties." These include dealing with the Government's red boxes, which the monarch receives daily and contains an array of documents needed to be visioned by the Queen and, at times, signed off by her. The palace added: "Further engagements to be decided in due course." This comes two days after the Queen's office announced the monarch had contracted COVID-19. Sparking concerns for the monarch's wellbeing, Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "Buckingham Palace confirm that The Queen has today tested positive for Covid. "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week. "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines." The sovereign's keenness to continue to work was made apparent just hours after this worrying announcement, when she signed off a statement congratulating the female and male curling teams who won a gold and silver medal respectively on the final days of the Winter Olympics. READ MORE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed On Monday, the Queen released another statement, this time addressing Brazilians affected by deadly floods earlier this month. She wrote: "I am deeply saddened to hear of the tragic loss of life and destruction caused by the terrible floods in Brazil. "My thoughts and prayers are with all those who have lost their lives, loved ones and homes, as well as the emergency services and all those working to support the recovery efforts."  Among the engagements the Queen is expected to undertake in these coming days, there is also her weekly audience with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Prior to the pandemic, the sovereign and the Prime Minister normally held their meetings in person on most Wednesdays. But, since mid-March 2020, this appointment has mostly taken place over the phone. Among the topics the sovereign and Mr Johnson could discuss if the audience went ahead there are the Prime Minister's plans to "live with Covid" and end all remaining restrictions first enforced at the beginning of the pandemic. The Queen's Covid diagnosis came just days into the Platinum Jubilee year. This historic milestone was officially reached on February 6, on the 70th anniversary of the sovereign's Accession Day. The monarch spent the day privately but the palace marked it by sharing a never-before-seen picture showing the Queen at work. On the previous day, February 5, the monarch had stepped out of Wood Farm, where she resided during her break in Norfolk, to host a reception for local charities in the ballroom of Sandringham House. On that occasion, the Queen walked around the ballroom to meet her guests using a light walking stick. She did so also a few days later, following her return to Windsor Castle, for an in-person audience with the incoming Defence Services Secretary Major General Eldon Millar and his predecessor Rear Admiral James Macleod. The 95-year-old sovereign was first spotted using a cane during an engagement in October. At the time, a palace source said the Queen was using the stick "for comfort".