This crisis is typified by the departure of Dame Cressida Dick as Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, Britain's most senior officer. The manner of her exit at the end of last week was characteristic of her chequered time in charge, dominated by political turmoil and an air of chaotic incompetence. When first appointed in 2017, she was hailed both as a reformer who would change the toxic culture of the Met and as a pioneer for diversity because of her identity as a lesbian. But her leadership became embroiled in bitter controversies, such as the fall-out from the murder of Sarah Everard by serving officer Wayne Couzens, the exposure of rampant bigotry at Charing Cross police station and Operation Midland, the botched investigation into a paedophile ring at Westminster. Dame Cressida, who is walking away with a colossal payoff, was also perceived to have mishandled the highly sensitive inquiry into alleged breaches of lockdown by Downing Street during the Covid pandemic. Ruthlessly opportunistic, the London Mayor Sadiq Khan seized on her problems to express his lack of confidence in her. For him, this move had the additional benefit of undermining the Home Secretary Priti Patel, who had only renewed Dick's contract last September. Yet the focus on politics ignores a more fundamental issue. By far Dame Cressida's greatest weakness was her failure to make the capital a secure place. Knife crime has spiralled out of control. In 2021 a record 30 teenagers were killed in the city. Yet the Met cleared up just 10 percent of violent attacks, 8.7 percent of robberies and 5.5 percent of burglaries. Dame Cressida never found "sorry" the hardest word - apology was her default mode - and in 2019 she expressed her contrition at these "woefully low" detection rates. "It's not good and I'm not proud of it," she said, but did nothing to bring about an improvement. London is hardly unique. The same pattern can be found throughout the country. Nationally, just 6.8 percent of violent assaults end up in a charge or court summons, while just one reported rape in every 77 cases is prosecuted. Speculation about Dame Cressida's successor has predictably become enmeshed with fashionable ideology. Advocates of a new approach in British policing increasingly sound as if they want a social work director or a diversity campaigner in the role. Dal Babu, an adviser to Mayor Khan, says that the job is about "engaging with the community and working more effectively in partnerships". Sue Fish, the former head of the Nottinghamshire Constabulary, argues that the new chief needs "high levels of empathy". Others maintain that Dick's successor should be "a feminist", in line with the belief that police forces should strive to reflect the make-up of the population. But here is no gender balance among perpetrators of crime. The vast majority of dangerous offenders are masculine, just as 93 percent of all killers in Britain are men. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Such a reality requires a tough policy, not virtue-signalling. By far the most important qualification for the next Met chief - and any other British police boss - is an impressive record as a crime fighter. Our country needs police leaders who want to put fear into offenders rather than sympathize with their invented victimhood. Since Dame Cressida quit, we have been constantly told how the top post at the Met has become an impossibly difficult job, responsible for a complex organisation of 43,000 people and a host of national duties such as counter-terrorism. But this hand-wringing is overdone. At heart, the key mission of the police remains as always: to tackle criminality and protect the public. In the early 1990s, the violent urban landscape of New York was transformed by Commissioner Bill Bratton, not by academic theorising but by a resolute enforcement of the law. "You want to reduce crime and restore order? It's pretty simple. Focus on crime with quick and certain responses," he wrote. That is the spirit we now require at the Met.With a determined figure at the top, the force can again become one of the most admired in the world.