Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley spoke with MP Andrew Bridgen and Dr Rachel Clarke during Monday's Good Morning Britain about whether they think lifting COVID-19 restrictions next week are a good idea. However, Reid was quick to shut down Bridgen when he said "thank goodness" when Dr Rachel's screen froze, leaving her unable to finish what she was saying. The GP, who appeared via video link, slammed the government for thinking it was okay to stop the self-isolation period. However, the MP branded the doctor's comments as "appalling". As Dr Rachel was trying to prove her point about protecting vulnerable people, her screen appeared to freeze. "The line has just frozen," Reid explained before Bridgen replied: "Thank goodness." READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? The host hit back: "Let's have some respect for somebody who works on the front line Andrew Bridgen. "While she was speaking, Dr Rachel Clarke, you said what she was saying was appalling." "Indeed, in what way...we are all going to have to make our own decisions about our own protections required going forward," the MP explained. "In what way does restricting the people who aren't vulnerable, help those that are vulnerable when we have run out of hosts for Omicron to infect?"  He continued: "Why the case numbers are falling..." "Dr Rachel Clarke takes issue with your analysis on herd immunity," Reid chipped in. He went on to explain he looked at the newspapers before Christmas about the reports for Plan B and the cases of coronavirus at that time were mild. "What are you saying..." Reid tried to interrupt before Bridgen added: "I think Omicron might have been the best Christmas gift we could have had. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville to hand in resignation to follow Florence? [VIDEO] The MP's comment sparked outrage with viewers and many took to social media to brand his remark "disrespectful". Jon raged: "@ABridgen proving once again that he’s a disgrace ‘thank goodness ‘ when @doctor_oxfords line went down? Disgusting." (sic) Dave penned: "This has been pathetic from GMB today - shameful." (sic) While Deb added: "@ABridgen how rude you were to @doctor_oxford someone who is a well respected in her field!"   "How dare that vile MP Andrew Bridgen, say ‘Thank goodness’, when Dr Rachel Clarke was trying to emphasise, how many people were still at risk, whilst he then admitted that the withdrawal/availability of LFT’s down to money… He doesn’t give a damn about the most vulnerable," Steph tweeted. (sic) Sasha fumed: "I know who I am listening to and it is not the extremely rude MP who didn’t want the doctor giving a true picture! Disrespectful." "How rude was the MP, disgusting," Denise went on to add. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.