A new survey from Vision Express asked British people which UK landmarks everyone should visit. While some of the answers were very well known, others are more under the radar. Unsurprisingly, the number one spot on British people’s landmark bucket list was Stonehenge. The Neolithic marvel draws tourists from all over the world and became a World Heritage site in 1986. The White Cliffs of Dover drew with Stonehenge for the number one spot on Britons’ bucket lists. A symbol of home for many soldiers during the war, the White Cliffs of Dover have a special place in many Britons’ hearts. READ MORE: 'Kids are kings here': Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' Around 40 percent of surveyed Britons said that Stonehenge and the White Cliffs of Dover were the best sites in the UK. In second place was Snowdonia in Wales. The national park is home to the highest mountain and largest mountain lake in Wales. The beautiful region is popular with staycationers but tourists will need to be prepared if they intend to climb Snowdon. While the climb takes between five and seven hours, it can be strenuous and tourists should wear good shoes. The third bucket list spot was Ben Nevis in Scotland. The highest mountain in Scotland and the British Isles is an incredible sight. Just under 40 percent of Britons thought people should put Ben Nevis on their bucket list of UK sights. Lake Windermere in the Lake District took the fourth spot and is the largest natural lake in England. The Lake District is popular with international and domestic tourists and staycationers should book early if they want to secure a good deal on accommodation. In fifth place was stunning St Ives Harbour in Cornwall. The gorgeous town has a buzzing cultural scene and delicious seafood. Normally packed during the summer months, tourists can usually find a better deal outside of peak season. Cheddar Gorge in Somerset was the next most popular spot with 32 percent of Britons voting for it. Britain’s oldest complete skeleton, Cheddar Man, was found in the limestone gorge in 1903. 