Season 6 of Outlander is set to return to our TV screens within weeks, but star Sam Heughan has admitted the storylines can be tough. He expressed particular sympathy for the uncomfortable corsets that his female co-stars are compelled to squeeze themselves into to get into the spirit of the show. Talking on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show this week, he agreed with the BBC Radio 2 host that the storylines - and accompanying clothing - can be both "brutal" and "tough". "A lot of the costumes are pretty authentic actually," the star, who plays Highland Warrior Jamie Fraser, revealed. He conceded: "I have to say I'm pretty lucky because I don't have to wear a corset!" "Well, not yet - one day I might have to!" READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "But the women on our show, they have to wear these corsets [and] I don't know how they do it! "There are some really tough scenes and this season, I hate to say it, it's no exception." He added ominously: "It goes to some pretty dark places pretty quickly." However, Zoe seemed unperturbed by the admission, enthusing: "I think this is why we love it!" Though the harrowing storylines don't see Sam squeezing himself into painfully tight corsets and feeling forced to re-arrange his ribs, he is, of course, no stranger to the kilt. The patriotic Scot and Men In Kilts star has confessed to donning his fair share of the traditional garment, even during football matches - but, although he has occasionally worried about flashing others, his kilts seem far more comfortable to wear than his female counterparts' costumes. Besides his success on screen, multi-talented Sam is also celebrating being nominated for an award, after co-writing Clanlands: Whisky, Warfare, and a Scottish Adventure Like No Other, with his Outlander co-star Graham McTavish. The book quickly reached number one on the New York Times' Best Seller List but now, the audiobook edition is up for an award too. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  The competition is tough, however, as it includes titles by Oprah Winfrey and Barack Obama. "That's a pretty good sandwich, isn't it, to be stuck in between those two?" Sam enthused. Of course, with success has come a dark side, and, in recent years, the actor, author and producer has taken to Twitter to lay bare exactly how online trolling has made him feel. "After the past 6 years of constant bullying, harassment, stalking and false narrative I am at a loss, upset, hurt and have to speak out," he wrote. "It's affecting my life, mental state and is a daily concern. "My costars, friends, family, myself, in fact anyone I'm associated with, has been subjected to personal slurs, shaming, abuse, death threats, stalking, sharing of private information and vile, false narrative." He added: "[I'd] never spoken about it [before] because I believe in humanity and have always hoped these bullies would just go away. "I can't elaborate for ongoing legal reasons but they are professionals: teachers, psychologists, adults who should know better."