In a special Prime Ministerial broadcast, Mr Johnson said that the war was not in the interests of Russia or the Russian people. Addressing Putin’s people directly, the Prime Minister said it had been a “generation or more since we witnessed such bloodshed in Europe”.  He said: “The scenes unfolding in the streets and fields of Ukraine are nothing short of a tragedy, brave young soldiers and innocent civilians are being cut down, tanks are rumbling through towns and cities, missiles raining indiscriminately from the skies. “It's a generation or more since we witnessed such bloodshed in Europe. “We hoped we would never have to see such sights again. “The people of the United Kingdom stand with our Ukrainian brothers and sisters in the force of this unjustifiable assault on your homeland.  “We salute the fierce bravery and patriotism of your government, your military and your people. “I'm in close contact with President Zelenskyy and as Prime Minister, I speak for us all in the United Kingdom when I say once again, Slava Ukrani (glory to Ukraine).” The Prime Minister’s speech comes as Russian troops reportedly close in on the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. According to the Ministry of Defence, Russian forces have advanced but “continue to face strong resistance from the Ukrainian Armed Forces” READ MORE:'Blood on their hands' Fury as EU nations BLOCK bid to punish Russia They added that Russian troops are approaching the capital from multiple angles. In a chilling prediction, president Zelenskyy said the “fate of the country” would be decided tonight as he warned Russia would “storm Kyiv tonight”. The Prime Minister continued: “This is a tragedy for Ukraine and so too, it is a tragedy for Russia. “Like Ukraine, Russia is a great country with a rich history and a proud people. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: EU savaged for protecting diamonds in Russia sanctions Starmer crackdown on anti NATO youth wing after Boris 'warmonger' jibe BBC audience member shamed for blaming Ukraine war on Brexit “Like Ukraine, Russia’s poets and artists and authors have shaped our culture, and Russia’s soldiers fought so bravely with us in the struggle against fascism. “But Putin’s actions are leading to complete isolation for Russia, shunned by the rest of the international community, hit by immense economic sanctions and facing a needless and bloody war that is already costing countless lives, from innocent Ukrainians to your Russian soldiers who will never see their families again.” Speaking directly to the people of Russia, the Prime Minister called for the tragedy to end. Speaking in Russian he said: “And to my Russian friends, I do not believe this war is in your name.” Mr Johnson also addressed the Ukrainian people directly in Ukrainian, calling once again for Ukrainian independence. Speaking briefly again in English he said: “This crisis, this tragedy can and must come to an end,” before switching back to the Soviet tongue: “Because the world needs a free and sovereign Ukraine. “Slavi Ukrani (glory to Ukraine).” 