The Dog House aired its final episode of season three on Thursday evening on Channel 4. Viewers were introduced to Margot the brown and white border collie who came to Wood Green, The Animals Charity, after developing an obsession with chasing shadows. While her owner did not want to give her up, she knew it was "the right thing to do" and hoped the loveable pooch would soon be adopted by a new family. Margot the lively collie had become obsessed with chasing shadows and was described as being "manic" by her owner. The dog was young and healthy but the owner was struggling to cope with her high energy as she had difficulties with her own health. So the owner called up the shelter and explained why she felt she had to give up Margot. A phone call to the shelter was aired on the show of her saying: "She's not just a collie, she's excessively manic." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? Due to her obsession with shadows, she needed professional help from the team at the shelter. Later on in the episode, the owner's daughter had the heartbreaking task of dropping Margot off at the rescue centre. She explained: "We got her as company for my mum and my mum was more mobile at the time but I was getting concerned because mum makes it into the garden maybe once or twice a day and tries to play frisbee with her but it's just got less and less and Margot is just not getting the exercise." "It's just all getting too much for my mother," she added as a curious Margot was investigating her surroundings.  She later admitted Margot chased her shadow "pretty much all day" if there is something to follow and the staff member stressed how much mental stimulation collies need due to their high intelligence. "We know this is absolutely best for Margot," the guest said with a heavy heart before she started getting emotional about saying her goodbyes. As she let go of Margot's lead she started crying and had to wipe away her tears and pat her for one final time before leaving. The staff member gave Margot treats to distract her after the owner left and later took her to a vet who could look into her compulsive shadow chasing. DON'T MISS...‘We broke down’ The Dog House family shares story behind rescuing pup [EXCLUSIVE]The Dog House viewers cry as owner forced to give up dogs 'Poor woman [LATEST] 'Poor girl' The Dog House fans in tears over dog used for breeding [REACTION] Later in the episode, a couple were matched with Margot and thought she would be the ideal walking companion. Kat, who decided to adopt the bubbly pup with her partner, said: "The first weekend we had her home we really saw the shadow chasing to its full extent." However, she said Margot has got noticeably better and she tries to walk her an average of ten miles a day. Many viewers were left in tears over Margot's adoption and took to Twitter to comment on her new life.  The Dog House is available to watch on All 4. 