“We hosted a coffee morning in Main Building which had a great turn out. In the afternoon, we hosted a book club webinar where we discussed our favourite LGBT+ books,” it disclosed. How heartening to know that the Whitehall department in charge of the UK’s armed forces places such a high priority on celebrating in working hours the sexualities and literary interests of its lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans-sexual staff. Perhaps over the next few days it might also find time to address the brutal invasion of a peaceful European country by the increasingly demented dictator who presides over the world’s biggest nuclear arsenal. The triviality and comical introspection that increasingly dominates life in our corridors of power is echoed by the obsessive interest much of our broadcast media has taken in the so-called “partygate” story – the question of whether various gatherings held in 10 Downing Street, some of which were attended by Boris Johnson, were consistent with the Government’s own emergency lockdown laws. If Vladimir Putin has a sense of humour, and admittedly there is not much sign of that, he will no doubt be clutching his sides at the notion that the one European leader willing to expend significant political capital standing up to him could be toppled for the sin of being presented with a birthday cake. Yet we needn’t think we are a special case in Britain when it comes to displaying decadence in the face of an existential threat. On the European mainland they positively outclass us. Under the undeservedly revered Angela Merkel, Germany abandoned its nuclear energy capability in favour of becoming massively reliant on Russia to supply it with natural gas. Western Europe’s allegedly best-run country compounded the error by failing to invest in its own military capabilities to the point that General Alfons Mais, the head of its army, admitted this week: “The army that I am privileged to lead is more or less bare. The options that we can offer the politicians to support the alliance are extremely limited. We all saw it coming and were not able to get through with our arguments.” The same is true for many European countries, including Italy and to an extent even France – dependent on Russia for basic energy needs and presiding over under-funded militaries incapable of securing their own national frontiers, let alone taking the fight to an aggressor. No wonder the EU has been blocking the one sanction that could cause Putin immediate pain – the expulsion of Russia from the SWIFT international payments system. As Russia prepares to erect a new Iron Curtain by annexing Ukraine at least up to the river Dnieper, China is watching with an eye to invading Taiwan, which it regards as part of its “greater” territory. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Of course, the West, including Britain, has displayed even greater naivety towards China than Russia. Chinese money now washes through the higher end of our property market and our elite universities alike, buying massive influence. Indeed, only at the eleventh hour did we ban a telecoms corporation controlled by the Chinese Communist Party from a key role setting up our 5G network. This baleful trend of obsessing about political trivia while neglecting basic matters of strategic national importance such as energy security, defence capability and the resilience of supply lines in essential economic sectors must stop. It is time to get real. The liberal Left’s vision of a world in which the vast majority of regimes form a happy family of nations is a fantasy. Russia, China and various countries dominated by Islamist doctrines will always threaten freedom. We must also stop the descent of our own societies into rival groups based around identity characteristics such as race, gender or sexuality and in perpetual conflict with each other. The truth is that we are all threatened by the likes of Putin. After he has done his worst in Ukraine, he may turn his attention to Poland or the Baltic States, these countries are members of Nato and every other member, including the UK, is obliged to defend them. Nato members not fulfilling the obligation to spend two percent of GDP on defence – including Germany and Italy – should not be sheltering under its umbrella. We have been pitched into what will be, at best, a new Cold War. This is no time for virtue-signallers or freeloaders.