Ralf Rangnick has already pinpointed where Manchester United need to strengthen ahead of the transfer window this summer. The German coach wants to bring in three players for the club’s next manager. United interim coach Rangnick has identified three summer signings ahead of the next transfer window for the next manager at the club. The German coach will move upstairs at the end of the season and into a consultancy role after taking the reins on a temporary basis following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s dismissal. There are already a number of names linked with the permanent role, including Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag and Luis Enrique. And Rangnick, whose consultancy duties are yet to be clearly outlined, wants to help bring in three players to aid the next manager’s introduction.  According to the Independent, the ex-Lokomotiv Moscow chief has made signing two midfielders and a striker the top priorities. Specifically, a defensive midfielder is being courted with plenty of options already on the shortlist. West Ham’s Declan Rice remains the main objective while the likes of Boubacar Kamara and Aurelien Tchouameni have also been linked. The other midfielder being eyed is more of a ‘No. 8’, or a box-to-box role, while Rangnick has previously demanded RB Leipzig star Amadou Haidara, a player he knows well after overseeing his arrival at RB Salzburg as well as the Bundesliga. While a striker is on United’s radar, this might prove to be the trickiest piece of business but perhaps the most integral. Edinson Cavani will leave when his contract expires at the end of the season with a return to South America on the cards. But there are also question marks over Cristiano Ronaldo, who will not want to drop into the Europa League if the Red Devils miss out on the top four. Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland would be a dream purchase but United’s neighbours Manchester City are ahead of the queue for his signature. Harry Kane is another option but whether Tottenham would sell their star man to a direct rival is an unlikely scenario. Pep Guardiola tried to land the England international last summer but Daniel Levy stood firm despite four offers amounting nine-figure sums. However, if Pochettino is brought to the club, then that could have a huge impact on the transfer market.