Speaking in the Commons today, Mr Corbyn urged for NATO to pull back in order to secure a “longer term, secure peace” in Ukraine, but was slammed by Defence Secretary Ben Wallace for not painting Russia as the true “aggressor”. Mr Wootton also criticised “increasingly senile” Presidents Biden and Putin for their rambling speeches on the Ukraine conflict. Mr Wootton said: “It’s the opposite of comforting that two leaders who look increasingly senile potentially hold world peace in their hands. “You’ve got the doddery US President Joe Biden, who at 79 and amid speculation he could be plagued by dementia, was barely able to stumble through a scripted address on the Ukraine crisis, let alone rally the Western world behind him after his shameful Afghanistan withdrawal.” He then moved on to “tyrannical Putin”, adding: “[He] has been branded by the jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny as a ‘senile drunk grandfather’, who would be funny if he wasn’t in charge of the nuclear codes. “Based on his fantastical and somewhat deranged recent addresses to rightly sceptical Russians, Navalny is not wrong.” Putin said in a televised speech this week that modern Ukraine owes its existence to Bolshevik Communist Russia. Mr Wootton continued: “It’s at this moment where the UK, and the world actually, should be grateful and relieved we have a steadfast and focused Boris Johnson in charge, not a Putin apologist like Jeremy Corbyn. “Thank God Starmer didn’t get his way because we’d have a Putin appeasing premier in Corbyn in place at No 10 Downing Street, and the ramifications for the world would have been truly catastrophic.” READ MORE: Ex-NATO Secretary-General slams Russia as tensions rise The Stop the War coalition, of which Mr Corbyn is deputy president, was founded in 2001 in the run-up to the invasion of Afghanistan. However they have been accused of siding with anti-Western politicians and sympathising with NATO’s enemies. DON'T MISS:Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience[INSIGHT]Fightback! Armed resistance erupts as Ukrainians to 'destroy' invaders [SPOTLIGHT]Putin's invasion hell takes horror twist [UPDATES] Writing in The Guardian, Sir Keir Starmer criticised their “naive” response to the current conflict in Ukraine. He wrote: “There is nothing progressive in showing solidarity with the aggressor when our allies need our solidarity and - crucially - our practical assistance now more than ever”.