The portfolio directly contradicts the Prince’s notion of a “slimmed down monarchy” which he wishes to introduce as King. Many people know of Clarence House in London as his official residence with the Duchess of Cornwall and Highgrove in Gloucestershire, which he bought in 1980 and resided in with the Princess of Wales, Prince William and Prince Harry.  However, it is lesser known that the Prince owns an island 28 miles from Cornwall in the Isles of Scilly called Tresco, where Dolphin House can be found. Dolphin House is a royal favourite as a holiday destination as the six-bedroom property offers privacy to the royals when they stay as the island is home only to 175 residents. In 2019, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge enjoyed a summer holiday at the house with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis. The island is only accessible by boat or plane and is the hottest part of the UK, averaging a temperature of 12 degrees Celsius at its lowest and peaking around 35 degrees during the summer.  The island, which is just over one mile large, features tropical flowers and palm trees as it picks up the warm breeze the rest of the UK is not party to. The turquoise waters that lap at the white sandy beaches make this idyllic island a perfect getaway and explains why it is rumoured to be a favourite destination of the Cambridges. Emily and Don Crees who own the Seven Stones Inn spoke about the Scilly Isles in Coast Magazine saying: “We can step into the darkness and see thousands of stars in an uninterrupted night sky. They added: “We couldn’t believe we were still in the UK.” READ MORE:Teacher pictured sipping wine on night 'she bedded pupil' The island was not purchased by Prince Charles but was instead inherited with his title of the Duke of Cornwall. The Scilly Isles are part of the Duchy of Cornwall estate and have been since it began in the 14th century. Only five out of the group of 200 islands are inhabited and it heavily relies upon tourism with more than 85 percent of the local economy being represented by tourism and employing over 70 percent of the population of the islands. Though Prince Charles owns the island, he does not oversee it. Instead, a couple run the business under the Tresco estate which includes Tresco island. DON'T MISS:Brexiteer lists SEVEN reasons Britons should be excited (ANALYSIS)Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life (INSIGHT)Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other' (REACTION)  Other properties in the Princes’ portfolio include Birkhall on the Balmoral Estate in Scotland which previously belonged to the Queen Mother and is where the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall isolated in the beginning of the pandemic. The £1.2 million Llwynywermod residence in Wales has belonged to Charles since 2007 and is found within 192 acres of countryside near Carmarthenshire with three cottages, a barn and a main house. He also owns both the Castle of Mey and Dumfries House located in Scotland. 