Others have paid for extra luggage allowance so they can take more “props” or multiple outfits, have eaten food they didn’t really like, or missed a train or bus. It also emerged more than half (51 percent) can’t imagine not taking pictures on holiday, with 21 percent considering travel selfies to be “mandatory”. And the typical adult will take 14 selfies a day while on holiday – uploading seven images a week onto social media. A spokesman for telecommunications company Virgin Media O2, which commissioned the research, said: “After nearly two years of travel being disrupted by Covid, things are looking brighter for holidaymakers this year. “Whether booking a city break in spring or hitting the beach this summer, our social feeds are set to be full of sea, sunsets and ski slopes throughout the year. “The ease and convenience of inclusive EU roaming means customers are able to keep connected on holiday without the concern of roaming charges.” The study also found natural scenery, glorious sunsets and posing on the beaches are the more favourable selfies taken by travellers. Of those who take pictures, 77 percent do so simply for the memories – but 17 percent want to impress their followers on social media. And 43 percent plan to post good holiday pictures online – with 36 percent posting more pics of their holiday activities than they do when they’re at home. But posting pictures online while on holiday can come with its issues thanks to no access to WiFi (30 percent), concerns about being charged for extra data (25 percent), and running out of mobile data (22 percent). It also emerged that when using their phone abroad, taking pictures (47 percent) is the top priority, followed by looking for directions (33 percent), checking personal emails (28 percent), and planning day trips (22 percent). The Virgin Media O2 spokesman added: “Capturing memories and sharing holiday snaps seems to be an integral part of “holiday-ing” in today’s social-media driven world, and we know that keeping connected while away is crucial to our customers.” 20 THINGS HOLIDAYMAKERS WILL DO TO GET THE PERFECT HOLIDAY PICTURE: