On top of the rising cost of living, those who have been working from home during the pandemic now face all of the added costs of in-office working that they last dealt with in 2019. WeThrift money saving expert Nick Drewe shared exclusively with Express.co.uk eight ways Britons could save up to £2,000 when heading back into the office.  Working in an office five days a week is still a strange concept for many who have become used to their home offices during the pandemic. However, it’s not just a mindset shift that a return to office working will impact, but household finances too. Increased commuting costs at the same time as record high inflation, rising energy bills and an increased cost of living may become too much for some household budgets to bear, which is why Mr Drewe shared the eight easiest ways to save money when returning to the office. Full-time office workers may already be making use of cheaper season transport tickets but those on a hybrid working model might struggle to get the same deals due to their differing commuting periods. However, Mr Drewe suggested flexi transport tickets which can offer slightly cheaper alternatives for commuters.   Mr Drewe commented: “As train fares have increased by 3.8 percent since the start of 2022, there has never been a more critical time to make use of the weekly, monthly or annual train travel passes you’re entitled to. Log your journey on the National Rail Season Tickets Calculator to see how much you can save." He added: “Getting to work by car? Find out where the cheap parking spaces are by using websites and apps like Parkopedia and JustPark. These let owners rent out their unused driveways or other parking spaces, which offer cheaper rates than commercial parks. Seen as the average car park fee in London can be as much as £11 per hour, looking up these rates is definitely worthwhile.” Mr Drewe noted that while the average cup of coffee in a cafe could be as cheap as £2.45 a pop, combining one’s daily coffee spend over a month could cost Britons almost £50 a month and more than £500 per year. While it may not be as exciting as popping out for a brew, making hot drinks at home or in the office can save the average coffee drinker £588 over a single year. Arguably one of the biggest reasons Britons were able to save so much more during the pandemic was the limited opportunity to spend.     Heading back to the office provides this opportunity again, which can be particularly expensive when it comes to buying lunches each day. Mr Drewe revealed the average UK employee spends £10 to £15 on lunch every week, saying: “As tedious as making your lunch the night before can be, doing this will save you these precious pounds.” Similarly, it’s far easier to open the kitchen cupboard when working from home for an afternoon pick me up, but going back into the office could see these snacks multiplying in price. Mr Drewe recommended furthering one’s wellbeing instead by going on walks or reading a book. When working from home it is easy to find chores or entertainment to fill one’s lunch hour or break time, and in a city office setting this is likely to turn into shopping sprees instead.  Mr Drewe recommended furthering one’s wellbeing instead by going on walks or reading a book . Having been out of the office for so long can make it easy to forget all of the perks, discounts or incentives one used to have in the office. Whether this includes retail discounts, gym memberships or a variety of other incentives, Mr Drewe recommended workers make the most of these to minimise their own out of pocket spending. Mr Drewe said: “If you’re not able to take your pet into work, compare the costs offered by different daycare providers. Pet sitter fees could average between £15 to £20 a day, but most doggy daycare centres will offer package rates often at a discount.  “There are also apps such as BorrowMyDoggy which allows you to connect with people who would be willing to care for your pet, for the annual fee of £44.99.” Similarly, a slight baby boom noted during the pandemic has left many new parents worried about childcare costs when returning to the office. However, the tax free childcare scheme grants parents £500 for every three months for each of their children to help cover childcare costs. This can equate to up to £2,000 per year. Under this scheme, parents pay up to 80 percent of the costs per child with the government covering the remaining 20 percent. Mr Drewe concluded: “When it comes to saving money when returning to the office, the ultimate key thing is to be  conscious of what you’re spending your money on. As little as these costs can be on the onset, they will add up in the long run.”