Straight after Manchester United and Atletico Madrid’s 1-1 draw, Diego Simeone hurried down the tunnel. Some believe that was a snub to Ralf Rangnick, who was in the opposing dugout. Yet previous comments from the Argentine suggest that isn’t the case. Atletico Madrid were the better side against Manchester United during their showdown at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. They took a deserved lead through Joao Felix in the 7th minute, with the Portugal international’s flying header sailing past David De Gea. However, United dug deep and managed to earn a draw through substitute Anthony Elanga - who kept his cool to slot past Jan Oblak. After the game, Simeone went straight down the tunnel. But it certainly wasn’t a snub to Rangnick, who was overseeing his first Champions League knockout stage game as United manager. Last year, Simeone explained that he doesn’t normally shake hands after a match because he doesn’t ‘like it’. “I never shake hands after a match, because I don’t like it,” he said in October. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “It isn’t healthy for either the one who wins or the one who loses. I always go without shaking hands at the end of the game.” And Simeone then said a few weeks later: “I don’t like the handshake greetings after the match as they are the emotions of two different sides in different emotional minds. “I know in the UK it is a custom and all about chivalry, but I don’t share it and I don’t like the falseness.” That clarifies the matter. And that also explains why United fans shouldn’t expect Rangnick and Simeone to shake hands in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford, either. Speaking after the match last night, the Atletico boss also expressed a belief the Red Devils would be different in the next game. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “We are in the same position as before the game started, nothing changes from yesterday or today,” stated the Argentine. “We’re tied. “We are going to play the second leg in their home, in front of their fans, they will probably play more with more verticality and drive than they did today and they will have more aggressiveness in front of their fans, which will cause them to play at a higher rhythm. “They will have a higher pace, which is what they normally show when they play in the Premier League. “But what can be better than playing a big game at a fantastic stadium with a fantastic rival like Man United in the Champions League in order to test our level. “We started the second half in which nothing really happened and from a really good play and a really quick transition from United, they found a way to the goal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Maybe they found this adjustment and they showed a really clinical precision. “And of course Antoine Griezmann hit the crossbar again and we could have won the game. “But we saw a team that competes, a team that did a whole lot of good things, a team that is showing strengths and we hope that we keep doing this.” Rangnick, meanwhile, cruised his side’s showing in the first half. “What we played in the first half I still cannot believe,” said the 63-year-old. “We played without conviction, without aggression and that is why we were struggling. “Second half we did better, more possession in areas that mattered and if we played another 10 minutes we might have won the game. “We have to play better in the first half, I was very disappointed by that performance in the first half. "Against and with the ball we were far too apprehensive and did not take any risks. “We only played it in our own half and then it is difficult against a team like Atletico. Their goal was difficult to defend, a brilliant cross and finish. “We have to play with more conviction on the ball, we need more deep runs and the way we scored the goal was exactly that. “This is how we have to play against them."