Tottenham boss Antonio Conte almost ran out of superlatives for his players on Saturday evening after their superb 3-2 win over Manchester City, with special praise being afforded to Ryan Sessegnon. The youngster joined Tottenham in 2019 after he burst onto the scene at Fulham. The London-born talent scored 15 goals in 46 Championship games for the Cottagers as a 17-year-old to pique the interests of clubs across the continent. Tottenham were the ones to prise him from west London in a £25million move, but his White Hart Lane career has yet to develop into what was expected of him. A loan spell to German side Hoffenheim last season did little in helping to force his way into Antonio Conte's plans. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'holds talks' with three stars But after a superb performance at the league leaders, Conte praised the 21-year-old for his efforts. “The three central defenders, but also Sessegnon played a fantastic game, and Emerson. The two midfielders were incredible for their effort,” he said. It marks a potential route into the side for the winger, having made just 11 appearances all season - including a sending off in the loss at minnows NS Mura in the Europa Conference League. The Italian boss was quick to praise his team for their efforts against Pep Guardiola's men.  "For sure it was a great win for us against a fantastic team like Manchester City," Conte jubilantly said. "Compliments to Manchester City because also tonight they showed to be the best team, in my opinion, in the world for their organisation, for the players they have, for Pep. "To win a game like this means we had a perfect performance. We were very good defensively. Before the game, during the press conference, I said we prepared for the game very well, we had a plan. "For sure, when you play against Manchester City, you know the ball possession will be 70 per cent for them. "But I always say to my players, also in the moments we’re defending, in our minds has to be the target to win the ball and to attack. Then when we had possession of the ball we moved the ball very well. "The first goal was outstanding for me because we prepared for this type of situation. "This type of win has to give us confidence to trust in the work we’re doing."