For just a few pounds a month, a VPN adds an extra layer of privacy to your internet browsing, helping to safeguard your data and allowing you access content that's not usually available in your current location, like the Netflix US catalogue in the UK, as well as being able to use your Sky Go account when abroad. To help you figure out which Virtual Private Network (VPN) service is the right one for you, Express.co.uk has rounded up our picks for the best VPN deals available in 2022. This trio of providers offer the ultimate deals – providing a brilliant balance between the best service and monthly price. If you want to make sure you're not overpaying, you need to check out these VPN deals. Express.co.uk has also been testing some of the most popular providers out there to determine the Best VPN of 2022, and if you're only looking to buy a VPN to watch video online, check out our definitive list of the Best VPNs For Streaming. And without further ado, here's the Best VPN Deals you can get right now... VPNs help make sure your internet browsing experience is as secure as possible by encrypting your traffic to safeguard your personal data and online privacy, as well as changing your IP address to keep your location unknown. Besides these privacy and security perks, there are plenty of other upsides to using a VPN, such as fighting broadband bandwidth throttling which can help improve your online gaming experiences. If this sounds like something you're interested in the good news is you can access a VPN for just a few pounds per month. That's a small price to pay for the extra peace of mind a VPN offers. If you're interested in signing up to a virtual private network then Express.co.uk has more details below about what some of the biggest providers offer, and the best VPN deals they're running right now... If you're looking to take advantage of the enhanced security and privacy a VPN offers but want a low price then Surfshark should be on your radar. On its website, Surfshark, which only was founded a few years ago in 2018, says it's the "leading VPN for an honest price". And Surfshark lives up to this name with an amazing money-saving deal running right now that offers access from just £1.72 a month. This is for a 24-month contract, and offers a whopping saving of 82 percent, with Surshark usually priced at £9.67 for one month. For two years access to Surfshark you will be billed £44.62, and this is fully refundable for 30 days. You'll also get two months access thrown in for free. Alternatively, you can also get 12 months access to Surfshark for £2.98 a month. That's a 69 percent saving on the typical Surfshark price, and you'll be billed £35.75 for the 12 month period. SEE THE DEAL HERE Even if you've never used a VPN before, chances are you've heard of NordVPN - thanks to high-profile tie-ins with big names such as Liverpool FC and YouTuber PewDiePie. If you want access to NordVPN then right now the leading VPN provider is running a deal that offers a £141.60 saving. This exclusive offer on the NordVPN website slashes the price of VPN access to just £2.89 a month. This is a 67 percent saving on the typical price, and the offer is on the two-year NordVPN plan. If you opt for this option you'll be billed £69.36 for the first two years worth of access to NordVPN. However, the typical price for this package is £210.96. SEE THE DEAL HERE ExpressVPN offers a 100 percent money-back guarantee for your first 30 days of service. ExpressVPN packages include access to all ExpressVPN apps, 24/7 customer support and high-speed unlimited bandwidth. And right now ExpressVPN is offering a 49 percent saving on its 12 month plan. This reduces the monthly cost from £9.80 to £5.05. Plus, you'll get an extra three months access thrown in entirely for free! If you sign up for this popular package you'll be billed £75.60 instead of the typical £146.90. SEE THE DEAL HERE If you're thinking of trying out one of the other VPN providers on the market, then here are the latest offers running right now from other firms... • Ivacy - £1.48 per month for two years - GET THE DEAL HERE• PureVPN - £1.48 per month for two years - GET THE DEAL HERE• Private Internet Access - £1.67 per month for three years and three months - GET THE DEAL HERE• Cyber Ghost - £1.75 per month for three years and three months - GET THE DEAL HERE• Proton VPN - FREE or £3.37 per month - GET THE DEAL HERE• IP Vanish - £2.80 per month for a year - GET THE DEAL HERE You may have heard the term VPN bandied around a lot, but what does it actually mean? A VPN is a virtual private network, and as the name suggests it offers users a private way to access the internet. Doing exactly as it says on the tin, a VPN adds an extra layer of security when surfing the web by protecting your internet connection and privacy. A VPN will hide your IP address (the unique identifier used to label the computer and network you use to access the net) as well as create an encrypted tunnel for your data. Besides keeping your data safe from any potential prying eyes, using a VPN will also let you access sites and services that aren't available in your country. So, for instance if you're abroad and you're trying to access a UK website that you usually can't visit in a different country due to geo-blocking then you will be able to do so. VPNs are beneficial for a wide range of reasons. Besides being able to access sites or services that are usually off-limits to you due to location blocking, there are also other tangible perks. Using a VPN can help also improve your internet connection as it will fight bandwith throttling from your ISP (internet service provider). It can also, conversely, slow down your internet connection in some cases. But given the benefits of using a VPN that may seem like a small price to pay. A VPN can be used on a wide-range of devices, from your Windows or Mac laptop along with Android or iOS smartphones and tablets. 