Don Warrington portrays the grumpy yet lovable Commissioner Selwyn Patterson in Death in Paradise who has been in the comedy-drama from the very first episode. For years, viewers have been keen to know more about both his BBC character, as well as the 70-year-old actor himself. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Warrington when he is away from the cameras. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. Actor Don Warrington is notoriously private when it comes to his personal life. He rarely talks about his loved ones in interviews and doesn't have any social media to speak of. This is why few details are known about his family but it is known that he is married to Mary Maddocks who was in the West End production of The Rocky Horror Show. More so, the couple share two grown-up sons together with one who has followed in his parents' footsteps. READ MORE: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley Warrington is the dad to sons Jacob and Archie with the latter going by the name Archie Maddocks. He has been performing stand-up comedy since August 2012 and was a finalist in the NATYS (New Acts of the Year Show) in 2014. Archie has been spotted a couple of times by the public eye alongside his dad, the first was in November 2008 when Warrington was honoured with an MBE for services to drama. Four years later, Archie was in the audience during the People's Award ceremony where his dad was awarded the People's Favourite at Theatre Royal Stratford East. Speaking to The John Fleming blog, Archie talked about how his parents have influenced his career. He explained: “The main thing I get from both of them is they understand the art of performance and the need to perform. "It’s not something you choose to do. It’s something that you can’t not do. "I’d rather be poor and do something I enjoy than be rich and have to go into work every day at something I don’t like and be miserable. "I’d rather live outside in the cold literally – I hope I don’t, but…” DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [CAST]Death in Paradise's Commissioner Selwyn replaced as fans spot clue? [THEORY]Don Warrington age: How old is the Death in Paradise actor? [AGE] Opening up about the latest series of Death in Paradise, Warrington told press, including Express.co.uk, that more will soon be revealed about the Commissioner. He said: "I have a suspicion that we will find out a little bit more about Selwyn. It's all I can say at the moment, I'm under embargo. "There's a man over there with a gun and if I say anymore, that's me finished. "I think we will learn a bit more about Selwyn and the more you learn about a character, the more enigmatic they become." Season eight comes to an end this week with one final episode left to air. The description for the instalment reads: "When a prestigious chess match ends in murder, the team must work out how and why the killing was carried out. "Meanwhile, the commissioner is confronted with his past by the very last person he was expecting to see." Death in Paradise season 11 concludes on Friday, February 25, at 9pm on BBC One.