Bukayo Saka is set to delay discussions over a new contract with Arsenal until the end of the season in order to focus on helping the club in their fight for a top-four finish. The Gunners are eager to open talks with their prized asset over a fresh long-term contract but will have to wait before tieing him down for the long-term. Saka is halfway through his current deal, which expires in June 2024 and is thought to be worth around £35,000-a-week, so there is no sense of urgency for him to sign on the dotted line. But the Gunners want to reward the England international for his fine form after becoming a key player for Mikel Arteta's side. The Hale End academy graduate has scored 19 goals in 117 appearances since making his debut under former manager Unai Emery in November 2018 against Vorskla Poltava. His performances have been crucial to Arsenal’s resurgence this season, with seven goals and four assists in 24 Premier League appearances in the current campaign. He has also become a regular feature of England's international setup, winning 14 caps and scoring four goals, and the youngster made a big impression at Euro 2020. JUST IN: Arsenal owner Kroenke to aid Edu with ‘significant summer outlay’ The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Liverpool, Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Real Madrid in the past when it first emerged he could leave the club on a free transfer in 2019. His recent displays have only made him more desirable to European’s elite, with his versatility and ability making him a valuable asset in the transfer market. However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano reports that Saka is ‘really happy’ to stay at the Emirates Stadium and ‘loves the club’, which will no doubt give the north London side a huge boost in their negotiations. It is understood the attacking midfielder is keen to hold off on signing a new deal until the end of the current campaign, with Arsenal involved in a four-way battle for Champions League qualification. MUST READArsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in cup finalArsenal star Gabriel clears up issue surrounding Aubameyang exitArsenal transfer target Martinez 'makes decision over Inter future' But the chances of him leaving the Emirates Stadium anytime soon appear to be slim at best, with the midfielder belonging to the club since the age of eight. Arsenal are currently sixth in the Premier League table and are well-positioned to leapfrog Manchester United into fourth if they win one of their two games in hand. Securing Champions League football for the first time since the 2016-17 campaign would be all the encouragement Saka needs to commit his future to the club. Arteta recently addressed speculation linking Saka with a move to Liverpool, with the Spaniard claiming that it shows he is doing the right things for the club. “I think that’s great news when you have a lot of talk and people willing for you players, it’s a really good sign," said Arteta ahead of the FA Cup tie against Nottingham Forest on Sunday. "They should be proud because that means they are doing extremely good work." On Saka's progress, Arteta added: "I am really happy with Bukayo, and with what he’s doing, with how he’s development and the importance he has on the team. "Most importantly with the impact that he’s able to make in each game. "This is something that we want to keep improving in each game, because he has the capacity to do it." Arsenal have been able to rest between their fixtures, despite having a number of games in hand, with their next fixture against Watford on March 6.