Research from AXA Global Healthcare found that the main reason British expats move home is due to culture shock. The study looked at the factors that can cause difficulties for expats. Caroline Walmsley, global head of HR at AXA Global Healthcare, said: “It probably comes as no surprise that for those whose language skills aren’t as strong as they might like, getting to grips with the local language is a major cause of culture shock. “Everyday conversions that might previously have been taken for granted, such as asking for restaurant recommendations, passing the time of day or ordering a coffee suddenly become incredibly daunting tasks.” While British expats in countries such as the USA and Australia will have no language issues, Britons in Europe could struggle. Areas such as Spain’s Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol have large expat communities where many people are likely to speak English. READ MORE: British expat shares why living in Spain 'can be hard' However, expats with no Spanish might struggle to get by in smaller or more rural towns with few expat residents. Caroline said: “Even if you aren’t trying to hold a conversation, simply hearing a language that you don’t understand being spoken all around you can be incredibly isolating.” She recommends that expats spend some time learning the local language before moving abroad. She said: “It might not be enough to become fluent but having at least a basic understanding of the local language is sure to help a new expat feel like less of an outsider.” Trying new cuisines and flavours can be one of the most exciting aspects of relocating abroad. However, food can also be a major cause of culture shock for homesick British expats. Caroline said: “Being unable to get hold of the foods they’re used to at home can suddenly cause a real problem. “Depending on where they’re based, how different the local cuisine might be and even the type of packaging used for foods, it can even be a challenge just knowing what’s actually available for you to eat.” Vegetarians and vegans might struggle in certain countries where meat is a central part of the diet. Caroline recommends that expats look out for international supermarkets and says employers could help new expats find familiar foods. British expats can also buy British favourites on popular websites such as British Corner Shop. Time differences can be a major challenge for new expats, particularly for those moving further afield. Caroline said: “Being able to call or message friends, family or colleagues back home can make all the difference for a struggling expat. “There can sometimes be no greater challenge than when they’re based in a country so far away that they have to contend with a radically different time zone.” She recommends that employers allow colleagues to experiment with flexible hours to reach family and friends. British expats could also schedule a regular time every week to contact family and friends back home.