When we consider that it is less than two years since the pandemic broke out, it drives home what a remarkable achievement this announcement, a month ahead of originally planned, represents. Boris Johnson has been proven right and the scale of the achievement has been eloquently outlined by his Health Secretary Sajid Javid in this newspaper today (Thursday, February 10). “Our country has made enormous strides in the fight against Covid,” he says. “We delivered the fastest vaccine rollout in Europe and the public answered the call and stepped up to Get Boosted Now ‑ which has allowed us to get through the worst of winter and the Omicron wave.” As he puts it, “the wall of defence” built up through an arsenal of vaccines, antivirals and tests have made Britain the freest country in Europe if not the world. This means that it is Britain leading the way in learning to live with Covid. We should be grateful for the political leadership that has got us this far so quickly, but also for the scientists and hard-working staff in the NHS and elsewhere whose dedication has paid off. Sadly, the end to the shadow of restrictions is for England only as things stand. We can only hope for the sake of people in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland that the administrations there will quickly see sense and follow suit. The horrendous case of David Minns, and his rare condition amyloidosis, is another reminder that politicians need to look at the law regarding the right to die. The 74-year-old is in terrible pain and openly says a quick heart attack is his best-case scenario. It is because of people like David that the Daily Express’s Give Us Our Last Rights campaign is backing Dignity in Dying’s blueprint for a change in the law. Freedom of choice for those whose daily life is a terrible trial and quality of life can never be restored is important as long as it comes with the proper safeguards to prevent any abuses. News that Britain has taken a huge step towards achieving the holy grail of nuclear fusion is extremely significant. While the details of the experiment at Abingdon in Oxfordshire may go over most people’s heads, the results could ultimately lead to much more energy being produced than we can now. That in turn should lead to much cheaper energy bills without having to strip out our boilers or fill beauty spots with turbines. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea