Simon Cowell, 62, recently suffered a huge scare after he crashed his electric motorbike and broke his wrist. The Britain’s Got Talent judge crashed after taking a corner too fast near his West London home. But the accident could have been much worse as the TV star was not wearing a helmet at the time. Simon has now revealed he had other health woes concerning him that same week. As well as breaking his wrist, the entrepreneur lost a tooth and later tested positive for coronavirus. He told Extra: “In one week, I broke my wrist, tooth fell out because I was eating peanut brittle, [and then] a day after that, I tested positive for Covid.” Speaking about the bike incident, Simon said that he “knocked myself out”. He continued: “There were some people nearby, thank God, so they stopped the traffic. “I was in a bit of a daze… I got back on my bike and drove one-armed back to the house. “That’s how nutty I was.” In an interview earlier this month, Simon clarified that his tyres slipped from under him. He told ITV News about how he could not wait to get back to cycling. Simon also confessed he did not want to get scolded by his seven-year-old son Eric. Simon explained: "I mean actually the one thing - the only thing that scared me genuinely was when I was coming back from the hospital, knowing that Eric, my son, was waiting for me to tell me off. READ MORE...Dawn French shares 'real trigger' for hair transformation [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [NEWS] “So, it was kind of like when I was a child, I was afraid of going home when I’d done something wrong.” He continued: “It was literally that and I got the biggest telling off – ‘daddy you didn’t wear a helmet’, blah, blah, blah. “So yeah, lesson learnt. It could have been worse if I’m being honest.” But this was not the first time Simon suffered a cycling injury following a fall. Simon nearly broke his back in August 2020 when cycling in Los Angeles. He went through reconstruction surgery after suffering a broken spine in August 2020. Simon was then bed bound for several weeks and also had to wear a back brace.