Fortnite developer Epic Games is getting ready to unleash a brand new update, as version 19.30 comes to Battle Royale, Creative and Save the World. Two weeks after the last one, the new Fortnite update has been given a February 15 release date on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Switch. The patch will add new Uncharted items and Treasure Maps, plus another unvaulted weapon, new skins and lots more. The only downside is that update 19.30 will be accompanied by server downtime, which means you'll have to go without Battle Royale for the duration of the morning. If you're wondering how long Fortnite will be offline for server maintenance, check out the details below for the full downtime schedule. According to Epic Games on Twitter, Fortnite matchmaking will be disabled at 8.30am GMT. If you're already in a match before 8.30am, you can continue to play until servers go offline in full at 9am GMT UK time. At 9am GMT (4am ET), nobody will be able to play Fortnite, and anybody already in a game will be kicked out until maintenance ends. "The v19.30 update is scheduled for release on February 15th. Downtime will begin at 04:00 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes before." While there's no official end time for the server maintenance, downtime typically lasts for around two hours. Unless something goes wrong, this means you'll be able to jump back in to Fortnite at around 11am GMT at the very latest. Express Online will keep this article updated with any new developments. According to Epic Games, fans can expect a big change to the start up process after update 19.30. "With the v19.30 Update, we’re removing the initial screen where you select Save The World, Battle Royale, or Creative game modes. "You’ll now boot up directly into the Lobby, ready to join the party and kick off a match!" Treasure Maps, meanwhile, will be used to find items, and potentially as part of the next wave of weekly challenges. Full Fortnite update 19.30 patch notes can be viewed here.