Northern Irish broadcaster Eamonn Holmes has revealed that where he grew up, in war-torn Belfast during the infamous era of the Troubles, cancel culture "was a bullet in the head". However, the former This Morning presenter has revealed he admires Piers Morgan for his fighting spirit during his own cancel culture scandal, when he clashed with ITV over his Meghan Markle comments. Praising Piers for standing up for his beliefs, he exclaimed: "He saved ITV Breakfast! "Without him, the viewing figures will probably slump because he brought a different way of doing it," he added. "You have to evolve or die." He also related to the host's refusal to suck up to people in the industry, admitting that he and his wife Ruth Langsford are also "not good at kissing bottoms". READ NOW: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death "Sometimes it is really quite pathetic the way some people suck up to influential people," he continued. "Ruth and I have to genuinely like people to socialise with them." Despite this, he also told the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine that he can't quite match Piers' outspoken tendencies explaining: "Piers is much braver than I am. I have absolutely no desire to put my neck on the block and not be liked. "I don't care about anything – outside my family and football team as much as he does."  Eamonn is certainly passionate about his family, after appearing to ignite a feud with his ex co-host Phillip Schofield over him seemingly cutting his wife Ruth Langsford off mid-sentence during a TV broadcast. Fuming that he had a "Belfast street fighter" spirit when it came to his desire to defend her, he added: "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people. He's very passive-aggressive [but] no-one would have snubbed me like that." Eamonn then claimed he was axed after almost 15 years of service to ITV and that he received no explanation as to why the decision was made. He has also revealed that an announcement was made by the channel that he was moving to GB News when, at that stage, they had only written to him to express an interest in working with him. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [DEBATE] Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing [LATEST] Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan [INSIGHT] Dismissing ITV bosses as "sly", he claimed he had been ousted from his long standing role as part of a diversity drive, which saw him labelled too "pale, stale and male". An ITV insider went on to tell The Sun that Eamonn's popularity on This Morning had been dwindling, which the presenter's agent swiftly denied. "I'm not going to have myself derided as some sort of has-been. I may be male and pale but I'm still at the top of my game," the star argued. Eamonn also criticised the ITV team for not enquiring about his health after slipped discs in his back left him struggling with walking aids. An ITV spokesperson has insisted in response to his claims: "This isn't a version of events we recognise," before wishing him "all the best". Eamonn also recently slammed Sir Kenneth Branagh's film Belfast, set in his hometown in the 1960s, for its "historical inaccuracy". Claiming that the director had been asked to include ethnic minority characters in the Oscar-nominated movie to secure funding for it, he revealed: "I said to Kenneth, 'I'm just observing, but we didn't have an Indian corner shop or a black teacher or Chinese pupils in our classrooms in 1969. Belfast wasn't London.' The journalist in me was saying that it was historically inaccurate." Eamonn now presents on GB News with co-host Isabel Webster every weekday from 6am, although he cringes occasionally at his extra-early 2:30am alarm, admitting that a later slot would be "very nice indeed".