Neil Jones has addressed swapping the dancefloor for the judging panel on Strictly Come Dancing as he opened up about following in the footsteps of his co-star Anton Du Beke. His comments come just days before his colleague and pal Oti Mabuse announced her departure from the BBC show after seven years. The 39-year-old dished on his thoughts of taking on the role as a judge alongside current firm favourites, Shirley Ballas, Motsi Mabuse and Craig Revel-Horwood. It comes after the professional dancer revealed his "excitement" after he landed a guest presenting role on CBBC's Saturday Mash-Up last week. The Latin performer has been busy in recent weeks following the end of the Strictly arena tour as well as the main show in December. Speaking about his fellow colleague, Anton, who temporarily joined the judging panel on the BBC show last year after he filled in for regular Bruno Tonioli, as he dished on whether he would ever join the judging lineup. READ MORE: Giovanni's new partner unveiled as pro replaces Rose Neil explained that he is no stranger to judging dance competitions as he has done so in the past. He said: "I've judged a lot in normal [dance] competitions which I do enjoy. "But it is very difficult." Neil added: "It's something I can do but at the same time, when I'm watching a show like Strictly, I get to know [the contestants] so well and it's really hard to be saying things to people when you see how hard they've worked."  The dancer went on to suggest that he had no plans to quit the dancefloor to be a judge. "I respect the judges and what they do. But at the moment, I just enjoy the dancing side," he commented. His remarks come after he was approached to take on the guest presenting role alongside his co-host Kia Pegg on CBBC's Saturday Mash-Up. Speaking about the programme, Neil said: "I think it's the energy of the show because I've gone on as a guest before and I love the show. I think it's great. DON'T MISS... 'No job' Fern Britton claims she faced the 'sack' on This Morning[LATEST]Gordon Ramsay's ‘cremated’ lamb cooked on ‘ashtray’ divides fans[TWITTER]Victoria Beckham 'hints she's making return to Spice Girls'[MUSIC] "I've grown up watching stuff like this when I was younger so it's just really fun." The Strictly performer shared that because he has done so many things behind the camera he enjoys taking on a hosting role. Neil said: "With presenting, it's something nice to do and to learn. It's brilliant, I'm really enjoying it." The Strictly pro explained that while presenting a show is worlds away from dancing he admitted that he loves to take on a new challenge. "I think when you dance and do different things you get used to just jumping in and I'm pretty much a person that if anything is thrown at me and they say, 'Sorry, we need to change that,' I'm fine with it. I'm like, 'Ok, no problem,'" he explained. "I was more excited to get up and do what I needed to do. To learn [my lines] and we're currently going through rehearsals. It's such fun." Saturday Mash-Up! is a British Saturday morning children's magazine entertainment programme on CBBC and BBC Two, which first broadcast in 2017. Meanwhile, Neil recently opened up about another exciting venture as he joins the likes of Justin Bieber and Paris Hilton and many other famous faces who are creating and investing in Non-fungible tokens (NFTs). NFTs are unique cryptographic tokens that exist on a blockchain and cannot be replicated. Quantus Gallery, is the UK’s first NFT Advisory, and co-founder Josh Sandhu said: “The beauty of NFTs is that the possibilities are endless. "There's so much scope to the technology and because of that, celebrities creating unique NFTs is a huge trend and something we believe is only going to get bigger. "We're delighted to be working with Neil and helping out where we can." To find out more about Quantus Gallery visit https://www.quantusgallery.com/