Free TV licences are available to over 75s who receive Pension Credit. Those who live with someone who gets Pension Credit can also get a free licence, as it will cover everyone at an address. A colour TV licence costs £159, making it a potentially worthwhile saving for anyone who can get theirs for free. Pension Credit is a benefit paid to pensioners on lower incomes by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It provides a weekly income top up to those who claim it, as well as the potential access to a free TV licence. This could boost single pensioners’ income to £177.10 per week, or £270.30 for couples. READ MORE: Storm Eunice: Britons hit by power outages may claim £700 if they meet specific criteria There are additional benefits which pensioners may be able to claim as a result of receiving Pension Credit, such as Council Tax Reduction and help with their heating costs. Britons can apply for Pension Credit online via the Government website or by calling the Pension Credit claim line on 0800 99 1234. Britons can get a special licence for just £7.50 if they live in an eligible residential care home. This could save them £151.50 on their TV licence. DON'T MISSPIP, Universal Credit and five other benefits are increasing - how much more will you get? [INSIGHT]Millions having their state pension reduced - are you one of them? [WARNING]Pension alert as your family could face ‘significant tax charge’ if you do not act [ALERT] To qualify, someone must be either: Housing managers can apply on behalf of a resident if they are not able to apply themselves. People who are registered blind, or who live with someone who is, can get a 50 percent discount on their licence. This could reduce the cost of a TV licence to £79.50. The licence must be in the blind person’s name, and a new application can be made if someone needs to transfer it to the blind person’s name. They will need to provide their existing TV licence number when they apply. Britons can apply for a free TV licence online via the TV licensing website. Alternatively, they can also apply by phone on 0300 790 6071 People can apply when they are 74 if they already get Pension Credit to avoid any potential delay in getting their free licence once they turn 75. They will still need to pay for their licence until the end of the month before their 75th birthday, but the licence will then be free as soon as they turn 75.