The DfT said it was looking at whether to make EU Intelligent Speed Assist Technology (ISA) compulsory in new vehicles sold.  If so, it is still considering which vehicle categories would have the tools installed suggesting not every car will need them. The DfT said it is also yet to identify a timescale for when the tools could launch. It is said to be waiting for a new GB type approval scheme to be in place which they claim will be done in due course. A DfT spokesperson said: “We have some of the safest roads in the world and are exploring how new vehicle technology, including Intelligent Speed Assist, could possibly be used to make them even safer.” The confirmation comes a week after motoring experts suggested the DfT was pushing ahead with the project. READ MORE: Elderly drivers slam new EU speed limiters just months before launch The National Body Repair Association (NBRA) said it had contacted the DfT about the new rules surrounding Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology. While responding, the NBRA claimed the DfT provided “further details” about the new EU legislation. According to the NBRA, the DfT is “considering new technologies” in a bid to boost “road safety”. It warned the tools could become “compulsory in new vehicles sold in the UK”. DON'T MISSNew EU speed limiters were ‘in the pipeline before Brexit’  [COMMENT]Drivers could be issued higher penalties under new EU speed limiters [ANALYSIS]New EU speed limiters will not see an end to fines [INSIGHT] It warned the tools could become “compulsory in new vehicles sold in the UK”.  It said a new GB type approval system is currently being built and should be ready by the summer. The NBRA said: “In a letter in response to an enquiry made on behalf of NBRA, the DfT has confirmed the new EU legislation regarding Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) is scheduled to apply to new vehicle types in the EU from July 2022 and all new registrations from 2024. “The DfT said it is considering new vehicle technologies, including ISA, to aid road safety. “New road technologies are currently under consideration whether these technologies should be compulsory in new vehicles sold in the UK and which vehicle’ categories they should apply to once a new ‘GB type approval scheme’ is in place. “The DfT mentioned that this would be ready by mid-2022.” The new ISA tools will be compulsory on all cars sold in the EU from July after a ruling from the EU Commission. AutoTrader has previously warned the UK was expected to take on the new technology despite already leaving the EU. It said the UK has “retained most EU laws for new cars” even after Brexit. The tool will work using sign recognition cameras and GPS data to detect local speed limits. Audio and visual warnings will then be given to drivers once speeds have been exceeded.