Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to scrap the requirement to self-isolate following a positive Covid test this week. His plan has come under fire from some who believe the move is premature, including Good Morning Britain’s medical expert Dr Hilary Jones. He gave Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley his thoughts on Monday morning, but ITV viewers weren’t convinced his comments were genuine. GMB viewers claimed Dr Hilary was more concerned about keeping his job on the ITV talk show than the spread of Covid. His comments received considerable backlash on Twitter after he told Susanna and Richard his views on the PM’s controversial plans to scrap self-isolation. “Those who are infectious or infected can wander about anywhere they want to,” he warned. “Spreading Omicron variant around the country, including in hospitals.” READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Richard interjected to ask: “Do I get disapproval seeping from every pore here?” Quoting the latest figures, Dr Hilary explained: “One in 20 people currently are infected with COVID-19. “If they’re going to visit their relatives in those hospitals that allow visitors, the potential for making people worse, not better, in hospitals, is going to be there. “So I think abandoning all restrictions all at once - especially self-isolation for people who know they’re infected - I think is a mistake.” However, some viewers weren’t on board with Dr Hilary’s criticisms and accused GMB of “scare-mongering” in response to the PM’s expected announcement. Twitter user @paulmc03 said: “No one cares what ‘Dr’ Hilary Jones thinks anymore. “He’s been a constant hypocrite and gloom merchant throughout the pandemic.” And Nick Homewood fumed: “That’s a shock, @GMB and ... Dr Hilary do not want these restrictions to end and for us to live with it, and get on with life and use personal initiative!” DON'T MISS:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Vance tackles new role in first-look [SPOILERS]Discovery of Witches creator sends tribute to writer [COMMENT]  “And still going with the scaremongering! Really is awful what they are doing but it’s done so…” Presenter Richard reasoned the virus was now being treated like the common cold, and the responsibility to self-isolate has now been shifted to the individual. Dr Hilary insisted Covid was more severe than the flu and levelled another criticism at the PM’s plans to do away with free lateral flow tests. “No, it’s not flu,” he argued. “People said from the beginning ‘oh, it’s just like flu’, but you ask 11,000 people…” Richard cut him off to clarify he wasn’t comparing Covid to flu in terms of symptoms, but individuals with a cold still isolate to avoid spreading to friends and family. On Twitter, Aled hit back: “These idiots don’t want it to end ever! And it is just like the flu or a cold for the majority otherwise millions would be dying wouldn’t they.” And viewer David Mitchell said: “Hilary won't let it go, he wants lockdown forever. GMB should have removed him after Ofcom officially warned him of spreading misinformation. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.