Members of the Chelsea squad are understood to be confounded by Mason Mount, Kai Havertz and Timo Werner's lack of playing time together this season, according to reports. The attacking trio were integral for the Blues last season, firing the club to Champions League glory for the second time in Porto last May. Havertz struck the winner that night in Portugal after collecting a defence-splitting pass from Mason. Yet the trio's influence in the final third has been limited this season by Tuchel's continuous rotation. Both Havertz and Mount have enjoyed spells in the side while Werner has had yet another disappointing campaign. The German forward has only played 11 times in the Premier League, netting just once. READ MORE: Chelsea 'open talks' over Raphinha transfer as '£20m Leeds relegation clause' emerges His record reads admirably in the Champions League though, having netted three times in four outings. Yet still, he finds himself behind Romelu Lukaku and Havertz in the pecking order at centre-forward while his chances out wide have also been few and far between. According to The Telegraph, some members of the Chelsea squad are somewhat surprised that Tuchel hasn't selected the trio together more. They have started just one match together all season in all competitions - a win over Leeds. DON'T MISSChelsea 'open talks' over Raphinha transfer as '£20m Leeds relegation clause' emergesChelsea and Real Madrid 'discussing Eden Hazard loan' as part of Erling Haaland planTottenham offered reassurance by Alessandro Del Piero after Antonio Conte meeting Tuchel has been keen to embrace the wealth of attacking options at his disposal this season. Hakim Ziyech started out of the fray but he has now worked his way into the starting XI on a regular basis. Christian Pulisic, too, has hit form of late, staking his claim to start. Callum Hudson-Odoi's mid-season form also saw him nail down a spot in the side during a time when Chelsea struggled with injuries. Havertz was back through the middle against Lille on Tuesday night when he operated as a false-nine. It didn't take the former Bayer Leverkusen man long to find the net after he notched within eight minutes. Werner was introduced from the bench while Mount remained on the sidelines. The England international playmaker has recently been struggling with an injury picked up during the FIFA Club World Cup triumph over Palmeiras.