Real Madrid have denied threatening Kylian Mbappe, according to reports. Florentino Perez is eager to land the Paris Saint-Germain star this time around, having previously missed out in 2017. And Los Blancos remain confident he’ll move to the Bernabeu on a free transfer. Real Madrid had been hoping to win the race for Mbappe when he burst onto the scene at Monaco. With Cristiano Ronaldo approaching the twilight years of his Bernabeu career at the time, Perez then got to work when it came to landing Mbappe. The plan would have been for the duo to forge a deadly double act while phasing Ronaldo out in the process. Yet PSG eventually won the race for the forward instead, with the Ligue 1 giants initially signing Mbappe on loan before turning it into a permanent arrangement. Now, they’re facing the prospect of the 23-year-old leaving for nothing come the summer. That’s when his contract will expire and, so far, Mauricio Pochettino’s side have been unable to tie him down to a renewal. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Over the weekend, there were suggestions Madrid had threatened Mbappe. It was stated they’d told him he must move to La Liga now or risk that ship sailing away forever. Yet Marca have now stated that Madrid have responded by denying the claims, insisting Mbappe has enough going on without them threatening him. "He is already withstanding enough pressure," a source is quoted as saying. Real are ‘calm and confident’ of signing the PSG star, however, even if there’s no agreement in place for the time being. And a deal is said to be ‘close’, too. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message PSG, for their part, are still adamant Mbappe will be strutting his stuff at the Parc des Princes next term. And club president Nasser Al Khelaifi recently stated they have ‘hardly any relationship’ with their Spanish counterparts. Al Khelaifi told Canal+: “I don’t hide it, we hardly have any relationship with Madrid. “I’m not going to remember what happened again. “I believe in affordable football for small clubs, they don’t think the same. It’s like that. “Mbappe is a great champion with a steel mentality. “He is an exemplary professional and I can assure you that he only thinks about winning these types of matches. “He is proud to play for PSG, for this city, and he always will be.” Speaking last week, after his goal gave PSG victory over Madrid, Mbappe insisted he hadn’t yet decided on his future. “I’ve not decided my future,” said the former Monaco hitman. “I play for Paris Saint-Germain, one of the best clubs in the world. “This game to influence my future? No — I’ve not decided, I give my best and then we will see what happens next season.” He then added: “How to ignore the (transfer) context? It’s easy, you have to play football. “We ask too many questions, we say too many things. We talk about PSG and Real, two big clubs. “I’m a PSG player, I’m always very happy.”