Escape to the Chateau is a Channel 4 series that follows the life of Dick Strawbridge and his wife Angel Adoree as they try to renovate their family home, Château de la Motte-Husson in France. During their house hunt, Angel knew she wanted to buy the Chateau straight away, and the couple have been creating their dream home ever since. The duo have faced a number of hurdles during the renovation process, especially after they spent the majority of their budget fixing the heating and plumbing. However, more recently they have managed to create a bridal suite so they can carry out their wedding business, and it has been a great success so far. It's no secret the couple have disagreed on certain aspects of the build, although, Angel does seem to get her own way most of the time. And while some couples may find it a challenge to live and work together, Angel and Dick seem to make it work. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? “We do have different workspaces for writing,” Angel explained. “Dick has an office across the hall, but I like to write in our suite to be near the children.” The couple, who also have two children together, Arthur and Dorothy are both at school when their mum and dad have to work or have filming commitments. Angel said since the move, both of their children have picked up the language and can speak French fluently. Dick continued: “Angela’s parents live in the coach house, so we have the best childcare in the world which is an enormous help!” Dick and Angel's work commitments also mean the pair have to travel to different countries. Next month, the couple will be travelling back to the UK and Ireland as part of their Dare to Do It tour. Angel went on to admit that travelling back to see their family can be a challenge. “We love coming over to see the family,” Angela added to the Belfast Telegraph. “Admittedly with Covid things haven’t been easy but at every opportunity, we’ve always been on the first ferry back.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street newcomer Stu Carpenter linked to Charlie Stubbs? [SPOILERS]Vera star speaks out on leaving Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] Dick went to explain that they may be living their dream in France, but for him, Northern Ireland will always be his home. Dick and Angel met in 2010 through a mutual friend at a party, and the engineer admitted they fell in love quickly. Dick was cautious at first as he was aware of their 19 year age gap. However, the couple went on to welcome their son Arthur in 2013, and two years later, Angel was pregnant again with Dorothy and had relocated to France where they began to renovate their incredible new home. In a recent interview with Nihal Arthanayake on BBC Radio 5, Dick admitted he would be upset if his kids decided to move back to London. He said: “I’ll be blunt and I’ll say I think we’d be disappointed if when they grow up the first thing they want to do was go and move back to London. “Do you know what I mean? “That would be sort of a surprise, but I expect them to do it for a bit but not to sort of uproot.” Escape to the Chateau series 1-8 is available to watch on All4.