Protests took place in Manchester, Edinburgh, Newcastle and Bristol, and thousands took to the streets in European countries, including Germany, Norway, Finland and Italy. There were also demonstrations in Georgia, India, Australia, Taiwan and Japan. In Russia anti-war protesters defied warnings from authorities and joined rallies across the country. Police have detained more than 2,490 demonstrators since Thursday, including 48 yesterday, said OVD-Info, which tracks arrests at opposition rallies. In London, thousands gathered outside the embassy in Kensington and at Downing Street, calling for Vladimir Putin to withdraw from Ukraine. Waving Ukrainian flags, banners and placards, protesters sang the Ukrainian anthem and chanted “Putin stop war”, “Putin go home” and “free Ukraine”. Others held posters comparing the Russian leader to Hitler. Speaking outside the embassy Helena Kovalenko, 33, originally from northern Ukraine who has lived in the UK for nine years, said: “I’m so angry with Putin for invading my Ukraine. “I have family there, my mum and dad, and I’m so scared for them.” Andriy, 27, added: “I’m here today to call for this country to help – Putin has to go. The world can’t watch as my people suffer – Putin is a barbarian, he’s an animal. “If sanctions don’t stop him, the UK, the US and Europe must be prepared to do everything.” One woman, whose mother was Russian and father Ukrainian, spoke at a rally in Manchester. She said a missile had hit an apartment building in the district of Kyiv where she had grown up, and said: “It’s happening now and you will be next eventually. Kyiv is three hours’ flight from Manchester. It is in Europe, we are a democratic, peaceful country. “Why do we have war? It’s only because of Putin, who is a complete nutjob.” Demonstrators also gathered near the Scottish Parliament building in Edinburgh and shared personal stories about relatives currently hiding in basements across Ukraine. Vlada Kren, 40, said that her friends and relatives of her husband Vasyl are still in parts of the country that are being heavily targeted by Russian troops. She added: “A lot of my friends here have parents in the worst [affected parts] of Ukraine, in the middle of Ukraine, and they have parents hiding in the basement, and they are crying because they are helpless that they can’t help.” Another protester in Newcastle called on the Home Office to allow those fleeing the invasion in Ukraine a “safe passage” to Britain. Several hundred people marched through heavy rain in Sydney, Australia, chanting “Ukraine will prevail”. Among those protesting in Europe was Stefan Pischel who joined 2,500 in Munich. He said: “You look at the people gathered here and everybody is scared. “We had peace for 80 years and all of a sudden, war is back in Europe.” Speaking from Ukraine, former world boxing heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko called for global protests. He said: “I am addressing the entire world to stop this war that Russia has started. “Just today civilians were shot by the rockets. With special operations, civilians are getting killed. And it’s happening in the heart of Europe. “There is no time to wait because it is going to lead to a humanitarian catastrophe. You need to act now to stop Russian aggression.” An especially commissioned cartoon of The Simpsons family holding five Ukrainian flags was released as a “show of solidarity”. Executive producer Al Jean said: “‘We don’t do this very often, only very rarely when there’s something... extremely important for a cause that could not be bigger. “The future of democracy in the world is at stake.” Resident Evil star Milla Jovovich, 46, who was born in Ukraine, added she was “heartbroken and dumbstruck”, and wrote: “My country and people being bombed. Friends and family in hiding. “My blood and my roots come from both Russia and Ukraine. “I am torn in two as I watch the horror unfolding, the country being destroyed, families being displaced, their whole life lying in charred fragments around them.” On Friday tens of thousands rallied in the Georgian capital Tbilisi calling for an end of the Russia invasion and their PM Irakli Garibashvili to resign after saying the country would not join the West in imposing sanctions against Moscow. Russia invaded Georgia in 2008, seized territory and ethnically cleansed Georgians. Protests also took place in Taiwan, which mainland China claims as its own. And protesters in Tokyo called for Russia to be expelled from the United Nations Security Council.