Queen Letizia of Spain donned a beautiful dress by Spanish designer Manuel Pertegaz. The elegant gown, which featured a four and a half metre-long train and long sleeves, happens to be the most expensive royal dress of all time. The Spanish monarch wore a dress which is reportedly valued at £6million. Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI tied the knot on a rainy day back in 2004. The religious ceremony took place in the Almudena cathedral, in Madrid, in front of 1,200 guests. READ MORE: Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims  Despite the rain, Queen Letizia looked beautiful in the dreamy gown. The most striking feature of the off-white silk dress was the high-standing collar. One of the reasons why the dress was so expensive was the gold thread embroidery that was used in the silky dress. The Queen accessorised her wedding look with a diamond tiara, gifted to her by her mother-in-law Queen Sofia. The tiara was the same Queen Sofia wore on her wedding day to King Juan Carlos in 1962. Fashion designer Virginia Pozo said about Queen Letizia's dress: "It was a very modern dress but at the same time very classic [...] a real beauty and with the elegance and sophistication that a royal wedding requires." In comparison, Kate Middleton donned a much more affordable dress: a Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen gown valued at £250,000. The Duchess of Cambridge looked stunning in the gown on her wedding to Prince William in 2011. The gorgeous dress had a nine-foot long train with 58 gazar and organza covered buttons on the back. Many royal fans often share their thoughts on how beautiful Kate Middleton looked on her wedding day with Instagram user @vaikonen_lunta recently commenting: "Kate was so elegant and stunning." The most expensive royal dress after Queen Letizia and the Duchess of Cambridge is Princess Eugenie’s and Princess Diana's. Princess Eugenie wore a £200,000 dress in 2018 when she married Jack Brooksbank. Princess Diana’s dress was valued at £151,000 in 2019. Meghan Markle's wedding dress is estimated to have cost £110,000.  Queen Elizabeth's wedding dress in 1947 was only £30,000. Stylist Melita Latham commented: “Thousands of hours went into making these iconic wedding dresses. “From embroidered flowers of all 53 commonwealth countries for Meghan's wedding dress, embellishing with beads, lace and pearls, 10,000 on Princess Diana's dress and Kate Middleton's nine feet train. “[And] I can't imagine how many hours it took embroidering real gold into silk [for Queen Letizia’s dress]."