Air raid sirens are an eerie sound synonymous with war. In Ukraine, this alert became a reality last week when the Russian army stormed cities, including the capital Kyiv and western metropolis Lviv. The escalating conflict has led many people to become fearful of the potential for "World War 3". But if an invasion were to happen in the UK, do we still have air raid sirens to notify the nation? During World War 2, air raid sirens were placed atop large buildings, alerting people to the threat of an incoming air raid. The UK-wide early warning system was largely dismantled in the early 1990s. READ MORE: World War 3 - HERE are the UK’s nuclear bunkers Around 1,200 sirens remain, but these are mostly used to warn the public of severe flooding. They are also used for public warning near gas or nuclear power plants, nuclear submarine bases, oil refineries and chemical plants. These days, technology is far more likely to be used to notify people of impending attacks. According to Gov.uk, there are plans to launch a new service dubbed "Emergency Alerts" in the next few months. DON'T MISSDunelm slashes 50 percent off home and furniture in big spring sale [DEAL]What can I do to help Ukraine? How to donate money and clothes  [INSIGHT]World Book Day ideas 2022: 8 costumes under £20 on Amazon [EXPLAINER] Gov.uk explained: "Emergency alerts will warn you if there’s a danger to life nearby. "In an emergency, your phone or tablet will receive an alert with advice about how to stay safe." These won't necessarily just be to do with war and will cover an array of other danger to life circumstances. Things like severe flooding or extreme weather are likely to be included, as well as large scale attacks and even nuclear attacks. An intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) with nuclear warheads launched from either Moscow or central Asia would take an estimated 20 minutes to strike London, according to The Telegraph. This is where alerts would be useful, allowing people time to get to safety. When an alert is received by your phone or tablet it may set off a loud siren-like sound. This would happen even if the device is on silent. Your device may also vibrate. In some cases, your phone or tablet may read out the alert. This is expected to last for "about 10 seconds". If this does happen, Gov.uk stated people must "stop what you’re doing and follow the instructions in the alert." Some alerts may include a link or phone number directing you to more information about the event.