The book is very funny and dark, but also a searing insight into the impossible demands the NHS makes of bone-tired doctors and nurses, driven into the ground by overwork. So I settled down to watch the BBC One version of Kay’s bestseller expecting to find it hard-hitting and funny. Instead I sat tense and silent through the entire episode, willing myself to have a sense of humour, to enjoy the truly wonderful acting of Ben Whishaw, who plays Kay in the show. And I tried to appreciate the fast, slick, no-holds-barred production, the gory true-to-life scenes of childbirth, the accurately observed medical procedures. But I couldn’t. I actually felt ill, though I’m not squeamish at all and it wasn’t the sight of blood that bothered me. No, it was a question of tone, empathy and sensibility. A funny anecdote on the page doesn’t necessarily transfer to the screen. A depiction of a stag night when all the men wore t-shirts proclaiming “my last night of p***y” might be amusing to read, but when it’s graphically shown on screen after Whishaw has just left a bloody Labour ward, it’s unpleasant and gross. There were a lot of caesareans in the episode, where Whishaw was seen slicing through women’s bellies, and the silicone prosthetics encouraged you to see the procedure as a bit of a laugh, and the women as not human. But as the Times columnist Janice Turner tweeted, the show depicted pregnant women as “thick cows, malingerers, bigots, vaginas or slabs of meat.” When it was over, I was almost in tears. I had to have three caesarean births. They were traumatic. Of course the series is a comedy, and medics famously have a black sense of humour, but I question the rapturous critical reception. Its lack of respect for women and their deeply personal experiences of birth was hideous. My daughter is pregnant with her first child. I would hate her to see this show. When I heard that Bristol Zoo is closing down in September, I had a mild palpitation, because that was the scene of my first romantic breakup back in 1968. I was 20 at the time, a student at Bristol University, and engaged to a boy I’d been going out with since I was 16. First love and all that, but things were going downhill fast just before the end of the summer term. The final straw was when my animal-mad teenage brother came to visit and demanded to see Guy the Gorilla, on vacation at Bristol from London Zoo. My fiancé couldn’t think of anything worse and we had a huge row. We went along to the zoo, but Guy was nowhere to be found and my boyfriend stalked off in a huff, while I sulkily took my annoying brother back to my flat in Clifton. Next day my romantic teenage engagement was all over. Even now I still blame Guy. And I’ve still got the ring. That amazing Vogue photo of Naomi Campbell cradling her nine-month-old baby reminds us why Campbell is arguably the most stunning supermodel of all time. She has the unearthly beauty of a goddess from another planet. It’s a genetic gift ‑ her mother Valerie is also a beauty. At 51, Naomi insists the babe, name unknown, is her own biological child. So, in 16 years or so, expect to see Campbell’s scrumptious little daughter on the front cover of Vogue. With or without her mum. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea