Sky News viewers were shocked as a live broadcast of Sergei Lavrov's press conference was interrupted by an unknown man talking to his friend "Lewis" on the phone about the Ukraine conflict. The man was heard saying "another day, another war" before exclaiming he would no longer be working in war zones in the future. Although it is unclear if the man works for Sky News, the outburst was only broadcast on the Sky News channel with many online calling for the man's sacking. Mr Lavrov spoke to reporters across the world about the Ukraine conflict but the translator was shouted over after a phone call was accidentally aired. The man said on the phone: “Hiya Lewis how are you doing? “Yeah, not bad mate you know, another day another war… and all that… “This will be the last one I swear to you, I am not doing any more wars.” The phone call appeared to be cut off but many viewers went online to share their confusion over the random outburst. @Gaymerchat wrote: “Guy on Sky News… Alright!! How you doing? Another day another war eh? “I bet that sound department had a heart attack.” @myworldmywords added: "Another day, another war, (laugh) it sounds like someone in the Sky News studio is taking the #UkraineInvasion seriously in the background!!”  @strngpoliticsuk was angry at the broadcast and said: “Disgusting that people behind the scenes are LAUGHING at this.” Mr Lavrov answered questions from the foreign press and told reporters that Russia did not want to occupy Ukraine but to "demilitarise" it. The Russian minister was asked by BBC journalist Steve Rosenberg about how Russia could justify invading its neighbour. Mr Lavrov said the West had intervened in foreign governments before, referencing Iraq and Libya, where thousands of people died to promote democracy in the region. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace says UK intelligence suggests Russia has lost more than 450 personnel following the invasion. He added Russia had "failed" in its main objective. Mr Wallace told Sky News: "Our assessment as of this morning is that Russia has not taken any of its major objectives, in fact, it is behind its hoped-for timetable.  "They've lost over 450 personnel. One of the significant airports they were trying to capture with their elite Spetsnaz has failed to be taken. "In fact, the Ukrainians have taken it back. "So, I think contrary to great Russian claims and indeed President Putin's sort of vision that somehow the Ukrainians would be liberated and would be flocking to his cause - he's got that completely wrong. "The Russian army has failed to deliver on day one its main objective." Kiev citizens are also preparing themselves for an attack as reports suggest Russian troops have moved into the northern quarter of the capital. The Ukrainian Ministry of Defence has told civilians to stay inside and create Molotov cocktails to drive out the "occupiers". 