When Prince Charles succeeds the throne, he is likely to grant his heir apparent Prince William the traditional Prince of Wales title. The title's use in the Royal Family spans centuries and the current holder, Prince Charles, is the 21st person to hold the honorific. As Prince William's wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is likely to be known as the Princess of Wales when William is granted the title, and a key outing this week can be interpreted as the pair preparing for their future royal roles. Wales will be commemorating its patron saint with St David's Day on March 1, and the nation will receive a visit from Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to mark the occasion. The royal couple will visit Abergavenny and Blaenavon and their first visit will be to Pant Farm, a goat farm, before visiting Abergavenny Market to see firsthand how important local suppliers are to rural communities. Fitting with the Cambridges' charitable portfolio, they will also be visiting the Blaenavon Hwb, a community-focused youth centre that helps to support more than 600 young people in the local area. Kate and William's visit to Wales this week can be seen as an attempt to boost the couple's public presence in Wales. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan fans fury over Mardi Gras float  The heir to the British throne has long held an affinity with Wales, with the heir apparent often also bearing the title of Prince of Wales. As William will be heir to the throne during his father's reign, the Queen and Prince Charles have likely been preparing him for his future role for some time. The Prince of Wales title is shrouded in controversy, and its use by the British monarchy stems from King Edward I's conquest of Wales in the 13th Century. The Welsh Prince of Wales Llywelyn ap Gruffudd was killed in battle, and Edward I proceeded to build several castles in Wales - including Caernarfon Castle.  Caernarfon Castle was the birth site of King Edward I's son Edward of Caernarfon, the future King Edward II, and he was presented to the Welsh nobility as a prince "that was borne in Wales and could speak never a word of English". In the centuries since British kings and queens have given their male heirs the Prince of Wales title, with Prince Charles given the title by the Queen in 1958. In 1969 Charles was formally invested in a dramatic ceremony at Caernarfon Castle, but the ceremony was controversial due to strong Welsh nationalist sentiment among swathes of the country at the time. Charles prepared for his investiture at Aberystwyth University, where he learned Welsh. After the ceremony, he toured Wales for several weeks.  DON'T MISS:Why Prince Charles' next outing is staggeringly important- 'Momentous' [INSIGHT]The bizarre reason Prince Charles was almost not a Prince [ANALYSIS]Why Prince George might never be King [INTERVIEW] The Prince of Wales title is not automatically given to the heir apparent to the throne, as is the case with the Duke of Cornwall title. The Prince of Wales title is allocated at the discretion of the reigning monarch, and the last person to hold the title before Charles was Prince Edward, the future King Edward VIII, who famously abdicated in 1936 to marry Wallis Simpson. The title cannot currently be held by a woman in her own right, so the Queen was never known as Princess of Wales, despite being the heir to the throne during her father King George VI's reign. The Princess of Wales title is used by the wife of the Prince of Wales, and Princess Diana was the last woman to publicly use the title. 