Danny Sebastian is a regular face on Bargain Hunt, giving the red and blue teams as much advice as possible when it comes to finding the right item to take to auction. The BBC One star spends a lot of time on the road as he travels across the country for the beloved daytime series. But what do we know about Danny's personal life away from the cameras? Despite spending his onscreen career on the road, Danny does the same when he isn't on Bargain Hunt. He loves to spend his days going around the country in his "Afrojunk" van which has the slogan "specialists in the nicer things in life" on the side of it. In his unique van, Danny visits various auctions, antique fairs and car boot sales to see what treasures he can find. While much of his life is on the road, he does have his loved ones to see as well. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Danny is in a long-term relationship with a woman called Joanne but little else is known about her. It isn't known how they got together and it isn't believed they are married but they have been together for many years. According to DML Talent which represents the antique expert, Danny and Joanne live together in his"vintage emporium home in Wellingborough" with their three daughters. Similar to the other stars of Bargain Hunt, Danny prefers to keep his personal life away from the public eye. He does have social media but tends to focus on what his latest antique finds are and what's coming up on Bargain Hunt. So his family life remains very much a mystery for now at least but Express.co.uk will update this article if more comes out about his other half. But some details have emerged about Danny's childhood with tragedy striking when he was a teenager. DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [EXPLAINER]Bargain Hunt: When did expert Mark Stacey join Bargain Hunt? [EXPLAINER]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war  [CAST] Originally from Northamptonshire, Danny grew up with an interest in collecting things and was taught anyone could make a plethora of things out of junk. This led to his mum taking him to accompany her on a trip to an auction house when he was eight years old, kickstarting his love affair with antiques. Sadly, when he was 15, Danny's dad died in a fire which had a harrowing impact on his life. But since then, Danny has turned his life around, dedicating much of his time to his love of antiques. Bargain Hunt will be back for another episode tomorrow, Tuesday, March 1, on BBC One and this time, the team is in Wales. The synopsis reads: "Charlie Ross is at the International Antiques Fair of Wales in Builth Wells, with experts Richard Madley and Kate Bliss, ready to go bargain hunting with the red and blue teams. "Charlie meets Jen Jones, a collector of Welsh quilts, before joining the teams in Malvern for the auction." Bargain Hunt airs every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.