The news comes just weeks after Vladimir Putin visited China for the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics, suggesting that an already strong alliance was being strengthened prior to any potential invasion. However, weeks later, a diplomatic move at the United Nations Security Council changed the opinion of just how strong President Xi’s support for his Russian counterpart is.  During yesterday’s UNSC meeting aimed at condemning the invasion of Ukraine, as expected, Russia used their position as a permanent member of the council to veto the vote. It was the Chinese decision to abstain from voting that raised eyebrows. Such a move demonstrated Beijing supported Russia in theory, but by not voting, showed that it did not fully support Moscow either. The stance was backed up by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. Speaking to senior European officials on Friday, Mr Yi said: "China firmly advocates respecting and safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries.” The Minister added: “This equally applies to the Ukraine issue."  Mr Yi also held calls with British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, European Union foreign affairs chief Josep Borrell and a French presidential adviser. Mr Yi said: "Given five consecutive rounds of NATO's eastward expansion, Russia's legitimate security demands should be taken seriously and properly addressed.” US President Joe Biden on Thursday said any country that backed Russia's onslaught in Ukraine would be "stained by association.” Washington has said Chinese firms will face consequences if they seek to help Moscow evade export controls imposed by Western countries. Yet for China, some have questioned how it can support sovereignty whilst at the same time eyeing a move on Taiwan.  READ MORE:Wallace: I won't trigger a European war but I will help Ukraine China strongly implies there is no comparison between Ukraine and Taiwan – the former is a sovereign state and the latter is not a full UN member but a unique polity, seen as a renegade province by Beijing. According to Yu Jie, a senior research fellow on China at the Asia-Pacific Programme of Chatham House: “China will carefully watch the west’s willingness and resolve to respond to the situation in Ukraine, which may well serve as a reference to Taiwan later.” Speaking of the wider ties between Russia and China, as well as Beijing’s links to Kyiv Mr Jie said: “The Kremlin’s military adventurism will also damage China economically to some extent. “As Russia’s biggest trade partner, China has significant investments and financial ties with Russia that will be exposed to the west’s sanctions. “Such sanctions most certainly come with acute pain for many fossil fuel-focused state-owned enterprises. “Equally, Beijing is Kyiv’s top trade partner, and has enjoyed friendly ties with Ukraine, which is a source of grain and military equipment.”  DON'T MISS:Brexit Britain no poodle of Russia [OPINION]Putin humiliated as Ukraine boasts of 3,500 graves [REPORT]Fifth of cars speeding when passing schools [INSIGHT] Ultimately suggesting that Beijing’s real stance lies in economic terms, Mr Jie ended by saying: “Beijing will have to consider the balance sheet for this current alignment carefully. “If the cost of alignment comes at a far greater price than the actual benefit, Beijing must reach its own conclusion and tread carefully.” On Friday, President Putin spoke with President Xi by telephone. In the call, Mr Xi stressed the importance of resolving the ongoing crisis in Ukraine through talks and negotiations.  Yang Jin, an associate research fellow at the Institute of Russian, Eastern European and Central Asian Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said on Friday that the Xi-Putin call showed the world the substantial China-Russia relations and that the two countries have strong mutual trust and their communication channel is open. The hope of talks has emerged over recent hours. According to a Kremlin spokesperson on Friday, Russia is ready to send a delegation to Minsk for talks. Shortly before Kremlin's message, Ukrainian presidential advisor Mykhailo Podolyak told Reuters on Friday that Ukraine wants peace and is ready for talks with Russia, including on its neutral status regarding NATO 