Sharing a terrifying update on Twitter, Dmytro Kuleba accused the Russian leader of war crimes. He said: "Today’s Russian attacks on a kindergarten and an orphanage are war crimes and violations of the Rome Statute. "Together with the General Prosecutor’s Office we are collecting this and other facts, which we will immediately send to the Hague. Responsibility is inevitable." Local news outlet Kyiv Independent reported that civilians were injured as a result of the attack, with at least two dead. Christo Grozev, executive director of investigative news outlet Bellingcat, said he received an image from several Ukrainian sources showing evidence of the attack. Sharing a picture on Twitter, Mr Grozev said: "The unedited photo shows at least two dead persons prostrated on the ground." Earlier in the day, Mr Kuleba hit out at Putin for bombing hospitals in Kyiv, calling it "beyond evil". He said: "Consider this: Putin has launched a massive war of aggression in Europe during a still raging pandemic. "On top of that, Russians bomb Ukrainian hospitals now. "This is beyond evil. "The only moral choice any government can make now is to support Ukraine by all means." READ MORE: Putin poised to deploy 'father of all bombs' to pulverise bodies The attacks come just one day after Putin declared war on Ukraine. He launched a full-scale invasion of the country in the early hours of yesterday morning, with troops entering the country through Belarus, Crimea and Russian-backed separatist regions. Mr Kuleba said that the attacks were on a similar scale to 1941 when Ukraine was attacked by Nazi Germany. Providing an update on Twitter, he said: "Horrific Russian rocket strikes on Kyiv. DON'T MISS: EU SHAMED: Bloc's weak Russia action exposed [REVEAL] 'Plays into Putin hands!' Boris told huge blunder about to backfire [INSIGHT] Taiwan could be NEXT as Putin invasion sets new 'precedent' for China [ANALYSIS] "Last time our capital experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany. "Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. "Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Sever all ties. "Kick Russia out of everywhere." The UK and NATO allies have imposed a comprehensive package of sanctions on Russian individuals and businesses in response to the invasion. But the Foreign Minister has called on the West to go further, urging them to exclude Russia from Swift. He said: "To some European leaders who are still hesitant: each year at commemorative events you say ‘Never again’. "The time to prove it is now. "Russia is waging a horrific war of aggression in Europe. "Here is your ‘never again’ test: BAN RUSSIA FROM SWIFT and kick it out of everywhere."