AMC’s apocalyptic horror series The Walking Dead finally returned to screens after a lengthy midseason finale which started in October 2021. The episode titled ‘No Other Way’ was dedicated to Stephen Campbell, with a heartfelt tribute at the end of the episode, which read ‘In Loving Memory of Stephen Campbell’.  The Walking Dead made its huge return with the apocalypse taking a turn for the worse as a new horde of Walkers appeared. As viewers followed the survivors fighting their way to another day, the battle turned weary when they encountered Reapers, a more insidious form of the dead. However, as the episode came to an end, a touching tribute was dedicated to Stephen Campbell, who was a major part of the series. He dedicated years to the show as an irreplaceable member of the production team. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene Campbell worked as the director of photography on the set of The Walking Dead and was responsible for giving the show its unique and intricate look on screens. He worked alongside the director to elevate their vision and provide audiences with a cinematic experience for each episode. Fans will know, The Walking Dead is unlike any other series and Campbell who joined the series during season four in 2013, was a major part of the experience. After the episode aired tribute rolled in from showrunners and fans who thanked him for his dedication to the series.  Executive producer Angela Kang took to Instagram with a moving post and remembered Campbell as a “remarkable human”. She wrote: “Over 7 seasons, I never once saw you lose your patience, your smile brightened our days, we loved meeting your beautiful family over the years. “It was wonderful to see you move up from Camera Op to DP...You were an artist but also a consummate professional. “Thank you for being the kind of role model that proved you can be both. You are gone too soon but have left an indelible mark on the hearts of the #TWDfamily. May flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.”  DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead season 11: Daryl and Leah romance sealed after tease [THEORY]The Walking Dead's Daryl star hits out at 'rushed' romance in series [INSIGHT] After joining the series as director of photography, Campbell shot 36 episodes at the beginning of season four with the episode titled ‘Claimed’. His final credit in the role was the season 10 finale which aired in October 2020 and was titled ’A Certain Doom’. On Twitter, fans flooded the show’s official page with a ton of tributes including, mrKarlosUK who wrote: “RIP, you did an amazing job.” CrazyNock4T added: “R.I.P Sir, Thank you for enriching my life with your cinematography magic.”  Campbell died during the show’s hiatus in November 2021, which was when showrunner and producer Scott M. Gimple posted his tribute. He tweeted: “Stephen Campbell, longtime Walking Dead director of photography, was a magnificent person, a magnificent artist, & a force of calm, peace, & warmth on set. “I loved working with him, I'm grateful for it. His work lives on & his kindness touched the lives of everyone around him.” Campbell is survived by his wife, Pamela, five children, and three grandchildren, his other credits include Mortal Combat: Conquest, Zombieland, and Last Man Standing.  The Walking Dead continues Sunday on AMC