Alfa Romeo have finally revealed their car for the 2022 F1 season. On Sunday morning, the team virtually launched their new C42 vehicle, signified by red and white livery and powered by a new Ferrari engine, to the delight of new driver Valtteri Bottas. While the other nine F1 teams showed off their new vehicles prior to pre-season test taking place in Barcelona last week, Alfa Romeo opted to delay matters by officially revealing their 2022 car after the three-day period in Spain. After five years with Mercedes, Finn driver Bottas signed a multi-year deal with the Hinwil-based team last year and speaking on the Motorsports YouTube channel, was clearly impressed by what he saw. "I think the livery is really beautiful, the Alfa Romeo Centro Stile did a brilliant job." "It's my first car at Alfa Romeo F1 Team ORLEN, of course, which makes it special, and I am really looking forward to being on the grid in Bahrain with it. JUST IN: Fernando Alonso's admission will concern Max Verstappen more than Lewis Hamilton  "What is exciting is that we have no idea how that first race is going to pan out." Bottas, 32, will line-up in Bahrain alongside Guanyu Zhou, who this season will become the first Chinese F1 driver in the history of the sport. And the 22-year-old also lavished praise on the new car, saying: "I am fully pumped up for the season and seeing the C42 in the livery in which I will race it definitely makes it real. "We are at the beginning of a new era, with new cars and new regulations, and this creates an opportunity for all teams to make progress since we are all starting from scratch. DON'T MISS:Lando Norris disagrees with Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and George Russell after F1 testingLewis Hamilton responds when asked where Mercedes stand vs Red Bull, Ferrari and McLarenNikita Mazepin: Four F1 drivers who could replace Russian if Haas terminate his contract  "I can't wait to be on the grid with this car and work with my team to bring home the results we are targeting together." Teams will head to the Middle East for three more days of testing from March 10-12 before the opening race takes place on Sunday, March 20. And the new campaign promises to be an intriguing one, courtesy of the brand new technical regulations that have been introduced into the sport. The restrictions have been designed to make racing more competitive, and threaten to end the dominance enjoyed last season by Red Bull and Mercedes. Despite this, it was still Lewis Hamilton who notched the fastest lap in Barcelona, although it was Ferrari who appeared to yield the most impressive results. Indeed, Carlos Sainz has outlined his ambitions to challenge for the title in 2022, having finished fifth in the standings last time out.