Next week's event, which usually sees hundreds of people visit Buckingham Palace, traditionally involves standing for several hours as senior members of the Firm take part in a long line-up and shake hands with their guests. However, as Her Majesty continues ill with Covid, plans to reduce her duties are being considered, with the reception to be slimmed down even further after it was already transformed from white tie to cocktail dresses and lounge suits, the Telegraph claims. The diary of the 95-year-old Monarch has been limited considerably in recent months due to a health scare that saw her spend a night in hospital in October. Later, she had to cancel her attendance at the COP26 climate change summit in Glasgow as well as at the Festival of Remembrance and the Remembrance Sunday Cenotaph service after spraining her back. According to the Telegraph, she still hopes to attend Wednesday's diplomatic reception despite reported concerns about increasing "frailty" following her positive Covid test. Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan should SUE! Couple told to fight over Eugenie pics At the time of her diagnosis, a Palace spokesperson said: "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week. "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines." While they did not wish to comment on the plans for the event when contacted by Express.co.uk, they insisted Her Majesty, who is triple-vaccinated and tested positive for the virus on Sunday, is continuing to undertake "light duties". On Wednesday, despite not being back in full form yet and having had to postpone several virtual engagements, she held her weekly telephone audience with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. During a Windsor Castle audience last week, the Queen, who is turning 96 in April, said as she held a walking stick she has been pictured using lately: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." Her attendance at next week's big diplomatic engagement could also be challenged by her "croaky" voice, as sources told the Daily Mail that was one of the Monarch's main Covid symptoms. DON'T MISSQueen's position of Jamaican head of state slammed: 'Mental slavery!' [REPORT]Queen's favourite TV show unveiled: 'She can recite one-liners!' [REVEAL]'Queen completely ok' with William and Harry setting families' own path [INSIGHT] Rebecca English, the paper's royal editor, suggested this may also be the reason why the Queen decided not to carry out the audiences via video link. When asked whether the cancelled engagements should be a source of concern, Ms English said: "No, as I said Buckingham Palace isn't saying anything, but I have been told no." Speaking on Mail+'s Palace Confidential, she added: "She is a 95-year-old woman, she is a very dignified woman, I don't think she wants to be sounding particularly, even slightly, ill on camera." The Monarch is due to attend Westminster Abbey for the Commonwealth Service on March 14, followed by her late husband Prince Philip's memorial service at the end of the month. Meanwhile, public celebrations of her jubilee are scheduled from June 2 to 5, including a military parade and street parties. With more than three months to go until the long-awaited occasion, which will mark her 70 years on the throne, it is hoped the Queen will be in excellent shape.