Fans have been left baffled after Motsi Mabuse, 40, posted a cryptic tweet yesterday evening, which some of her followers thought was about her sister Oti Mabuse’s exit from Strictly Come Dancing. Oti, 31, was a professional dancer on the show and lifted the Strictly Glitterball trophy in two consecutive years: in 2019 with actor Kelvin Fletcher and 2020 with comedian Bill Bailey. She announced the news of her departure from the show on Instagram yesterday, in view of her 641,000 followers. Strictly Come Dancing’s professional dancer, Motsi appeared to be in disbelief at the news that Oti is leaving the primetime dance show after seven years. Motsi posted an emotional tweet, saying: “Hope what I am reading is not true!!!”  Fans replied to Motsi’s tweets and were equally shocked by the news. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with crucial message to 'spend time with family'  Twitter user @VickyBarratt27 suggested Motsi should persuade Oti to change her mind. She said: “Ring your sister and get her to change her mind please. “@OtiMabuse is my favourite on Strictly”. Some followers just replied with question marks, wanting more information about what Motsi meant by her tweet.  Many stars have been left feeling emotional following Oti’s announcement. A statement was posted on the official Strictly Come Dancing Twitter account, which read: “Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. “Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show's most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers, but by the entire team. “She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years.  “We couldn't have been prouder of Oti and what she has achieved.” They concluded: “She will always be at the very heart of our Strictly family and we wish her every success in her already bright future.” DON’T MISS: 'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move after leaving BBC Breakfast [NEWS] Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles after quitting EastEnders [LATEST] 'Shaken' Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing: 'Horrible to see!' [INSIGHT]    On her Instagram post, Oti wrote: “Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! “You are my family and I adore you all forever.”  She added: “I’m honestly so grateful to the BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. "Thank you from the bottom of my heart,” she wrote. Despite being heartbroken, her colleagues were very supportive of her decision. Giovanni Pernice commented “Good luck for the future, queen,” while Graziano di Prima added: “My friend!! I’m gonna miss you so, so much!! You are a star, my darling!! I had the pleasure to share the stage with you!!” Dan Walker shared: “Oti, you are an absolute star. It was a pleasure to watch you on Strictly as a viewer and a privilege to get to know you last season too. “Take care of yourself. See you soon my friend.” Her sister Motsi Mabuse added: “It’s time to fly, baby girl! I am so proud of you, fearless, courageous and so looking forward to seeing your dreams come true.”