1 Invest in precious metals Established in 1967, Baird & Co is a London-based, family-owned bullion merchant dealing in gold, silver, platinum, palladium and rhodium. Baird provides true all-around expertise and is a one-stop shop for all your precious-metal needs. In addition to producing its own bars that can be used for investment purposes, including coins exempt from capital gains tax, Baird also offers clients metal account facilities in both allocated and unallocated forms. There are many benefits to becoming a Baird & Co member, including a loyalty scheme, limit orders, price alerts and much more. The benefits of vault storage include VAT-free purchases and a state-of-the-art facility with the latest hi-tech security. You can call Baird & Co on 020 7474 1000, or visit bairdmint.com Alternatively, if you would prefer to buy in person, visit the merchant at 48 Hatton Garden, London EC1N 8EX. 2 Make your garden attractive to wild birds Ivel Valley Wild Bird Food is a sustainable, family-run farming business based in Bedfordshire. Third-generation owners Nick and James Parrish produce premium-quality wild-bird food using solar panels and wind energy to power their farm. Their company also uses recyclable and biodegradable packaging and develops and produces all its own suet products on site, including balls, pellets, logs, rolls and blocks, as well as coconuts. All bird-food mixes are developed with the aid of an ornithologist to be high in nutritional value for wild birds, and all seed mixes are wheat-free. Next-working-day delivery on all orders placed before 2pm. Readers can save 10 percent on their first order over £30 using code IVELWEEK10. Offer valid until May 31, 2022. Click ivelvalleybirdfood.co.uk 3 Check you’ve not made needless payments Have you paid unnecessary stamp duty in a pension transfer? For many years, pension advisers have been assisting clients in transferring commercial properties into their SIPP and SSAS pensions. Across the industry, these transfers have been broadly thought to attract stamp duty land tax (SDLT), just like a normal purchase. This assumption is flawed because, depending on the circumstances, your transfer might often be exempt from stamp duty. If you have made such a transfer in the past 15 years, SDLT Refunds would like to speak to you about your potential to reclaim the tax. The company believes there may be billions of pounds in erroneously paid stamp duty sitting in HMRC’s coffers, waiting to be refunded. Visit sdltrefunds.co.uk to find out more. 4 Indulge your passion for collecting cars Serving automotive aficionados since 2018, the Collecting Cars global marketplace makes it easier than ever to buy and sell collectable cars and bikes, thanks to a 100 per cent online service where the vehicle stays with the seller until it is paid for. Founded in the UK, the business is now the country’s market leader, and its global sales have exceeded £205million. One of the hallmarks of the platform is the trust between buyers and sellers – more than 90 per cent of transactions take place without a physical viewing, so the days of accommodating “tyre kickers” are over. For sellers looking to liquidate an asset professionally and securely, Collecting Cars offers a hassle-free selling process, whether it’s for just one vehicle or an entire collection in one go. Visit collectingcars.com for more information. 5 Why wait for a retirement watch? Timepieces are the perfect gift to mark important events, whether that’s retirement, significant birthdays or anniversaries. But the tradition of the “retirement watch” isn’t as fashionable as it once was, so if your employer won’t be bestowing you with the keepsake, you could always go ahead and treat yourself. Desirable watches from brands such as Rolex and Patek Philippe are subject to years-long waiting lists, making a reputable platform such as Watch Collecting a handy way of securing the watch you want without lengthy delays. Meanwhile, for existing watch collectors, retirement may be an opportunity to downsize and declutter. Unlocking the full potential of your collection via Watch Collecting’s free-to-sell platform could pay for that once-in-a-lifetime trip and, with the increase in value of your collection over the years, you may receive even more than you expected. Visit watchcollecting.com for more information. 6 Transform your home with a bespoke glass veranda A glass veranda offers a unique extension to your living space – it’s a solid, open structure with a glass roof, constructed using powder-coated aluminium. It’s also totally maintenance-free. Designed to make your home and garden more attractive for al fresco dining, a glass veranda will provide the perfect space in which to share time with friends and family. Crocodile Glass Veranda creates beautiful verandas with cover, shade and windbreak to keep the space warm. Discover how a bespoke Crocodile Glass Veranda can add style and elegance to your home by visiting crocodile.co.uk. 7 Treat yourself to some really comfortable shoes Wearing shoes that fit well will keep feet happy and comfortable. Most of our day is spent wearing shoes, so it’s vital that footwear promotes better foot health. Now that walking has become an increasingly popular activity as a great form of exercise with plenty of physical and mental health benefits, well-fitted shoes have never been more important. Pavers shoes range from UK sizes 2-10, with extra-wide fits available as well as standard. The company also offers cushioned insoles and lightweight soles, which are designed to reduce foot fatigue and promote flexibility. If you need help to relieve the symptoms of foot pain such as plantar fasciitis, you can buy a range of shoes that feature arch support or cushioned heel beds. Explore the latest collections at pavers.co.uk and enjoy free standard delivery with the code COMFY2022. Offer valid until June 30, 2022. 8 Visit a famous cathedral for a fun day out Canterbury Cathedral’s thrilling history spans more than 1,400 years, standing witness to the stories that have shaped England. Part of a Unesco World Heritage Site, the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury is the resting place of saints and royalty. You can enjoy the cathedral in all its glory on a guided tour. Whether you wish to admire the medieval stained-glass windows – including those believed to be the oldest in Britain – marvel at carved tombs, or explore the stunning cloisters and green spaces, you’ll have plenty of options. You can even spend the night in the Precincts at the Canterbury Cathedral Lodge, a contemporary and unique hotel. And with new visitor experiences, guided tours and a major new exhibition – including the battle armour of medieval warrior Edward the Black Prince and fragments of Thomas Becket’s shrine – now is the perfect time to visit. Kids go free until October 31, 2022. T&Cs apply. Find out more at canterbury-cathedral.org  9 Help horses across the UK A young pony cruelly dumped like rubbish on a landfill site in Lincolnshire has been saved from a life-threatening situation by equine charity Bransby Horses. The team of horse specialists assisted the site owners in their attempts to trace the pony’s owner. When the search proved fruitless, Bransby Horses was able to offer the pony a home where he would be looked after for the rest of his life. The team named him “Stig” from the children’s book, Stig of the Dump. Today, Bransby Horses has more than 900 equines in its care, both on its site in Lincolnshire and foster homes across the UK. Stig, who is around two years old, has now joined the stable at Bransby Horses, but his rescue and care have only been possible thanks to kind donations from the public. To donate £10 to help towards Stig’s care, or read more about the work of Bransby Horses, go to bransbyhorses.co.uk/stig. 10 Top up your retirement income with holiday letting If you’re looking to supplement your pension pot, then a holiday let is a great way to do it. Your capital is protected because you can sell the property at any time, making it an ideal investment. (It’s worth bearing in mind that you may have to take into account an increase or decrease in value depending on the property market.) There are a few things to consider before making the leap, however, and that’s what Menai Holidays is there for. Specialising in holiday lettings in North Wales, Menai Holidays can give advice on holiday letting and investing. Contact info@menaiholidays.co.uk or call 01248 665155. You can find out more by visiting menaiholidays.co.uk.  