Condensation is when water collects as droplets on a cold surface as a result of coming into contact with humid air. Put simply, it’s the process whereby water vapour is changed into liquid water. Although it may sound harmless enough, condensation can lead to mould growth which can lead to building problems and even respiratory health issues. Louis McGee, glazing expert at Cloudy2Clear, has shared his advice with homeowners looking to reduce condensation in their home. Don’t overfill wardrobes and cupboards Mr McGee said: “Both wardrobes and kitchen cupboards are breeding grounds for mould if left overfilled. “Any trapped moisture will struggle to escape due to the lack of airflow, so make sure you’re not filling them to the brim to allow air to circulate inside.” READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda It may sound surprising but having furniture too close to a wall can actually cause problems with damp. There needs to be enough room between furniture and walls so air can circulate. Sofas and large pieces of furniture pushed up against walls, especially exterior ones, it can cause damp and mould. Mr McGee said an “immediate solution” for condensation is to remove water droplets from the home.  DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [UPDATE]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [ANALYSIS] These can be removed with common household items such as soft cloths or paper towels. The expert added: “In the short term, cleaning your windows of condensation regularly you can prevent the moisture developing in to damp or mould issues.” Modern washer dryers are usually condenser models, which collect moisture from the drum which can be emptied later. However, some older models are vented which means they use hot air to remove moisture from clothes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homeowners should take care to ensure the vent is secured as moisture can end up escaping and becoming trapped in the home. Cooking with pot lids may sound basic but cooking without lids can release a lot of steam and moisture into kitchens, even with an extractor fan. Cook with a lid to reduce how much steam is reduced into a room. Opening a kitchen window while cooking will also help. Most people use bath mats in the bathroom but even not having one that’s big enough can cause problems.   Drenching water on bathroom floors can cause condensation. Ensure bathmats are big enough to absorb all the water coming out the shower or bath. Drips or leaks from ceilings and roofs need to be dealt with as soon as possible so it’s best to keep an eye on ceilings. Mr McGee added: “They can be easy to miss at first, but if left unchecked, they can leave your ceiling and walls soaked over time.” Blocked guttering can have a major impact on exterior walls. Ensure guttering and downpipes is free of debris to prevent blockages. Blockages can lead to excess water soaking into exterior walls.