  The One Show presenter Alex Scott took to social media last night to pay tribute to Jamal Edwards MBE, son of Loose Women's Brenda Edwards, whose death was announced last night. The entrepreneur was best known as the founder of media platform SBTV, as well as his work as an author, director, and DJ.      In an emotional Instagram post, Alex revealed that she is in a state of “complete shock” following the young star’s death. Alex, 37, posted two photos of her and Jamal together, smiling as they posed for the camera while wearing sunglasses. In view of her 1.3 million followers, Alex wrote: “You had an energy and a light that only few have, the kindest of souls that are hard to find, you brought a smile to my face always. "We were literally just making plans…naaa..this is hard to take, I'm in complete shock. This ain't right!!” READ MORE: Countryfile's Adam Henson 'essential' part to relationship with wife      She continued: “Thinking of all your family right now and sending prayers. “You touched so many lives and the impact you had on this world will always be remembered @jamaledwards.” Alex’s post was subsequently inundated with messages of support and sympathy in the wake of the tragic news. BBC’s Bob Harris commented: “So beautifully put Alex. I am devastated to lose a friend.”      Nikki Brown wrote: “I’m so sorry Alex. Sending love to you and his family and friends.” Nick Keir added: “So unbelievably sad. Loved by so many and admired by so many more.” Ricky Joshua penned: “Someone so special can never be forgotten, may his soul rest in peace. “Inspiration to many, legend to us all,” he added with hearts and a dove emoji. READ MORE... David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT]  Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE]     “Absolute pioneer,” wrote Leeroy, “Complete shock and a guy who I have followed for many years. He will be missed by many.” Jamal’s death was confirmed just yesterday, causing tributes to pour in for the British rap and grime mogul. The news of his death was unexpected, and the cause is not yet known to the public. The young entrepreneur was most notably the founder of SBTV, an online urban music platform that helped to launch the careers of artists like Dave, Skepta and Ed Sheeran.      Jamal was also a YouTube star, with over one million subscribers, and a best-selling author. In 2014, Jamal was appointed an MBE for services to the music industry aged just 23. He was also an ambassador for the Prince's Trust, a youth charity run by the Prince of Wales, which helps young people set up their own companies. While Jamal’s mother Brenda has not yet made a public statement about her son’s death, her Loose Women colleague Denise Welch has tweeted: “My heart aches for my friend Brenda. I can’t bear it. Jamal Edwards was a wonderful son and brother.”   