Laura Kuenssberg appeared on BBC Politics Live as she discussed the latest surrounding Ukraine and believed the UK and other Western nations will target Russian chemical and technology businesses with sanctions. But the Political Editor dismissed suggestions the UK should not get involved and that it will not impact Brits as she explained many will see a price rise at the pumps and perhaps disruptions to food supply lines. Ms Kuenssberg stood firm and said people in the UK "will feel this" as she discussed how the ordinary person will suffer. Speaking on Politics Live, Ms Kuenssberg discussed the issue of halting Russian money from flowing through the UK financial system and the problems attached to that. Ms Kuenssberg explained: "Now, don't forget one of the acutely awkward things about this actually for successive UK Governments, but particularly for this government... "Given the links between many wealthy Russians and the Conservative Party, is how money has been swirling through the City of London, for years, for a long time. "And therefore, if the Government really wants to say that said no Russian movement of money through London, that would be a very significant thing. "But as you know, there's been lots of discussions this week, there's been huge, huge question marks over whether or not Putin is the kind of leader who will pay any attention to sanctions." Ms Kuenssberg then looked at the impact of introducing further sanctions on Russia and how the invasion will send ripples across the UK. She added: "Boris Johnson didn't mention, which if you're watching at home today and thinking well this is all far away and it's all remote and it's all something that is awful, but we won't feel it. "We will feel this, we will feel this at the price of the petrol pump, we may feel it on the price of a loaf of bread, Ukraine's a huge food exporter.  "And of course, we all feel this as well as the backdrop to politics everywhere." Ukraine is a huge player in the wheat export market, as is Russia, and between them, they account for 29 percent of the global wheat export market. Alan Holland, CEO, and founder at sourcing technology company Keelvar warned the invasion would "hit hard" on supply chains and believed shortages of bread could be a reality. Kiev also produces barley, rye, and corn. Ukraine has steadily increased its exports over the years and is a strong exporter of raw materials, chemical products, and even machinery like transportation equipment. DON'T MISS Call for tougher rules as new variant may be 'more lethal' [REVEAL] EU loses €25bn as UK and Switzerland strike OWN 'alliance' [INSIGHT] Macron fury as UK's Galileo replacement storms ahead [REPORT]  Dawn Tiura, president at Sourcing Industry Group, said the invasion will also have an impact on foreign currency strength, stating: “Ukraine’s currency began declining in value since Russian troops started gathering at the border. "This will increase the cost of their exports." The RAC said the average price for a litre of petrol or diesel across the UK on Tuesday was 149.30p or 152.68p respectively. It warned drivers everywhere to expect the “grim milestone” of 150p per litre as retailers pass on rising wholesale costs. Brent crude has also hit a seven-year high of $99 per barrel (£73). 