Call The Midwife returned to BBC One at the weekend and the much-loved historical drama left viewers feeling emotional. The TV hit picked up immediately after the train derailment and fans were worried for the fates of Dr Turner (played by Stephen McGann) and Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter). Midwife Odette Abououf spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the show's positive attitude. The final episode of the series began with disaster as viewers learned the train driver Lionel Corbett (Marc Elliott) had died. His wife, who had given birth to a baby boy, was none the wiser and it was down to the nuns and midwives to break the terrible news. The carnage continued as Dorothy Carnie (Stephanie Jacob), who remembered Sister Julienne from previous pregnancies, died from her injuries. Shelagh Turner (Laura Main) and son Timothy (Max Macmillan) were beside themselves as they found out Dr Turner was still on the train. Yet despite the devastation playing out in front of them, everyone banded together to help in whatever way they could. READ MORE: Call the Midwife’s Stephen McGann shares devastating link to finale Midwife Odette Abououf, founder of Mummy's Organics, showered the series with praise. She said: "Nonnatus House had been offered up by Sister Monica Joan as a sanctuary to the injured and disorientated. "Fred Buckle got to work organising and coordinating the local help that he could find while Violet Buckle comforted Reggie who was deliberating what his role should be in the help effort. "He decided, making tea will help everyone. "As is always the case, labour and birth continued throughout, not stopping to mourn or give thought for anything else." During the disaster, Sister Frances (Ella Bruccoleri) was busy tending to a young Carole Reece (Ellie-May Sheridan) who went into premature labour. Sister Frances gently let Carole know her baby was too young to survive. Odette added: "Sister Frances despite her angelic face, is the most amazing advocate and informed the hospital midwife how the locals in Poplar deal with this situation. "They requested the baby was buried with someone who had recently died and the pair would then be buried in consecrated ground. "A lovely portrayal of gentle care from a loving midwife who braved the cold hospital environment to be a strong advocate for her client." DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife season 12: Will there be another series? [EXPLAINER] Call the Midwife confirm future on BBC after heartbreaking episode [INSIGHT] Cliff Parisi children: Inside the Call The Midwife actor's family [EXPLAINER] Back at the crash site, a brave Timothy managed to help his father and Sister Julienne before it was too late. They were both taken off on stretchers but it was revealed they had only suffered minor injuries, in the grand scheme of things. Odette shared: "The life and death stories are very real and tell the true account of raw birth experiences, complete joy and unconditional love for their baby and death and loss in the blink of an eye. "Early hours of the morning, [everyone was] physically exhausted, traumatised and had been pushed to their limits. "Life goes on, pregnant women needing midwife visits and women having babies, waiting for no one. "Tragedy and devastation, bringing the community of Poplar together, supporting each other both physically and emotionally gets them through together." In the final moments of the finale, Nurse Crane (Linda Bassett) returned to get Nonnatus House back into working order. As the whole team recognised the strength of unity, they paid tribute to an absent Trixie Franklin (Helen George). What started off as a disaster ended in the understanding that a group effort can mitigate the direst of situations.  Call The Midwife season 11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. A Christmas special will air at the end of 2022.