When One Direction split in 2015 their passionate fandom, the Directioners, were left bereft. The band went on an indefinite hiatus that allowed its remaining four members to experiment with their own solo careers going forward. Seven years later, a One Direction reunion is more likely than ever, if the odds are anything to go by. A reunion has not been out of the question for the members of One Direction since they split. Most recently, Louis Tomlinson alluded to a continuation for the band when he tweeted about their history. He wrote: "11 years since my first audition [on X Factor]! I had no idea on that day just how much would have changed between then and now. Thank you to everyone who's been there for me along the way! We're only just getting started!" Liam Payne also joined in with the positivity, having recently appeared at a red carpet event where he was asked if 1D would get back together anytime soon. He responded: "I don't know, I definitely think it will happen!" Now, new odds on a One Direction reunion have now been released by leading bookmaker Coral. Coral have now awarded One Direction 4/5 odds on making a comeback in 2022. This is the best their odds have been for some time - and there's even more good news to boot. The betting company has also placed the band at 6/4 odds on releasing a new album by the end of the year. Although less likely, an influx of new music from the band would be endlessly exciting for fans. Unfortunately, there is some bad news along with these new odds. READ MORE: One Direction star recalled who came up with band's name Coral's odds on the band reuniting are great, but they do not include one key member of the band. That member is Zayn Malik. Zayn famously left the band on March 25, 2015 during a world tour. At the time, the group were on the Asian leg of the tour. He announced via a statement that he wanted to leave the band to live a "normal 22-year-old life". A year later, he did something unexpected. DON'T MISS...One Direction star recalled who came up with band's name [INTERVIEW]One Direction star reveals 'worst night of my life' - 'worst 1D show' [NEWS]One Direction: Harry Styles is 'still a member of a punk band' [INSIGHT] On March 25, 2016, Zayn released his first solo album, Mind of Mine, firing one final shot at his former bandmates. With all of this in mind, Coral have placed One Direction reuniting with Zayn at 2/1, meaning it is not very likely at all. Although the band will potentially be missing the Pillowtalk star, they are odds on making an appearance at a major UK festival. Currently, One Direction are 7/4 on playing Glastonbury Festival this year. This would be the first time the band has played the iconic event - but will it happen this year or not? Coral's John Hill commented: "The boys have refused to rule out a reunion in the near future and our betting clearly suggests there is a good chance we will see One Direction back together before the year is out. Although this is positive news for 1D fans, a reunion is likely to be without Zayn Malik."