Natasha’s body was found in her private flat in April 2018, on the day she was due to give a presentation in a 329-seat lecture theatre. The second-year physics student was diagnosed with chronic social anxiety disorder in February that year. She is said to be at least the 10th student at Bristol University to have taken their own life since October 2016. Her parents Robert, 65, and Margaret, 60, are seeking to hold the university liable for her death. They will argue that the university owed Natasha a legal duty of care, which it breached. It will also be claimed that they breached equality laws by failing to adjust its oral assessment regime in light of her disorder. These breaches, they will say, caused her mental health to deteriorate, leading to her death. The university is defending the claim in full, including a denial that it owed the student any relevant legal duty of care. Natasha’s parents say she was a high-achieving student until her second year at Bristol. Robert, of West Bridgford, near Nottingham, said: “Natasha was incredibly intelligent and academically able. She had her entire life ahead of her. “Given repeated assurances from universities about how much they care about student well-being, I think most students and parents would be surprised to learn that the existence of such a duty is being disputed in this case.” The parents say academic staff were aware that Natasha was struggling with anxiety and panic attacks in relation to the oral assessments her course required. In February 2018, a university employee received an email from Natasha’s account, saying: “I’ve been having suicidal thoughts and to a certain degree attempted it.” An inquest in 2019 concluded Natasha had been neglected by NHS mental health services. But the senior coroner for Avon ruled the support she received at university was outside the scope of the inquest. The University of Bristol said: “We recognise the immense efforts of our committed staff to support Natasha, but we are by no means complacent.” If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out.