Manchester United hero Roy Keane wants to see Diego Simeone take over at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are widely expected to pursue the likes of Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino when it comes to replying Ralf Rangnick. But their former skipper thinks his old side should think outside the box. United went up against Simeone’s Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. They ended up drawing 1-1 in Spain, with Anthony Elanga’s late strike cancelling out a bullet header from Joao Felix at the other end. Simeone was his mischievous self during the contest, getting the Atletico fans going and orchestrating things from his technical area. And Keane, speaking to The Mirror, has now revealed he wants Simeone because he’s a ‘great character’, a ‘great personality’ and ‘doesn’t mess around with players’. “Maybe Simeone, he’s the right kind of character,” said when asked for a potential Rangnick replacement. “He’s having a difficult spell with Atletico. His race has maybe run with them. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Simeone go and get him, he’s a big character. “He’s done great things. He’s a great character, a big personality. He doesn’t mess around with players. Maybe someone like him coming into the club, could work. “It can soon change. I don’t think it’s all doom and gloom, there’s still good things going on at United, but they’ve got to get the manager. “If the manager is not right, then the rest will just fall apart.” Keane thinks United need to go for an established manager and would love to see them make a statement by landing somebody already in a job. “You go and get the manager you want,” stressed the former Republic of Ireland international. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “You should go and get the right manager you think is right for your club. “People say ‘oh, somebody’s tied up with a club. But if you really want a manager – and that’s what it’s like when you really want a player - you go and get him. “Nevermind making excuses saying he’s not available for two years. “You pay fortunes for players, so why not a manager? “I don’t care whose under contract, if you think he’s the right manager for Manchester United, well you go and get him. “You go and pay the money whoever it might be. They’ve got to go and get the right manager.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United have had four permanent managers in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013. David Moyes lasted just 10 months before being replaced by Louis van Gaal. Van Gaal himself then spent two years in the dugout, winning the FA Cup, prior to losing his job. Jose Mourinho won two trophies, three if you count the Community Shield, yet sucked the life out of the club before being axed in December 2018. And while Ole Gunnar Solskjaer raised spirits, United were alarmingly bad before his sacking in November. Keane thinks United have played it too safe when it comes to appointments. And he’d like to see somebody akin to Sir Alex Ferguson and Brian Clough coming in to make a mark and take the Premier League by storm. “Going to back when they brought David Moyes in, his contract was up at Everton,” said Keane. “[Then] they brought in [Louis] van Gaal, who was available, he didn’t cost anything. “Then they got [Jose] Mourinho, he was also available and was pretty straightforward with his club. “But it’s as if United won’t go and prize a top manager away from a club. “The great managers are gamblers. Sir Alex Ferguson was one of them and so was Brian Clough. The great managers try and win football matches, they don’t settle for draws.”