His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge was born in 2013 to Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. As George is third in line to the throne presently, he can expect to take the crown after the deaths of Prince Charles and Prince William. Although George's siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis aren't expected to rule, they will take on a big role in the monarchy when their brother is crowned.  Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis may expect to be Counsellors of State when Prince George is King. The reigning monarch can usually count on their spouse and the next four people in the line of succession over the age of 21 to act as Counsellors of State, if the need arises. The Queen's Counsellors of State include Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince Harry, and Prince Andrew.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry shoot themselves in foot But under the reign of Prince George, Charlotte and Louis are likely to be over the age of 21, and therefore can act as Counsellors of State if their brother requires their help. Princess Charlotte is currently fourth in line to the throne, while Prince Louis is fifth. Counsellors of State are authorised to carry out the monarch's duties temporarily if they are abroad or are unable to fulfil their duties due to illness. But according to the Royal Family's website, Counsellors of State are not permitted to deal with Commonwealth matters or the dissolving of Parliament, except on the monarch's express instruction.  Counsellors of State are also not permitted to assist in the creation of peers or intervene in the process of appointing a prime minister.  Throughout the Queen's reign, several of her cousins, children and grandchildren have served as working royals. However, it has long been rumoured that Prince Charles favours a more 'slimmed-down' approach to monarchy, so there may be fewer working royals when he ascends the throne. But as the children of Prince William, Charlotte and Louis may expect to hold working royal positions during their father's reign.  DON'T MISS:Prince George, Charlotte and Louis offered incredible opportunity [INSIGHT]Why Princess Charlotte could be the eighth royal ever to receive title [ANALYSIS]Why Prince George might never be King [INTERVIEW] When Prince George is King, he may also wish to keep his siblings as formal representatives of the Royal Family. There is a precedent for children of the reigning monarch to formally represent the crown, with Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince Edward all currently serving as working royals for the Queen. Prince Charles' sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, were also initially both working royals, but Harry stepped down in 2020. So it stands to reason that Charlotte and Louis can be working royals if they choose to be, although they may wish to pursue their own careers away from the royal spotlight. 