The TV presenter, now 64, said she explained to them that at the age of 44 she couldn't just "turn up" so soon after delivering a baby. She claimed she was told by one male producer that "my wife was driving after two weeks" and warned Fern if she didn't show up she would not have a job any more. At the time she was the Friday host of the show with John Leslie. A few months later, with This Morning in crisis after Richard and Judy left in 2001, ITV bosses called Fern again to ask her to return full-time - and accommodated her return-to-work requests. The mum of four told the White Wine Question Time podcast: "It was when Richard and Judy had left, I was pregnant, she [baby Winnie] was due in September and the show went off air as it used to for the summer, and my boss said, 'Well, you've got to come back.' "I said, 'Well, she's going to be born in September and you go on air in September. I'm 44, I can't just turn up.' "And he said, 'If you don't come then there's no job for you.'" Fern said that after a few months "there was a bit of a disaster at This Morning and they didn't have the right presenters" so desperate bosses contacted her again. After she was asked to return politely this time, the star set out her conditions - that Winnie would go to work with her every day because she was feeding and "couldn't be without her" and that she needed someone to look after her child while she was on air.  ITV bosses accepted her terms and Fern said she then had a "fun" year taking Winnie to work as a result. In 2002 John left and Phillip Schofield was hired in his place. Podcast host Kate Thornton said: "It sounds like there wasn't a huge amount of empathy"for Fern when she told producers she couldn't return to work and asked her why she thought that was. She said: "Because the programme bosses were men. I'm not a man-hater - I am a feminist - but I'm not a man-hater... But they were guys. "I said [to a producer], 'Well, unfortunately, I'm 44, the other two pregnancies I had, I had to have a caesarean and I know that this baby is going to be born by caesarean so I know I won't be able to do anything for the first six weeks anyway.' "He said, 'Oh my wife was driving after two or three weeks.' "And I said, 'Oh was she? How old was she?' She was like 30." Fern stayed on This Morning until 2009 when she reportedly fell out with Phillip, who was allegedly being paid £250,000 more than her. Holly Willoughby took her place as co-host. Earlier this week Fern put an end to her feud with Phillip by appearing on Lorraine to congratulate him on his 40 years in television. 