The Queen is in "constant communication" with both her grandsons and is "okay" with them taking different paths for their households. Royal commentator Stewart Pearce claimed both Prince William and Prince Harry are now "doing their own thing" based on the role each holds within the Royal Family. While Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge have been taking in an increasing number of roles in recent months, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been establishing themselves away from the monarchy in the US. Speaking to Royally Us, Mr Pearce said: "The young people within the family, namely Kate and William, are negotiating their way into how they can successfully fulfill the nature of the monarch's role, or support it at least. "And Harry and Meghan are trying to do their own thing and liberating their own consciousness. "So interestingly, the Queen is completely ok with all that is going on. "There is constant communication happening between all parties." JUST IN: Queen sees major attendance 'scaled back' after illness with concerns over 'frailty' Prince William and Kate have been carrying out an increasing number of duties on behalf of the Queen over the past two years. Kate has also taken on a few extra patronages previously held by Prince Harry. Prince Harry has returned twice to the UK since he and Meghan Markle announced they would step down in March 2020. He is now seeking a review of a Home Office decision keeping him from paying his own security, which he claims is a serious cause of concern and keeping him from bringing his family back to the UK. READ MORE: 'STOP!' Whoopi Goldberg forced to end TV chat amid shocking disrespectful Camilla comment The Sussexes have yet to confirm whether they will come to the UK to help the Queen celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. As part of the celebrations, Buckingham Palace announced William and Kate, alongside all other senior members of the Royal Family, will undertake a series of royal tours across the Commonwealth to help celebrate the unprecedented milestone. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be visiting Belize, Jamaica, and The Bahamas in March. DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice: Royal lost weight after ‘trauma’ [INSIGHT]Why Camilla won't truly be Queen - Consort title explained [EXPLAINER]Queen's favourite TV show unveiled: 'She can recite one-liners!' [ANALYSIS] Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall will be in the Republic of Ireland from March 23 to March 25. Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, St Vincent, and the Grenadines in April. And Princess Anne will undertake a three-day visit to Papua New Guinea alongside husband Sir Tim Laurence from April 11 to April 13. Further celebrations will be held during a four-day Bank Holiday weekend in June.