Manchester United might be rueing the signing of Cristiano Ronaldo in the summer after another blank in front of goal. In terms of wages, the Portuguese superstar has now cost the Red Devils £4million and has scored just once. United might start to lean towards the idea of letting Ronaldo go in the summer if his current form continues with his wages burning a huge hole in their pockets. The Red Devils were wasteful in front of goal against Watford on Saturday afternoon, drawing 0-0 at Old Trafford. Even Ralf Rangnick had a pop after telling his players, and Ronaldo who played up front, to take their chances better after 22 shots. "It's hard to take that result. We need to be sharper in front of goal. You can hardly create more chances than we did today. In the end it is a very frustrating afternoon,” the German coach said. "Sometimes we are unlucky, when we hit the post, but we also had a few opportunities one-on-one with the goalkeeper. This is not luck, it is a question of sharpness and efficiency in front of goal." And one of the reasons behind that profligacy was Ronaldo, though he was not alone with Bruno Fernandes and Jadon Sancho also guilty. But the fact of the matter is that the five-time Ballon d’Or winner has scored just once in 10 matches and it is costing United a fortune. Ronaldo earns £500,000-a-week but during that period that has seen the Red Devils fork out £4m to the Portugal international alone. For a player whose reputation is built on his irrepressible glut for goals, that is a shocking return for United’s money and one that could end up being cut short this summer. There has been talk that Ronaldo could leave in the summer if Rangnick is unable to land his team a Champions League spot. But the feeling might be mutual come the end of the season if the former Juventus star continues his shoddy form with better options in front of goal for a fraction of the price. At 37, it is perhaps too much to rely on a striker who might be starting to creep into retirement territory but the player himself has insisted he can continue for up to five more years. It is no surprise to see that United are already looking for a new forward with the likes of Erling Haaland and Cody Gakpo on their shortlist. However, any further ventures in the transfer window might depend on letting Ronaldo go and ripping up his contract, which is sapping the club of millions every month.