The goal of retirement for many is to enjoy peace and relaxation, while for others it is a time for adventure. Jeannie Boyle, Director & Chartered Financial Planner at EQ Investors, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to provide insight on the key considerations for Britons as they look to achieve a happy retirement. Ms Boyle said: “The first step is to work out what you want from retirement. Take some time out to consider what your priorities are and how you would like to spend your time. “What you want to do may well change over time, but there may be some things that are best done early on. “If you're in a relationship, talk to your partner and agree what you want the purpose of your retirement to be. “Retirement offers the chance to explore genuinely new possibilities. It can help to consider different areas of your life and think outside the box. Ultimately, only you will know what will make your retirement years truly satisfying.” READ MORE: £150 council tax rebate available from April - check now if you can claim Many people think about pensions as the primary way of funding their retirement, and they still remain the cornerstone of good planning. However, with limits on both the size of pension funds and the contributions people can make, Ms Boyle urged Britons to consider their income as coming from a range of sources. These could include the state pension, personal or workplace pension schemes, savings, investments or perhaps a rental property providing a yield. Ms Boyle said: “Drawing on several sources can help reduce the amount of tax you pay. Longer retirements also mean your savings will have to stretch further.” DON'T MISSPension alert as Britons urged to claim 'free Government cash' before deadline passes [ALERT]‘Very useful!’ Britons urged to trace lost pensions and recover thousands [INSIGHT]New state pension guide could explain exactly why you are getting less than you expected [GUIDE] The new state pension currently provides a maximum of £9,339.20 for a full year, although this will increase from April 2022 to £9,627.80. However, it is likely people will need more than this yearly income if they are to live their desired lifestyle in retirement. A single pensioner may need £20,800 per year to live a moderate retirement lifestyle, according to the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association, more than double the rate paid by the state pension. Ms Boyle said: “A good first step is to think about your day-to-day spending and then consider other expenses such as extended holidays, or obligations such as paying for the care of a relative. “You may want to leave money to the next generation; this will have an impact on the strategy you adopt.” There are multiple options available in terms of how to take retirement income when the time comes. Ms Boyle explained some of the choices Britons may have available to them. She said: “The traditional mainstays of retirement income in the UK: the state pension, final salary pension schemes, and annuities all remove the risk of outliving your savings. “With income drawdown (making withdrawals from an invested pot of money) it is up to you to make sure that your money lasts long enough. “To help your money last this long you will almost certainly need to invest it. A combination of investment income and capital growth can help counter the impact of inflation. Cash interest rates are unlikely to be sufficient for most people.” Ms Boyle also provided a retirement checklist or key items which people should address ahead of their retirement: