I abhor the notion of recruiting an impressionable teenager from a broken home who believed she was embarking on a love story to provide an acceptable face for their adultery. The story of Diana sobbing to her sisters about Camilla before her wedding only to be told it was too late as “your face is already on the tea towels” breaks my heart. Yet now Her Majesty has celebrated her 70th year on the throne by praising Camilla’s dutiful service and enshrining her future as Queen Consort, I can’t muster the ire to hammer out a column full of fulminating fury. Time has mollified my resentment of Camilla. We have seen her smoothing Prince Charles’s ruffled feathers, embracing controversial causes, schlepping about the planet dispensing understated charm and down-to-earth support. Everyone she meets confirms her kindness and sense of humour. She can’t be bothered with airs and graces. She has never once breathed a word about wanting to be Queen. She is entirely happy in a supportive role ‑ a perfect consort, then. Once more the Queen demonstrates her instinct for shielding her subjects from turmoil. In one deft move she ensures Charles’s seamless accession. His coronation will proceed unhindered by schisms over Camilla’s title. She has saved her family from humiliation, the nation from discord and the monarchy from disruption. Signed “Your servant”, her epistle shows her modesty. She chooses to mark her 70-year reign by focusing on the future and the role of her daughter-in-law. At 95 years old, after four months recovering from a bout of ill-health, the Queen has been photographed surrounded by her famous red boxes raring to get back to full-time work. Her eyes are sparkling, her cheeks glowing and her smile is vibrant. Mazeltov on your Platinum Jubilee, Your Majesty, from loyal subject Feltz ‑ last seen waving on The Mall in 1977. I’m hardly Angelina Jolie, but I know what it’s like to be recognised by strangers and I’ve seen what an encounter with someone even mildly famous can do to people. I’m used to being given the wrong change, being asked to autograph someone’s leek and potato pie, and to folk craning their necks so much they collide with lampposts. So I’m not too surprised by my delightful This Morning colleague Dr Ranj Singh saying that the parents of children in his care on life support often ask if they can take a picture with him. He is characteristically understanding of their requests, saying that “if I can bring people a little bit of normality or positivity I’m more than happy to do that”. Appropriate or not, posing for pictures with a seriously ill child is the right thing to do. Fame brings a small distraction from the fear and worry. He’s a darling and he’s right. Oh dear. How do we avoid maligning Carrie Johnson? The temptation to brand women as femmes fatales, manipulating minxes, bitches, viragos and string-pullers is intense. We often fall into the trap of exonerating men and blaming women, reverting Eve’s role in our fall from grace in the Garden of Eden. Tory grandee Lord Ashcroft’s new book ascribes all manner of sins to the former Carrie Symonds. He brands her as overly influential of her husband, a lover of shiny things who tried to secure a gold iPad on expenses, and the controller of Boris’s phone, staff roster and social life ­‑ including parties. Lord save us from knee-jerk misogyny. The nation’s most powerful man putty in his third wife’s hands ‑ forsooth! In a beleaguered market, the visionary Channel 5 boss Ben Frow has achieved what experts declared “impossible” ‑ spotting a neglected TV audience. Fastening on older regional audiences who watch telly in the traditional way, he provided what they wanted: quality feel-good drama and shows featuring Yorkshire, the Royal Family and all things spiritually nurturing. While rivals wasted time and money chasing the elusive younger market, Frow catered for his burgeoning but ignored section of the public. He’ll no doubt have annoyed a handful of people by jettisoning Aussie soap Neighbours, but beware of underestimating this creative man who has worked his way up from the studio floor to make broadcasting history. Have you seen the pictures of Gwyneth Paltrow’s palace? Aren’t they proof there’s nothing duller than good taste? To say her neutral yet sumptuous décor is soulless is underselling its sheer dreariness. There isn’t a mismatched cushion, dog-eared book, half-munched apple or single handed-down antique in sight. All is cool, soothing, superlatively expensive ‑ and boring beyond belief. Especially anaemic is her “collection” of extortionately priced Hermes China Bleus d’Ailleurs displayed in racks in her kitchen, and mere blue and white china to you and me. Collections are only worth bothering with if you are not rich. Saving, spotting and sleuthing are the point. If you can just pay upfront for the whole production line, the fun of the quest is obliterated. Kirstie Allsopp says young people can get on the property ladder if they’ll only knuckle down, ditch the lattes and Netflix and travel north. But one financial adviser told me that to accrue the £59,000 deposit needed to buy a flat in London, a person would have to forgo coffee and films for 37 years. The gulf between earnings and house prices has long been a chasm and without the help of the bank of mum, dad, grandma and grandpa, it’s an abyss. All this guff about belt-tightening and cycling to cheaper areas is simply patronising nonsense. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea