Mould can leave a musty smell while circulating harmful spores around the home - but it seems bleach is not the answer to banishing this unpleasant fungus. While using a fast-acting formula like chlorine bleach will offer a quick fix, it simply won’t keep the issue at bay. Natural remedies can often be even better than commercial concoctions - but what is it about bleach that makes it so ineffective at cleaning mould? A common misconception about bleach is that it can quickly rid your home of unsightly mould. While the harsh chemicals in bleach are undeniably effective for banishing the stains and stench linked to this household fungus, a mycologist has revealed that it is actually one of the worst ways to remove toxic growths from the home. Not only is bleach just a short-term fix for cleaning away the visible signs of mould, but it could also cause it to make an unwarranted return. Using bleach to treat mould can send water to the root of the growth, offering the perfect environment for fungus to thrive. READ MORE: Shower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' According to mycologist Heike Neumeister-Kemp, using bleach on mould could cause it to visibly grow back in just over a month. The fungi expert told ABC: “The fungi contain melanin and the bleach just takes the colour out, but the fungi are still there, you are just masking it. “Six weeks later it appears to come back but it was never gone.” While bleach is one to avoid while cleaning mould, the good news is that a long-term solution could be lurking in your kitchen cupboard. White vinegar is a staple in many recipes - both for cooking and cleaning, and it is the ideal remedy for targeting household mould. Thick mould strands can be banished in an instant with a basic 80:20 solution. Fill three buckets with 80 percent white vinegar and 20 percent water. Use a clean microfiber cloth to dip into the first bucket before wiping away surface mould. Using the second bucket, rinse off your cloth before moving onto the third bucket and doing a second rinse. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game changer’ hack to make oven racks ‘sparkle’ [INSIGHT]‘Came up like new’: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean roller blinds [REVEAL]How to prepare your garden for spring now - 7 quick jobs [ANALYSIS] Repeat this process until all visible traces of mould are gone from the wall. According to Mr Neumeister-Kemp, this plain mixture is so effective because of the “mechanical” effect of the vinegar. He told ABC mould works based on a process called osmosis, where the vinegar penetrates the structure of the fungi and causes it to explode. Once the structure has been broken down and wiped away, it is far less likely to return at a later date.