Stacey Solomon, 32, has logged onto Instagram to share her thoughts on the renovation progress at Pickle Cottage. The Loose Women star took a video of herself and her baby daughter Rose as she put her thoughts into words. In the clip, the baby girl could be seen trying to bite Stacey’s fingers, which the TV star noted was “teething Rose”. In view of her 5 million followers, Stacey responded to a fan who asked why her renovations were taking so long. “I mean, it took us this long to do the kitchen and we did it last because we had to get planning permission," she said. “And we didn’t do any of the bathrooms upstairs until we started the plumbing downstairs in the kitchen. “So, now we’re doing the bathrooms and the kitchen together.” As the caption, Stacey wrote: “I didn’t ever want to rush Pickle Cottage. “I have got so much joy out of bringing it back to life. “We’ve been here a year nearly and I’m so glad there’s still so much left to do. “I don’t ever want it to end. I do wanted to do as much as I can myself and everything else I wanted to really take my time with and also try and be as economical as possible so it don’t cost an absolute fortune.” (sic) The Loose Women star continued: “I feel so lucky to even live at Pickle Cottage, let alone get to renovate it. “So it will take me a good few years I reckon. “But I actually want to savour every bit of it and take my time with it because I won’t do it again for a very long time and I don’t want it to be over tbh.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [LATEST]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [UPDATE] Last week, Stacey’s fiancé Joe Swash left fans of the couple concerned after showing the effects of the powerful Storm Eunice. The EastEnders actor posted a video of himself to his Instagram as he was caught up in the strong winds. He described the scenes as "madness" after extreme winds tore down trees. In view of his 1.9 million followers, Joe described the state his house and garden were being left in. Joe said: "What is happening? This wind is unbelievable! Look!" The camera then panned to a large tree that had collapsed on the floor and the branches torn. Joe added: "We've already lost a tree - what's going on?! This is madness!" The UK continued to grapple with Storm Eunice for days, with several alerts being put in place. A ”do not travel" alert was issued across railways in England and Wales with hundreds of rail lines being blocked and road bridges closed.