First discovered 20 plus-years-ago, the asteroid named 1999 VF22 is one of a vast number that the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) monitors to seek out space rocks that are potentially hazardous to Earth. Weather permitting, viewers will be able to see its latest passing of Earth take place later this evening. The Virtual Telescope Project will provide a live stream starting at 7pm EST tonight. The company’s founder, Gianluca Masi, said in a statement: "The Virtual Telescope Project will show it live, online, just before the fly-by time. “This way, you can join the journey from the comfort of your home.” Formed in 2006, the company will be streaming its broadcast from the Italian capital of Rome. READ MORE: Archaeologists puzzled how Cerne Abbas Giant ‘clue’ was missed  You can watch the live stream directly from its official website, so long as the weather allows for good visibility. Anyone who owns a large telescope can opt to watch the asteroid zip past, as opposed to viewing the live stream. EarthSky specifically states you can watch along if you have access to a 12-inch or larger diameter telescope. According to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory's Small-Body Database, the asteroid was first discovered in 1999 by the Catalina Sky Survey.  NASA has a mandate from Congress to find asteroids and the like which could pose a threat to the future of Earth. To date, the space agency has found no imminent threats after decades of careful searching. While 1999 VF22 is classified as "potentially hazardous," on this pass it will come relatively far away from our planet. Its closest approach will be roughly 3.3 million miles (5.4 million kilometres), the equivalent of 14 times the average lunar distance.  DON'T MISS: Wuhan lab leak mystery blown open with 'close relative' of Covid found [EXPLAINED]Boris lambasted as Frost plots Tory rebellion over return to fracking [INSIGHT]Heathrow Airport latest: Frantic travellers walk along M4 [NEWS] Asteroid 1999 VF22 will come slightly closer in 128 years, when it returns on February 23, 2150. Travelling at 56,158 miles per hour (25.1 km/s) relative to Earth it sometimes passes close to Mars, Venus and Mercury. The asteroid has an estimated size of 1,017 feet (310 metres) in diameter and orbits the sun every 18 months. Astronomers are also using the Goldstone Radar Antenna in California to observe the space rock between February 19 and 24.  Asteroids are small rocky bodies which orbit the sun. Most of them in our solar system can be found in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. A meteor is described by scientists as a flash of light in the atmosphere that is created when the debris is vaporised. In comparison, comets are frozen leftovers from the formation of the solar system. They’re composed of rock, dust and ices. They can also range from a few to tens of miles wide. 