Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel ended up choosing Eduoard Mendy to start the Carabao Cup final against Liverpool on Sunday, but Jamie Carragher "wished" it was Kepa in goal after Sadio Mane saw his effort saved by his Senegalese compatriot in the first half. Tuchel was keeping Jurgen Klopp second guessing on who he would start for the Carabao Cup final.  Kepa has been the first choice for Chelsea in the Carabao Cup this season, playing in all five previous rounds. And the Spaniard impressed during Mendy's time at the Africa Cup of Nations with many tipping him to keep his place in the line-up to face Liverpool. But Tuchel opted to revert to his usual No 1 for the Carabao Cup final and his decision soon paid dividends in the opening 45 minutes. Naby Keita tested Mendy from range with the 29-year-old getting down to his right, but only parrying the ball back into the box.  Mane was on hand ready to pounce on the loose ball, but Mendy incredibly got back up to get a hand on the Liverpool forward's shot. Gary Neville said on commentary at the time: "I can't believe Mendy got across to that!" And Carragher jokingly stated that Mendy's save made him frustrated it wasn't Kepa in between the sticks. "I wish Kepa had been playing! What a save this is from Mendy," Carragher joked.  "This is the biggest chance of the game. Mane has to score but you have to give so much credit to the goalkeeper. Absolutely fantastic." Kepa has failed to live up to expectations at Stamford Bridge since his record £72million move from Athletic Bilbao in 2018. He famously fell out with Maurizio Sarri in the Carabao Cup final against Manchester City after refusing to come off. The Italian head coach wanted to bring on Willy Caballero with the game heading to penalties.  But confusion followed as Kepa ignored pleas from the bench to come off the pitch before Sarri backed down. Frank Lampard came in to replace Sarri that summer and it was soon clear Kepa was not part of his plans. Mendy was signed in 2020 and he's gone on to establish himself as one of the best goalkeepers in the world.