George Russell believes whichever team masters their car development quickest will finish the season at the top of the Formula One pyramid. The 2022 season gets underway in less than a month following the first of two three-day testing sessions. The Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya hosted pre-season testing this week as Russell and Lewis Hamilton topped the timesheets at the start of Toto Wolff's quest for vengeance over Red Bull and Max Verstappen. Whilst Hamilton doesn't know where the teams stand after the first half of testing, Russell thinks Mercedes are currently behind Ferrari and McLaren in their stage of development. But ahead of the second three-day testing period in Bahrain next month, Russell expects mass upgrades to the W13 over the next fortnight. JUST IN: Mercedes chief hints at mimicking Red Bull's eye-catching car design The Mercedes star has suggested the development slope will be quick and thinks the Silver Arrows will come out on top this year if they can reach the summit before their competitors. He said: "I think we'll see it [further upgrades] with all the teams. We've got this massive regulation change. We've all arrived in Barcelona with our best estimate of where we need to place the car. "But obviously, there's a lot of things on track that were quite different to what some people may have expected. "So, we need to go away and try and optimise from the limitations we've had. I think we'll see some changes come Bahrain and throughout the season. READ MORE: Lando Norris disagrees with Hamilton and Russell after F1 testing "I'm sure the development slope is going to be pretty rapid for everyone. Whoever can get on top of that the quickest and most efficiently will be the ones on top come the end of the season." And despite the Mercedes duo going fastest in Barcelona, Russell has stressed they won't 'read too much' into lap times at this stage. "It's been incredibly intriguing and for all of us there's been a lot of unexpected issues, which have been quite visible," Russell explained. "Some teams have it quite well under control, and some clearly do not. Lap time-wise, I don't think it's representative at all. "We were obviously on the softest compound of tyres, and the C5 is a very strong tyre around this track. So even though we were on the top of the timesheets, I wouldn't read too much into it." The drivers return to action for the second testing period in Bahrain from March 10 to 12 before the first race weekend of the campaign on the same track a week later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.