Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has explained how he changed Anthony Elanga's transfer plans shortly after arriving at the club. Rangnick has provided Elanga with plenty of opportunities since replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after becoming an admirer after his very first training session. The 19-year-old's latest contribution came on Wednesday night, salvaging a 1-1 draw against Atletico Madrid off the bench at the Wanda Metropolitano. His cool finish against one of the world's best goalkeepers in Jan Oblak came just three days after he silenced Elland Road by netting the Red Devils' fourth in a 4-2 win over Leeds United. The Swedish winger has quickly become a fan favourite amongst the terraces and is the topic of a catchy chant to the tune of 'Rhythm is a Dancer', which has dominated the streets of Madrid this week. But Elanga was destined to leave United on a loan move in January before Rangnick persuaded him to remain a part of his plans for the remainder of the season. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes blamed for Fred disrespect The German coach has revealed he didn't know of Elanga's quality before arriving, but it only took one training session to figure out he wanted to thwart his plans to head out on loan. He said: "Apart from his name, of course, I had heard about his name before but not as a player because he didn't play for Manchester United. "The first training session the night before the Crystal Palace game, he was the player with the best training performance. "I asked my staff members about him and found out he had almost already decided to leave the club on loan. READ MORE: Man Utd could spark tricky dilemma after 'concrete' offer for star "So a week after the Palace game, I said, listen, I want you to stay and see how you are doing in the training games until the end of the closure of the transfer window. "I think right now he has just shown what is possible in football with the right mentality, the right approach. This is exactly what he did and what he always does in every training session." And Rangnick believes United's players must take inspiration from Elanga and approach the second leg with his mindset. "In all the games he has played so far, he just shows that he's playing with all the passion and all the fun; he's just enjoying himself on the pitch," Rangnick added. "He's fully aware of his strengths, of his assets and his weapons. He is always trying to play and show those weapons. This is what he did today. "Apart from the goal he scored, he had two or three great runs, and whenever he did that, you could all of a sudden see Atletico had problems with this kind of approach. "But we have to show this with other positions as well, not only Anthony Elanga. "We have to play like this in every single position, and if we want to proceed to the quarter-finals in the next few weeks at Old Trafford, we have to play exactly like that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.