This news comes as Russia has begun to send troops into two separatist regions of eastern Ukraine, Donetsk and Luhansk, supposedly on “peacekeeping duties”. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has called for peace and said in a televised speech to his country that Ukraine “won’t cede anything”. The US has urged President Zelenskiy to travel to Lviv in the western part of Ukraine “for his own safety”, according to ABC. Ms Harris said in her speech: “We’re talking about the potential for war in Europe. “I mean, let’s really take a moment to understand the significance of what we’re talking about. “It’s been over 70 years, and through those 70 years there has been peace and security.  “We are talking about the real possibility of war in Europe. “So our position is for us very clear, which is as a leader, which we have been, bringing together these allies, working together, around our collective and unified position that we would all not just prefer but we desire, we believe, it is in the best interests of all that there is a diplomatic end to this moment.” However Twitter users were quick to question the accuracy of her claims that Europe had been peaceful for 70 years.  READ MORE: Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin Washington Examiner reporter Jerry Dunleavy pointed out the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s and the Balkan Crisis, as well as Russia’s previous military action in Ukraine and Georgia. Western allies including the US and the UK have threatened severe economic sanctions against Russia if it invades Ukraine. President Zelenskiy said in his televised speech: “It is very important to see now who our real friend and partner is, and who will continue to scare the Russian Federation with words only.”  DON'T MISS:Gary Lineker goes on rant as he says we are 'on the brink of war' [REVEAL]Why Putin has decided to recognise two separatist regions in Ukraine [INSIGHT]People in Donetsk in ecstasy [EUROPE] Boris Johnson said that Russia’s actions amounted to “a flagrant violation of the sovereignty and integrity of Ukraine”, while Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said new sanctions against Russia would be announced on Tuesday. President Joe Biden has already signed an executive order prohibiting new American investment, trade and financing in the breakaway regions. The EU has pledged to “react with unity, firmness and with determination in solidarity with Ukraine”. 