Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Russia had "failed to deliver" on its "day one" objectives. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said on Thursday night that 137 people had been killed, and 316 wounded so far after it battled Russian invaders on three sides. But according to UK estimates, Vladimir Putin has lost more than 450 military personnel after Moscow unleashed the biggest attack on a European state since World War Two, prompting tens of thousands of people to flee their homes. Mr Wallace told Sky News: "Our assessment as of this morning is that Russia has not taken any of its major objectives, in fact it is behind its hoped-for timetable. "They've lost over 450 personnel. One of the significant airports they were trying to capture with their elite Spetsnaz has failed to be taken. "In fact, the Ukrainians have taken it back. "So, I think contrary to great Russian claims and indeed President Putin's sort of vision that somehow the Ukrainians would be liberated and would be flocking to his cause - he's got that completely wrong. The Russian army has failed to deliver on day one its main objective." READ MORE: Ukraine crisis: Casualties of war as missiles rain down Mr Wallace added that it is believed Russia intends to invade the whole of Ukraine. Asked if it is his view the Russians are intent on taking Kyiv and removing Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky from power, he said: "It's definitely our view that the Russians intend to invade the whole of Ukraine." about using nuclear weapons, needs to understand that NATO, too, is a nuclear alliance, but he ruled out NATO-led military intervention to defend Ukraine. Asked whether Putin's threat of "such consequences that you have never encountered in your history" was tantamount to threatening Russian use nuclear weapons in the Ukraine conflict, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said it was indeed understood as such. "Yes, I think that Vladimir Putin must also understand that the Atlantic alliance is a nuclear alliance. That is all I will say about this," Le Drian said on Thursday on French television TF1. Speaking from the Kremlin on Thursday morning as he launched the Russian military's invasion of Ukraine, Putin said Russia would respond instantly if any external force tried to interfere with its actions. "Whoever tries to hinder us, and even more so, to create threats to our country, to our people, should know that Russia's response will be immediate. And it will lead you to such consequences that you have never encountered in your history," the Russian president said. Western leaders on Thursday threatened unprecedented economic sanctions against Russia, but none have argued for a NATO-led military intervention to defend Ukraine. DON'T MISS Putin humiliates EU as bloc forced to buy MORE Russian gas [INSIGHT]Liz Truss boots out Moscow envoy with 'pariah' blast [ANALYSIS]'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [VIDEO] Ukraine is not a NATO ally, and the alliance is not treaty-bound to protect it. Asked why NATO member states -- which in past decades have intervened militarily in non-NATO countries such as Afghanistan, Libya and former Yugoslavia -- are refusing to put soldiers on the ground in Ukraine, Le Drian said: "That is not what the Ukrainians are asking us". He said Ukraine is asking for humanitarian and financial help, as well as military equipment, which the West has provided and will continue to provide. Asked what weaponry NATO could provide, Le Drian said "they have made a list and we are studying that list in order to meet their requests as soon as possible".