 The sixth and final season of Peaky Blinders starts tonight at 9pm on BBC One. The much-loved gritty drama will follow Tommy, portrayed by Cillian Murphy, as he goes toe to toe with fellow MP and infamous Thirties fascist Oswald Mosley. Other historical characters that feature on the show include former UK Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Jessie Eden, a famous activist and trade union leader. The Peaky Blinders were also a real street gang who operated in the early 20th century in Birmingham. But were they led by Tommy Shelby, as portrayed in the BBC drama? According to historian Carl Chinn, who wrote ‘The Real Peaky Blinders’, Mr Murphy’s character never existed, while the gang itself were active earlier than the show portrays. Mr Chinn said: “It’s really interesting to look back at the mythologised version of the story and the reality. Read More: The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up  “There was no real Tommy Shelby and the Peaky Blinders were around in the 1890s and yet the series is set in the 1920s.” The real-life gang are thought to have been led by Thomas Gilbert while its known members included Henry Fowler, Ernest Bayles and Stephen McHickie. The series’ creator, Steven Knight based the series on stories he heard of the Peaky Blinders gang growing up in Birmingham. He explained in GQ: “The inspiration for Peaky Blinders came from my mother and father.  “When I was a boy they told me about their own childhoods, growing up in Small Heath, Birmingham. “Their stories were like tales from another world, even though I grew up in the same city. Their words came alive in my imagination. “I learned from them that the backstreets of Birmingham in the Twenties were a wild and in my mind, wonderful place. “A lawless, smoky, boozy cast of characters moved to the rhythm of mysterious bangs and booms and hammer blows coming from the car and weapons factories that worked 24 hours a day all year round, dropping ash like snow on the blackened streets.” Don't Miss:Neil Morrissey confessed he wanted Peaky Blinders role[OPINION]Helen McCrory death: Late Peaky Blinders' star love at first unveiled[ANALYSIS]Peaky Blinders plot clue as Tommy's 'fascism contradiction' explained[INSIGHT]  The showrunner also has familial ties to people he considered to be Peaky Blinders. He explained: “My father’s family had worked on canal boats, but his uncles were a notorious family of bookmakers and gangsters. “My dad was eight and barefoot as he ran across cobbles with a scrap of paper in his hand, given to him by his father to pass on to the uncles. “Dad was scared because that family and their associates were also known across the city as the Peaky Blinders.  “Historians may claim the phrase ‘Peaky Blinder’ went out of use at the turn of the century but every uncle and auntie in my family and the grandparents told me the term was alive and kicking in the Thirties.” Though Tommy Shelby never existed, some of the gangsters in the BBC drama operated in real life. Billy Kimber, who was portrayed by Charlie Creed-Miles in the show’s first season, was the real leader of the Birmingham Boys, a violent gang that controlled multiple racetracks in England. The real-life Kimber eventually lost control of several racecourses to the Sabini gang before reportedly becoming a legitimate businessman.  Meanwhile, Charles Sabini, who is portrayed by Noah Taylor in the show, was a real bookmaker and leader of the Sabini gang in the early 20th century. As portrayed in the show, his gang controlled betting at racetracks and earned income from protection rackets operated against bookies, though his empire fell when he was interned during World War 1. Watch Peaky Blinders on BBC One at 9pm.