Later this year Tom Jones is making a triumphant return to the stage after the COVID-19 pandemic, and although he has a collection of incredible shows lined up, he has recently announced a special outdoor show at the Royal Hospital Chelsea - the home of the Chelsea Pensioners. And tickets to the show are out now. Buy Tom Jones tickets on Ticketmaster here. Tickets for Tom Jones' Royal Hospital Chelsea are out now. You can get your tickets here, on Ticketmaster. There are a number of options for the show, including the reserved seating tickets which start at £72. The show is also offering more expensive tickets starting at £180, including packages. Buy Tom Jones tickets on Ticketmaster here. Tom Jones fans can purchase tickets for The State Apartments Reception or the Quartermaster's BBQ Package, which includes some added extras. The show will see the glorious Royal Hospital Chelsea courtyard transformed into one of the "most unique concert venues in the country". Tickets for Tom Jones' recently announced shows at Longleat, Wiltshire, and Blicking Estate, Norfolk, go on sale tomorrow, Friday 25th Feb, 2022 at 10am. Longleat is a high Elizabethan-era building that is legendary for housing such performers as Michael Ball and Alfie Boe, as well as Simply Red. Meanwhile, the Blicking Estate in Norfolk is a 5,000 acre National Trust property with extensive gardens and a Jacobean mansion at its heart. Later on in the year, the Welsh singer will also be playing some other heritage buildings across the country. He'll be appearing on stages in Carlisle, Scarborough, Edinburgh and Essex's Audley End. DON'T MISS...Tom Jones health: Star uses unusual therapy to keep fit at 81  [NEWS]Tom Jones admits meeting with the Queen was 'beyond anything he could  [INFO] The legendary singer will no doubt be playing some of his biggest hits, including It's Not Unusual, Kiss, Delilah and What's New Pussycat. However, he will also likely be filling out his setlist with a collection of new tracks premiered on his latest album, Surrounded By Time. Surrounded By Time is the star's 41st album and reached critical success when it was released on April 23, 2021. Not only was it universally loved by fans and critics alike, Surrounded By Time also became a number one album in the UK Album Charts. Tickets for Tom Jones' tour are out now.