Jane McDonald is regularly seen performing on board a cruise ship. The singer and presenter started her career as a cruise ship performer and she rocketed to stardom when she first appeared on BBC One’s docusoap The Cruise. With 13 million viewers, Jane emerged as a star and household name. From there she has gone on to present her own shows as well as returning to the stage to wow fans with some of her best songs. The cruise industry is hard work, and with it comes long hours, so it is no surprise Jane put on a few pounds over the years. But in 2015 she embarked on a huge weight loss journey and lost four stone. Here’s how she did it. Express.co.uk recently revealed Jane’s time on ITV’s Sugar Free Farm. She and a handful of other famous faces took part in the educational bootcamp which saw sugar eradicated from their diet, in order to improve overall health. Within the first two weeks, Jane lost around 9lbs and despite the different food she was eating, she “didn’t feel hungry”. Jane commented: “It’s because of a change in my mindset. I used to live to eat, but now I eat to live.” READ MORE: Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss The following year, Jane showcased the results of her four stone weight loss after she continued with the sugar free diet after completing the show. In response to being told she “looks incredible” and has “lost so much weight”, Jane said: “I’ve been like this for a year. “I went on Sugar Free Farm for ITV, and I didn’t think I was overweight when I went in there, but I changed my diet. “I just feel so much better. I’ve got so much more energy. DON'T MISS...World War 3: Top 3 safest destinations to travel to [NEWS]Food recall: Tesco recalls meat product over salmonella presence [UPDATE]Meghan Markle: Why Duchess prefers hugs to handshakes [BODY LANGUAGE] “I look different and I feel fantastic, and that’s just by cutting out sugar from my diet,” she added. Going on tour or presenting a show doesn’t interfere with Jane’s diet. But when she’s on board a cruise ship, her weight can creep up, just as she explained to PA in 2019. “That is the first cruise I’ve put about eight pounds on,” Jane remarked. “I ate my own body-weight on that cruise.” She said she normally tries to “cut down” when on board a ship, adding: “If I have a breakfast, I don’t have a lunch. If I have a lunch, I don’t eat breakfast. “I don’t eat everything that I could eat on a cruise.” Jane added: “I eat a lot of salads when I’m at home. But when I’m away, I’m away. “I don’t want to be on a diet on a cruise because I want people to see what they can have. “If I’m going, ‘Oh no, I can’t have that’, then what’s the point of going on a cruise? So, I have a taste of everything, no matter what it is, just so that people can see everything about it.” In a bid to drop the few extra pounds she gained, Jane cuts out “white carbs, like white flour or white pasta,” and doesn’t “eat crisps”. Instead, she likes to “start the day with a green smoothie every other morning”. “I blend up a mixture of raw greens, flax seeds, chia seeds, spinach, kale, mint and a banana. It really is lovely,” she explained.