Rafael Nadal has revealed the key to his current superb form after making the best start to a campaign in his career. Nadal, 35, had to end his 2021 season prematurely with injury, and then his planned comeback was scuppered when he tested positive for Covid-19 in December. However, the Spaniard then remarkably reached the final of the Australian Open, before coming from two sets down in the final to beat Daniil Medvedev and notch his 21st Grand Slam title. The win not only capped an incredible comeback, but took him clear of great rivals Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in the battle for the most Slam wins, with the trio having previously all been tied on 20. And last week, he backed up his success in Melbourne by also claiming the Mexican Open title, beating Britain's Cam Norrie in straight sets in the final. It was the 91st title of Nadal's career and a fourth in Mexico, and extended his winning run to 15 consecutive matches. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu told not to make panicked decision as Brit sent warning amid injury woes   It also made it three tournament wins in a row for the Mallorca man, having also won a warm-up event in Victoria prior to the Australian Open. And now, he's insited that maintaing a composed mind as been the key to his latest run of success. "I have always had enough self-control and I have not been a person who has believed himself very special when things have gone very well, nor very unhappy when they go wrong," he said. "I try to maintain a more or less intermediate emotional state, neither very good nor very bad. Calm down and see things in a more relaxed way. DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu forced to withdraw from another event in Mexico as injury fears growDaniil Medvedev 'doesn't care' if he plays Novak Djokovic role after Rafael Nadal lossUkraine tennis icon Sergiy Stakhovsky joins military to fight Russia 'Makes a difference'  "From there, I will strive every day to try to extend this as long as possible. And, above all, however long it lasts, try to enjoy it to the fullest." And Nadal is unlikely to be anxious about his next major test either, with the French Open due to get underway in May. The clay court specialist as prevailed 13 times at Roland Garros, and is almost to be the top seed this time around - despite the possible presence of Djokovic. The Serbian missed the Australian Open after the explosive saga regarding his visa, eventually being deported out of the country just a day before the tournament got underway. The vaccine rules imposed by tournament organisers could well determine if he'll compete in France, although Federer's chances of making it appear slim. The Swiss maestro us still undergoing rehab after knee surgery ended his 2021 season early. A more likely Grand Slam return date for him appears the Wimbledon championships in June and July.