NCIS season 19 kickstarted in September 2021 with its usual legion of fans lapping up every episode. The CBS police procedural hasn't been airing for the past few weeks though as the network has dedicated many of its timeslots to covering the Winter Olympics in Beijing. But now the international games are over, it's business as usual with NCIS back for season 19, episode 13, The Helpers. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS season 19 will be airing its latest instalment tonight, Monday,  February 28, on CBS. This particular episode is going to be one to remember as it was co-written by Jimmy Palmer actor Brian Dietzen. Jimmy's life changed forever during this series after his beloved wife Breena (played by Michelle Pierce) died of coronavirus. So he has been left to look after their nine-year-old daughter all by himself and now, she will be making her first appearance since she was born. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life According to the description for The Helpers, Victoria (Elle Graper) will be at NCIS HQ to spend some quality time with her dad. This doesn't go according to plan though as Jimmy and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) are exposed to a deadly bio-toxin. It is then up to Agent Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) to try and distract Victoria as those at NCIS do what they can to help them. But is Jimmy going to be alright and how will Victoria react when she finds out her dad's life is in danger? Taking on the role of Jimmy's daughter Victoria is 12-year-old actress Elle Graper. The youngster is a triple threat as a singer, dancer and actress and, according to talent series Celebration of Music, an acrobat and tumbler as well. She joined the training academy programme at Humphrey's School of Musical Theatre when she was seven years old. Graper has since been on the big screen as well as on stage as a leading lady. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? [THEORY]NCIS LA: Viewers ‘emotional’ after Kensi and Deeks fuel pregnancy  [REACTION]NCIS season 19: Deadly weapon leaves team’s life in danger [THEORY] Back in 2020, Graper was given the lead role in Matilda the Musical at the Axelrod Performing Arts Center. Speaking to The Hudson Reporter at the time, Graper said: “Matilda Wormwood is my favourite character. “She has such a great lesson to teach children and adults, that everyone gets to write their own story no matter what life gives you to deal with. "Also she is powerful, and isn’t afraid to stand up for things that she knows are right, which is really important.” Last year, she also had a minor role as a Catholic school girl in The Sopranos prequel film The Many Saints of Newark. Also guest-starring in The Helpers is actress Meredith Eaton as Dr Carol Wilson. Carol, who was a close friend of Abby Sciuto's (Pauley Perrette) hasn't been in the drama since season 11. She will be called for emergency assistance when Jimmy and Kasie's lives are in danger and they need to find an antidote and quick. NCIS season 19 continues every Monday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.