Fire TV powers a range of immensely-popular HDMI dongles and Smart TVs, unlocking access to dozens of streaming services and games. The operating system, which offers personalised recommendations based on your viewing history and shortcuts to jump back into shows you're already watching, is built on top of Android. As you might expect, this adds some flexibility to the platform. However, Amazon seems to be stamping out some of that customisation. With its latest software update, the online retailer seems to be blocking third-party launchers from functionality. These apps replace the Fire TV homescreen wholesale and enable users to customise the design on-screen. Some of these launchers are designed to remove the high-resolution artwork and trailers that can be viewed from the Fire TV homescreen, replacing them with a simple grid of app icons to jump into content as quickly as possible. This also removes the advertisements that Amazon displays as part of Fire TV. While it's always possible that Amazon has accidentally broken the compatibility with third-party launchers, this seems a little unlikely. The Seattle-based company has released a slew of new software updates for a range of hardware, including Fire TV OS 7.2.7.3 for the Fire TV Stick Lite, Fire TV Stick 4K Max, Fire TV Stick (third-generation), and Fire TV Cube (second-generation), Fire TV OS 6.2.8.7 for Fire TV Stick 4K, Fire TV (third-generation), and Fire TV Cube (first generation) and Fire TV OS 5.2.8.7 for Fire TV Stick (first- and second-generation) as well as second-generation Fire TV. Given that all of these versions of the software bust compatibility with third-party launchers – it seems unlikely that it's a mistake. Amazon isn't the first company to break homescreen replacements on its hardware. Huawei, which previously relied on open-source Android to power its own streaming set-top boxes, has locked down the ability to replace its software with a third-party alternative. Google's own Chromecast with Google TV also limits how effective these launchers can be. So, Amazon isn't doing anything out of the ordinary here. For our money, Fire TV remains one of the best looking streaming platforms on the market. It seamlessly brings together recommendations from streaming services like Prime Video, Apple TV+, BBC iPlayer and Netflix into the main menu. It also supports separate user profiles, so each member of the household can receive different suggestions based on their viewing habits ...and your late-night horror movie marathons won't see gruesome films suggested to younger viewers who rely on the Fire TV to watch Peppa Pig each morning. The fact that users will now be stuck with Fire TV going forward is no bad thing. And if you're not keen on Fire TV, there are a number of other options available on the market, including Roku, Nvidia and Google.