Lorraine Kelly, 62, has taken to Instagram to share her weight loss news with her 474,000 followers. The post was originally posted by Weight Watchers coach ‘Suzy StirFry’ and Lorraine shared the post on her Instagram Stories. In the photo, they both looked surprised, but very pleased. @wwsuzystirfry captioned the image: “This is what losing THREE AND A HALF POUNDS on holiday looks like! Please join me in congratulating @lorrainekellysmith in nailing her new plan! She added: “You’re on fire” followed by heart and fire emojis. “You really can live your life the way you want to on Personal Points,” Suzy added. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson shows impact of storm on Diddly Squat Farm amid co-star's devastation  @mrsflan70 commented: "Wow!! That's incredible and especially on holiday. What a start!" On February 17, the TV host posted an Instagram video where she had just completed an exercise class. Lorraine said: “Another fab exercise class with @joycemaryrose - tough, but great fun and fantastic music. “Feeling so much better physically and mentally.   “Thanks @wwsuzystirfry for all the encouragement and support.” The ITV star shared her weight loss progress with her Instagram followers after the Zumba class. She was smiling and said she felt “full of beans and very, very happy” after “loving” the class. TV personality Lorraine dropped two dress sizes by following an easy and “tasty” diet. DON'T MISS...'Grasping at straws' Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's cryptic post amid 'unsettled' time [ADMISSION]‘We were just making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over sudden death of Jamal Edwards at 31 [LATEST]Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance leaving fans baffled in bizarre toilet snap [PICS]    She went from a size 14 to a size 10 without following a strict diet. The mum-of-one opted to reduce her food portions instead. She explained: "I don't think diets work. “My husband cooks for me and sometimes I ask, ‘How many people are coming round?’ “Portion control and not snacking so much are important, as well as being sensible,” she said on This Morning recently. Lorraine revealed that she doesn’t use weighing scales to measure her weight. She said: "I think it's all about taking things at our own pace. "We are all far more likely to stick to a healthy eating plan if we have proper tasty food, and won't drop out of an exercise routine if it's good fun. "I have learned the hard way that daft diets will ultimately make you fat," she added.