Cancer Research UK says there is no national screening programme for prostate cancer because we do not have a reliable enough test to use. The charity says you should talk to your GP if you're worried about symptoms or have noticed any unusual or persistent changes. Signs may be subtle or there may be no symptoms until the later stages.  The prostate is a gland, usually the size and shape of a walnut and grows bigger as you get older, according to Prostate Cancer UK. “It sits underneath the bladder and surrounds the urethra, which is the tube that carries urine (wee) out of the body. The prostate's main job is to help make semen – the fluid that carries sperm,” explains the charity. Cancer Treatment Centres of America (CTCA) says prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men after skin cancer. It explains that because of the proximity of the prostate gland to the bladder and urethra, prostate cancer may be accompanied by a variety of urinary symptoms, especially in the early stages. READ MORE: How often do you shower? You could be weakening your immune system warns researchers  It says: “Depending on its size and location, a tumour may press on and constrict the urethra, inhibiting the flow of urine.” The NHS adds: “Prostate cancer does not usually cause any symptoms until the cancer has grown large enough to put pressure on the tube that carries urine from the bladder out of the penis (urethra).” Some of these signs, according to the CTCA, include burning or pain during urination or difficulty urinating, or trouble starting and stopping while urinating. Other people experience more frequent urges to urinate at night, loss of bladder control, decreased flow or blood in urine.  Cancer Research UK says: “Prostate cancer doesn't usually cause any symptoms. Most prostate cancers tend to start in the outer part of the prostate gland. “This means that to cause symptoms the cancer needs to be big enough to press on the tube that carries wee from your bladder out of your body and is very unusual.” The CTCA says other possible signs are blood in semen, erectile dysfunction or painful ejaculation. CTCA says there are also some “advanced” prostate cancer symptoms, which occur because the cancer has spread from the prostate to other parts of the body, such as the bones or lymph nodes.   Signs of metastatic prostate cancer may include swelling in legs or pelvic area, numbness or pain in the hips, legs or feet or bone pain that persists or leads to fractures. It adds: “A wide range of treatment options are available for managing advanced cancer. These treatments kill cancer cells, but they may also help patients manage pain.” Prostate Cancer UK says: “Pain is a common problem for men with advanced prostate cancer, although some men have no pain at all. “The cancer can cause pain in the areas it has spread to. If you do have pain, it can usually be relieved or reduced, with the right treatment and management.”  It adds: “You might get bowel problems if your prostate cancer has spread to your bowel, although this isn’t very common.” Cancer Research says almost everyone will survive their cancer for five years or more after they are diagnosed, if they are in the first stage. It adds: “Your treatment depends on a number of factors including how big the cancer is, whether it has spread anywhere else in your body and how well you are.” You might have active surveillance if you have been diagnosed with an early prostate cancer that doesn't need treatment straight away. 