Johnny Depp's most recent film appearances have involved him taking on some heavy subject matter. In Minamata, he retold the story of a heinous injustice against a Japanese community. In Waiting for Barbarians he played a cruel Colonel battling against indigenous people in an unnamed empire. Going forward, the Pirates of the Caribbean actor is "on the verge" of change. Depp has been rather quiet of late following a 2020 court case against his ex-wife Amber Heard. A British newspaper accused him, at the time, of being a "wife beater". Heard backed these claims, resulting in the High Court of Justice in England and Wales ruling against his libel case. But this week he was awarded a gold medal of merit from Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic during a ceremony in Belgrade. The award was given to him for "outstanding merits in public and cultural activities, especially in the field of film art and the promotion of the Republic of Serbia in the world". His acceptance speech for the award included him giving some details about his life. Depp said: "I'm right now on the verge of a new life and I like it. I like a re-beginning. And I would love for that beginning to start here, in Serbia, if you'll have me." He added: "I truly, sincerely thank you, President Vucic. This medal of merit, if I'm given the honour to walk away with this and you've been kind enough to bestow it upon me, I will stay true to it and I will do everything in power to make this the embodiment of my commitment here. So thank you again, bless you, I am truly honoured. From the bottom of my heart, from the very core of me, I humbly, and in great humility, accept this huge honour and I'll never let it down, so thank you." This award and statement follow news Depp will be returning to the big screen in the near future. READ MORE: Pirates of the Caribbean 6 actor comeback likely 'due to contract' Last month it was announced Depp will be joining a brand new franchise role in an upcoming movie. He will be playing real-life French King Louis XV in a film from director Maiwenn. The movie's title and plot are, for now, still under wraps, but it is a great move for the star who has been missing from cinemas for the better part of three years. Depp's Serbian award was given to him following two performances in particular. DON'T MISS...Pirates of the Caribbean 6 actor comeback likely 'due to contract' [NEWS]Pirates of the Caribbean 6 risks delay after Johnny Depp exit [CASTING INFO]Johnny Depp breaks silence on new film role [INSIGHT] The first was for playing W Eugene Smith in Minamata, some of which was filmed in Serbia. The second was for voicing a character in the Serbian animated series Puffin Impossible. This incredible news for the star follows a powerful surge in popularity for the actor's Pirates of the Caribbean petition. The petition, "We want JOHNNY DEPP back as CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW", recently surpassed 700,000 signatures from the star's fans. They are calling for him to rejoin the Disney franchise after he was axed from the role of Captain Jack Sparrow. But with reports that Margot Robbie will be taking his place in a series reboot, does he stand a chance? The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE