WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Cry Wolf. Cry Wolf follows 14-year-old Holly (played by Flora Ofelia Hofmann Lindahl) who has written a school essay detailing her stepfather's physical abuse. Her mother Dea Hansen (Christine Albeck Børge) and her husband Simon (Peter Plaugborg) completely deny the charges but social worker Lars (Bjarne Henriksen) must work quickly to find out who is telling the truth. Taking no chances, both Holly and her younger brother Theo (Noah Storm Otto) are removed from their family home which leads their story to unravel in a web of nail-biting twists. The complex crime drama from Walter Presents which aired on Channel 4 has left fans to ponder whether there will be a second season. Will there be a Cry Wolf season 2? Cry Wolf, titled by its Danish name Ulven kommer, which translates to ‘the wolf is coming’, was released back in 2020. It's not been confirmed whether the series will return for a second outing, but it's likely fans will want to see more from Lars. Unfortunately, it seems unlikely the series will return as it was part of a limited eight-episode run. READ MORE:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set What is Cry Wolf about? Throughout the series, viewers regularly change their minds over who they believe is telling the truth as both Holly and her parents give a credible account of how their relationship could have gone wrong. When Holly and her brother Theo go to stay with foster couple Rasmus (Henning Jakobson) and Dorte (Lone Rodbroe) along with their teenage foster child Jonatan (Justin Geertsen) , Dea and Simon hire a lawyer to fight for custody. Tensions begin to rise between Lars and the couple, as he continues to investigate Simon. Dea protests his innocence and alleges her daughter has lied in the past. Throughout the series, viewers are given an insight into Holly's home life as she must decide whether to pursue the charges or return home. Lars is there to help Holly and help her get justice for the abuse she claims she has endured. Speaking of the inspiration for the series, creator Maja told Variety: "I was fascinated by social services. "They come into the most private part of your life, into your family life, and they have to judge whether you’re able to take care of your kids. How does Cry Wolf end? In the show’s final moments, Channel 4 viewers see the true Simon, when he attacks Dea and strangles her to the point of near-death before letting go of her.Dea, who moments before had promised her daughter she would stand up to Simon more, grabs her children as they run off to safety.Social worker Lars picks them up and drives them to a safe house feeling relieved to protect the family.When Simon is unable to find his wife and children, he turns to Lars with whom he has never seen eye-to-eye and pleads with him to see them.Lars insists he does jail time for the crimes he has committed which eventually leads to Simon breaking down and confessing he has an anger problem.  What could happen in Cry Wolf season 2? If the series were to return, it could explore the aftermath of Dea deciding to run away with her children. Dea could become very lonely and start to feel as though it’s all her fault and as her vulnerabilities begin to show, even after several counselling sessions, she refuses to open up. Meanwhile, Theo could be seen struggling mentally and emotionally without the company of his father and beg his mother for his life to go back to normal. Their mother could eventually cave into his pleas and reach out to Simon, insisting she no longer wants to stay in the safe residence, checking herself, Holly and Theo out. Dea and Theo could hope to reunite with Simon, who could claim he is a changed man. However, furious to face her stepfather again, Holly could reach breaking point and lash out at him. Cry Wolf season one is available to stream on Channel 4 