Sharon Osbourne, 69, has launched a rant against CBS after she left the show, The Talk, last year. The presenter left the show in March last year after accusations that she defended "racist" remarks on air. Sharon has spoken out in anger against the network. She confirmed that she had no interest in rejoining the show. The star was asked by TMZ earlier today if she planned to return and she said she would “never” go back to the show. Sharon said: “I would never go back to that show again, ever.” READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years On the reason why, she said: "Because CBS sucks big time d***.” Sharon spoke up about whether she thought it was fair that she was fired from the show. She said that she didn’t feel she “needed” the show. The star explained: "Hey, listen it happened. I don't care. I honestly don't care. It's not like I need it.” When asked if she planned to retire any time soon, Sharon said: "F*** no!” Express.co.uk has contacted CBS for comment on Sharon's remarks. After the dispute, CBS published a statement about the X-Factor judge’s leaving the show. The network said last year: “Sharon Osbourne has decided to leave The Talk. "The events of the March 10 broadcast were upsetting to everyone involved, including the audience watching at home." DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] Further explaining the situation, they said: "As part of our review, we concluded that Sharon’s behaviour toward her co-hosts during the March 10 episode did not align with our values for a respectful workplace. "We also did not find any evidence that CBS executives orchestrated the discussion or blindsided any of the hosts," it added. "At the same time, we acknowledge the network and studio teams, as well as the show-runners, are accountable for what happened during that broadcast. "As it was clear the co-hosts were not properly prepared by the staff for a complex and sensitive discussion involving race.” Sharon became a household name after appearing on the reality series The Osbournes. She appeared in 52 episodes of the show from 2002 until 2005. The star has also been the host of The Sharon Osbourne Show and a judge on The X Factor and America’s Got Talent. Most recently, she appeared as a co-host on The Talk from 2010 until 2021.