Millions of British workers spend years in employment to receive the full state pension when they reach 66 percent - but a certain selection of people are receiving less than the maximum despite working the full number of years required. According to the Department for Work and Pensions, only four in 10 people reaching the state pension age since the introduction of the new state pension receive the full rate. Contracting out was a system where people who were members of a salary-related occupational pension scheme could pay a lower rate of National Insurance Contributions. In return, their company pension made a promise to replace some or all of the earnings-related part of their state pension. The resulting reduction in state pension at retirement was known as a ‘contracted out deduction’. The new “flat rate” state pension started to be paid in April 2016, sparking a flurry of voluntary payments from those approaching retirement who wanted to receive the full amount of pension when they reached 66.  READ MORE: State pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% However, complications mean that in reality, the payouts are not “flat” - and there are many who are due to receive lower than the highest amount. Thus, millions of current workers who have spent at least one year paying into a “contracted out” pension could receive a lower pension amount. Workers need at least 10 years of qualifying National Insurance record to receive any state pension. To qualify for the full new state pension, which is currently £179.60 per week, you need a total of 35 qualifying years. However, plenty have completed the full 35 years and are still not entitled to the full rate, and many have more than the required amount, which effectively cancels out the years they were contracted out for. You are likely to have been contracted out if you worked in the public sector and were a member of one of the “defined benefit” pension schemes. This applies to careers in sectors such as the NHS, armed and police forces, teaching, the civil service, fire services or local councils. Contracting out is no longer in place having ended in April 2016.  DON'T MISSCan you inherit the state pension? Specific criteria must be met [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis urges pensioners to check if they can get top-up [REPORT]Pension warning: Britons forced to hand ‘hard-earned cash’ to taxman [INSIGHT] You can check with your pension provider to see if you were contracted out at any point or you can check old payslips. If the NI contribution line has the letter “D” or “N” next to it, this means you were contracted out. If you have the letter “A” instead, it means you paid your contribution in full. Unfortunately, it depends on whether you have already reached the state pension age. Those who still have enough years left before they reach 66 can continue working so they have at least 35 qualifying full years that are not contracted out, or you can make contributions to top up your existing years. But if you have reached 66 already, there is unfortunately nothing you can do.