Marina Purkiss appeared on Jeremy Vine on 5 as the panel discussed the Queen contracting coronavirus which has dominated the front page news across the UK. But Ms Purkiss did not understand why the country was "fascinated with one person" after previously calling the monarch's ceremonial duties a "colossal waste of time". The panellist said the Queen was "irrelevant" to millions of people across the UK with radio presenter James Max branding her as "rude". Speaking on Jeremy Vine on 5, host Vine said people were right to worry about the Queen because she was a 95-year-old woman with thousands of elderly people being hit the hardest by the disease. Ms Purkiss agreed but added: "Of course, and I wish her the best, I just don't know why we are fascinated by this one person..." TalkRADIO presenter James Max interrupted and said the Queen was one of the most famous people in the world. The panellist doubled down and said: "She is so irrelevant to so many people..." Mr Max remarked the comment was "very rude" with Mr Vine moving swiftly on. Earlier in the show, Ms Purkiss wondered what the point of the Queen was as she believed she did not hold much political power. She said: "Why are we so obsessed with the Royal Family in this country? "We're on the brink of war in Russia and this is what's on our front pages plus these like duties that she's supposedly going to be doing.  "Her light duties involve her working on her red boxes, right? "This is very light work... I mean, I don't know what her heavy work is, but light work, this is her sat at her desk, reading through her government papers, telegrams, letters, etc. "Which I just find to be the most colossal waste of time anyway, given that she's got no powers that are beyond ceremonial. "So I think she should probably just put her feet up." Buckingham Palace confirmed the Queen contracted COVID-19 in a statement on Sunday and would be following guidelines and carrying out light duties. DON'T MISS Lord Hannan says Queen’s Covid news proves ‘no case’ for restrictions [REVEAL] Meghan and Prince Harry to play major role in Charles' coronation [REPORT] Kate Middleton and Queen often break royal style rule - but not Meghan [REVEAL]  Many people came out to wish the monarch a speedy recovery. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was "sure I speak for everyone in wishing Her Majesty The Queen a swift recovery from Covid and a rapid return to vibrant good health". Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer wanted the Queen to have "good health and a speedy recovery". Buckingham Palace is not expected to give a running commentary on the Queen's health as they very rarely publicise health issues. Sky News Royal Correspondent, Rhiannon Mills, pointed out many staff surrounding the Queen had caught Covid, as did Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. 