German Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced this morning that he was pulling the plug on the deal with Moscow after troops were ordered into two breakaway regions in the east of Ukraine. British officials have feared for weeks that Europe's reliance on Russia for energy supply has left it vulnerable in responding to aggression by President Putin. Mr Johnson has repeatedly urged European countries to reduce dependence on Moscow. Welcoming the announcement from Germany this morning, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "We see what the Germans have said on this and I think this is something that the Prime Minister has been calling for, for some time, and indeed again this morning. "Europe has to ween itself off Russian hydro-carbon. "It's a point we've made consistently with regards to Nord Stream 2. "As the Prime Minister has said, it is right that we snip the feed of Nord Stream from our blood stream." Mr Scholz confirmed Germany was freezing work on Nord Stream 2 during a press conference this morning, as he said the EU had been for several weeks preparing its response in the event of Russia escalation. "The situation we find ourselves in today is a completely different one," he said. "That sounds technical, but it is the necessary administrative step so there can be no certification of the pipeline and without this certification, Nord Stream 2 cannot begin operating." Moscow last night officially recognised the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic as independent states. President Putin sent troops into the areas on what he claimed was a "peacekeeper" mission. The West fears the incursions are just the first step before a full invasion of Ukraine. Mr Johnson phoned the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy late last night to reaffirm his support for the nation in the face of aggression. "Outlining his grave concern at recent developments in the region, the Prime Minister told President Zelenskyy that he believed an invasion was a real possibility in the coming hours and days," a Downing Street spokesperson said. "He told President Zelenskyy that the UK had already drawn up sanctions to target those complicit in the violation of Ukraine’s territorial integrity, and that those measures would come into force tomorrow. "The Prime Minister also said he would explore sending further defensive support to Ukraine, at the request of the Ukrainian Government. "The leaders agreed that the West needed to support Ukraine in the event of an invasion but should continue to pursue a diplomatic solution until the last possible second. "Regardless of President Putin’s actions, the UK would be steadfast in its full support of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, the Prime Minister said." More to follow...