Emily Maitlis, BBC Newsnight lead anchor since 2018, and Jon Sopel, Radio 4 presenter since 2015, have both departed the corporation to launch a new podcast and radio show with LBC. Following the duo’s departure, insiders have raised fears about the future of some of the BBC’s flagship shows, including Newsnight. Ms Maitlis and Mr Sopel will front a new podcast for Global Player, host a radio show together on LBC and provide commentary and analysis for the station’s website. In a statement on Tuesday, Ms Maitlis said: “We are just so delighted to be launching this brand new podcast – which will build on everything we’ve achieved with Americast over the last few years – and it will find new audiences and a new home with Global. I couldn’t be more excited.” Mr Sopel added: “I’m delighted to be joining Global with my great friend and colleague Emily Maitlis. “We’ve been blown away by the reception for Americast and are so excited that Global has given us the opportunity to build on this success by creating this innovative news podcast. “This is an unmissable opportunity.” Speaking to the Observer, a BBC employee said they understood Ms Maitlis and Mr Sopel’s decision to leave. The employee, who worked with both outgoing presenters, said: “How would you like more money and more freedom, all without the Daily Mail criticising you every day?” Another BBC source told the outlet: “Everyone was completely blindsided, it's a massive blow.” One source also raised fears about what will happen to Newsnight, saying: “This completely stuffs Newsnight, which is left without an editor and only has one presenter in the form of Kirsty Wark.” Former Newsnight editor Esme Wren left to join Channel 4 News in 2021. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin abandoned by key allies - crucial 24 hours Jim Waterson said the BBC “is struggling to retain some of its biggest names”, noting long-time Sunday presenter Andrew Marr’s departure. The BBC’s former political editor hosted his own hour-long programme at 6pm between Monday and Thursday, and said he was looking forward to “getting my voice back” after being freed from the BBC’s impartiality requirements. Mr Waterson said: “Two big factors have changed the market for news programming. First, the rise of political debate podcasts and online video means the BBC’s in-built advantage of controlling the most popular radio and television channels is no longer the same guarantee of success.” He then added: “Second, commercial media businesses are investing heavily at the same time that the BBC is making seemingly endless financial cuts due to Government-imposed licence fee freezes. “Combined with an industry-wide skills shortage, this has made it easy for commercial outlets to pick off experienced BBC journalists who can put together shows that appeal to the high-end wealthy listeners beloved by advertisers.” A person who recently left the BBC told Mr Waterson: “There aren’t enough good people out there for the amount of work there is. “No boring BBC meetings, flexible working, [it’s a] no-brainer.” Miranda Sawyer also noted for the Observer the BBC is unable to offer presenters what Global, owner of LBC, and other broadcasters can. She suggested “ambition”, “resources”, “tone” and “freedom” all have played a factor in helping rival broadcasters draw “big beasts” away from the BBC. Speaking to Ms Sawyer, LBC presenter James O’Brien, who left the BBC in 2018 due to clashes with impartiality rules, said: “Really it’s because LBC gives people the freedom to explore ideas and express opinions. “It has a different sort of journalist than a few years ago because the fact is the world has changed – look at Brexit, Trump, Johnson – and the current model of impartiality at the BBC doesn’t work. “You want to be able to call somebody a liar if they’re lying. You don’t want to have to put another side of climate science when there isn’t one. “At LBC, you’re allowed to say the world’s gone mad. You can’t do that on the BBC.” In an email to staff, Jonathan Munro, the BBC’s interim director of news and current affairs, said Ms Maitlis and Mr Sopel had “made an enormous contribution to the BBC”. He said: “Most recently as our North America editor, Jon has covered the stories of the region with flair – including three presidents, two elections, the impact of Covid, and the longer-term legacy of 9/11.” Of Ms Maitlis, Mr Munro said: “Her notable interview with Prince Andrew about his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein has led coverage of the story since it aired in 2019. “Please join me in thanking both Emily and Jon for their many years of sterling service to the BBC and wishing them all the best for the future.”