 Nato membership has never before been supported by the majority of the Finnish population, but the Russian attack has prompted a shift in mood. A poll by public broadcast YLE published on Tuesday showed that 53 percent of Finns now support their country joining the defence alliance despite warnings from its eastern neighbour.  Just 28 percent of Finns were opposed to membership and 19 percent undecided - considerably lower than in a similar poll published in January. The poll surveyed people from February 23 to 25 as Russia began its invasion early in the morning on February 24. Russia’s attack on Ukraine, now entering its fifth day, has prompted fresh calls for Finland to join the Nato alliance, with a public petition demanding a referendum on Nato entry created last weekend gaining 50,000 signatures in just a few days. The online petition launched on February 21 had gathered more than 69,000 signatures on Monday as unprecedented numbers of Finns called for their country to consider Nato membership. Finland’s border with Russia is the longest among all European Union members at around 800 miles (1,300 kilometres). Russia has warned that it’s neighbour would face serious military and political consequences if it joined the alliance after Prime Minister Sanna Marin joined Nato talks in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine last week.  Russia’s foreign military tweeted on Friday: “We regard the Finnish government’s commitment to a military non-alignment policy as an important factor in ensuring security and stability in northern Europe. “Finland’s accession to @Nato would have serious military and political repercussions.” Although Finland’s Prime Minister Marin was previously an opponent to joining the alliance she has said that the debate over membership is set to change following Russia’s invasion. Ms Marin and her Swedish counterpart Magdalena Andersson joined Nato leaders at an emergency summit last week to discuss the response to the crisis. Nato sources dismissed Russia's claim that the meeting was focused on bringing in Finland and Sweden as members, with the body’s Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg saying that leaders concentrated on how to support Ukraine and plans to defend the alliance from a possible Russian attack. Following the meeting, Russia’s foreign affairs spokesman Mari Zakharova issued a threat to both Finland and Sweden if they were to join Nato. READ MORE: Truss to hit 3 million Russian firms and vows worse to come  She said: “Obviously, the accession of Finland and Sweden to Nato, which is primarily a military alliance as you well understand, would have serious military and political consequences, which would require our country to make response steps.” Both Finland and Sweden have stayed out of the Nato military alliance. Finland has been militarily neutral since the Cold War after fighting two wars with the Soviet Union between 1939 and 1944. However, support for membership has also grown in Sweden since Russian troops entered Ukraine, with a survey released by Swedish broadcaster SVT last Friday showing that more people now supported Nato membership than those who opposed.  The YLE polls of Finns showed that 48 percent thought a referendum on Nato membership was unnecessary while 41 per cent supported it and 10 percent were undecided. Two thirds said Finland should apply to join Nato if Sweden did so. DON'T MISS:Ukraine on a knife-edge - What could happen in next 24 hours [INSIGHT]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Peace talks collapse as Belarus troops close in [LIVE]Priti Patel says UK will allow 100,000 Ukrainians to UK [LATEST]    The public petition will require a discussion in Finland’s parliament once it is submitted. Alex Stubb, a former prime minister of Finland, said that Russia’s invasion was pushing the country closer to Nato membership than ever before. He told the Telegraph: “Russia is pushing Finland closer to Nato membership. Closer than ever before. “Our security has been partially based on an option to join. At this rate, we have no other option but to join. “Finland’s accession would strengthen the alliance and help keep northern Europe stable.”   