Dogs Behaving Very Badly is the Channel 5 show which sees top trainer Graeme Hall work with some of the most complex canines in the country. During Tuesday night's instalment of the programme, Graeme was introduced to a terrier who constantly tried to attack his owners' oven while they were cooking. His owners, named Kelvin and Helen, became too scared to invite friends over as they feared Ted would also attack them, and they hoped Graeme would be able to assist. Kelvin and Helen rescued Ted two years ago and were assured he was a placid hound who would not be a problem at home. However, they soon discovered he had an aggressive side as he started to attack their oven when they were cooking. Helen explained: "He took a disliking to tinfoil and ovens and that has just got worse." As soon as the couple did anything in the kitchen it was a nightmare as the dog would start barking and trying to bite the oven. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Kelvin said: "You have to remove him from the kitchen or anywhere near the oven or the sink if you want to do anything." "But he drives himself mad by jumping at the wall," Helen added before she explained they have stopped inviting friends over due to Ted's tricky behaviour. The pair said they were concerned Ted would eventually hurt himself or "go for" anyone who visited their house. "He's a loving dog with a trigger which makes him out of control and I would love to fix that problem," Kelvin said of his dog.  Graeme, who was warned Ted would be aggressive towards him, said: "How do you help a dog who is aggressive towards you?" When Graeme entered the house, Ted was on a lead and wearing a muzzle as he "did not like strangers" at all. The trainer knew he had to approach Ted with caution and later on, he tested the dog's temperament by walking alongside him and the owners in a field. Graeme was soon able to walk Ted on the lead and when they returned to the owners' house the pooch was very calm around everyone. DON'T MISS...‘We broke down’ The Dog House family shares story behind rescuing pup [EXCLUSIVE]The Dog House viewers cry as owner forced to give up dogs 'Poor woman [VIDEO]German Shepherd almost killed as METEOR smashes through dog house [LATEST] "What a transformation," Kelvin told Graeme following their walk as the pup sat next to the trainer off his lead on their sofa. Later on, Graeme returned to tackle Ted's bad behaviour around his owners' oven by giving him treats and rewarding him for sitting down calmly instead of biting it. Every time they tried to open the oven, which was turned off, they worked with Ted until he stopped lunging or barking at it. At the end of the episode, the show revisited Helen and Kelvin who thanked Graeme for training the "badness" out of their pooch.  Dogs Behaving Very Badly viewers were also left amazed by Ted's transformation from angry pup to happy hound on the Channel 5 show. Suzy tweeted: "And just like that, Ted was cured! #DogsBehavingVeryBadly." Mrs L added: "Wow good boy Ted! #DogsBehavingVeryBadly." Laura Heslop remarked: "Quite concerning how many dog owners don’t already understand what desensitisation training is! Awful to think poor Ted could’ve been put down. #dogsbehavingverybadly." Dogs Behaving Very Badly continues on Tuesdays at 8pm on Channel 5. 