Not everyone wants to go to a gym to workout; whether it's an anxiety thing or people simply don't have the time or the money for an expensive gym membership. But all fitness-lovers need in order to build muscle and tone up is a couple of weights  - and they can do it all from the comfort of their own home. Getting fit doesn't have to take a lot of time but consistency and dedication will be your best friend. And it doesn't mean slimmers need to acquire an extensive amount of home gym equipment if a gym isn't an option. Instead, invest in a pair of dumbbells and follow fitness influencer Chris Heria's 10-step routine to a toned physique. This 10-minute, 10-move dumbbell-only exercises gives participants a full-body workout, and one that won't disappoint. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble wi... Chris is renowned as one of the most well-known fitness influencers of today, specialising in callisthenics workouts. These are gymnastic exercises that help achieve bodily fitness and grace of movement. Typical exercises include the likes of body-weight squats, push-ups and pull-ups. Chris' routine is a great for those wanting to build mass and those who are looking to lose weight, making it a brilliant all-round workout for people at all levels. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] Follow this workout or watch the full follow-along video here. Push-up deadlifts (45 seconds) Thrusters (45 seconds) Deadlift bent over row (45 seconds) Single arm dumbbell swings (22 seconds each) Dumbbell squats + lunge (45 seconds) Diamond push-up (45 seconds) Biceps curls + hammer curls (45 seconds) Triceps kickbacks (45 seconds) Lateral raises (45 seconds) Dumbbell chair sit ups (22 seconds each) This simple yet effective workout can be done with a variety of different dumbbells, fixed or adjustable. It has been proven that using dumbbells while doing resistance training can have a number of health benefits. Exercises that build muscle endurance can help older adults to preserve their independence and quality of life. It can also aid to reduce physical vulnerability and ease the management of chronic conditions. Incorporating dumbbells into these types of workouts can activate a number of different muscles and stimulate muscle growth. They can help improve both muscle force and flexibility, an promote coordination and stability for muscles and joints. Best of all, they're suitable for a number of exercises for all different muscle groups. This makes them the best choice for a full-body workout tool.