Dancing on Ice star Chemmy Alcott has told how she named her horrific shin injury after celebrated professional golfer, Sir Nick Faldo. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, the alpine ski racer, 39, opened up candidly about the injuries she's sustained throughout her skiing career, which included her breaking her neck aged 11 and a smash in 2010 that saw her bones pierce through both her skin and ski boots. Speaking about the horror crash which saw her break her right leg in two places in 2010, Chemmy told how she had been living with the pain. She said: "It was persistent straight after the crash. "But I had it all the way until January last year. "I had this, like, Nick Faldo size golf ball of swelling on the front of my shin that I squashed into a ski boot all the time," she added. READ MORE: Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit The Ski Sunday presenter explained the reasoning behind naming her injury after the sportsman. Chemmy went on: "I always call him Nick Faldo. "I'm a bit of a, 'name everything to personalise it', and I'm like, 'Oh, hey, Nick's, back today, I better take it easy.'" However, despite affectionately naming her injury after the sports commentator, she has never come face to face with him. Chemmy continued: "And I've actually never met Nick Faldo. "And I've got nothing against him at all. "But I didn't want him in my life, on my leg. "Even though I was retired, I was spending a lot of time in a ski boot and actually working in skiing, I had relatively few days off," she divulged. DON'T MISS... John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict [ANALYSIS]Victoria Beckham 'hints she's making return to Spice Girls' [UPDATE] Elsewhere in the interview, Chemmy opened up on wearing her injuries with "pride". She reasoned: "All the injuries were proof that I was willing and confident enough to take risks. "A lot of my career, actually, in my healthiest, in my twenties, I didn't break anything. "And it's because I was skiing within myself and I had a fear of failure," she explained. Following multiple injuries as a result of skiing accidents, Chemmy has been vocal about the pain she has faced throughout her life. However, while filming Ski Sunday last year, the mother-of-two started taking Dragonfly CBD, which she credits with helping her to get a better night's sleep and managing her pain. She said: "I couldn't believe the difference it made. I felt more flexible, had no pain, and my quality of sleep was so much better. It was a real life-changing time for me.” "Dragonfly CBD helps me lead the active life I want to, without being weighed down by pain. "And my quality of sleep is so much better, plus, it has really helped me deal with what life can throw at us, where juggling 101 things is pretty normal for us all," she added.