Met Office forecasters have issued weather warnings for wind and snow which are due to come into force in hours. The fierce winds and heavy snow could trigger the fourth named storm in just over a week, with the country still reeling from the damage wreaked by Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin. Wintry showers, lightning and even thundersnow could hit parts of the country today - with forecasts showing heavy snow across Scotland and parts of northern England. A Met Office spokesperson said: “Temperatures across Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to drop sharply following a squally band of rain on Wednesday, with frequent heavy and blustery snow showers arriving from the Atlantic. “The showers will be accompanied by strong, blustery winds, with gusts of 50-60 mph possible, and a small chance of 70 mph on coasts. “Blizzard conditions are likely over higher ground. There is a very small chance that some of the showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning, which may could impact power supplies." Read More: UK weather: Exact time Storm Gladys will hit today According to the Met Office yellow warning for snow and wind, there could be anywhere from 2 to 5 cm of snow, 7 to 10 cm or on higher ground accumulations could reach as high as 20 to 30cm by Thursday morning. Snow depth maps from WXCharts dated 11am on Thursday, show up to 40cm over the Highlands of Scotland, with up to 10cm across the North West of England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Southern areas may also see some snow flurries, with Netweather forecasters warning Cornwall and Devon could see snowfall. Netweather forecasters said: "Thursday will be a day of sunshine and wintry showers, with a covering of snow persisting in many upland parts of the north. "Snow showers are likely on high ground as far south as Cornwall and Devon. "However, any lying snow will tend to thaw quickly in the sun in between the showers on low ground." While temperatures will plummet in the north and Scotland, in the south conditions will remain mild - meaning any snow will melt fairly quickly. Netweather forecasters said: "Temperatures will still be quite mild in the south-east, reaching 9C or 10C, but it will be colder elsewhere, with Scotland and Northern Ireland mostly seeing highs of between 4C and 6C on low ground." DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storms [VIDEO]Brits brace for 'blizzard conditions' as Met Office issues 2 warnings [INSIGHT]UK weather warning: EXACT locations 70mph winds to trigger blizzards [FORECAST] In the warning area, wind gusts of 50 to 60mph is possible, and a small chance of 70 mph on coasts. Met Office forecasters also warn blizzard conditions are likely over higher ground. The warning for snow and lightning is in place from 5pm on Wednesday through to 8pm on Thursday and is for