Historic vehicles which have a tax exemption class will not need to pay Oxford’s new Zero Emissions Zone charge set to launch on February 28. It means owners of polluting classic cars will not face the hefty £10 daily fee which will be slapped on petrol and diesel owners for entering the zone next week. Oxford City Council confirmed “historic vehicles” were under the list of exempted models. In a previous statement, the council confirmed there would be a 100 percent discount for vehicles with “historic tax classes”. They said: “In line with London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone, we are currently proposing a 100 percent discount for vehicles with historic tax classes (i.e. historic vehicles which qualify for vehicle tax exemption). “Non-exempt vehicles will be allowed entry through payment of the charge if they are not zero emission.” READ MORE: Residents may not be able to get exemptions ahead of car tax changes  However, drivers will need a Government historic tax exemption in order to escape the fees. This allows drivers to stop paying Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) on their cars and applies to most new Clean Air Zones. To be eligible, vehicles must have been built before January 1, 1981. If drivers do not know why the vehicle was built they can still make a claim if the car was registered before January 8. DON'T MISSNew car tax changes set to launch in Oxford [INSIGHT]Nine roads to face car tax changes in weeks [ANALYSIS]Car tax changes could force families ‘off the road’  [COMMENT] Cars will not be exempt from vehicle tax if it is used for hire or reward such as a taxi. It may also not be exempt if the model is used commercially for a trade or business. GOV.UK warns drivers must still apply for a vehicle tax exemption to stop paying tax. This is sometimes called putting a car into a “historic tax class” and means drivers will not be automatically exempt if they don’t go through the application process. GOV.UK says drivers can apply for a historic tax class exemption through the Post Office. An MOT certificate that is valid from when the tax starts should also be included. The Council has warned their enforcement systems should identify vehicles that are “exempt”.