Until February 14, British teenagers were not able to travel to Spain unless they had two vaccinations. Although the rule has been lifted, some people in the tourist industry fear it happened “too late”. The Spanish tourism promotion authority, Turespaña, has launched a new campaign to attract British tourists to Spain. The “Safe Spain’ campaign is aiming to assure British families that unvaccinated teenagers will be able to travel. It states: “Are you travelling to Spain with children aged 12-17? Check the new regulations because it is no longer necessary for them to be fully vaccinated. “If you are resident in the UK and are travelling to Spain with children aged 12 to 17, it is no longer necessary for them to be fully vaccinated. READ MORE: Storm Dudley: Gatwick airport issues warning - full list cancellations “If they are not fully vaccinated, they will be able to enter Spain on presentation of proof of a negative PCR test carried out within 72 hours of arrival. “And it is no longer required to wear a face mask outdoors in Spain!” Many of Spain’s top tourist destinations suffered due to the strict rules on vaccination for British teenagers. Benidorm and Canary Island destinations including Fuerteventura, Tenrife and Lanzarote appealed for the rules to be changed. Mandatory mask wearing outdoors was also recently scrapped in Spain in welcome news for many British tourists. The rule was introduced before Christmas as the Omicron variant caused a rise in cases across Europe. Tourists will no longer have to wear a mask on the beach or while walking or exercising in the street. Despite the rule changes, some destinations fear that the late announcement means Spain lost out to competitors such as Turkey. Turkey’s high season normally starts in May with many tourists flocking to the country’s beautiful Aegean and Mediterranean beaches. Turkish Hoteliers Federation vice chair Bulent Bulbuloglu, said: “Early bookings started with high speed. “We’ve got strong bookings especially from Britain. They’re almost in line with 2019.” Turkey relaxed its travel restrictions before Spain making it an attractive destination for British families looking to get away. The British market is extremely important for many Spanish destinations especially in the Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol. Tourism officials are hoping the rule relaxation will lead to more bookings for Spanish holidays as confidence grows. British adults will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain and will need a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. Teenagers aged between 12 and 17 can enter Spain with a negative PCR test taken within 72 hours. Fully vaccinated British tourists will no longer need to take a test when they arrive back in the UK. They will need to fill out the passenger locator form.