Attendance Allowance is available to Britons over the state pension age that have a severe disability or condition that requires assistance or supervision. The benefit could see pensioners boosting their income by over £4,000 during the cost of living crisis. Many Britons avoid claiming benefits as they aren’t entirely sure what they should be entitled to. Parkinson’s UK explained on its website the disability tests that will suggest if a person can claim Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance does not require Britons to have an actual carer or attendant currently assisting them, but only requires that this assistance is needed. The first disability test is requiring care from another person several times throughout the day to help with bodily functions. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den reject now making millions as cast notes they have 'a sense of regret'  This includes needing assistance with the following:  The assistance needed can be due to severe physical or mental disabilities or even both. The second test involves requiring continual supervision throughout the day but not non-stop to ensure that the patient is safe and not being a danger to themselves or others. Requiring care at least twice each night or roughly 20 minutes or more each night is the third test, and can be required to help complete the bodily functions mentioned above. Finally, the fourth test requires another person to be awake and watch over the patient to ensure they are safe and not being a danger to others at least three times each night.  These tests can help clarify the somewhat murky eligibility criteria when it comes to describing the amount or type of care one requires. This is vital to claiming the benefit as when filling out the application, claimants who underestimate or underplay the extent of their needs face potentially getting their claims dismissed. Additionally, Attendance Allowance is available in two different rates dependent on the amount of assistance one requires. The lower rate currently sits at £60 with the higher rate offering £89.60 per week. Parkinson's UK explains to be eligible for Attendance Allowance all of the following must also apply: Furthermore, terminally ill claimants have special rules which will be applied to their benefits claims to ensure they process is quicker and simpler for them. Anyone who is not expected to live more than six months can complete the Attendance Allowance form and ask their doctor for a DS1500 form.