Doctor Carol DerSarkissian warned that one "surprising" drink could raise blood pressure. In fact, just 24 ounces – equivalent to three cups – of one drink "causes an average 15-point bump in systolic pressure". Systolic blood pressure is the "force at which your heart pumps blood around your body", the NHS explained. Diastolic blood pressure, on the other hand, is the "resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels". Doctor DerSarkissian added that the soft drink – made of high-fructose corn syrup – also raised diastolic blood pressure by 9mmHg, on average. Thus, drinking three cups of high-fructose corn syrup could drastically raise blood pressure readings. "People with more added sugars in their diet see a significant rise in both their upper and lower numbers," Doctor DerSarkissian noted. Experts at the Mayo Clinic stated that high-fructose corn syrup is a "common sweetener in sodas and fruit-flavoured drinks". READ MORE: Bowel cancer – Two sensations indicative of a growing cancerous tumour – 'don't ignore' "There was a significant association between intake of added sugar and systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure." The researchers then came up with a model that predicted how cutting down on added sugar could impact blood pressure readings. Their model predicted that a decrease of 2.3 teaspoons of added sugar would result in a 8.4mmHg drop in systolic blood pressure, and a 3.7mmHg drop in diastolic blood pressure. To conclude, the researchers said: "Our findings support the dietary guidelines of limiting daily intake of added sugar." Harvard Medical School agreed with the scientific evidence that added sugars can raise blood pressure. The health organisation stated: "Too much added sugar can be one of the greatest threats to cardiovascular disease." Top sources of added sugar, aside from soft drinks and fruit drinks, are: High amounts of sugar is believed to "overload the liver", which may contribute to fatty liver disease. Consuming too much added sugar is said to "raise blood pressure and increase chronic inflammation". Drinking sugary beverages also turn off the body's appetite control system. Thus, a person is more likely to feel hungry, which can lead to overeating and weight gain. Obesity is also a risk factor for high blood pressure, putting more strain on your heart muscle.