A weather front will sweep the nation on Sunday night heaping further misery on regions still clearing up from Storm Dudley, Eunice and Franklin. It will drag a swathe of freezing air down from the Arctic bringing the risk of wintry showers to Scotland. Winds threaten less damage than last week, although rain will drench parts of the country still waist-deep in flood water. The Environment Agency has 21 flood alerts and 16 ‘act now’ flood warnings in force through the coming days. A spokesman said: “Land, roads and some properties may flood and there may be travel disruption.” Foul weather through the next couple of days will finally give way to brighter skies for the start of spring. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “A frontal system will come through on Sunday and into Monday bringing some activity. “It is going to be a bit of a messy Monday after a reasonable weekend. “Monday will be wet and windy for most places, but next week it looks like high pressure returns bringing a calmer spell. “It marks the start of the meteorological spring, which will arrive just in time for the weather to start settling down.” John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, agreed the weather shows signs of ‘drying up’ into March. However, he warned Britain faces one last "dollop of rain" and blustery winds to mark the end of winter. He said: “On Sunday, a weather front starts to make inroads further south-eastwards with a period of rain spreading across Scotland into northern and western most parts of England and Wales. “Looking beyond that and there will be a dollop of rain crossing the country on Monday, although things look like drying up next week at long last after a pretty soggy February.” Ground temperatures will dip below freezing or widely to double figures tonight as bitter winds flood in from the North Pole. The freezing blast will make it feel closer to -10C in Scotland and northern England with ‘feel-like’ temperatures widely below freezing. Netweather’s Jo Farrow warned winds will pick up on Sunday particularly in northern parts of the UK. She said: “This cold front will fade and stall, with just more cloud and patchy rain for western Britain for a time. “Later on Sunday, as a new low pressure moves in from the Atlantic, there will be patchy rain in the west to end the afternoon and the winds will strengthen. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Again, it could be very windy with southerly gales for the northwest of the UK.” Next week will herald the start of the meteorological spring after one of the stormiest ends to winter on record. Britain is still clearing up after Storm Eunice which, at winds of 120-plus mph, unleashed the worst battering for decades. Turbulent weather was in part driven by the jet stream which was powered by an unusually strong 200mph ‘jet streak’ core. It pulled low pressure systems in from the Atlantic one after the other with three named storms–Dudley, Eunice, Franklin–hitting in just days. Forecasters warn while winds are forecast to die down, another bitter blast could bring a final tase of winter. James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: “Current indications suggest wintry weather may make another appearance later this and into March.” The Met Office agreed wind and rain will hit much of Britain through the next couple of days with parts of the country in for a flurry of snow. A spokesman said: “It will be widely unsettled on Monday with early gales in the far northwest, and brief period of wintry showers here later. “It will be more settled thereafter, although with an increasing chance of rain in south and west.”