 The royal couples were spotted dining in Santa Barbara over the weekend as Princess Eugenie paid a visit to her cousin in California. In pictures shared by US website TMZ, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were pictured dining with Eugenie and Mr Brooksbank inside and covered and heated outdoor patio in the local area near to the Sussexes home in Montecito. The photos were released on the same day Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge took part in her first solo visit since the pandemic. The Duchess travelled to Copenhagen on Tuesday for a two-day visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood while the Royal Family struggles with the Queen’s recent Covid-19 diagnosis and the ongoing scandal surrounding Prince Andrew. Royal watchers have suggested the pictures of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle may have been released to coincide with the Duchess of Cambridge’s visit. Richard Eden, Daily Mail Diary Editor, tweeted: “Coincidence? Photographs of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex dining with Princess Eugenie appear on a US gossip website on the very day that the Duchess of Cambridge is making her first foreign visit since the pandemic. #royal #Meghan #DuchessofCambridge.” Other Twitter users also speculated that the pictures could have been timed to coincide with Kate’s trip to Denmark.   One user wrote: “Celebs that are rarely papped have good security, use back entrances, sit at discrete tables and keep a low daily profile. When they are photographed the one time famous family visit, walking in and at a visible outdoor table, without security stopping it, that isn’t an accident.” Another tweeted: “You can literally count on the Sussexes coming up w/ something whenever the royals - Catherine in particular - are doing something. You'd think H wouldn't be ok w/ it considering how kind Kate was to him.” One user hit back at the comments: “I can promise you no one in the US was paying any attention to what visit Cambridge had in the UK. Coincidence UK tabloids can’t simply follow suit and focus on those in the UK and ignore the ones in the US?” Another agreed: “IF A BLURRY PHOTO OF HARRY AND MEGHAN SITTING BY A WINDOW COULD UPSTAGE COPYKATE'S ENTIRE ENGAGEMENT LOL. the UK need to reconsider some things....I mean, Meghan can't help who she is..” The royal foursome met for dinner shortly after Prince Harry and Eugenie were photographed attending the Super Bowl together last week. READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Harry show 'signals of laughter' with Princess Eugenie     It was the first time a royal has visited Harry since her and wife Meghan moved to the United States in 2020 with son Archie, two. Princess Eugenie is reportedly being hosted by the couple at their home in Montecito, according to claims by the Telegraph, where she would meet their 8-month-old daughter Lilibet for the first time. The Telegraph also reported that Jack and one-year-old son August have been spending time with the Sussexes, who have said they may not be travelling over to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee due to safety concerns. Meanwhile, the Duchess of Cambridge paid a visit to the Children’s Museum for her first day in Copenhagen. She will also pay a visit to a Danish project working to protect vulnerable women and children from domestic violence. She will be joined by Crown Princess Mary after receiving an official welcome from Queen Margrethe of Denmark. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Same bond!' Frenzy erupts as Harry's secret expose [LIVE]Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [LATEST]Brexit U-TURN: Row erupts over banning major import [BREAKING]   The British and Danish royal families share close ties, with the Queen and Queen Margrethe being third cousins. The two royals are both descended from Queen Victoria and King Christian IX of Denmark. Ahead of Kate’s visit, a spokesperson for Kensington Palace said: "The Duchess is looking forward to visiting the country, learning from the Danish people, and continuing to build on the already close friendship between the two countries." Kate’s visit came just days after the Queen tested positive for coronavirus soon after her son Prince Charles contracted the virus for the second time. The 73-year-old tested positive on 10 February two days after she had spent time with Charles. The Queen is reportedly experiencing mild covid symptoms which led her to cancel her virtual engagements on Tuesday.