Sporting Gijon star Vasyl Kravets has explained how he wants to go to war and is willing to suspend his football career in doing so after Russian troops invaded his homeland earlier this week.  The defender, who plays for Dijon in Spain's second division, moved to Spain in 2017 to sign for Lugo. Since then, he joined Leganes and was sent out on loan to the northern club for the duration of the 2021/22 season. The defender was excused from training with his team-mates after his country came under fire from their superpower neighbours on Thursday morning. And with fighting exponentially increasing in cities such as Donetsk, Luhansk and even capital Kyiv on Friday, the 24-year-old has told Spanish outlet Marca that he is willing to go out to engage in battle - despite not knowing how to load a gun. JUST IN: Man Utd tight-lipped on Aeroflot sponsorship despite Russia sanctions  "They are killing people, civilians, in hospitals. It's all Putin's fault, I don't want to say it's Russia's fault, but Putin's,' Kravets told Marca. "We are a country that wants to live in peace. We don't want to attack anyone, we want to live well and calm. I tell the truth: I want to go to war and help my people. "But I can't help because I don't know how to shoot, how to move, how to reload a gun, but the truth is that I want to help. "If I could go, I would - to defend my country. It is obligatory for the heart of Ukrainians. READ MORE: Medvedev explains how Liverpool star Mo Salah left him 'super happy'  Brazilian footballers in Ukraine sent out a plea to their homeland after they revealed they were not allowed to leave the country due to the Russian invasion. Stars such as David Neres, Ismaily and Dodo are all stuck playing for Shakhtar Donetsk and are unable to return home. But Kravets is ready to stand arm-in-arm with Ukrainian soldiers and civilians to fight on the ground in order to protect his homeland from Vladimir Putin.  He revealed some of his family members are still in Ukraine and has revealed the terrors they are going through as Russia continue to wage war despite widespread condemnation and pleas for peace. "Almost all our airports are blocked. If my country needs everyone to defend our country, I'm leaving. I'll talk to Sporting and I'll leave," he added. "I call and say: 'cheer up' and they say 'thank you' but I can't do anything else. And after 30 minutes, I call again. "I don't sleep at all. My mother calls me, she hears gunshots. I'm training but I only think about my country, my family... "My wife cries 8 or 10 times a day, it's incredible, they are scared to death." 