 Sally Nugent took over from BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin last year when she quit after two decades on the show. Sally’s been a main host on the show alongside Dan Walker since October 2021 but has now revealed she endured some “really intense” interviews in order to secure her role.   In June last year, Louise announced to viewers that she would be leaving BBC Breakfast. However, at the time, Sally had already known about Louise’s decision for weeks and was encouraged to apply to be her replacement. Sally already had a lot of experience working on BBC Breakfast having spent 10 years on the show. The journalist had also previously acted as a stand-in presenter on the early morning news show. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?  Knowing that Lousie’s job was up for grabs, Sally felt extra pressure while filling in for her in front of the cameras. Speaking out about the experience in a recent interview, the journalist explained: “Every day I just came in and did my best.” However, Sally confessed she had to get through an “intense” interview to finally secure the job. She revealed: “There was a panel interview and a BBC board - a bit like doing an A-level exam.    “The scrutiny was really intense. Louise gave me a little pep talk before. “You can do your best, give the best interview that you can possibly do, the best presentation, think about how to make the programme as good as it can possibly be. “But, they test you because the programme is so big now,” Sally explained. She was eventually confirmed as the new presenter in October 2021 and now sits alongside co-host Dan Walker on the iconic BBC Breakfast sofa. DON'T MISS...The Queen’s unseen ‘sense of humour’ revealed during hospital visit [MUST SEE]Emmerdale heartbreak as Marlon Dingle splits up with Rhona? [SPOILERS]GMB fury: Richard Madeley hit with Ofcom complaints [UPDATE]  Gushing about her presenting role, Sally described it as “one of the best jobs in telly”. The presenter confessed it was Louise who pushed her to apply for the job. Recalling the encounter she had with her former colleague, Sally revealed: “She said, ‘Well, you’re going to obviously have to go for the job'. “I was like, ‘what?’ And then I went, ‘Well, I am, aren’t I, because it’s brilliant’,” she told The Mirror.   Sally and Dan have known each other for almost two decades, having both started out in regional TV. Sally’s had a lengthy career with the BBC so far, having first begun working in BBC television in 2003. While working on BBC Breakfast, she started occasionally filling in as co-presenter on the red sofa in 2011. The presenter specialises in sports news and last year won the Scoop of the Year gong at the Royal Television Society Journalism Awards for interviewing footballer Marcus Rashford about ending child poverty. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 