 Thomas Tuchel's decision to bring Kepa Arrizabalaga on for penalties did not pay dividends for Chelsea as the Spaniard skied his spot-kick in the shootout to put Liverpool's name on the Carabao Cup. Here's how the Blues players rated at Wembley...    Edouard Mendy - 9 The best player on the park, undoubtedly Man of the Match. Made an unbelievable double save to deny Naby Keita and Sadio Mane just before the half-hour mark. His international team-mate should have buried the opportunity but Mendy's incredible reactions showcased exactly why he is now considered to be one of the best goalkeepers in the world. Suffered a minor injury scare after punching clear as Mane bared down on goal after the break but battled on. Then made another smart stop to deny Diaz after the Colombian raced through and he would deny the winger once again in the penalty area. Virgil van Dijk was next to force him into action but once again, Mendy was equal to it. Replaced by Kepa Arrizabalaga for penalties. He did not deserve to be on the losing side. Trevoh Chalobah - 6 Was having a rough ride on the right side of Chelsea's back-three, particularly up against Mane's teasing dribbling. Caught in the groin by Naby Keita in the second half, certainly felt the full force of the midfielder's studs. Converted his penalty. Thiago Silva - 7 Shook off a small injury scare and cleared the ball off the line after Salah clipped the ball over Mendy. Held his nerve in the shootout at 9-8 with a fine penalty. Antonio Rudiger - 8 Coped well with his former Roma team-mate Mohamed Salah in his usual, aggressive manner. Also Steered his penalty kick home. Cesar Azpilicueta - 7 Had to remain totally focused to contain the lively Luis Diaz, who was razor-sharp. Came close to breaking the deadlock when with a sweetly struck left-footed drive that flew just over the crossbar. Limped off on 55 minutes and replaced by the returning Reece James.  Thiago Silva - 7 Shook off a small injury scare and cleared the ball off the line after Salah clipped the ball over Mendy. Antonio Rudiger - 8 Coped well with his former Roma team-mate Mohamed Salah in his usual, aggressive manner. Cesar Azpilicueta - 7 Had to remain totally focused to contain the lively Luis Diaz, who was razor-sharp. Came close to breaking the deadlock when with a sweetly struck left-footed drive that flew just over the crossbar. Limped off on 55 minutes and replaced by the returning Reece James. N'Golo Kante - 6 Fortunate not to be booked in the first half after pulling back Diaz. Not his best game in a Chelsea shirt, wasted several promising openings for the Blues. Importantly, he finished his penalty when the pressure was on. Mateo Kovacic - 6 Tidy in pockets but not his best game by any stretch of imagination. Booked for hauling down Mo Salah. Marcos Alonso - 7 Didn't cope too badly with Salah considering many would expect him to be Chelsea's weak link. Scored emphatically in the shootout. Mason Mount - 4 Spurned a golden opportunity to open the scoring when he somehow smashed the ball wide from Kai Havertz's cut-back just before half-time. It was the same story after the break as well when he collected a lofted pass but could only fire off the post, despite being in acres of space. The England international remained a live threat though and had another shot at goal on the hour mark that was collected by Kelleher. Later subbed. Christian Pulisic - 7 His mazy, determined runs at the Liverpool defence were causing problems in the first half. Kai Havertz - 7 Played in the pockets and caused problems between the lines. Put the ball on a plate for Mount, who could only fire wide. Fired a low cross across the face of goal just after the break that could easily have been tapped home. Havertz did have the ball in the net on 77 minutes but the goal was ruled out for offside. The German had another ruled out in the second half of extra-time when he rifled home to send Thomas Tuchel berserk on the touchline but it wasn't to be. Kept his cool under pressure and slotted home during the shootout. Reece James - 6 Replaced the injury Azpilicueta. Went down injured after blocking a fierce shot. Anything Trent Alexander-Arnold can do, James can too. He also scored from the penalty spot in the shootout. Romelu Lukaku - 6 Struggling to warm straight into the game after coming on but did nearly win it at the death as Kelleher saved brilliantly with his feet. Had the ball in the net in extra-time when he cut inside Konate and slammed home but the goal was ruled out for offside by the smallest of margins. Made no mistake in the penalty shootout. Timo Werner - 6 Looked dangerous but once again, the end product was lacking when it really matters. Squeezed his penalty under Kelleher. Jorginho - 6 Was brought on for penalties and kept his cool, converting past Kelleher. Kepa Arrizabalaga - 2 Considering he was brought on for penalties, didn't save one and missed the decisive kick. A 1 is probably not unfair. 