Petrol prices in the UK spiralled today to previously unheard of levels with fuel at some pumps costing £1.76 per litre for unleaded and £1.78 per litre for diesel. There were also reports of motorists queuing at petrol stations in order to fill up before any further rises, despite there being no issues with supply. One forecourt in Ashford in Kent did close with a homemade sign telling drivers they were 'Out of fuel'. As the war in Ukraine took hold, concerns about sanctions being imposed on Russia that could affect the supply of oil led to the cost per barrel going past $100 (£70) and retailers passing that cost directly to motorists. It now costs on average more than £80 to fill a standard family car with unleaded, a rise of £15 in one year. Diesel is also at a record high, costing 154.7p per litre on average. There were scenes of drivers lining up to get into some forecourts in areas like Winchester and Hull, although not in the kind of numbers seen at the height of the petrol crisis in October last year. READ MORE: New Oxford car tax zone may lead to 'stringent congestion charges' The record price of £1.75.9p for unleaded was also seen at a BP garage in Hull, but retailers across the country have raised prices considerably over the weekend. The current average is also at a record level of 151.25p per litre. Luke Bosdet, the AA's fuel price spokesman, said: “Petrol at 150p a litre reaches a milestone that millions of motorists, faced with a cost of living crisis, have dreaded. “It comes as households are getting notices of domestic energy price rises in April.” DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [ANALYSIS] He continued: “To think that, less than two years ago, fuel at £1 a litre beckoned - although only a handful of forecourts went that far as most hung on to large chunks of potential savings from oil crashing below $22 a barrel. “...It is the cumulative impact of record pump prices, other inflation and tax rises, along with a raft of extra charges implemented or threatened by councils for motoring in city and town centres, that threatens those least able to bear the financial burden. “For hundreds of thousands of them, the car is essential for going about their daily lives." Simon Williams, the RAC’s fuel spokesperson, said. “This is really going to hurt household budgets.” He added: “The average price of both fuels has shot up by more than 1.5p since Thursday. “Despite the wholesale market calming slightly at the end of last week as oil fell back under 100 US dollars per barrel, prices at the pump will continue to go up as retailers buy in new stock at much higher prices. “This week will be an important one in terms of the oil price as it's likely to reveal the speed of the inevitable upward trend or the extent of the volatility in the market.” While politicians talked of the cost for drivers in the UK, the Government has so far stopped short of stepping in to provide assistance. Conservative MP Robert Halfon said fuel was now “genuinely going to be unaffordable for most families”, adding: “It isn’t just for motorists, it’s businesses too because they can’t afford transportation costs and this has a huge knock-on impact in terms of prices.” Gordon Balmer, director of trade body the Petrol Retailers Association, insisted that “there is no shortage of fuel at UK refineries, and we do not expect any significant disruptions to supply”. He said: “In recent years, Russian crude oil and liquid natural gas has accounted for just 10 percent of imports to the UK. “Norway and the United States combined supply the UK with nearly 25 million tonnes of crude oil and liquid natural gas (per year) while Russia has been supplying the UK with under four million tonnes.” The UK currently has well above the required fuel reserves of three months.