Ofcom has been told by the Culture Secretary to review the operation of the Kremlin-backed Russia Today (RT) news channel in the UK. Writing to the regulator, Nadine Dorries said RT was "demonstrably part of Russia's global disinformation campaign". Prime Minister Boris Johnson confirmed in the Commons that Ms Dorries had taken the step. But She told BBC Politics Live: "The problem though while previously this has not happened despite many years of politicians in this country being concerned about the activities of Russia Today particularly acutely right now. "There is the question that being aware of unintended consequences were the UK's regulators were to take action against Russian broadcasters, there could potential consequences for British journalists trying to do the right thing and provide journalism in other countries and notably in Russia. "We would say this but the BBC and other UK outlets are in Russia trying to provide free, fair and impartial coverage. READ MORE: Sunak plots slashing of EU Red tape in £95BN Brexit breakaway coup  "It's easy for politicians to call for it but unintended consequences could follow." In response to a call from Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer for RT to be taken to task, Mr Johnson said: "We live in a democracy, Mr Speaker, and we live in a country that believes in free speech and I think it's important that we should leave it up to Ofcom rather than to politicians to decide which media organisations to ban. "That's what Russia does." Sir Keir said RT was President Vladimir Putin's "personal propaganda tool" which spread "lies and disinformation", and added: "I can see no reason why it should be allowed to continue to broadcast in this country." Sir Keir said he was "very glad to hear that that review is now happening". However, Tory MP for High Peak Robert Largan said he would be "cautious" about banning the channel. He said on Twitter: "Putin would respond by banning the BBC in Russia, which actually cuts through his propaganda to millions." He suggested RT was mostly ignored by those in the UK. DON'T MISS Alex Salmond ordered to quit Russia-backed talk show [NSIGHT]Ian Blackford left fuming as Boris mocks SNP's Russia Today links [VIDEO]Russia sanctions: ‘Nothing is off the table’ warns Liz Truss [ANALYSIS] In her letter to Ofcom, Ms Dorries said certain states sought to "exploit and undermine" the UK's media landscape. She said RT's editor-in-chief had "made clear in the past" that the station supported the Kremlin's aims, by calling the broadcaster an "information weapon" of the Russian state. She said: "It is essential that the UK looks to limit Russia's ability to spread their propaganda at home. "I have concerns that broadcasters such as RT, whom Ofcom have found to have repeatedly breached the Broadcasting Code in the past, will also look to spread harmful disinformation about the ongoing crisis in Ukraine here in the UK."