Since the Brexit transition period ended, British tourists have faced new rules for travel to the EU. If tourists break the rules they could face tough sanctions. NetVoucherCodes.co.uk has rounded up some top tips for British tourists booking a holiday this year. A spokesperson said: “Brexit has brought about lots of changes in the way UK residents can travel to the EU. “Stricter border checks will be in place.” British tourists will now need to use different passport lanes at airports and borders and follow new rules. Since leaving the EU, British citizens can stay in an EU country for 90 out of every 180 days. READ MORE: Expat shares 'worst part' of living in Spain - 'without a doubt' The spokesperson said: “You will need to show a return or onward ticket, prove you have enough money and use separate lanes from EU citizens.” Due to the 90 day rule, British tourists will need to get their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU. If border guards believe a tourist has overstayed, holidaymakers could be detained, fined or even banned from travelling to the EU. One Briton told Express.co.uk she was detained overnight in Madrid after mistakenly overstaying 90 days on a previous visit to Spain. As British citizens cannot stay in the EU for more than 90 days without a visa, they may be asked to show a return ticket or prove they have enough money. The spokesperson added: “Your passport will need to have at least six months left until it expires and be less than 10 years old for you to travel.” British citizens should check if their passport is eligible for travel to the EU before setting off on holiday. Britons can do this on the UK Government website and will need to apply for a new passport if it is not eligible. British citizens will also soon have to pay to enter the EU under a new security scheme arranged by the bloc. The ETIAS scheme will charge non-EU citizens seven euros (£5.84) every three years to travel to the EU. The electronic scheme will help the EU monitor its borders and track entries to the bloc. Britons will need to apply for an ETIAS if they want to holiday in the EU and will have to renew it every three years. There is no firm date for the introduction of ETIAS but it is expected to launch in late 2022 or early next year. Border officials at non-air crossings including the Eurotunnel have expressed fears that the scheme could cause queues. Checking an extra document could create issues at EU border crossings and cause chaos for holidaymakers. British tourists will also have to follow Covid rules in the EU and may need a Covid passport in some countries.