Married At First Sight Australia is back on E4 and the drama is set to continue as new couples are introduced. Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar had plenty in common and they hit things off straight away. But did the romance last? Express.co.uk has the latest on their relationship. Both coming from Italian families, Domenica and Jack had lots to connect over when they tied the knot. Their love of animals and vegetarian diets meant they got along perfectly well. Domenica, 28, is a make-up artist from Sydney, New South Wales who has been married before. However, her marriage only lasted two months and she has been unable to let her guard down since. Jack, 26, is a financial planner from Sydney who is willing to give marriage his best shot. READ MORE: Married at First Sight stars slam 'negligent' creators of E4 series The pair decided to stay together during the first two commitment ceremonies. The panel of experts were excited that the couple got along so well and it is hoped they are still together. Although their relationship status has not been confirmed, the pair still follow each other on Instagram. Domenica has also recently said how she knew Jack was kind from the moment she saw him. According to heart.co.uk, the couple were seen enjoying dinner together in Sydney in January 2022. They were seen feeding each other across the table, so all the signs point to a healthy relationship. Jack is on Instagram and he has shown how the couple went through some rocky moments. Alongside a photo of himself looking worried, he said: "It's ok not to be okay." Yet he also shared a snap of himself cuddling his wife along with the message: "Bliss with this one." As for Domenica, she shared a photo of herself revealing she wanted to stay in the experiment. DON'T MISS... Married At First Sight Australia: Are Selin and Anthony together? [INSIGHT] Married At First Sight Australia 2022: Which couples are together? [EXPLAINER]How to watch Married At First Sight Australia 2022 in the UK [INSIGHT] She said: "Shoutout to the experts for giving me THE BEST husband, it's a stay from me! #MAFS." Both have disabled their comments on the posts so there is no way of knowing whether they have elaborated. Other cast members have opened up about some tension between Domenica and Olivia Frazer. The pair end up arguing at some of the dinner parties and viewers will have to wait and see how the drama escalates. In a trailer for one of the episodes, the make-up artist is heard saying: "Let me say it to your face, I don't like you and I don't like you." Domenica and Jack have been branded one of the 'power couples' of the series by expert Mel Schilling. They are definitely one of the couples to watch as they prove to the others how to work together as a team. Fans will have to stay tuned until the finale to find out whether they are officially still together.  Married At First Sight Australia airs from Monday to Thursday on E4.