High blood pressure is referred to as a silent killer because it puts considerable pressure on the heart without producing blatant warning signs. So although the condition is rife in the UK, millions are unaware they're affected. Fortunately, making changes to lifestyle early can help prevent dire health outcomes. One type of fruit has consistently proven instrumental in lowering blood pressure readings. As with most heart-healthy fruit, citrus fruits contain key health compounds such as fibre and flavonoids. Concentrations of vitamins and minerals in these fruits may maintain heart health by reducing risk factors like high blood pressure. A 2014 study published in the Journal of Nutritional and Metabolism, found that lemon water consumption could have a suppressive effect on blood pressure. The five-month experiment, which looked at a sample of 101 Japanese women, demonstrated that daily lemon juice intake was significantly correlated with reduced blood pressure when combined with walking. READ MORE: How to reduce visceral fat: The 43p food that can help you to lose belly fat 'fast' One separate body of research published in Arya Atherosclerosis in 2013, highlighted similar effects with orange juice intake. This time, the study aimed to examine the effects of a four-week intake of natural and commercial orange juice on blood pressure in healthy volunteers. Interestingly, the results revealed that while commercial orange juice conferred significant lowering effects on blood pressure, natural orange juice did not. The authors noted: “Commercial orange juice significantly decreased blood pressure. "Higher flavonoid, pectin and essential oils content of concentrated produce compared to natural juice might have been responsible for these findings. “Nevertheless, further studies to focus on dose-response effects are recommended.” It is worth mentioning, however, that while both lemon and orange may lower blood pressure, grapefruit may interfere with blood pressure-lowering medication. A healthcare provider should therefore be consulted before adding this fruit to your diet. Diets for blood pressure should put emphasis on fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products and wholegrain. These foods are deemed beneficial because they contain calcium, magnesium and potassium, three key minerals to help control blood pressure. Alongside diet, one lifestyle factor that is crucial for lowering blood pressure is exercise. Harvard Health explains: “Exercise can lower blood pressure by 10 points, prevent the onset of high blood pressure, or let you reduce your dosage of blood pressure medications.”