Russian tennis player Andrey Rublev has shown solidarity with Ukraine and condemned the current attacks as “terrible”. The world No 5 shared multiple posts on his Instagram story showing support for Ukraine and later spoke on the importance of peace after his win over Mackenzie McDonald in the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. Multiple Ukrainian tennis players including Elina Svitolina and Alexandr Dolgopolov have already taken to social media to call on support for their country. “I am proud to be Ukrainian. Let us unite in this extremely difficult time for the sake of peace and the future of our state. Glory to Ukraine,” the WTA world No 15 tweeted on Wednesday. Russian world No 5 Rublev has now become the latest player to condemn the attacks led by his own country. Ahead of his quarter-final match in Dubai on Thursday he shared two Instagram posts to his story to voice his support for Ukraine. JUST IN: Djokovic not thinking about losing No 1 spot as Medvedev fires warning  The first shows a black screen with the caption “No to War !!!” accompanied by heartbreak Emoji and a Ukrainian flag. The second graphic depicts a Ukrainian and Russian flag hugging, as the caption reads: “Ukraine and Russia have been closely connected all our lives, we are brotherly nations, I have many Ukrainian friends, Ukrainian blood flows in each of us! Russian blood flows in every Ukrainian! “I don't know if this post will have any impact on the situation, but I want to say that I don't want war, aggression, deaths of civilians, I don't wanna see shocking news. I want to see my friends again and discuss about everything but war and of politics!” And after his three-set victory, the 24-year-old doubled-down on his views, saying he wanted peace. DON’T MISSDjokovic brushes vaccine drama aside to book quarters spot in DubaiEmma Raducanu stalker given five-year restraining orderAndy Murray condemns 'dangerous' Zverev after Mexican Open rage  The nine-time title winner said he had received criticism for being Russian but wasn’t interested in retaliating. “Of course I get some bad comments on Internet because I am Russian,” Rublev told reporters after booking his place in the Dubai semi-finals. “I can't react on them. If I want to have peace, I need to be like doesn't matter. “Even if they throw rocks to me, I need to show I'm for peace, I'm not here to be aggressive or something.” The world No 5 also slammed the attacks and played down his match, placing the importance on the situation in Ukraine. He continued: “In these moments you realise that my match is not important. What's happening is much more terrible. “You realise how important is to have peace in the world and to respect each other no matter what, to be united. We should take care of our earth and of each other.” Rublev will continue his Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships campaign on Friday, where he will face either Jannik Sinner or Hubert Hurkacz for a spot in the final.