Magmatic Ltd, which is based in Bristol, makes the famous Trunki products at its Plymouth factory. But following Britain's departure from the EU, the company's children's suitcases were "stuck at ports" due to regulations and border requirements. The company looked at opening a European division to tackle the problem but this solution proved too costly. But now, Magmatic has teamed up with the specialist delivery duty paid (DDP) Europa Flow service in a bid to stop its products being held up by Brexit bureaucracy. Philip Prophett, warehouse manager at Magma Moulding in Plymouth, said: “These transit delays were immensely challenging, so we began to explore alternative solutions. “These included using European storage facilities and creating a European division of the company, both of which had huge cost implications, making them unviable. “We had worked with Europa in the past, and received a call last summer from the firm, informing us about Europa Flow. "It could not have been timelier, because we had really been struggling to find the right solution to meet our export needs. “From that point on, the situation improved dramatically; we were able to increase our volumes and get our European growth projections back on track. “Europa Flow gave us the confidence to expand our customer base on the continent once again, because we knew we could get our products there without any glitches.” READ MORE: Andrew Neil destroys claims Brexit caused Russian invasion He added: “Trunki very much sees Europa Flow as a partner, not just supplier, to the brand. "Time is invested in understanding our processes, lead times, and relationships with key marketplace platforms such as Amazon. "This partnership approach is of immense value to our business.” Europa, which has a base in Bristol, launched Europa Flow in 2021 in response to the UK’s departure from the European Union (EU). DON'T MISS Brexit: UK Nationals cannot keep pre-Brexit rights [INSIGHT] ‘Nonsense!’ Peston savaged for ‘blaming Brexit’ [COMMENT] Boris challenged to deliver Brexit pledge on sanctions [REVEAL] The service takes care of customs declarations and duties before shipments arrive at European ports, so import VAT doesn’t need to be paid on arrival and deliveries aren’t hindered. In January 2021, Europa Flow transactions were averaging about 4,000 per month. From that point onwards, as customer confidence grew, volumes increased rapidly. By the end of January 2022, the average monthly transactions had more than doubled, meaning that by the end of the first 12 months, Europa Flow had dispatched more than 100,000 consignments. Adrian Redmile, sales and branch network director at Europa, said: “As a business, we have never shied away from the challenge of Brexit. "Europa Flow has been about staying one step ahead of the game, future-proofing our own business as well as those of our customers. "The product has been instrumental in enabling our clients to remain operational and resilient in the face of economic shocks. "We are very proud of what Europa Flow has already achieved and how it is leading the logistics industry by example as we enter a new era of supply chain interactions.” Europa Flow has also delivered across 24 EU countries and exported goods worth a total value of £1bn. Each month, Europa Flow has also generated a total of £1.8m duty deferred and created an estimated £14.28m in VAT zero rated processes for its customers. Europa Flow offers anticipated goods declarations, meaning consignments can be collected and exported on the same day.