 Last week on Good Morning Britain, Richard Madeley discussed reports death threats were sent to Keir Starmer after Prime Minister Boris Johnson made the false allegation the leader of the opposition had failed to prosecute paedophile Jimmy Savile. When Madeley questioned if the death threats were "that big a deal," furious viewers called for him to be axed from the show.   It has now been revealed over 800 complaints were made to broadcasting watchdog Ofcom. At the time, Madeley said: “The row over what Boris said in the Commons about Jimmy Savile rumbles on. "Now we learned yesterday that Keir Starmer says he's getting death threats online – people calling for his execution." Journalist Andrew Pierce chimed in: “Well I think politicians get that all the time.” READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?   Madeley remarked: “I was going to say, actually, is that that big a deal?” Upon hearing his comments, ITV viewers quickly took to Twitter to hit out at Madeley, with many accusing him of “making light” of death threats. “Richard Madeley on the death threats Keir Starmer is getting ‘Is it that big a deal?’ Words fail me! @GMB please get this man off our TV sets! You can’t make light of this. It’s a very big deal! #GMB #RichardMadeley,” @JoannaTurner8 fumed. “Richard Madeley suggesting death threats to Kier Starmer are no big deal, when 2 mps have been murdered in recent years. When will @Ofcom finally act against #GMB? Their producers and Madeley should be held personally liable,” @stuinpool wrote.    “#GMB I’d like to register my complaint against the appalling comment made by Richard Madeley re the Keir Starmer death threats on GMB. Surely this shocking comment is a sackable offence!” @seagulls4fun commented. @LargestAK said: “@GMB Madeley and his trivialisation of death threats towards MP’s or indeed anyone is abhorrent and you should think seriously about his place within your organisation. Your failure to do so implies a tacit agreement with his views. Do better!” The next day Madeley insisted death threats are “never acceptable” as he responded to the backlash he'd received online. Addressing Good Morning Britain viewers at the start of the show, he said: “It was a really busy show yesterday, we had so much to do. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper breaks down in tears [WATCH]BBC viewers blast Brendan O’Carroll for ‘racist’ joke [UPDATE]Taskmaster star Sarah Kendall recalls ‘standout cringe moment’ [EXCLUSIVE] “I want to say one thing very quickly at the top here. I tried to pose a question on one of our early discussions on the programme about how prolific online death threats are. "I didn’t actually quite press it properly, I didn’t go into it enough." Madeley added: “I just want to reiterate the obvious statement that death threats clearly are never acceptable.” ITV also received over 70 Ofcom complaints over the weekend after some viewers took issue with a segment on Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway.    Presenting duo Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly dressed up in drag for a special performance as the end of the show Meanwhile, Emmerdale was also recently hit with over 70 complaints over serial killer Meena Jutla’s gun showdown. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 