Emma Raducanu has been handed a boost after her disappointing early losses and injury woes. The world No 12 crashed out of last month’s Australian Open with blistering and withdrew from her first-round in Guadalajara with a hip injury. Despite her troubles this season, former Wimbledon champion Richard Krajicek is backing her to become a consistent top player. Raducanu stunned the sporting world when she won the US Open last year as an 18-year-old qualifier, failing to drop a set throughout her ten matches en route to becoming the first qualifier ever to become a Grand Slam champion. It wasn’t her first taste of victory at Major level either, as she made her Grand Slam debut at Wimbledon last summer while ranked outside the world’s top 300 and made it to the second week as a wildcard. But the 19-year-old’s first full season on the WTA Tour hasn’t gotten off to a great start, as Raducanu has found herself hampered by injuries amid her early exits from tournaments. Opening the year with a 6-0 6-1 loss to Elena Rybakina in Sydney, she bounced back to defeat former world No 3 and 2017 US Open champion Sloane Stephens in a tricky first-round draw at the Australian Open. JUST IN: Medvedev explains how Liverpool star Mo Salah left him 'super happy'  Injuries have marred her performances since, as she lost to Danka Kovinic in the next round with blistering so bad members of her team didn’t want her to play. This week, Raducanu was forced to retire in the third set of the longest WTA match so far this season when she suffered a hip injury against Daria Saville at the Abierto Akron Zapopan. While the Bromley teenager is going through a tough time with her results on the court, a former Wimbledon champion has backed her to become a consistent top five player in an encouraging prediction. “I think she is going to be a consistent top five player, a consistent Grand Slam semi-finalist, maybe win a few more,” Richard Krajicek told Tennis365. DON’T MISSMedvedev shares confusion at Djokovic texts after reaching Nadal clashDjokovic blasts BBC over controversial interview - 'I was humiliated'Nadal slams Zverev as German fined £30,000 and could face tour ban  The 1996 Wimbledon champion-turned-Rotterdam tournament director said he thought Raducanu would become a Grand Slam contender once more when she had adapted to life on the pro tour. He continued: “She has so many years ahead of her and I think it will take a bit of time to settle down, but once she gets going again and I think she wants to be a top five player, become No 1 win a Grand Slam. “Of course, this might not happen, but she has achieved something amazing.” The Dutch former world No 4 admitted that even winning just one Grand Slam title had been a special achievement that he carried into retirement and said Raducanu would always have her US Open run to give her a lift in the tough moments. “There I speak from experience,” he added. “I won one Grand Slam and maybe I had chances to win more, but even when you are 50-years-old like me, it is great to have won a Grand Slam.” And Krajicek was impressed with the young Brit’s feat in New York, admitting it had been “an amazing moment in tennis”. “It was fantastic, I loved it, it was so great. Coming through qualifying and winning the tournament, totally in control and dominating almost, I thought it was really good,” he gushed. “Logically, maybe she is struggling a bit now, but she needs a little time to settle down and get used to her status as a Grand Slam champion.”