The UK's approach to the pandemic has pivoted from precaution to living with the virus. Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that the rules on self-isolation will be lifted in England, along with an end to free mass testing for all but the most vulnerable and care workers, with other nations of the UK making their own announcements. This marks a sea change in how Britons live with the virus.  Do not be under the illusion that Covid has been expunged from UK shores, however. The virus is still spreading but the double threat of vaccine-induced and natural immunity has kept hospital numbers under control. Symptoms of Covid are still being reported to the ZOE COVID Study app, which logs data from over four million contributors. In his latest video, Professor Tim Spector, who heads up the ZOE COVID Study app, ranked the top 20 symptoms currently recored. READ MORE: Omicron symptoms: Two alarming psychological signs of Covid - 'can persist' for months  He said: "It's the usual favourites. Moving up and down a bit." In at "number one" is runny nose, accounting for 75 percent of all symptomatic cases, Prof Spector said. This was followed shortly by headache (68 percent), sore throat (66 percent) and fatigue (65 percent). Other signs recorded include: DON'T MISSParacetamol side effects: Sign when going to the toilet [ADVICE]How often should I wash my hair? The four rules [TIPS]Barry Gibb health: 'It's killing me' - star recalls health problem [INSIGHT] The scientists behind the ZOE COVID Study are keen for users to keep contributing their symptoms. The team pointed out that they continued to update and refine their prediction algorithm to take into account the impact of vaccines on symptoms and the emergence of new variants. For example, Omicron has a different set of common symptoms compared with the "classic three" original coronavirus symptoms of cough, fever and loss of smell, which the government continues to use. "Since the early days of the app our Contributors have been able to report the results of PCR, lateral flow and antibody blood tests," the ZOE scientists said. They continued: "We know that many of you are still doing lateral flow tests on a regular or occasional basis, and this is likely to continue for a while, depending on test availability. "We do recommend keeping one or two kits spare in your cupboard while they’re still free to order, and only testing when you start feeling different to normal and getting new symptoms." Why? "Logging your daily health reports and any Covid test results - whatever the type and whatever the result - will help us ensure that our predictions are as accurate as possible." In the meantime, if you haven't, you should roll up your sleeves and get vaccinated. "The coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines are safe and effective. They give you the best protection against COVID-19," explains the NHS. Everyone aged 12 and over, and some children aged 5 to 11, can get a first and second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine. People aged 16 and over, and some children aged 12 to 15, can also get a booster dose. The COVID-19 vaccines currently approved for use in the UK are: 