Kathy (played by Gillian Taylforth) has had no involvement with EastEnders villain Gray (Toby-Alexander Smith) since he arrived on the Square almost three years ago. It's fair to say, the BBC soap icon has been through her fair share of drama over the years and with so much experience behind her, viewers might think she would be able to spot a shady character amongst the crowd. This is exactly what could happen in upcoming scenes as the two characters will share a scene together which would prove to be fatal for the murderer. The drama begins next week as Gray remains unconscious in Monday's episode, having been assaulted by Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) over Chantelle Atkins' (Jessica Plummer) death. As he lies in a hospital bed in a coma, his wife Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) is taking full advantage of not being under his control. Believing the villain is a nasty character who needs to be taken down, Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) is pleased to see the mother of one is finally getting her confidence back. What makes her even happier is when she overhears a conversation Gray's wife has with Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) as to why she hasn't been to see her husband. Knowing she needs to be by her ex-son-in-law's bedside, Karen takes herself off to the hospital and starts to speak to Gray about Whitney and his children. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? It seems hearing Whitney's name sparks a response for the villain as his eyes begin to flicker as he comes around from his coma. With her spouse awake and wanting answers over what happened to him, Chelsea reluctantly decides to pay him a visit to keep up appearances. The villain is left seething when he realises his wife is getting her confidence back and he is even angrier when people don't seem to be making a fuss over what happened to him. However, his attentions soon turn to a newspaper headline about a body being found on the Square in the same location he put Tina Carter's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) corpse. News begins to spread it is the remains of the beloved character and her family are left heartbroken over their loss. Heading to Kathy's café, he quizzes the owner about why the Carters have decided to close the Queen Vic to the public. Unfortunately, at this time she is unaware of Tina being identified as the deceased but this doesn't mean she doesn't pick up on Gray's shady behaviour. Kathy has had her pick of bad men over the years who have committed all manner of crimes, from gangster Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) to her abusive husband, Gavin Sullivan (Paul Nicholas). She knows when someone has a guilty conscience and noting how Gray is acting, she could realise he has something to do with whoever has died. The villain already knows the walls are closing in on him at this point but what he might not realise is he has given the game away. DON'T MISS...Jamie Brothwick: EastEnders star reveals 'really bad' condition [COMMENT]Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [COMMENT]Adam Woodyatt rakes in £2.5m as ex-wife ‘relies on food handouts’ [COMMENT] Although he has quite a reputation on the Square as being Mr Nice Guy, Kathy could realise this is all an act to cover his true colours. As she thinks back over the years he has been living in Walford, she could begin to piece the jigsaw together and she believes he could have killed Chantelle. Not realising how correct she is, the café owner could report her suspicions to the police and Gray wouldn't have time to intervene as she would be the last person he would think would bring him down. Kathy was also a good friend of Tina's so she will want justice for the beloved Walford resident when she discovers she is dead. Could this be the biggest twist of the storyline which no one saw coming? One of the other men who Kathy has been caught up with in the past was no more than the villainous James Willmott-Brown (William Boyde). During his original stint on the show, he featured in a harrowing storyline when he raped Kathy and was later convicted of the crime. He made a short return to the soap a few years later before being put back in prison for raping another woman. In 2017, he came back for a second time and he went head to head with Kathy over their past in scenes that cemented her as a Walford legend. Speaking of filming the intense episodes at the time, the actress who plays Kathy, Gillian, said: "It was very dark and scary." "It was brilliant to do and it was hard because there were some long, long paragraphs to learn but it was just William [James] and I the whole way through," she continued in her interview with Metro.co.uk. "There were other storylines going on but this was great for me and Will was great to film and work with him again. "I didn't know James was going to be returning first of all. They kept saying, 'There's a big storyline coming up,' and I really didn't know what it was." So could Kathy's past with the villainous characters of the Square help her to get Gray sent to jail for the rest of his life? EastEnders continues Monday at 8pm on BBC One.