It has always been in Boris Johnson's DNA to "trust the people" to know best how to run their own lives. But in the last 20 months during the pandemic - and acting on scientific advice - he has felt the need to curb our freedoms in the best interests of the nation. Now, as the restrictions of Covid are lifted, and the PM begins to tour the country and pursue his levelling-up agenda, he will be in a position to reacquaint himself with those natural instincts that led him to believe the UK should free itself from the bureaucratic shackles of the EU. It was those instincts which gave him a thumping majority at the General Election. Now, finally, we hope he will be well placed to fulfil the mood of optimism and national pride that first swept him into office. -------- We British are a welcoming people but for years illegal migrants have been allowed to cheat their way into the country, costing taxpayers £5million a day. As Home Secretary Priti Patel exclusively tells the Express: "For too long our asylum system has been abused by people who have no right to be in the UK trying to game the system for their own benefit." In particular, she wants to clamp down on those who lie about their age in order to gain asylum. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Now, new powers under the Nationality and Borders Bill will allow the use of X-rays to determine a person's age, as is already the case in more than 25 countries, including France, Norway and Finland. We have witnessed shocking cases of adult asylum seekers posing as children and being placed with foster carers and given costly school places. This must stop. For the asylum system to work for the benefit of those who genuinely deserve support, loopholes must be closed and those who defraud the system should expect to be deported immediately. -------- Happy Valentine's Day. We just hope that our readers will take the advice of the NHS and discuss with loved ones the great gift that all of us can make by becoming organ donors. It's simple to register, which you need to do, but you should also let relatives know that you wish to help save others, and preferably put it writing too.