Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has explained his team selection for tonight's Champions League tie with Atletico Madrid. The Red Devils go into the game looking to build on recent victories over Brighton and Leeds. And they've made some big calls for the fixture in the Spanish capital. Manchester United have put a strong side out as they look to get their Champions League tie with Atletico Madrid off to a winning start. David De Gea starts in goal, with the Spain international returning to his old side for the first time 11 years after he departed. Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane have all been selected, along with Luke Shaw. In midfield, United have gone with Paul Pogba, Bruno Fernandes and Fred. And, up top, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho have been picked alongside Cristiano Ronaldo. Tom Heaton, Dean Henderson, Alex Telles, Eric Bailly, Diogo Dalot, Phil Jones, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Hannibal Mejbri, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Anthony Elanga all make the bench. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We decided to choose a line up and a formation in which we can always react to no matter what Atletico do," he said. “We can play with different formations it may change during the game. “And also have enough physicality and physical size for set-pieces.” On it being a special night for Ronaldo, Varane and De Gea he added: “Yes but it is also a special night for everybody. “We are in the knockout phase of the Champions League and we will do our very best to have a positive result. “Then in the next round we can win at Old Trafford.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Owen Hargreaves reacted to United’s team when speaking on BT Sport. He said: "I think maybe that’s why they’re going to go for it a little bit today - it’s an attacking team. “You normally see Fred and McTominay at the base of midfield. "It’s Pogba and Fernandes with Fred in there so it’s quite attacking. “Maybe they think this is the best option, to play quite attacking and go for it." Paul Scholes, meanwhile, feels United have squandered plenty of money in recent years. Big signings such as Romelu Lukaku, Alexis Sanchez, Memphis Depay and Angel Di Maria have all disappointed since moving in the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era. And Scholes, when asked when United can be classified as a top team again, said: "Until they start winning trophies again. “Look, as a club it’s the biggest club in the world I think and it needs to be winning trophies. "They spend a lot of money year in, year out, on players - we think the best players at times - but they haven’t produced. “We thought this year was going to be a little bit different.  "We had some really good young players but these young players everybody thinks are great players aren’t yet. “They aren’t great players until they’ve won something. “We keep talking about the potential to win something, the potential to prove it in big games - they haven’t done that yet and they got to prove they can do that." United last won the Champions League back in 2008. They lost in the final the following year, going down 2-0 to Barcelona in Rome with Samuel Eto’o and Lionel Messi both on target. And United were then defeated by the same opposition two years later, with Messi, Pedro and David Villa all notching. 