Homes Under The Hammer presenter Lucy Alexander, 51, has told fans she had to undergo a “tense” speed awareness course as “punishment” for speeding in a 30mph zone. She detailed the experience to her 54,000 Instagram followers, saying: “I’m just about to start a speed awareness course at home, look I've got all my props to put my phone on and my driver's license.” Lucy got herself set up in her dining room with a tower of biscuit tins to hold her phone up. The presenter exclaimed: “Two hours, it’s two hours! “I was going 40 in a 30, so yeah, this is my punishment. God! “Anyway, I’ll see you on the other side, wish me luck. I hope this doesn’t fall down and the dog doesn’t bark!” READ MORE:‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death However, things went from bad to worse and Lucy ended up having to complete the course in the freezing cold. Appearing in a big coat and woolly scarf, Lucy explained she “hates technology” because she had “sh**e WiFi”. After completing the course, she sighed: “And breathe. The reason I’ve got my coat on is because I couldn’t get any signal in the house. “For some reason the WiFi dropped out, so I had to go and sit in the garage where there is 4G in a certain corner. “So, I had to sit on a chair and prop my phone up with a table tennis racket, for two and a half hours.” Despite the less than ideal circumstances, Lucy admitted she was glad that she completed the course. She said: “I have to say, it has taught me a lot about driving fast. “If you are going four or five miles over the limit, you don’t get there any quicker and it is a huge risk to people’s lives. “It was worth doing...and now I can take this coat off and get on with the rest of my day.” DON'T MISS'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move away from BBC[LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice'[INSIGHT]Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle[NEWS] Lucy also took to Twitter to bemoan the experience. The BBC host fumed: “Speed awareness course completed, at home. “No WiFi, bad signal so sat in my garage using my 4G for two and a half hours. “Hmmm. Was tense.” (sic) Plenty of her followers got in touch to sympathise with the presenter. Carlos said: “This is the truth. Always problems with technology.” Whereas Bobby quipped: “Speed awareness, naughty Lucy.” And Jim added: “Could have been worse, if it was in Scotland you would have got points and a fine and your insurance would rake you too.”