Analysis from the group found drivers could save almost £5,000 on new vehicles by shopping smartly. Jeep dealers are offering the largest cash discount on their Renegade SUV model with a massive 15.9 percent saving. Meanwhile, Nissan’s popular Micra supermini is available at 13 percent off ahead of the new plate changes. The third highest savings were available on Peugeot's 508 Fastback where drivers can secure 12.5 percent off. The fully electric Nissan Leaf is also among the top 10 discounted models for those looking for a new EV. Some Nissan dealers were offering a nine percent discount, equating to a massive £2,500 saving. READ MORE: Number plate changes could see drivers delay orders Drivers can also target a massive £4,723 for a new BMW 5 Series if motorists move quickly. Manufacturers usually drop prices on some of their new models to make room for vehicles with new number plate designs. This means drivers who are not interested in getting the latest plate can get sublime deals. At the last plate change in September 2021, manufacturers were offering drivers up to £6,000 off new models. DON'T MISSDrivers delighted by new number plates with Union Jack [INSIGHT]Upcoming number plate changes may lead to spike in car scam attempts [ANALYSIS]New number plate rules are a ‘money making target’ [COMMENT] At the time Volkswagen offered the highest discount with 20 percent off their new Passat. Steve Huntingford, editor of WhatCar? Said manufacturers now have “less incentive” to discount their cars compared to previous years. However, he warned drivers should “prepare themselves” for long wait times even if they order ahead of the plate change. He said: “The semiconductor shortage means manufacturers have less incentive to discount new models ahead of the March plate change. “But as our research shows there’s still some fantastic offers available on new factory order vehicles. “With lead times exceeding several months in some instances, it’s important buyers prepare themselves for a longer than usual wait for their vehicles as the shortage is affecting nearly every manufacturer.” It comes days after new data from AutoExpress suggests drivers would consider delaying their order if they didn't arrive in time for the latest number plates. There are concerns delivery issues will lead to drivers getting cars well into the new plates lifecycle. Around one in five drivers said having the news plates had a strong national appeal, which could see motorists postpone to ensure they get the latest designs. Steve Fowler, Editor-in-Chief at Autovia said: "In principle, it seems that a very significant minority are prepared to defer their purchases if the car cannot be registered exactly when they want. "It remains to be seen whether a significant number of private buyers have held back orders for March.”