Since Wednesday the country has been hit by wind and rain from Dudley, Eunice and Franklin. England last night had two severe flood warnings, 134 warnings and 141 flood alerts. The two towns with "danger to life" alarms are both on the River Severn: Ironbridge in Shropshire, and Bewdley, Worcs. Several towns and villages were flooded or under threat of evacuation, while 32,000 homes were still without power since Storm Dudley. A passenger killed when debris smashed through a van windscreen at Switch Island on Merseyside was named as Stephen Matthews, 68. His family said the dad of two, from Aintree, "will be sadly missed by all". He was struck on Friday afternoon. The driver was unhurt. Forecasters expect fresh winds and rain this week, but gusts will not match Storm Eunice's 122mph. Residents of Ironbridge were being evacuated yesterday as fears grew the Severn would top barriers. Emergency crews were touring the Wharfage area. Telford and Wrekin Council called a "major incident" and West Mercia Police Chief Insp Mark Reilly said: "If you've been advised to evacuate, I urge you to." Storm Franklin brought gales and rain yesterday after Eunice cut power to 1.4 million homes at its peak. Energy minister Greg Hands visited Oldbury, Kent, as crews fought to restore power. Asked why it was taking days to reconnect all homes, he said: "There's been follow-up storms. We've had Storm Franklin, which has inhibited some of the relief effort." He expressed sympathy for affected families. Major rivers burst their banks in northern England. Homes and firms were swamped by the Wharfe in Tadcaster, North Yorks, while York braced for flooding from the Ouse. The Don overflowed at Sprotbrough, South Yorks, and Network Rail shared footage of water pouring in to Thackley Tunnel near Bradford. Roads in Matlock, Derbys, turned into waterways when the Derwent burst and councillor David Hughes said: "It was caused by surface water run-off from the hills." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The need for evacuations in Didsbury, Manchester, subsided after flood gates on the Mersey were opened. City council leader Bev Craig praised "the skilled management of the flood defences". Environment Agency staff said Yorkshire and the Midlands were most at risk of severe flooding, especially on the Severn, where levels were to peak at 23ft in Buildwas, Shropshire, less than two inches below 2000's record. Katharine Smith, flood duty manager, said: "We are urging people to remain vigilant and take extreme care. Heavy rain, affecting already wet areas, is likely to cause significant river flooding." Flood and wind damage will hit insurers with bills tipped to exceed £300million. The Don overflowed at Sprotbrough, South Yorks, and Network Rail shared footage of water pouring in to Thackley Tunnel near Bradford. Roads in Matlock, Derbys, turned into waterways when the Derwent burst and councillor David Hughes said: "It was caused by surface water run-off from the hills." Major disruption hit Manchester Airport as jets unable to land safely diverted to Heathrow, Stansted, Birmingham, East Midlands, Newcastle or Dublin airports. Northern rail routes suffered and British Transport Police South Yorkshire said: "Rotherham station resembles the canals of Venice!" The Don overflowed at Sprotbrough, South Yorks, and Network Rail shared footage of water pouring in to Thackley Tunnel near Bradford. Roads in Matlock, Derbys, turned into waterways when the Derwent burst and councillor David Hughes said: "It was caused by surface water run-off from the hills." The Met Office said conditions will be unsettled for days with high winds tomorrow and Thursday. Heavy rain and strong winds in the North today should ease as they move south-east but gusts will return tomorrow until Friday, with rain shifting south-east. Thursday is set to be the coldest day. Friday is brighter with some sun and lighter wind before another windy spell, especially in the North, next weekend. The Met Office's Andy Page said: "A strong jet stream is driving weather systems across the Atlantic with a succession of weather fronts moving into the UK."