Pep Guardiola has reportedly told Manchester City that they should go all out in their efforts to sign Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland this summer. Haaland is set to be one of the most in demand players on the market at the end of the season and City are ready to push the boat out to sign him.     Haaland has an outstanding record at Dortmund, where he has 80 goals and 21 assists in just 79 appearances since arriving from RB Salzburg for a fee of around £17million (€20m) in January 2020. The 21-year-old striker is widely expected to leave the German club this summer, due to a clause in his contract which means Dortmund would be forced to entertain offers. The exact size of the Norwegian’s exit clause is unclear, but is understood to be in the region of £63m (€75m) and £84m (€100m). That would be considered a bargain to Europe’s major clubs, with Real Madrid, Manchester City, Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Manchester United all linked with him. JUST IN: Azpilicueta warns Chelsea over losing Kante as contract issues emerge  A fresh report from BILD says that City have moved to the front of the queue, because they can ‘easily’ afford the financial aspects of the deal and can give Haaland a ‘title guarantee’. The German newspaper says the money involved is Haaland’s £29m (€35m) a year wage demands and his release clause, which they say is £63m (€75m). Man City are understood to have changed their focus from Harry Kane to Haaland following the difficulties in signing the Tottenham captain last summer. DON'T MISS Barcelona ‘eyeing Chelsea misfit’ as Xavi waits on Azpilicueta verdict Arsenal 'offered chance to sign Joao Felix' this summer Christensen contract talks are ‘dead’ with Chelsea star set for exit  Guardiola wants a centre-forward after the departures of Sergio Aguero and Ferran Torres over the past year and Haaland fits the bill. They could have another advantage in the chase, with The Mirror recently reporting that Haaland’s father Alf-Inge is playing an increasingly influential role in brokering the Dortmund striker’s next move. Alf-Inge played for Manchester City in his career and, alongside super agent Mino Raiola, will play a key role in shaping Haaland’s move in the summer.  The Sun says that Dortmund have not yet given up on trying to persuade their star striker to stay, but they expect his decision to be made by early April. “It will certainly be resolved in the next few weeks, maybe a month, maybe six weeks,” Dortmund chief executive Hans Joachim Watzke said. “If he decides to leave, we will deal with it the way we always have. “We have lost a few goal scorers in the past like Robert Lewandowski and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and we will find someone new again.” 