Uncharted has just premiered to the tune of a massive $106.4 million at the global box office. It comes immediately after Tom Holland’s other blockbuster hit, Spider-Man: No Way Home took a staggering $1.8 billion, rivalling the biggest films of the pre-pandemic era. There is clearly a lot of love for the young star and Sony is set to give him another sequel for the beloved character of Nathan Drake. The company’s CEO just released a statement that all but confirmed the next chapter in the PlayStation series' new film saga. Holland has had a great 2022 so far, as he starred in the year’s two biggest movies. Attention has turned to Uncharted’s sequel over the weekend as the movie shared a few nail-biting cliffhangers. Fans of the video game franchise it’s based on won’t be surprised though, as PlayStation has enjoyed the success of six instalments. Kicking off with Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune in 2007, the series consists of Among Thieves, Drake’s Deception and A Thief’s End. There is also two spin-off’s The Lost Legacy and Golden Abyss. Clearly, there is plenty of material to work with and a lot of love for protagonist Nathan Drake alongside his partner-in-crime Victor ‘Sully’ Sullivan, played by Mark Wahlberg in the movie. Now, Sony CEO, Tom Rotham, sent out a company-wide email on Monday (February 21) to celebrate the film’s enormous success. READ MORE: John Deacon spotted: Look at Queen legend now Rotham wrote: “Dear Colleagues, It is Presidents Day in America, but we are open in most places around the world today and we have another global triumph to celebrate. With over $100M in box office worldwide in just one weekend, and a 90% positive audience score on Rotten Tomatoes, Uncharted is a new hit movie franchise for the company." He added: "This marks a great victory for every single division of the company, as the film was our first major production entirely shut down by the advent of Covid, yet we persevered to complete a picture the audience loves and marketed and distributed it with strategic verve worldwide, despite the pandemic. The ensuing impact is proof once again of the unmatched cultural power of real movies. On the heels of Venom: Let There Be Carnage, Ghostbusters: Afterlife, and Spider-Man: No Way Home, Uncharted is yet another blow to the theatrical naysayers and further proof of the efficacy of our model. I want to thank all of the filmmakers, the wonderful cast and crew, and especially our friends at PlayStation Studios and Sony Interactive Entertainment for their support. And of course, I want to thank each and every one of you for your creativity, dedication and belief. Excelsior! Tom" (via Deadline) The film was made on a budget of $120 million, all but guaranteeing it will break even and take home a healthy profit in the coming weeks. Sony has rejected the moves other studios have been making by resisting the temptation to dump their projects on streaming platforms. Instead, much like the aforementioned Venom: Let There Be Carnage and Ghostbusters: Afterlife, their movies have been receiving wide, global, cinema premieres. There is no official release date for Uncharted 2, with full confirmation on the project yet to be confirmed. As for where the sequel could go, there are plenty of options, especially now that all the origin story groundwork has been laid out. Warning: The rest of this story contains major spoilers for Uncharted. DON'T MISS...Furious Magnificent Seven stars 'never forgave' Steve McQueen [INSIGHT]Elvis Presley married Priscilla then confessed love to Ann-Margret [EXPLAINER]Uncharted end credits scene teases Tom Holland Nathan Drake sequel [INSIGHT] Two scenes play during the credits, the first scene occurs shortly after the credits first start rolling. It reveals a prison with the camera rushing through some dark and dingy corridors before focusing on one inmate. That prisoner is writing something down before their identity is revealed. It is none other than Sam, the long-lost brother of Nate. He was assumed dead by the fortune hunter and is seen scribbling down a warning message to his sibling. The second scene comes right at the end of the movie, just as the credits finish rolling. It shows the tomb raider sitting on a table in a bar with a man named Gage. He claims to work for someone named Roman and is looking to trade a “Nazi map” for Drake’s signature necklace. It isn’t long before Nathan is double-crossed and is held at gunpoint. At this moment Sully busts through the door in his more iconic attire. Now sporting his famous moustache and Hawaiian shirt, he and his partner run out of the bar before being confronted by another unseen person. In Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune, the primary antagonist is Gabriel Roman, a ruthless treasure hunter with a near-limitless supply of goons to get in Drake’s way. The game sees Nate go head-to-head with Roman in the search for the Lost City of Gold or El Dorado. It’s an adventure that takes them to a long-lost tropical island as they discover Nazi bases and supernatural enemies. It is this quest that sees Drake encounter the love of his life, Elena Fisher. She was absent from the new movie and will more than likely be present in a future sequel. A documentary filmmaker, she finds herself caught up in a dangerous mission that sees the pair overcome the odds to survive. Uncharted is in cinemas now. 