Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici is set to make the most of his contacts once again by attempting to land Juventus striker Paulo Dybala this summer. Spurs have apparently made the striker a firm offer and he will be free to quit the Old Lady at the end of the season when his contract expires. Paratici spent 11 years at Juventus, with his time in Turin coinciding with mouthwatering domestic success. Juve won an incredible nine Serie A titles and five Coppa Italias while the 49-year-old was sporting director. But the former midfielder left the club last summer to move to north London. Paratici raided his former club last month as he negotiated the loan signing of Dejan Kulusevski and the permanent signing of Rodrigo Bentancur. Kulusevski made his second start for the Lilywhites at the weekend and came up with a crucial goal and assist as Spurs stunned Manchester City 3-2 at the Etihad Stadium. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley  Bentancur, meanwhile, was also handed his second start by manager Antonio Conte against the Citizens and impressed as he helped to break up City’s attacking play. Paratici clearly has excellent knowledge of the players plying their trade with his former club - and the Italian is keen to thrash out a deal for Dybala. According to Spanish publication Sport, Spurs have already spoken to the forward. And the Premier League club’s offer is the strongest one the 28-year-old has on the table. But the north Londoners will face competition for the ace, with Barcelona and Inter Milan also said to be circling. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)     Barca are in a desperate financial situation after being hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic and are targeting players who are out of contract. But the Catalan giants don’t see Dybala as a priority at this stage after initially showing interest in him three years ago. So if Spurs can thrash out a better deal than Inter, they could land their man ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. And they would be getting a player who is still very much in his prime. Dybala arrived at the Allianz Stadium in 2015 after Juventus signed him from Palermo.   And the Argentina international has gone on to score 112 goals in 281 games for the club. He has continued to feature heavily this season and has found the back of the net 12 times in all competitions. So Spurs could be getting a top striker if Paratici can work his magic once again.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here