The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are planning to travel to Belize, the Bahamas and Jamaica in March for their first overseas royal tour in two years. Their appearance to the Caribbean nation hopes to “strengthen” ties between the British monarchy and the Commonwealth after Barbados opted to become a republic last year. According to local reports, a deportation flight had been pushed back until after the trip, which is scheduled for next month. The flight to Jamaica was reportedly set to take place soon, with previous flights taking place each February, but was said to have been postponed. But the claims were rubbished by the Home Office who said it was “misinformation”. A spokesperson for the Home Office noted that “removal flights do not operate on a fixed pattern” and that reports to suggest otherwise are “misleading”. A Home Office spokesperson said: “The claims in the article are incorrect and it is disappointing to see this kind of misinformation reported without evidence or contacting the Home Office. “We do not comment on operational matters, but removal flights do not operate on a fixed pattern and to suggest otherwise is misleading. “Our New Plan for Immigration is committed to welcoming those in genuine need while remaining firm on those who seek to abuse the system.” Deportation charter flights to Jamaica restarted in February 2019 after a two-year hiatus. READ MORE: Kate's 'broody' confession sparks hopes over new royal baby Karen Doyle, a campaigner and organiser at Movement for Justice, claimed the absence of a deportation flight was “unusual” at this time of year. She said: “This is the first time since they [the Home Office] restarted the flights in 2019 that they haven't done the January, February flight. “It is unusual and that's why people…the families are trying to look for a reason for it.” Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, are visiting Jamaica as part of a 12-day Caribbean tour in March to mark the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II, 95. DON'T MISS Kate Middleton shows 'outdoorsy sporty style' on day two in Denmark [PICTURES] William and Kate to clash in battle for pride [REVEAL] Why Princess Charlotte could be the eighth royal ever to receive title [INSIGHT] A focus of the Cambridges’ royal tour is to promote environmental issues, a topic which William, in particular, has been outspoken on. During the visit, Kate and William are expected to spend four days in Belize in Central America, which has been a Commonwealth member since 1981. While during their visit to the Bahamas the pair are expected to pay a visit to Coral Vita, a social enterprise with a focus on reef restoration. The site was one of the initiatives awarded a £1million Earthshot prize last year. The Earthshot Prize is the scheme launched by the Duke of Cambridge which awards five prizes annually for their contributions in fighting climate change. It is also understood that the move is in line with the Queen’s plans to prevent other countries still in the “Commonwealth Realms” from making the move towards republicanism. Barbados became independent in November last year after almost 400 years of British rule. Despite the move, Barbados chose to remain a member of the Commonwealth, which already includes several republics. William and Kate’s royal tour will echo the last official royal trip to the Caribbean, when Prince Harry travelled there in March 2012 to mark the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee. He spent four days also visiting Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas.