Further sources boast the situation is '100 percent under control' as Russian forces advance on the capital, Kyiv. With the invasion of Ukraine entering its third day, Russian military assets appear to have struck multiple targets and cities around Ukraine, leading to Ukrainian civilians taking up arms in order to defend their country.  Taking to Twitter to reassure citizens, a Ukrainian TV channel wrote: “Adviser to the Head of the Presidential Office Podoliak: "The situation in Kyiv and Ukraine is 100% under control. “Local fighting continues; the Ukrainian army is defending itself" Speaking of the toll on Russian soldiers, a Ukrainian Journalist Tweeted: “As of this morning, we have almost 200 captured Russian servicemen. “About 3.5 thousand people will return to Russia in their graves. Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Russia humiliated as army driven out of city  However, there are conflicting reports as to the actual number of casualties.According to Ukraine’s defence ministry, the number may be lower. The ministry said on Friday more than 1,000 Russian servicemen had been killed so far in the Ukrainian conflict. It said: "Russia has not suffered so many casualties during the fighting in any of its armed conflicts since its inception.” Ukraine’s military on Thursday said it had destroyed four Russian tanks on a road near Kharkiv, killed 50 troops near a town in the Luhansk region and downed six Russian warplanes elsewhere in the east. Ukraine also said a military plane with 14 people on board crashed south of Kyiv with officials still determining how many people died, while a transport plane crashed in Russia killing the crew. READ MORE: Defiant Ukrainian plays national anthem in eerie video As of yesterday, 137 Ukrainians were declared to have lost their lives with many hundreds injured. However, this figure is likely to have risen significantly as the military operation intensifies. Reports from the United Nations suggest 50,000 Ukrainians have now left the country, with the vast majority heading to Poland. Adding to Mr Putin’s humiliation is the ongoing anti-war protests being seen across Russia, and in particular in Moscow. Police have reacted with a strong response in Moscow, swiftly removing them from the streets.  DON'T MISS:Putin's worst nightmare begins as 'significant' NATO [INSIGHT]'Putin is in TROUBLE!' Russia war is 'not going well' [COMMENT]Putin faces military humiliation –support dwindling [REPORT] The daughter of Kremlin spokesman, Dmitri Peskov has also caused a stir. With over 180, 000 followers on social media, Elizaveta Peskova wrote: “No to War” on her account, but saw the post quickly deleted soon after. The incident is likely to be deeply embarrassing to Mr Peskov and Mr Putin's wider circle. Aside from the President himself, Mr Peskov is among the most high-ranking and visible people in the Russian President's orbit, and robustly defended Thursday's decision to invade Ukraine. International reaction to the conflict has been strong. The US, EU and other western allies have imposed severe economic sanctions on Russia.  US President Joe Biden has also imposed punitive measures directly on Mr Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. The men's assets in the US, EU, UK and Canada will be frozen and, in the case of the US, a travel ban imposed. It is unclear how significant the assets of Mr Putin and Mr Lavrov are in the US, EU, UK and Canada, and what practical impact the sanctions will have. Russia said they showed the West's "absolute impotence" on foreign policy. Russia later vetoed a draft UN resolution to condemn the invasion of Ukraine after a debate at the UN Security Council. Russia would try to "storm" Kyiv on Friday night. In a video statement, Mr Zelenskyy said "this night will be hard, very hard, but morning will come. "This night the enemy will be using all available means to break our resistance. This night they will launch an assault. "This night we must persevere. The fate of Ukraine is being decided right now." He added: "Our main goal is to finish this bloodbath." 