Former Liverpool left-back Stephen Warnock was left a little red-faced on Match of the Day 2 on Sunday following an unfortunate slip of the tongue. Working as a pundit on the show, Warnock appeared to claim Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought "Gangnam Style football" to the Premier League when he arrived at Anfield. Klopp became Liverpool boss in 2015, replacing the sacked Brendan Rodgers. Sunday's Carabao Cup final win over Chelsea was his first domestic cup success as Reds boss. That victory added to Champions League and Premier League triumphs earlier in his tenure. Klopp has adapted his style of play since arriving in England. JUST IN: Arsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in Carabao Cup final  Liverpool still show signs of the 'Gegenpress' but not perhaps at the intensity it was before. Warnock was discussing the sacking of Marcelo Bielsa by Leeds on Sunday, claiming the Argentine should have changed his style like Klopp has. But the pundit, who won two caps for England, got in a muddle with his words. He instead claimed that Klopp used to play "Gangnam Style", confusing it with the worldwide-known K-pop dance classic released by PSY in 2012. DON'T MISSMan Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba [REPORT]Jesse Marsch's honest RB Leipzig admission will worry Leeds amid relegation dogfight [QUOTES]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION]  Warnock said: "When Jurgen Klopp came into the Premier League, they played Gangnam Style football, Gangnam press, it was heavy metal and everyone said 'you won't win the Premier League doing that'. "He changed the style, changed the system, adapted it." Presenter Mark Chapman and fellow pundit Leon Osman did not pick up on Warnock's mistake, though Osman looked unsure about the comment when the camera cut to him. Many picked up on the error on social media.  "Stephen Warnock calling gegenpress, 'Gangnam Press' on #MOTD2 has made my weekend," one viewer wrote. "Did Stephen Warnock just confuse Gegenpress with Gangnam Style?" wrote another. Meanwhile, Liverpool overcame Chelsea on penalties following a 0-0 draw after extra-time to win their first piece of silverware this season. The Reds are still competing on all fronts and Warnock knows what the importance of Sunday's win could mean.  He said: "I think it's important to win trophies. I think it's important to get that winning mentality. "You look at Manchester City over the last five years and what they've done in the competition, it's a springboard for the rest of the season. "We know what's happening in the league at the moment. It could be hugely important."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here