For two years we have been drenched with assurances, supposedly backed by “modelling science” that covid was a pandemic so vicious, so virulent, that it could wipe us all out unless we did what we were told. What we were told was to become a nation of obedient servants. I have never seen the once-feisty, freedom-loving, independence insisting British people reduced in this way, not even during the Second World War, despite bombs, casualites and rationing. Then, at least, we fought back. But for the past six months, and in growing volume, research revelations have proved we were repeatedly and comprehensively misled. The latest scholars are from the USA, Sweden and Denmark but are none the less believable. They reveal all the misery of lockdown probably saved not a single life from covid. That is staggering. All that pain and anguish; all those elderly forbidden to play with their grandchildren; all those leaving this life uncomforted by their loved ones; all for nothing. The researchers say normal people, if they had it explained to them that certain precautions would keep them pretty safe, would have done the sensible thing of their own accord. Our Government could have done just that. Instead it went down the East German road as during the Cold War. Total surveillance by state agencies, informants encouraged to sneak on neighbours, a sort of Stasi in the form of Covid marshals, fines on the spot for rule-breakers. As a foreign correspondent in east Berlin in 1964 I remember it well. It was little worse than what happened here under our elected Government. Prof Steve Hanks of America’s John Hopkins University, writes: “Lockdowns in Europe decreased covid mortality by 0.2 percent (two per thousand) on average while the economic costs of lockdowns were enormous.’ This merely hints at the role lockdowns played in our economic ruination and the scientists have hardly started on the death toll caused by neglect as every other cause of fatality was ignored and still is. So why did our Government choose to inflict this unnecessary pain and destruction on us all? Simple. From the outset, Boris Johnson and co swallowed hook line and sinker the "models" of co-called Sage scientists rebuffing all those, just as qualified or more so, who advised the reverse. But there is a mood out there and it will not go away. Millions of voters, all parties, who now know they were conned and had misery inflicted on them without cause are ceasing to believe the codswallop. The phrase was coined during the Brexit campaign but now applies in a quite different sense and against a different target. We Want Our Country Back ‑ and we are going to have it. So, busy-bee Emmanuel Macron pops over to Moscow to confer with Vladimir Putin. One question by email would have done the trick. Are you going to invade Ukraine or not? Judging by the length of the table between them, an interpreter might not have been necessary... but a loudhailer would have been useful. There is much talk of the serried ranks of Russian tanks and soldiery massed on Ukraine’s eastern and northern borders, but little media space devoted to Russia's Achilles heel ‑ its economy. Compared with her land size it is tiny ‑ not much bigger than Spain’s with three times the population. And it is massively dependent on oil/gas sales. If Western Europe could get off its backside and provide its own energy at affordable prices ‑ which it could with a bit of nous – Moscow would totter towards bankruptcy. And beggar nations cannot make war. Add to that Russia's other weakness. A corrupt government is largely sustained by the criminal underworld with which it is in partnership. Meanwhile, an army of billionaire oligarchs live in luxury in the West, allegedly sheltering the trillions of stolen roubles that have been stashed over here. Threaten these parasites and crooks, and their message to Moscow would be short and terse ‑ back off or we dump you. That alone is worth a million infantry and an army of tanks. We have weapons in this stand-off we have not begun to use. Should you care to pop into my local hospital ‑ perhaps to be cured but more likely to end it all ‑ you will be assailed by notices urging you to improve your diet to have a healthy life. Cut out carbs, fats, sugar and oil-soaked pastas. Then turn to the vending machine in the hall ‑ where every single one of its contents breaks every rule on the surrounding placards. I wonder where the philosophy of preaching one thing and doing the reverse comes from? I must ring Downing Street and ask. And still on hospitals. We all remember the brilliance of the Army engineers and medicos in converting old, abandoned halls into emergency Covid centres called Nightingale hubs. There is one at the Royal Preston hospital which cost £10million. It has treated just seven people. It’s much the same right across the country. That works out at about £1.5million per person. I wish someone would spend that on me and the CO. It was many years ago that Harold Macmillan coined the phrase that a “wind of change is blowing through” Africa. Well, another one is puffing away and it’s a lot closer to home ‑ Downing street actually. Is what we have seen so far the end of the mini-gale or just the first few gusts? It’s hard to resist the analogy with the rodent inhabitants of the innards of the ship deciding to head for the gang plank. I have always thought it unfair to penalise the citizens of the steerage corridors for heading for safety to save themselves ‑ after all, it wasn’t them on the bridge when some ass drove the vessel onto the rocks. And the Westminster wind is not limited to our Government. Following the embarrassment of our Ashes defeats against Australia, director of cricket Ashley Giles called for a taxi and 24 hours later head coach Chris Silverwood did the same. Silverwood had been in charge for two years as England won just one of their last 14 tests. That is the sort of record normally associated with a mandarin from the Civil service or one of the bosses of the NHS, or even a Covid predictor from sage. At last our bumbling Government is going to do something about the pending energy crisis, looming larger and larger on the horizon. Six new North Sea oil and gas fields will be exploited to provide energy which we actually own rather than import. This despite squeaks from luvvies who clearly prefer national bankruptcy in efforts to achieve the mythical “Net-Zero” by 2050. But the impetus seems to be coming from No11 Downing Street, not No10. So well done, Chancellor Rishi Sunak. As we are told the number of sufferers on the NHS’s deferred/test-and-operate list is now touching six million, it looks more and more as if my private prediction may be moving towards revelation. This is that the number of those dying of neglect in the last two years, as everything was subordinated to Covid, may have exceeded the total proven pandemic fatalities. Should that grisly figure ever be confirmed, the humiliation of our incompetent authorities will be complete. If there was anything these clowns could get wrong, they got it wrong. Only in modern Britain is such monstrous failure so richly rewarded. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea