It is thought that Russia has now amassed over 190,000 troops on the Ukraine border and fears of invasions are further increasing after Putin ordered troops into eastern Ukraine to perform what have been described as ‘peacekeeping’ tasks. This move breaks the Minsk agreement that was signed in 2015.  In a televised speech on Monday, President Putin announced his recognition of two separatist areas of Ukraine. The President said: “I’ve made this long since overdue decision, immediately to recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic.” These two break-away regions of Ukraine are pro-Moscow and Boris Johnson noted that Putin’s manoeuvring of troops into these areas is a “very dark sign”. Meanwhile, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss stated on Twitter that the United Kingdom will announce new sanctions on Russia on Tuesday following the actions of Putin.  “Tomorrow we will be announcing new sanctions on Russia in response to their breach of international law and attack on Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity,” the UK Foreign Secretary stated. A spokesperson for German Chancellor Olaf Scholz vowed on Monday that this recognition of these Ukrainian regions as independent “will not go unanswered”. The spokesperson added a statement on behalf of Scholz, President Emmanuel Macron and US President Joe Biden stating: “All three parties agreed that this unilateral move by Russia is a clear breach of the Minsk Agreement. Germany, France, and the US sharply condemn the Russian President’s decision. This move will not go unanswered.” Dmytro Kuleba, Ukraine’s Foreign Minister tweeted late on Monday night. READ MORE:Russia-Ukraine LIVE: Putin orders troops into usurped regions The Tweet read: “Ukraine has requested an urgent meeting of the United Nations Security Council due to Russia’s illegal actions. We have already sent the request to the Council.” President Biden conducted a phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to reiterate the pledge of the United States to Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. According to a readout of Biden’s phone call with Ukraine, the US President “strongly condemned Russian President Putin’s decision to purportedly recognize the ‘independence’ of the so-called DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine”. Biden gave the Ukrainian President a thorough update of the American response to Russia including plans “to issue sanctions”. DON'T MISS:‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death (REACTION)UK should ‘stay the hell out' of Russia-Ukraine conflict — poll result (POLL)The staggering value of Sophie Wessex's 'romantic' engagement ring (REVEAL)  The statement read: “President Biden reiterated that the United States would respond swiftly and decisively, in lock-step with its Allies and partners, to further Russian aggression against Ukraine.” President of the EU Commission, Ursula von der Leyen also tweeted: “The recognition of the two separatist territories in Ukraine is a blatant violation of international law, the territorial integrity of Ukraine and the Minsk agreements. “The EU and its partners will react with unity, firmness and with determination in solidarity with Ukraine.” 