Russian tennis star Daniil Medvedev has spoken out on his country's war with Ukraine, on a rollercoaster day which also saw him top the men's world rankings for the first time. Having toppled Yoshihito Nishioka at the Mexican Open on Thursday 6-2 6-3, Medvedev set up a bumper semi-final clash with Rafael Nadal. Russian President Vladimir Putin has drawn widespread condemnation for launching a military assault on neighbouring Ukraine. Putin's Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Zelensky, claims that 137 soldiers and civilians died on Thursday. Explosions continue to be heard in the country's capital, Kyiv, as a result of Russia's supposed 'peacekeeping mission'. Numerous sports stars, both Ukrainian and Russian, have spoken out on the invasion, and Medvedev was the latest to do during his tournament campaign in Mexico. READ MORE: John McEnroe names pick of the bunch to succeed Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal  "By being a tennis player I want to promote peace all over the world," he said after reaching the semi-finals of the Mexican Open. "We play in so many different countries. I've been in so many different countries as a junior and as a pro. "It's just not easy to hear all this news. I'm all for peace." Medvedev also reacted to the doubles partnership between Russian Andrey Rublev and Ukrainian Denys Molchanov, who won the Men's Doubles title at Marseille's Open 13 last week.    "This was amazing because I think people need to stay together and that's the most important [thing]," he added. "In this moment, you understand that tennis sometimes is not that important. "It was definitely not easy to play and I am happy that I managed to win the match. That was a little bit of a rollercoaster today."  After Novak Djokovic was knocked out of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships by Jiri Vesely, Medvedev became world No 1 for the first time in his career. The 26-year-old also broke an 18-year streak which saw only Djokovic, Nadal, Roger Federer and Andy Murray share the No 1 spot. Beating Nishioka gives Medvedev the daunting task of a semi-final match-up with reigning Australian Open champion Nadal. Last time they met was in their blockbuster Melbourne final, when the Spaniard rallied back from two sets down to win his 21st Grand Slam title, preventing Medevdev from winning his second in the process. The two stars will take to the court in Mexico in the early hours of Saturday morning [GMT].