In Scotland, unpaid carers are able to claim an additional payment outside of Carer’s Allowance if they are of a certain age. The Young Carer Grant is readily available for those between the ages of 16 and 17 who look after someone for at least 16 hours a week. Caring responsibilities which make up this 16 hours can include cooking, cleaning and other day-to-day tasks. Eligible young people can apply if they are at school, in further education, employed or unemployed. As a benefit payment, the Young Carer Grant is worth £308.15 annually and claimants can apply every year. Unlike Carer’s Allowance, the money from the payment does not need to be spent on caring responsibilities and can be used to pay for extracurricular activities. Some 4,500 payments of the Young Carer Grant have been awarded to unpaid carers since the payment’s launch back in 2019, according to the Scottish Government. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  Overall, around £1.4million in the benefit payment has been given to claimants since the benefit’s launch. The highest number of applications came from the Glasgow City local authority, which made up 15 percent of all applications received by the end of October 2021. Following this authority, the next highest areas came from North Lanarkshire, Fife and South Lanarkshire. Unpaid carers are able to apply by visiting mygov.scot or by calling for free on 0800 182 2222. DON'T MISS   Ruth Williams, 16, is a young carer from Scotland who has benefited from the support provided by the Young Carer Grant. Ms Williams said: “I am currently in my sixth year of high school and this year I am doing Modern Studies, Business and an Open University course about Law making in Scotland with the hopes of next year going to university to study law.” “I care for my dad who is in a wheelchair. I spent some of my first Young Carer Grant payment on a couple of plants for my room and some new books as this is how I like to spend my downtime.” “I found the grant very easy to apply for, with everything being made very clear and accessible to me”. Paul Traynor, the head of External Affairs at Carers Trust Scotland, added: “Carers Trust Scotland continues to support the innovative Young Carer Grant, which goes some way to recognising the immense contribution of unpaid young carers in Scotland.” “Two years since Young Carer Grant launched and we are delighted that many young carers have benefited from this support already and we encourage all young carers aged 16-18 to apply. “It is vital that young carers are provided with appropriate support so that they are able to live their own life alongside caring and have a fair chance to reach their full potential in all aspects of their lives. “Young Carer Grant provides financial support which can make a positive difference to young carers’ lives and helps to break down financial barriers that they may experience in pursuing their aspirations, such as taking part in leisure, education and socialising.” Ben Macpherson, the Scottish Government’s minister for Social Security, said: “Young Carers play a vital role in our society and, as we mark the 2nd birthday of the Young Carer Grant, it’s important for us all to recognise their significant caring responsibilities and their remarkable dedication to helping others.” “Unfortunately, opportunities that typically occur during young carers’ lives, such as getting their first job or starting college or university, can often be limited by their caring role. “That is why we used our social security powers to introduce the Young Carer Grant, which is a small part of our wider support and one way in which we aim to give back to these young people who so selflessly care for their loved ones.” Further information about the Young Carer Grant can be found on the Social Security Scotland website.