Manchester United have reportedly decided they would prefer to keep Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial this summer, despite significant question marks surrounding their futures at the club. The attacking duo have both flattered to deceive this season despite enduring mixed fortunes in regards to game time. Ronaldo has remained a regular under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick but his form has created doubts as to whether United are worse off with him in the side. The Portuguese icon, who originally left Old Trafford in 2009 for Real Madrid, was considered to be the final piece of the puzzle after United landed Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho. But after just nine Premier League goals this season in 23 outings, there are already some calls from supporters for the club to sign a new striker. However, The Daily Mail are now reporting that United would ideally like to keep both Ronaldo and Martial for the new season. The club are still working hard to bring in a new manager, who is likely to have any final say over either player. Martial made it clear to Rangnick that he wanted to leave (on loan) in January in search of regular football. He has since rekindled his love for the game on loan at Sevilla, where he has played both out wide and through the middle as a striker. The Frenchman has since picked up an injury after netting his first Sevilla goal in the Europa League win over Dinamo Zagreb. DON'T MISSMan United can swerve Mauricio Pochettino with strategic left-field appointmentMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesMan Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two surprise Ralf Rangnick favourites Unless Martial is offered the chance to play regularly at United, he still seems likely to push for a new challenge at the end of the season. Sevilla's loan agreement does not include an option to buy, meaning they would have to negotiate a deal with United in order to strike a deal. Other clubs are believed to be interested in the forward, who fell down the pecking order following the arrival of Ronaldo and Sancho. The emergence of Anthony Elanga could also impact Martial's future, further down the line. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As for the seasoned 37-year-old, there has been talk that Ronaldo himself, could seek to leave Old Trafford. His current United deal is due to expire in the summer of 2023, while United do have the option the extend his contract for an extra year. Edinson Cavani will be heading for the exit door in June though meaning the Uruguayan will need to be replaced. Marcus Rashford is also facing an uncertain future at the club due to the concerning nature of his form.