Tyson Fury, 33, has spoken out about his rule about not advertising any product which could have negative effects on people’s mental health. The boxing star explained that he had no particular interest in the “business side” of his new product, and is more interested in the delivery of a good product to Express.co.uk and other media. Speaking about issues related to selecting a product to advertise during a press conference for his new energy drink brand, Furocity, Tyson said that he didn’t want to promote anything that had a negative effect on others. He said that the business side of things was “unimportant” to him when compared to giving a good product. The athlete said: “I’m not really concentrating on the business side of stuff at all. “It’s very unimportant. What is important to me is delivering a good product. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years “If that (Furocity) was a load of s**t, I’m not your man to tell you it’s good, I’ll tell you that now. “I’d never do that, not for any amount of money. “I think people, all of you that know me, know it’s the truth. “On the way down here, I had a phone call from a betting app for millions of dollars, and I said no. I’m not interested. “I don’t advertise gambling, I don’t advertise alcohol, and I don’t advertise drugs." The star explained that these three things could lead people to have mental health struggles. He continued: “For me to get a few extra quid in the bank, at the cost of putting someone into a mental health struggle? No thank you.” Tyson confirmed that he doesn’t get involved with “just anything” just because it’s paying. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] He explained that he’s turned down “millions of dollars” from many things. On the list of projects he’s turned down include “gambling apps” and “CBD oils.” “I just won’t do it,” the heavyweight world champion said. “It  just doesn’t mean that much to me.” Tyson finished by saying that: “A few more zeros on my bank balance ain’t gonna change my life, that’s for sure. “I’ll only get involved with something that I feel is a good product or doesn’t harm anyone. On the 11th of February, Heavyweight Boxing Champion of the World, Tyson Fury, issued a direct challenge to the energy drink industry’s big hitters, branding them ‘a bunch of dossers’ as he launched his own brand new range, Furocity by Tyson Fury, at an event in London. The brand new range of energy drinks from Tyson Fury, are available at selected retailers and on the Tyson Fury 'The Gypsy King' Official Merchandise store. The energy drinks contain less than half (4.3g per 100ml) the sugar of both Red Bull (11g per 100ml) and Monster (11g per 100ml) and are below the Government’s sugar tax threshold as well as HFSS compliant . They come in Original, Black & Blue Raspberry, Sour Cherry Knockout and Sour Apple Punch (£1.50 each) flavours.