Royal commentator Jennie Bond said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge know their children are in "safe hands" with Norland nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo. Ms Bond made the comments as Kate and William took eight-year-old Prince George to watch England's Six Nations match against Wales at Twickenham Stadium on Saturday, while Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three, stayed at home. The royal expert told OK! magazine that the Cambridges would have left Charlotte and Louis with Maria or Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton. Ms Bond said: "They, of course, have this very faithful, loyal nanny that they've had for years and so I think they know the children are always in safe hands. "But the Middletons are very, very close as well to them, so I'm sure they step in and do the babysitting from time to time. "They've got a great set up, William and Catherine, it's a very, very stable domestic set up with the nanny who's been in place for such a long time. "And with the Middletons there, I think that's really important for the children. "And I think that that's what William and Catherine both feel." READ MORE: The key sign Prince William is preparing for new royal title George joined his parents at the rugby on Saturday where William and Kate were in direct competition. The Duchess recently became patron of the Rugby Football Union (RFU), while the Duke is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU). George sat in between his mother and father at the game as they both pointed things out to him. Kate was no doubt pleased with the final score - 23-19 in England's favour. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle sparks frenzy as she collaborates with new op-ed [INSIGHT]The royal who dropped from second in line to throne to 17th [ANALYSIS]‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life [VIDEO] "It's a big game," William said, keeping a protective arm on George's shoulders as he encouraged the young royal to "shake hands". William said: "We're excited. It's just so good to be back, it's been quite weird watching games, and football, without the fans." Asked if he would be supporting Kate or William's team, George shrugged his shoulders and smiled at the Duke, who laughed: "It's become quite the thing in the house." Pointing to Kate, William added: "She is quite into it, I'm trying to stay out of it." Kate then asked George to tell the group about how he has started playing rugby at his school. She said: "He has all the kit." George spoke about how he has just started learning how to tackle, before turning to his mother: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" Kate laughed and replied: "Yes you have!"