France 24 English's Solane Mougin reported new satellite images of more than 100 Russian military vehicles in Ukraine's Donbas region have emerged. Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine in the early hours of the morning. Western Governments have been rushing to condemn the attack, and impose tougher financial sanctions on Russia, in order to de-escalate the situation.  Ms Mougin showed images of a field hospital that had been set up by Russian infantry and a succession of tanks rolling through the region. She said: "With over 150,000 Russian troops surrounding Ukraine on three sides, Russian tank movements are being closely watched. "On the Western border a satellite firm, that has been tracking the build-up of Russian forces. "So they observe movement of heavy equipment of tanks and troops. and from the North and Belarus near the Ukrainian border satellite images uncovered a new deployment of more than 100 military vehicles. "A field hospital has also been added, military manoeuvres that are being mirrored by decrees. JUST IN: Putin's WARNING to the West: Interfere and you will face wrath greater than any in history     Ms Mougin added: "At Vladimir Putin's request the upper house of Russia's parliament unanimously voted to send troops into Ukraine's separatist regions "And in response, Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensy said it's time to bolster his nation's troops. Mr Zelensky said: "As the Supreme Commander and Chief of the Armed Forces, I issued a decree on the conscription of reservists during this special period of time. Ms Mougin added: "The Ukrainian President tried to reassure citizens saying a full mobilisation is not necessary, at least for now as the world waits and watches for Russia's deployments." READ MORE:' Point of no return' – Terrifying meaning of 'Z' symbol emblazoned on Russian tanks    Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Chief condemned Putin's actions. Western Governments have been rushing to implement the sanctions they threatened Russia with, in case they decided to attack Ukraine. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, slammed President Putin following the invasion. Ms Truss said: “I strongly condemn the appalling, unprovoked attack President Putin has launched on the people of Ukraine. “We stand with Ukraine and we will work with our international partners to respond to this terrible act of aggression.” A Downing Street spokesperson said: "The Prime Minister spoke to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz this afternoon about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.  