The Foreign Secretary, in response to Russia's announcement it has signed a decree recognising the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk, said Moscow has shown a "flagrant disregard" for its commitments under the Minsk agreements, adding the move served as proof the Kremlin was opting for the "path of confrontation over dialogue". Ms Truss confirmed an outline of "new sanctions on Russia" would come on Tuesday. In a statement following Mr Putin's televised address unveiling his decision, she wrote: "This step represents a further attack on Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, signals an end to the Minsk process and is a violation of the UN charter. "We will coordinate our response with Allies. "We will not allow Russia's violation of its international commitments to go unpunished." She later added: "Tomorrow we will be announcing new sanctions on Russia in response to their breach of international law and attack on Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity." The mentioned Minsk process is the peace deal struck in 2015 following Russia's seizure and annexation of Crimea in 2014 in a bid to secure a ceasefire between Ukrainian government forces and Russian-backed separatists in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In a speech that lasted nearly an hour, Mr Putin claimed Ukraine was created by Russia, calling revolutionary Vladimir Lenin the "author and creator" of the country. He then went on to say the Eastern European nation is "being controlled from the outside" and had become a "colony of puppets". Slamming his neighbour's history, he continued: "Ukraine has never had traditions of its own statehood... the Ukrainian state is built on denying everything that invites us, the historical memory of millions of people. "Ukrainians squandered not only everything we gave them during the USSR but even everything they inherited from the Russian empire. Even the work created by Catherine the Great." He concluded: "I deem it necessary to make a decision that should have been made a long time ago – to immediately recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic." His words were followed by widespread criticism from Western leaders, many of whom echoed the foreign secretary's words. Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined her in saying the move was "plainly in breach of international law" and a "flagrant violation of the sovereignty" of Ukraine. When asked whether it was time to impose sanctions on Moscow, he replied he will have to see exactly what happens next in the breakaway regions. He claimed: "What I have said before about the package of sanctions is that they will be triggered with the first toecap of a Russian incursion or Russian invasion. "But plainly what has happened is extremely bad news." In a joint statement, Ursula von der Leyen and Charles Michel, the presidents of the European Commission and European Council, wrote: "The recognition of the two separatist territories in Ukraine is a blatant violation of international law, the territorial integrity of Ukraine and the Minsk agreements. "The EU and its partners will react with unity, firmness and determination in solidarity with Ukraine." DON'T MISSBritish expat stuck in Ukraine fears he has been 'totally abandoned' [REPORT]Biden in emergency talks with Macron and Scholz [ANALYSIS]Do you think UK should send troops into Ukraine if Russia invades? [POLL] The White House, meanwhile, was the first to speak of sanctions as such. Press secretary Jen Psaki said in a statement US President Joe Biden will be issuing an executive order that will forbid "new investment, trade, and financing by U.S. persons to, from, or in the so-called DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine" as well allows the imposition of sanctions against "any person determined to operate in those areas of Ukraine". Ms Psaki added: "We will also soon announce additional measures related to today’s blatant violation of Russia's international commitments. "To be clear: these measures are separate from and would be in addition to the swift and severe economic measures we have been preparing in coordination with Allies and partners should Russia further invade Ukraine. "We are continuing to closely consult with Allies and partners, including Ukraine, on next steps and on Russia's ongoing escalation along the border with Ukraine." NATO Secretary Jens Stoltenberg, in a statement that above all denounced Russia's violation of the Minsk agreements, said: "Moscow continues to fuel the conflict in eastern Ukraine by providing financial and military support to the separatists. "It is also trying to stage a pretext to invade Ukraine once again. "NATO supports the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognised borders. "Allies urge Russia, in the strongest possible terms, to choose the path of diplomacy, and to immediately reverse its massive military build-up in and around Ukraine, and withdraw its forces from Ukraine in accordance with its international obligations and commitments." German chancellor Olaf Scholz and French president Emmanuel Macron, who had been told of his decision by the Russian leader ahead of his televised address, "expressed their disappointment with this development of the situation" but "indicated their readiness to continue contacts". Mr Putin's announcement is largely regarded as a pretext for the Kremlin to openly send troops and weapons to the independently-declared territories, which could, in turn, lead to full-scale war. Conflict would not be new in the regions as they have been contested by Ukraine and Russia-backed rebels for years, and despite a ceasefire agreement, violence has been ongoing. Since 2019, Moscow has issued large numbers of passports to people living there.