Where parents usually teach their children good money management, young Mal’achai helped mum Sophie Palmer, 33, gain financial security for the entire family. Using the GoHenry app, Mal’achai was able to save his pocket money, Christmas and birthday cash gifts over two years for a trip to Disneyland. The youngster, from Dorset, spent two years saving money, absolutely determined to go to revisit the most magical place on earth after having first been to Disneyland Paris in 2018. The young saver put good habits he learnt from the GoHenry app into motion, becoming more money savvy than many adults despite earning just £2 allowance every week - and some extra cash added for helping out around the home. In total, the pair have saved over £1,000 for their Disneyland adventure and will now be joined with Mal’achai’s aunt and cousin. Ms Palmer added that thanks to Mal’achai, this time they will be able to “do a proper Disneyland package and we can’t wait!” READ MORE: Pensioners to get MASSIVE 20% pay hike - When it will happen and what it means for you Ms Palmer shared: “Mal’achai naturally wanted to save instead of ‘wasting’ money on things he would forget about after a few months. “We discussed how some of his purchases weren’t worth their cost and how he could get a larger sum of money with some patience, and this really appealed to him. “The GoHenry app was great for this as he could set himself a saving goal for different items or, in his case, a trip to Disneyland Paris. “The app also showed him the breakdown of how long it might take for him to reach his savings goals.” In a show of astounding financial knowledge for his age, Mal’achai decided to implement some systems when he wanted to buy something to avoid impulse purchases. For certain items, if Mal’achai decided he would like to buy it he would wait a week before making the purchase. If he still wanted it after the week was up he would then purchase it. This not only saw his savings increasing but also minimising the amount of items he would buy and then forget about soon after. Like many, Mal’achai’s savings saw a great increase during the pandemic as there was less opportunity to spend. He saves a set amount from his pocket money every week, and puts it with the majority of other money he has been gifted for his birthday and Christmas. Ms Palmer shared some insight on his successful savings strategy: “When he gets close to a goal, he saves larger amounts to achieve it sooner. “He also knows that I will sometimes give him a little extra pocket money as a positive incentive for special work at school. “For example, he recently became a maths champion when competing against other schools, which I was particularly proud of and so he got an extra treat for this.” Having achieved far more than expected for this holiday has not stopped Mal’achai. Ms Palmer said he is still saving up until they leave for Disneyland, with the leftover money going towards the next family holiday. The youngster has also taken on some of his own bills, paying for his monthly SIM contract and utilising GoHenry’s Money Missions to learn more about savings, investments and personal finance. With such a proactive little lad in the house, it’s no surprise that his good habits soon rubbed off on mum. Ms Palmer noted: “I was inspired by Mal'achai's sheer determination to go to Disneyland. I was so proud of him for reaching his goal that I set one myself - I now put £100 a month away which means we have a rainy day fund which has been a great peace of mind over the last 18 months." Ms Palmer has also employed Mal’achai’s spending mentality, stopping impulsive spending and has switched bank accounts twice to ensure she is getting the best deal.