George Russell has been tipped to beat Lewis Hamilton from the beginning of his Mercedes career by former Formula One star Ralf Schumacher. Russell has been testing the Silver Arrows’ new W13 car alongside Hamilton after making the switch from Williams Racing.   Russell has replaced Valtteri Bottas at Mercedes, with the Finnish driver moving to Alfa Romeo. The 24-year-old has been eager to point out that he is looking forward to learning from seven-times world champion Hamilton. The pair tested the new W13 Mercedes car at a stormy Silverstone on Friday, with both facing the media. It was Hamilton’s first public appearance since his devastating defeat at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December, where he controversially lost the world title to Max Verstappen.   JUST IN: George Russell has already been told how to beat Hamilton at Mercedes And Schumacher thinks Hamilton now has a new title rival a little closer to home. He believes Russell has not joined to play second-fiddle. “I thought it was interesting how gentle the two drivers, Lewis Hamilton and George Russell, were with each other [at the launch],” Schumacher told Sky Germany. “The young Russell was very careful with his comments and emphasised he wants to learn a lot now. “The tone was quite different when George replaced Lewis in Bahrain 2020 (Sakhir Grand Prix when Hamilton had Covid) and drove alongside Valtteri Bottas. “But I’m convinced that internally it looks different, and I already believe he can beat Lewis from the start.” The 46-year-old continued: “I think Mercedes have a super line-up now. “There was always a push from us on Sky to change something there. I never quite understood why it took so long to replace Valtteri Bottas. “I think George Russell is an exceptional talent. Whether he will develop like Lewis Hamilton did remains to be seen. “We also have to remember Lewis is 37 years old and Mercedes have to think about the future.”   DON'T MISS...FIA respond to claims that Andretti's son has applied to enter F1 teamLewis Hamilton tweets for first time since Mercedes return confirmedToto Wolff responds to Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen 'fixed' claim Mercedes star Hamilton was contentiously denied a record eighth world championship in Abu Dhabi, with race director Michael Masi now deposed for decisions he made that led to the Brit’s fate. And Russell has reiterated that Hamilton had the title ‘taken away from him’. "He had that race completely under control," Russell said. "He only had to bring it home and he'd have been an eight-time champion and he had that taken away from him."   