Lewis Hamilton has insisted he’s yet to gauge where Mercedes stand in comparison to the likes of Red Bull, Ferrari and McLaren ahead of the new F1 season. The Stevenage-born racer set the fastest time of the week on Formula 1 pre-season testing on Friday. He’s out to prove a point this year, especially after missing out on title glory to Max Verstappen last time out. Hamilton has won seven titles throughout his F1 career, with his first triumph coming back in 2008. And he’ll be eager to overtake Michael Schumacher in the history books when the new campaign gets underway next month. Hamilton set his best time late on the final day of the three-day testing stint in Barcelona on Friday. That bodes well for the 37-year-old as he looks to reel in Verstappen, whose victory in Abu Dhabi in December remains a raw wound. Hamilton said he was happy with his performance afterwards, saying: "It's been an interesting few days. “It's not been the easiest or smoothest running. We have had some obstacles to overcome. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "We would always want more laps but I am happy with today. “I think I almost got 100 laps in today. So for half a day of running, that's not too bad. “[We are] a little bit behind on the last two days. “The car is a lot different to previous years to drive, as are the tyres. But we're working our way through it.” And when asked where Mercedes stand in terms of competitiveness with the likes of Red Bull, Ferrari and McLaren, he added: "You never do on the first week. We have no idea where we are." George Russell, Hamilton’s new partner with the team for this year, sent a warning to his team-mate after the testing, however. “Even though we are top of the timesheets, I wouldn't read too much into it," said Russell. "We have some improvements to make, as we're not fully happy with the balance of the car and the limitations we have currently. “But we have a good indication of the direction we need to go in." Russell added: “It's been incredibly intriguing and for all of us there's been a lot of unexpected issues, which have been quite visible. “Some teams have it quite well under control, and some clearly do not. “Lap time wise, I don't think it's representative at all. “We were obviously on the softest compound of tyres, and the C5 is a very strong tyre around this track. “I think the Ferrari and McLaren were looking incredibly strong.” Before testing started, and after the chaotic Abu Dhabi GP in December, Hamilton was linked with retirement. Yet Mercedes chief Toto Wolff recently revealed he always expected the Brit to return to the grid, saying: “No, I was never worried – although you have to respect the driver is disillusioned after such an event. “But we have a strong team and great support so I knew he was going to come back. “We all were disillusioned because the stopwatch never lies and Lewis was clearly the best guy on track in Abu Dhabi, dominating the race, and then it is taken away by a single individual against all the rules so to digest that is very difficult. “Like all of us, there was an initial shock. “We have never seen anything like that so he had to walk away, and free his mind and think about something else, and start to work on those events and find a solution.”