Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has warned top four rivals Manchester United and Arsenal that Spurs’ 4-0 win over Leeds on Saturday provided evidence that his methods are beginning to ‘work’. Conte had overseen a disappointing run of four defeats in five matches ahead of the north Londoners’ visit to Elland Road.   The Italian had made a subtle hint that his future might lie away from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium following Spurs’ 1-0 defeat by Burnley on Wednesday. His job needed to be ‘assessed’ as part of talks with the club, Conte ominously told reporters. But Conte – who was appointed last November – remains in charge and guided his side to a 4-0 thrashing of Leeds. Goals by Matt Doherty, Dejan Kulusevski, Harry Kane and Son Heung-min saw off a dismal Leeds team.   JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash Conte felt that Spurs’ first goal – which saw left wing-back Ryan Sessegnon cross for right wing-back Doherty – was evidence of his methods finally coming to fruition. The 52-year-old has at times struggled to translate his preferred style of football at Spurs. He has used the 3-4-3 that worked so successfully in his last Premier League spell at Chelsea and Inter Milan. But Conte believes his message is starting to get across to his players following the demolition of Leeds on Saturday. “For the first time I have seen my mark, about this system. The creation from one wing-back and the other wing-back scoring,” the Spurs boss told journalists. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “It means that the work is starting to work. It was a good performance for us against a strong team that is not simple to play against. “Today we played a really good game, good football. What I wanted to see today was the right spirit, the right character to fight and win the ball and duels, against a team that are masters in this situation. “Today I asked this to my players. I wanted an answer not only in football aspects but also in these aspects are very important in my opinion. “Usually my teams are not only strong on the pitch but mentally in their desire and spirit. The opponent that plays us has to know this. We are also working on this aspect.   DON'T MISS...Leeds boss Marcelo Bielsa hits back at reporter after Tottenham lossLeeds have 'unusual' problem to overcome to sack Marcelo BielsaLeeds board's top four candidates to replace Bielsa after Spurs defeat “I asked for this answer, especially after Burnley defeat. We lost that game because the opponents had more desire.” Spurs had dropped to eighth in the Premier League following that disappointing defeat by Burnley. But they climbed a place after beating Leeds. Conte’s side are now only five points off United who occupy fourth and still need to play the Red Devils and north London rivals Arsenal, who are fifth.   