Alex Jones and Ronan Keating will be presenting Thursday’s The One Show but the BBC magazine show will not air during its usual slot of 7pm on BBC One. The One Show has been relocated from its home on BBC One to BBC Two to make way for a special news broadcast. BBC News At Six will broadcast on BBC One during The One Show’s usual slot. The news programme usually begins at 6pm followed by local news. However, on Thursday the programme has been extended and will not finish until 7pm. Local news will then air followed by a Green Party political broadcast at 7.25pm. Read more: Alex Jones aims swipe at The One Show co-star Rylan as he 'rabbits on' EastEnders remains in its usual Thursday slot and will air at 7.30pm. The schedule shake-up comes after Russia invaded Ukraine. Vladimir Putin has launched a full-scale assault on Ukraine with its military attacking the country from the north, east and south. People in the capital Kiev have reported hearing explosions and air-raid sirens throughout the day. BBC News At Ten will also be extended meaning Question Time will air at a later time of 10.55pm. Alex and Ronan will be joined by a host of guests on Thursday’s The One Show. MasterChef: The Professionals judge Marcus Wareing will be in the studio talking about his new BBC Two series. Marcus will be swapping his chef whites for wellies for Tales From A Kitchen Garden. DON'T MISSBBC viewers blast Brendan O’Carroll for ‘racist’ joke [INSIGHT]Craig Revel Horwood opens up on new role  [INTERVIEW]The One Show's Ronan Keating distracts viewers 'Thought he was naked!' [VIDEO] He’ll be joined by Spandau Ballet’s Martin Kemp who will discussing another new BBC Two series. Rock Till We Drop sees elderly musicians and singers be given a once in a lifetime opportunity to perform at a festival. Meanwhile, one half of the Hairy Bikers Dave Myers will be on hand for this weeks One Big Thank You. He’ll be surprising Dr Ian who is a key member of the Dorset air ambulance team and paramedic for a motorbike charity. The One Show regular Gyles Brandreth will be uncovering the story behind the new film The Duke. He’ll be investigating how a Geordie taxi driver became Britain’s most wanted. The upcoming film stars Jim Broadbent as the National Gallery thief Kempton Bunton and Helen Mirren as his wife Dorothy. The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.