Kin made its UK debut on Sundance Now via Amazon Prime Video Channels on February 24. The TV crime drama highlights a tragedy felt by the Kinsella family after their boy is killed. Matriarch Amanda (played by Clare Dunne) has a romantic moment with Jimmy (Emmett J Scanlan) and actress Dunne opened up about the experience. Amanda Kinsella has had to adjust to a dangerous way of life as she married gangster Jimmy. She is mother to Jamie (Cian Fitzsimons) and Anthony (Mark McKenna Jr) and is forever living in fear for the safety of her children. Amanda swaps her grief for vengeance following a family tragedy and she will do whatever it takes to find justice. Actress Clare Dunne opened up about her character and she paid tribute to some of her co-stars. With Kin being her first major TV credit, she definitely felt the nerves but two people in particular offered guidance. READ MORE: Emmett Scanlan opens up about 'therapy' during filming for The Tower Emmett J Scanlan helped the star through her first-ever sex scene. Speaking to Express.co.uk she said: "It was actually f*****g scary because it was tied up with grief and was an emotional, intimate physical scene. "It wasn't just a crass sex scene, so we had an intimacy coordinator and it was all so tender. "There was nobody on the set. Things like that just make me think I can't wait to work with Emmett again. "As it made me feel like I would trust him with my life, he's just a gent." Paying tribute to her co-star, she said he was "such a connector" who "ends up friends with everyone". She said: "He's a massively connected human being, and I love that about him. "He's very open and honest, he won't pretend to be 'on' for you." Charlie Cox stars as Michael Kinsella in the series and she also praised him for his support. The Last Duel actress said: "First of all Charlie was like a teacher to me because I had never really had a TV role before. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders: Helen McCrory's presence in new season teased [INSIGHT] Peaky Blinders film confirmed to star two iconic characters after S6 [DISCUSSION] Cillian Murphy fumes at fans taking photos of him without asking [INSIGHT] "I had never played a character for five months in a row except on stage, but on stage, you do the same thing every night. "So I learned my craft a lot around Charlie, big time. He was constantly keeping his eye on me at the start because he knew I wasn't used to the way it worked. "Emmett was like the brother I never had really, like we just had the craic all the time. "We would all do things to keep time ticking over, we all kept the banter going. "That was our social life because it was during the lockdown. So sometimes it was hard to be serious." She confessed: "Me and Emmett were terrible for laughing, but you had to release the tension somehow. "But when it was anything really heavy or emotional, there was utmost respect between the actors. "Charlie and Emmett, we have such a tight bond the three of us in the whole thing. "There's a mystery of the history there that all gets revealed in bits and the three of us always had to develop our history together as characters." The story unravels over eight episodes as the gangland war ensues.  Kin is streaming exclusively on Sundance Now (an add on subscription via Amazon Prime Video Channels) from Thursday, February 24.