The state pension age is an important threshold to know, as it dictates when people are allowed to begin receiving their state pension entitlement. The setting of the state pension age, and increases to it, can have a huge impact on the retirement plans of millions of Britons. The state pension age currently sits at 66 in the UK. This is the same for both men and women. However, this was not always the case. Previously, women were able to get their state pension five years earlier than men. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim At one time, the state pension age for women was 60, while for men it was 65. Changes were then introduced to equalise the two state pension ages. This meant the women’s state pension age increased to 65. The state pension age for both men and women was then raised again, bringing it to today’s threshold of 66. DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions: How Britons could save thousands of pounds on their bills [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak torn apart by 'extremely angry' colleagues over tax hike: 'Tax millionaires!' [REACTION]Sunak’s stupid and cruel 55% pensions tax must be axed before it does even MORE damage [TAX] The state pension age is scheduled to increase again in the future, as it will be hiked up to age 67. This is due to occur no later than 2028, and another change to the state pension age is set to follow. By 2046, the state pension age will be 68, based on the Government’s current plans. The Government reviews the state pension age regularly to decide whether any changes are required. Increases in the state pension age are usually implemented relative to the life expectancy of Britons. If life expectancy goes up, it is likely the state pension age will too. A review of the state pension age is currently ongoing, and will conclude no later than May 7, 2023. Britons can check their state pension age online via the Government website. This will also give them an exact date they can start getting their state pension, under current rules. The full new state pension is worth £179.60 a week at present, providing £9,339.20 for a full year. However, the value of the state pension increases every year, and the full new state pension will rise to £185.15 from April 2022. These yearly boosts are designed to reflect an increase in the cost of living over time due to the impact of inflation, allowing pensioners to maintain their spending power.