For him, prudence was a moral duty. In “administering the public purse”, he once said, “the Chancellor is under a sacred obligation with regard to all he consents to spend”. Modern Governments have none of that ethos. Recklessness rather than restraint is their hallmark. Their appetite for taxpayers’ money is voracious; their financial management is profligate. As a result, waste and extravagance are endemic.  That reality was graphically illustrated by this week’s report from the Auditor General, Gareth Davies, into the vast amounts of taxpayers’ cash squandered in dodgy deals for Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) during the Covid pandemic. According to Mr Davies, the Government blew £8.7billion on faulty or unusable gear. Thanks to inept officialdom, and while some suppliers raked in a fortune, the NHS was deluged with unsuitable items. The PPE saga is a disgrace, but hardly comes as a surprise. Taxpayers have grown wearily used to expensive rackets like this. Only the week before, in the Lords, Treasury Minister Lord Agnew dramatically resigned in protest at the loss of £4.3billion in fraudulent Covid loans. Denouncing the oversight of the support scheme as “nothing short of woeful”, Lord Agnew said “a combination of arrogance, indolence and ignorance is freezing the Government machine”.  He further warned that, shamefully, there seemed “no knowledge or little interest in the consequences of fraud”, even though such abuses could be costing a colossal £29billion-a-year, far more than the state’s entire expenditure on the criminal justice system, including the police, courts and prisons. Yet there seems to be no political will to tackle the culture of excess. On the contrary, Ministers boast about spending record-breaking sums, while Labour always demands even more as the party moans about “Tory cuts”. Amid all this competitive prodigality, the concept of value for money is ignored. The institutionalised neglect of sound finance and rigorous management explains why taxpayers receive such a poor return on their huge payments to the Treasury. Overall taxes are now at their highest level for 70 years, yet the NHS remains mired in crisis, schools complain of underfunding, the police say they are hopelessly overstretched, the courts argue that they cannot cope with their workload, and local authorities wail about straitened budgets. If the Government put its house in order, there would be more money for front-line services. Instead, Whitehall and Westminster act like irresponsible spendthrifts, filled withcontempt for those who pay their livings.  Massive sums are frittered away on corruption, bureaucracy, and poor decision-making. Budgets regularly spiral out of control, as can be seen in the HS2 rail project whose costs have gone up from £20billion in 2010 to £107billion now. In the benefits system alone, it is estimated that £8.5billion was lost to fraud last year, while the Ministry of Defence has become a by-word for wasteful procurement. More than £4billion, for instance, has been spent on the new Ajax armoured vehicle yet, because of defects and delays, only 14 have so far been delivered. Such failures have not stopped47 officials in the MoD’s Equipment and Support organisation earning over £100,000. More than 600 Whitehall officials are now paid over £150,000, a 16 per cent increase since the start of the pandemic, yet this army of pen-pushers is so inadequate that the civil service spends over £2.5billion on consultants.  In the same vein, London Mayor Sadiq Khan bleats about a £1.5billion “black hole” in the finances of the capital’s transport network, yet in 2020 London Transport had 521 staff on over £100,000-a-year, with 114 of them on over £150,000. Much of this climate of waste can be blamed on the absence of any commercial pressures, which not only fuels low performance but means more weight is attached to box-ticking politics than professional expertise. Dame Kate Bingham, the dynamic mastermind of the private sector-led vaccines programme, has attacked the “devastating lack of skills in science, industry and manufacturing” across the machinery of Government, whose “groupthink and risk averse” approach “stifles initiatives and encourages foot-dragging”. She is right. As the PPE scandal shows, the country is paying a high price for this indulgent, bureaucratic incompetence. 