 Kelvin Fletcher has swapped his showbiz lifestyle for the great outdoors and seems to be loving the change. Viewers can follow the former Emmerdale star as he delves into country living on BBC One’s Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure. In the latest episode of the documentary series, the actor spoke out about the realities of farming, hinting that some aspects of Emmerdale are accurate.   On Monday night, BBC viewers saw Kelvin and his wife Liz Marsland attempt to connect with their neighbours. The couple decided to throw a party for the village in one of their fields, in the hopes of meeting some new faces. With the help of some locals, Kelvin and Liz were able to decorate their land with colourful bunting and set up some food and drink stalls for the event. Looking over his farmland ahead of the party, Kelvin confessed the view reminded him of his days as a soap actor. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute    Chatting to another villager, he remarked: “This is looking like a proper little village get-together. “Do you know what it reminds me of, this place? Emmerdale!” Kelvin enthused. The actor confessed his time on the ITV soap meant he was no stranger to village events: “We used to film scenes like this. “I remember filming it thinking ‘Is this what people in the countryside do? Is that what their little events are like?’ Now I’ve turned into it,” Kelvin admitted.    Chatting to his wife before the guests arrived, Kelvin confessed he felt proud of what they had achieved. “It’s done. It looks great,” Liz said, with Kelvin agreeing: “It looks good doesn’t it?” The actor enthused: “It’s happening. It’s actually happening. We’ve done it! “I’m really proud. It’s not even started yet and I’m thinking ‘Yes, this is brilliant’,” he said. DON'T MISS...The Chelsea Detective star makes dig at ‘gritty’ crime dramas [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street’s Steve McDonald devastated as Emma leaves? [SPOILERS]A Place in The Sun host stunned by buyer’s emotional reaction [WATCH]  When the masses of guests arrived the event was buzzing with games and laughter. Liz commented: “There’s such a good atmosphere. Everyone’s really clubbing together and joining in.” Addressing the crowd of villagers, Kelvin thanked everyone for coming to the party and for welcoming them into the local community. He said: “I’d just wanted to say how delighted we are that we’ve got such fantastic neighbours.   “We feel so lucky to live in a place like this. Our door’s always open if you’re ever driving by and you want to come in for a cup of tea, help me with the pigs, help me with the sheep. “We don’t know what we’re doing so we need all the advice we can get. “But, it’s been fantastic to see you all today and meet so many of you as well. Thank you very much,” he concluded. Kelvin’s Big Farming Adventure airs Mondays at 8:30pm on BBC One. 