Therefore, unless Russia wants to invade Ukraine anyway it should not matter that Ukraine wants to join Nato. The nub of the issue is that Russia does indeed want to annex Ukraine and knows it cannot do so if and when Ukraine joins Nato. But until that moment comes, it can plunge Ukraine into a bloody war. To deter Vladimir Putin the West must present a united front and must mean it when it talks about sanctions, sanctions that will bite hard, sanctions that will be rigidly policed, sanctions that will be imposed despite any retaliatory action such as threats to the gas supplies of any individual nation. Without that united front Putin will merely laugh at the protests of the leaders who have already visited him and sat at the other end of that absurdly long table. He was a member of the KGB and has never cast off its ruthless ways. After its brief experience of democracy under Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin, he pulled Russia back to being an effective dictatorship. He has got away with that because his early presidencies brought huge economic progress, because Russians have never wholly learned to live without fear of their masters in the Kremlin and because the rest of the world, while eyeing him askance, has been prepared to engage in a healthy trade. Meanwhile MI5 and MI6 still operate as if the Cold War had never ended because his intelligence and infiltration tactics follow that pattern. Yet body bags and economic deprivation could just make the Russian people sit up and take notice. One can only have hope but not faith that it does not come to that. ----------------- RESTRICTIONS may have eased but a lot of people are still frightened by Covid, wearing masks, sanitising hands obsessively and jumping six feet if the person next to them coughs. A friend of a friend still sanitises all the supermarket bags before bringing them in, yet we have known for a very long time that Covid is airborne. So, while some of us jump for joy at the long overdue restoration of individual liberty, others will be very hesitant and I suspect it may be some while before we can go out for the day without spotting a mask. That however is a matter of individual choice but if any shops or businesses resist the return to normality, I hope their customers will resist them! ----------------- HOW do you fill a hot water bottle without a kettle? How do you toast with neither toaster nor grill? Power cuts can test inventiveness but the novelty wears off pretty soon. Candlelight may look charming but it is very bad for the eyesight to strain to read in it. I was among the many thousands of Brits who lost their electricity supply during Storm Eunice and I expect most of us wondered how our ancestors managed. Yet there are large pockets of the Third World where managing without electric lighting is the norm. Maybe those who decry spending on overseas aid should ask themselves how they would have managed if their electricity had not come back on. ----------------- WHEN Prince Philip died, half the commentary at his funeral revolved around Harry and William, whose relations were pretty acrimonious at the time. Now, as preparations are under way for his memorial service next month, all the speculation is about whether Harry will come and what role Prince Andrew will play. Perhaps the press and media can try to remember that the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service is about the Duke of Edinburgh and not the Duke of Sussex or the Duke of York. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- I WAS watching my favourite TV channel, Talking Pictures, the other night when it showed some old footage of a chimps’ tea party. Children were laughing helplessly and so was I. The animals looked as if they were having fun too, holding out mugs to be filled, putting teapots on their heads and exploring the table and chairs and I admit I asked myself “why not?” Where was the harm? I know that sentiment will outrage animal rights activists but this was not a circus where creatures are crammed into cages and transported for miles. It was a zoo, where they lived anyway. It was not a routine (unpredictability is the whole point) enforced by severe training. Most of us who have owned pets will have had one or two who spontaneously produced a “party piece” to the amusement of everyone watching. That does not mean we are exploiting them. So I ask again, where was the harm? ---------------- THE MET Office could have chosen Elizabeth, Elsie, Eileen, Ethel, Eva or Esmerelda but instead chose to name the hurricane that wrought such havoc Eunice. Why? And who decides? And how? Does the weather guru have a computer program? Or a hat with names in? Do officials ask their children for suggestions at breakfast? I would love to know.