Antonio Conte has reportedly altered his stance on Steven Bergwijn and would be willing to listen to offers for the Dutch forward in the summer transfer window. Bergwijn has struggled to hold down a place in the Tottenham side this season and could be allowed to leave at the end of the campaign.     The 24-year-old forward joined Spurs on a five-year contract from PSV Eindhoven in a £27million transfer back in January 2020. He made an instant impact, scoring on his debut against Manchester City, but has since failed to find any consistency. Bergwijn has so far contributed seven goals and 10 assists in 69 appearances for the club, but has been frustrated by the lack of regular game time this season. The Netherlands international has made just four starts in the Premier League this campaign, with his match-winning double in the 3-2 win over Leicester last month failing to change his situation. JUST IN: Man Utd’s transfer interest in seven Atletico Madrid players  Following that dramatic impact on January 19, Conte appeared content to keep hold of Bergwijn so as not to weaken his squad. But now Calciomercato reports that the Italian coach is willing to sell Bergwijn this summer, with AC Milan the most likely suitors at this stage. Bergwijn is reportedly ‘completely lost’ at Spurs, for whom he has pitched in with three goals and one assist in 17 appearances this season.  DON'T MISS Barcelona's plot to steal target from Man Utd and Liverpool detailed Alexander Isak’s stance on Arsenal move with Barcelona also keen Liverpool ‘interested’ in £75m ace to succeed Roberto Firmino The arrival of Dejan Kulusevski from Juventus in January has further limited his chances of a starting berth in a squad which contains Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Lucas Moura. Spurs valued Bergwijn at around £20.8million in January (€25m) when Ajax made enquiries, but would be willing to settle for between £15m (€18m) and £16.7m (€20m) this summer. There are no offers on the table yet, but Milan directors Paolo Maldini and Frederic Massara both like the idea of a transfer. "In the past when someone asks me about Steven Bergwijn, I was very clear,” Conte said after the Leicester win in January.  “I said that for me he is an important player because he has characteristics that in our squad we don't have many creative players. "He is very good in one vs one, good to beat the man. He can play striker, he can play number 10 and for us, for me, he is an important player and we have to try to improve, to become stronger, not to lose a player and become less strong. "Steven is a player that if he's in good physical condition and he has good fitness, he can start the games or he can come in and change the game. “For me, I think he's an important player and you know very well the player has to be happy and I think the player is happy to stay with us and play for Tottenham." 