On Monday, Amos Wilsher was found guilty of killing 88-year-old Josephine Kaye by a jury. Wilsher and his younger brother, Jason Wilsher, were convicted of the murder of 87-year-old Arthur Gumbley. During a four-week trial, the jury was told Amos, 29, acted alone when he posed as a gas firm worker to remove a padlock from a gate before killing Ms Kaye and stealing £20,000. The Irish-born widow died in hospital in March 2020, three weeks after suffering a broken leg as she was thrown to the floor at her home in Stoke-on-Trent. Both brothers were also found guilty by the jury of being among a three-strong gang that caused fatal injuries to widower Mr Gumbley during a raid on his bungalow in Staffordshire back in 2017. Amos was arrested at a hotel and spa in Lincoln two weeks after the second murder. His brother was originally found guilty of Mr Gumbley's murder in 2019 but was granted a re-trial despite DNA evidence linking him to the scene. Jurors convicted Amos of two counts of murder and Jason of murdering Mr Gumbley who died three weeks after suffering broken ribs. Pictures of the retired business owner's badly bruised face and body were released. At the start of the trial, prosecution QC Simon Denison said three robbers had travelled south from the Tibshelf area of Derbyshire looking for "easy targets". After smashing the window in the kitchen door at the back of the house to gain entry to the property, the raiders punched Mr Gumbley in the face, knocking him to the ground. Mr Denison said: "They kicked him in the shoulder and back, they dragged him through his house, they ripped his watch from his wrist, tearing the fragile skin from the back of his hand. "They ransacked his house and they took his money, items of jewellery that had belonged to his late wife and a number of antique items that he had accumulated over the course of his long life." READ MORE: Named: Officers charged with sharing 'grossly offensive' messages The violence inflicted on Mr Gumbley caused injury to his brain and four displaced rib fractures, as well as widespread bruising, Coventry Crown Court heard. Mr Gumbley was taken to hospital but his injuries were "too much for his body to withstand" and he died in December 2017. The court also heard Amos was linked to Ms Kaye's murder by DNA evidence found on a screwdriver, a hat, a security light and a soap tin, as well as fingerprint on the side of a car. Jurors were told Ms Kaye was attacked in her home by "one man, acting alone". The prosecutor said: "She was attacked in her home on that Thursday evening by one man, acting alone. "He repeatedly threw her to the ground, he dragged her through her home and he threatened her with a screwdriver. DON'T MISS Manhunt after woman punched out walking 3 dogs [INSIGHT] M6 driver caught speeding past police at 102mph during Storm Franklin [REVEAL] Dog shot dead after attacking woman and teenager in rampage [COMMENT] "He found her safe in a cupboard and demanded that she tell him the code, which she couldn't do." The brothers - who were members of a large family from the traveller community with links to Derbyshire and Leicestershire - were further convicted of conspiracy to rob. Both men were also found guilty of wounding with intent relating to pensioner Dennis Taylor, who was attacked in 2017 in his home in Derbyshire. Mr Taylor suffered a broken nose and finger fractures when he was attacked four days after Mr Gumbley was attacked. The 82-year-old was knocked to the ground, jabbed in the face with a knife and struck with a baseball bat and walking stick by the gang who stole cash, watches and jewellery. Amos and Jason, both formerly of Tibshelf near Alfreton, were remanded in custody and will be sentenced on a later date.