For those who don't know, Amazon Echo is a clever AI-powered speaker that responds to your voice and plays songs, radio stations, manages timers and reminders, can call friends and family, order taxis and takeaways, control smart lighting and thermostats, and much, much more. And for a limited-time only Amazon is running a jaw-dropping deal that brings the fourth-gen Echo Dot down to its lowest price ever. This smart speaker, which boasts a big redesign over the 3rd gen model, usually costs £49.99 on its own. But right now you can pick up this speaker with one month's worth of Amazon Music Unlimited for £19.98 if you're a non-Prime customer or for £17.98 if you're a Prime subscriber. Given Music Unlimited usually cosrs £9.99 per month if you're not with Prime - or £7.99 if you are a subscriber - this offers a whopping £40 saving which effectively brings with the Echo Dot price down to £9.99. This is an incredible money saving deal which is available until the end of this month, so if you like the sound of this deal make sure you pick it up before February 28 2022 finishes. Also, if you don't want to continue being charged for Music Unlimited after your first month is up make sure you cancel before auto-renew kicks in. Anyone interested in this deal looking for the additional Prime saving who doesn't subscribe to the service can also head to this page on the Amazon website and sign-up for a 30 day free trial. While the fourth gen Echo Dot (which features a ball shape compared to the previous model's disc design) doesn't have as impressive specs as the fourth gen Echo, it will still give you the complete Alexa experience so many people know and love - allowing you to ask the Amazon smart assistant to stream your favourite artists, albums, and a number of hand-curated playlists.  AMAZON ECHO DOT - WHAT CAN YOU USE YOUR ALEXA SPEAKER FOR? An Amazon Echo Dot speaker is the perfect way to turn your home into a smart home without breaking the bank. You can use your Echo Dot as a control centre for your smart home, as you can control multiple devices simply with voice commands. There are hundreds of compatible smart home devices which work with the Echo Dot including lights, thermostats and TVs. If you have multiple Echo Dot speakers in your house you can also use Alexa to send messages to people in other rooms, such as letting them know dinner's ready or that it's time for your kids to go to bed.  Alexa can also be used for hands-free calling, so you can easily stay in touch and have a chat with family and friends who also have an Echo Dot device. Of course, one of the big reasons to get an Echo Dot is so you can call upon Alexa to help you with any burning questions you'll have throughout the day. And in addition to the infinite knowledge that Alexa has, you'll also be able to take advantage of tens of thousands of Alexa skills that can personalise your smart speaker experience. Skills are like apps, and there are host of available downloads available that let you play games with Alexa, help track your fitness, deliver news to you, help with getting to sleep after a busy day and more. You can also download Skills for leading music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music so you can listen to your favourite songs via your Echo Dot speaker.  If you're thinking of picking up the Echo Dot deal that includes free access to Amazon Music Unlimited, you may be wondering what you'll get compared to Apple Music and Spotify. All three services have a huge library - with Apple Music and Amazon Music Unlimited having a catalogue of over 75million songs, with Spotify having a library of over 70million. Spotify, meanwhile, has a free plan which has limited features (such as the ability to listen to exact tracks you want to hear blocked out, with songs from an album randomised instead) but the Premium package which offers all features is priced at £9.99. That's the same price for Apple Music and Amazon Music Unlimited. So what are the key areas that separate the services? Well, Apple Music has exclusive radio stations such as Apple Music 1. And Spotify boasts the hugely popular Spotify Wrapped annual round-up, which always goes viral each time it drops at the end of the year. This much-loved feature is something Spotify's rivals simply can't match. But there is one key area where Spotify lags behind its rivals. And that's with so called lossless audio, which is when music is streamed with CD quality audio. Spotify previously promised that it would be launching a Spotify HiFi feature which adds this much desired sound quality. But, despite announcing this over 10 months ago, it still hasn't launched. And in the meantime Apple Music and Amazon Music Unlimited have added lossless audio at no extra cost. Amazon Music Unlimited's library of over 75million songs is available in what they call HD, which is CD-quality lossless audio. While seven million songs are available in Ultra HD, which is better than CD audio quality. If you've never tried Amazon Music Unlimited before then you can check this out for yourself by signing up to a free Amazon Music Unlimited trial. At the moment Amazon is offering a three month free trial instead of its usual 30 day free trial. This three month free trial is on offer until March 29 2022. However, you need to bear in mind a few things. Firstly, you need to be a new Music Unlimited customer to take advantage of this deal. Also, if you're planning on picking up the £19.98 or £17.98 Echo Dot and Music Unlimited bundle mentioned above you won't be able to get this three month Music Unlimited trial as well. You'll have to get one or the other, not both.  The 4th gen Echo and Echo Dot debuted in 2020 and boast the biggest redesign to the Alexa-powered speaker line-up since the products first debuted. The Amazon gadgets now boast a distinct spherical shape that will catch plenty of people's eyes when they're looking round your living room, plus the speakers are environmentally conscious. The Echo and Echo Dot 4th gen devices are made with 100 percent recycled aluminium and fabric plus 50 percent recycled plastic. You'll also be able to stream lossless (aka CD quality) music from Amazon Music Unlimited on both the 4th gen Echo Dot and Echo speakers. Whether you opt for a 3rd or fourth gen Echo Dot, or the higher spec Echo smart speaker, you'll still get the same Alexa experience that fans know and love.  The fourth gen Echo Dot is the more recently released entry-level Alexa speaker. Usually the 3rd gen is the option we'd recommend for anyone looking to get their first-ever smart speaker and see what the fuss is all about. This is simply because money saving deals often run on the 3rd gen Echo Dot, making it a cost-effective option if you're curious about smart speakers but don't want to break the bank to try one out. However, if both Echo Dots are available at a similar price - or if the fourth gen Echo Dot is available cheaper - then definitely go for the newer model. The fourth-gen Echo Dot, as mentioned already, has a distinct new design which also features on its elder sibling - the 2020 Echo. Instead of the disc shape of the 3rd gen Echo Dot, the 4th gen model has an eye-catching ball shape. It's also slightly larger than its predecessor, which helps deliver improved sound performance. The 4th gen Echo Dot also allows owners to listen to lossless (aka CD quality) music on streaming services. And that's great as lossless audio is something Amazon's Music Unlimited supports. Elsewhere, if being kind to the environment is a cause close to your heart then you may be swayed to pick an Echo Dot 4th gen as it's made with 100 percent recycled fabric, 100 percent recycled aluminium and 50 percent recycled plastics. Are you torn between choosing an Echo Dot and Echo? What is the right Amazon smart speaker for you? If you're simply looking for an Alexa-powered speaker then rest assured whichever device you choose you'll get the same experience millions around the world know and love. So the choice between the two will come down to your budget, what sized device you're after and the specs. Focusing on the 4th gen models, the Echo Dot has an RRP of £49.99 while the Echo is priced at £89.99. But deals can be found that reduced the prices of this device, with the best ones available directly from Amazon itself. In terms of the size of the devices, the Echo Dot stands at 3.5inches tall with a 3.9inch waist. While the Echo has a 5.7inch diameter and a height of 5.2inches. Both 4th gen devices also boast the new, eye-catching spherical design. Ultimately though, if price and size isn't an object then it will likely boil down to sound quality. And on that front there's one clear winner - the Echo. Both 4th gen models have improved sound quality over its predecessors, but if audio is the main thing you're concerned about you'll want the fourth gen Echo. This smart speaker, like the 4th gen Echo Dot, plays lossless audio but this is further enhanced by the Echo's Dolby audio technology. While the 4th gen Echo Dot has a 1.6inch front-firing speaker, the Echo's set-up is much more impressive - with a 3.0inch woofer and dual 0.8inch tweeters.