The fourth and final season of Ozark has pulled no punches so far in delivering a number of shocking deaths and exits as Netflix subscribers prepare to say farewell to Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Lauren Linney) for the last time. Whether the money laundering duo will make it to the end of the final run alive remains to be seen but so far, series stalwarts Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery), Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and many others have already met grisly ends. And with just seven episodes to go, there are a number of clues to support the theory Jonah Byrde (Skylar Gaertner) may not survive. Jonah has arguably been on one of the most whirlwind journeys during Ozark’s four-season run so far. Introduced as an innocent schoolboy, Jonah’s evolved into a bullish, vengeful, independent and money laundering savvy teenager with a Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey) shaped vendetta against his mother. He’s outgrown Marty and Wendy’s ability to control and parent him now, doing his best to cut ties with his parents and even lending a helping hand to rival Darlene and Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner). However, heading into part two of season four, Jonah - much like everyone else in the Ozark’s - has had his life turned upside thanks to the actions of cartel lieutenant Javi (Alfonso Herrera) and the Byrdes’ meddling with the FBI. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 part 2: Marty and Wendy split 'sealed' in major clue Darlene is now dead as Javi finally took action following her refusal to halt production on her heroin business. And Ruth’s cousin Wyatt was caught in a classic case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time as Javi callously killed him too - without even knowing who he was. Heading into part two, Ruth is now on the warpath to kill Javi and it looks like nothing is going to stop her - her memorable screech at Marty telling him he’d have to “kill” her to save Javi will undoubtedly live long in Ozark fans’ memories for years to come. However, it’s unlikely Ruth will be able to get her hands on Javi given his newfound value to the FBI but if he discovers she plots to kill him, it’s an almost guarantee he’ll exact revenge - and it may not just be on Ruth. Jonah may too find himself in Javi’s firing line and there are a number of reasons why. Firstly, Javi killed Darlene for her decision to continue working despite the cartel’s warning - and Jonah famously became part of the operation in season four. Not only will Javi want to clean house of Darlene’s entire business, but it’s less than likely he’ll be understanding to hear a member of the Byrde family has been working for the Snells. This could also lead Javi to believe Marty may have been involved with scheming with Darlene behind Omar (Felix Solis) and the Navarro Cartels’ backs and while he needs Marty alive for his new bond with the FBI, killing Jonah would certainly send a message to the Byrdes not to think about double-crossing him. DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4: Maya Miller to be saved from cartel by secret child?Ozark season 4: Charlotte to take over from Wendy for cartel clue?Ozark season 4: Wendy blunder exposed as fans spot her 'mouthing' Ruth's line And if Jonah’s ties to the Snell operation wasn’t enough to back the theory Javi will kill him, arguably the most glaring clue comes from Ruth’s breakdown at the Byrdes’ home after she discovered Wyatt’s body. Ruth was convinced it was Frank Cosgrove Jr (Joseph Sikora) who’d killed Wyatt but upon arrival at the Byrdes, it became clear it was a member of the cartel - Ruth just didn’t know who. Enter Jonah who wasted no time in giving up Javi’s name to the inconsolable Ruth, despite warnings from Wendy and Marty to keep quiet. If Ruth does manage to come face to face with Javi in her quest to kill him, she may well reveal how she found out who he was. If Javi survives and discovers Jonah was the one who gave his name up to a woman who vowed to kill him, he’s hardly going to be understanding. And one final clue could be Marty and Wendy’s extreme lengths of sacrifice they’ve already gone too to prove their loyalty to the cartel and ensure their own safety. Could Jonah follow in the footsteps of Ben if Javi gets his hands on him? And will their sacrifice of Ben bode badly for their son? Fans will have to wait until season four, part two drops on Netflix to find out for sure. Ozark seasons 1-4 part 1 are available to stream on Netflix now.