Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, otherwise known as Mrs Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she started to share her cleaning tips and product recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning star has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Inspired by the guru, her fans have now created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. These tips include how to remove radiator marks. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, One woman asked for advice on how to get rid of radiator marks left behind from having her sofa pushed up against it. Tasha Taylor-Lewis wrote: “Had a sofa pushed up against the radiator and it has left a mark, any suggestions on how to get rid of it please?” One of the areas which can often be forgotten about when cleaning are radiators. For those living in a home where their radiators often become marked and stained, then they may need a quick and safe solution to remove the marks. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows Radiators can form dark coloured marks when pieces of furniture, such as sofas, are pushed up against them. Luckily, the post was inundated with comments from fellow cleaning fanatics ready to offer up their tips. The most popular solution was to use toothpaste. Tara Macintosh said: “Try using toothpaste with a toothbrush to gently scrub the stains, it’s brilliant.” DON'T MISS:Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] Catherine Oattes commented: “Toothpaste works - we had the same problem with our radiators - came straight off.” Nicky Hellewell explained: “Use toothpaste, my daughter did this with her radiator and it removed it.” Lisa Forbes wrote: “Gently rub some toothpaste on the radiator with some warm water, trust me it works like a dream.” Alex Smith agreed: “Use toothpaste and watch the radiator stains disappear.” Toothpaste is great for removing stains as it contains baking soda. What’s more, It’s non-toxic when applied to heat. Britons can buy toothpaste for just 44p from Sainsbury’s, but can also be purchased from any local supermarket of a low cost. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using a magic eraser. Tracey Byrnes said: “A magic eraser should do the trick.” Cheryl Stevenson wrote: “For a no fuss solution your best option is to use a magic eraser.” Rachel Lyttle added: “Use a magic eraser, that’s all you need.”