Earlier this month, Queen Elizabeth II announced her "sincere wish" that Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall would in time be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. And in an interview with presenter Emma Barnett, Camilla has spoken about how the Queen's declaration was a "great honour". Camilla also addressed a cause she plans to support when the crown passes to Charles.  Camilla recently spoke to Ms Barnett at Clarence House for Woman's Hour and BBC Breakfast, where she was reunited with Diana Parkes, whose daughter Joanna Simpson was killed by her husband in 2010. Camilla said: "Of course it's a great honour (becoming Queen Consort), it couldn't be anything else. But it does help it. "I'm going to keep up with these causes. You know if I start something like this, I'm not going to give up mid-channel, I'm just going to keep going to try and help the likes of people like Diana ... I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime." The Duchess' commitment to supporting people affected by domestic violence is well-documented, with the Duchess lending her time to several charities in this sector since joining the Royal Family.  READ MORE: Queen pressured to strip Harry of role but told to spare Andrew One domestic violence charity said the news Camilla will continue to raise awareness of the issue as Queen was a "wonderful endorsement" of charities in this sector. Ruth Davison, CEO of Refuge, told Express.co.uk: "The news that Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cornwall has pledged to continue her work for good causes when she is Queen Consort is a wonderful endorsement of the various organisations The Duchess supports. "I am not surprised to see Her Royal Highness make this pledge - her support for Refuge and other organisations across the VAWG sector is both clear and authentic. "At Refuge we have seen first-hand just how much The Duchess cares about addressing domestic abuse and Violence Against Women and Girls and we look forward to continuing our work with her to ensure as many women as possible are able to access the specialist support they need and deserve.   "Her Royal Highness helps in immeasurable ways, and we are grateful to her for her commitment." In her charitable royal work, Camilla is the patron of charity SafeLives, and the organisation is "grateful" for the Duchess' continued support of this important cause. Suzanne Jacob OBE, Chief Executive of SafeLives, said: “We are so grateful to the Duchess of Cornwall for her continued passion and commitment to ending domestic abuse, for everyone and for good. "We deeply value her ability to make survivors of abuse feel valued and listened to and we look forward to continuing our work together to make more families safer, sooner.”  DON'T MISS:Camilla: 'I’ll fight abuse for ever' [INSIGHT]Camilla's 'work on domestic violence' shows 'reassuring' body language [ANALYSIS]Crown ‘should SKIP Charles’ and go straight to William and Kate - poll [POLL] In her interview for Woman's Hour, Camilla expressed her wish that more will be done to tackle violence against women. The Duchess said: "We do need to help culture change. And I think we have to start at the beginning, I think children at school have got to be taught respect. "We have got to go back to the beginnings and... just build up this idea that you have to have respect for human beings, it's lack of respect.  "It's treating women like chattels and people thinking they can get away with it. I'm sure a lot of people do it and think that there's nothing wrong.   "I don't think (the issue of abuse has) got any better. I think the lockdown was terrible because people actually couldn't escape. And you see the numbers have gone up. "But on the other hand, I think it's drawn a lot of people's attention to it. I think it's talked about much more now." The Duchess of Cornwall's full interview aired on February 24 on Woman's Hour and BBC Breakfast.  The interview was conducted in-person around three weeks ago before Camilla tested positive for COVID-19. Women who need support can call The Freephone National Domestic Abuse Helpline, run by Refuge on 0808 2000 247 for free at any time, day or night. The staff will offer confidential, non-judgemental information and support. Further advice and signposting for people affected by domestic violence and abuse can also be found on the NHS website here. 