Neelam Basra took her newborn baby to Creffield Medical Centre in Colchester for a check-up but didn’t realise there was a new parking system in place. That error cost her when she then received a fine through the post demanding £100, and her appeals have fallen on deaf ears. The revised parking laws in place at the surgery require all drivers to register their cars on arrival. But Mrs Basra who arrived in her Nissan SUV with her husband failed to do so. Several weeks later the penalty charge for £100 arrived from a company called UK Parking Management. She appealed the fine by responding with proof from her Doctor that she had been at an appointment. READ MORE: Cyclists warned riding in the middle of the road is a ‘bit daft’ Unfortunately that evidence was ignored and the company even issued an additional fine of £60. Mrs Basra is angry at not just the level of the fine, but by having her appeal blanked. She said: “I’m just disgusted. I know the doctors and they are really good, so I don’t want to leave them [because of a parking fine]. “I’ve sent evidence to UK Parking Management, I’ve completed everything they want and they’ve just ignored it.” DON'T MISSHuge driving law changes being introduced today with millions affected [WARNING]Abandoned luxury car ship still burning at sea [SHOCKING]Motorists may be able to continue driving without licence [INSIGHT] She added: “The doctors have given evidence to prove that I was here for the appointment – it’s not as though we were parking our car illegally. “This car park company is just robbing people – patients are coming to the surgery and end up getting fined £100. “It really stresses you out, getting hit with an unfair fine – if I’m on maternity leave I can’t just afford to pay £160. “It’s just disgusting – but I’m going to fight this.” Express.co.uk has contacted UK Parking Management for comment. This month saw the Government confirm that it will cap the amount private parking companies are able to charge drivers. The maximum amount will be halved from a previous £100 to £50 under the new rules. Higher fines will remain for more serious breaches like parking in disabled bays however. The plans, which bring private parking firms more into line with the local authority system for publicly accessible car parks, will also mean that: Excessive debt collection fees for late tickets, which can be as high as £70, will be banned. Parking firms will have to more clearly display pricing and terms and conditions. Firms will have to give motorists a 10-minute grace period before they can issue a late fine. And they will need to introduce a five-minute cooling-off period in which a motorist can change their mind about parking.