Laura Kuenssberg challenged Boris Johnson on the Government's announcement that free coronavirus tests will no longer be provided for Britons. The move to axe free testing kits came on Monday amid the loosening of all remaining Covid restrictions in England. Ms Kuenssberg suggested that the scrapping of free testing could undermine guidance for people to take "personal responsibility" in tackling the virus. Ms Kuenssberg asked the Prime Minister: "You are scrapping free tests for all. But you're telling everybody they have to take personal responsibility? How can people take personal responsibility if they may not be able to afford to get a Covid test? "Even if they're trying to? Do you accept that you're giving Scotland Northern Ireland and Wales really no choice but to do the same? Because there won't be additional money for testing and to service." Turning to Sir Patrick Vallance, she added: "Sir Patrick, you know, many times you've talked about how a lack of testing early on hampered the attempts to save lives. "Now there are enough tests, but the government is no longer going to fund for your tests for all I know, You've both emphasised the need for good surveillance, but testing is being scaled back. Do you worry that in time, that could prove to be a mistake?" JUST IN: Student loses legs and fingers after eating leftover takeaway and developing deadly sepsis  At a Downing Street press conference, Mr Johnson said: "We should be clear that the pandemic is not over. "There may be significant resurgences. "Our scientists are certain that there will be new variants and it is very possible that those will be worse than Omicron. "So we will continue to protect the most vulnerable with targeted vaccinations and treatments."  During his speech to Parliament on the loosening of all remaining Covid restrictions earlier on Monday, Mr Johnson emphasised "personal responsibility" for Covid in future rather than Government restrictions to control it. The Prime Minister said: "Before we begin I know the whole House will join me in sending our best wishes to Her Majesty the Queen for a full and swift recovery. "It is a reminder that this virus has not gone away. "But because of the efforts we have made as a country over the past two years, we can now deal with it in a very different way, moving from Government restrictions to personal responsibility, so we protect ourselves without losing our abilities and maintaining our contingent capabilities so we can respond rapidly to any new variant." DON'T MISS: Boris sends boldest warning yet to Putin as PM hailed for leading West [VIDEO]Let's be courteous as Covid restrictions are lifted [EXPRESS COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [LIVE BLOG] Mr Johnson also told MPs: "Sage advises there is considerable uncertainty about the future path of pandemic and there may, of course, be significant resurgences. They are certain there will be new variants and it is very possible they will be worse than Omicron. "So we will maintain our resilience to manage and respond to these risks, including our world-leading ONS survey which will allow us to continue tracking the virus in granular detail, with regional and age breakdowns helping us to spot surges as and where they happen." Mr Johnson said the UK's laboratory networks will help them understand the evolution of the virus. He went on: "We will prepare and maintain our capabilities to ramp up testing, we will continue to support other countries in developing their own surveillance capabilities because a new variant can emerge anywhere."