The rebate scheme was announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in February, alongside an energy discount, to help Britons survive the cost of living crisis. However, it has been reported that taxpayers who set up their council tax bills through a direct debit could receive the £150 rebate sooner.   Mr Sunak confirmed that 80 percent of UK households should benefit from the £150 rebate with the one-off assistance aimed at those living in the lower bands. The package is said to cost HM Treasury £9billion with the poorest households reportedly receiving the biggest rebates. The Local Government Association recommended that households set up direct debit payments for the council taxes from April. This is said to see households receive the £150 rebate, which does not need to be paid back, sooner. READ MORE: 'Sell everything NOW before 50% crash as Putin drives nail in bull market’ - dire warning     Additionally, households are to benefit from another £200 discount on energy bills as the energy price cap is due to increase in April as well. This discount however will need to be repaid over the next five years through annual £40 payments. Eligible households in bands A to D will receive the £150 council tax rebate, including those who already receive support for this bill. Individual councils have reportedly advised their community to switch to direct debit payments in order to avoid delays with this rebate.  It has been reported that council taxpayers without a direct debit arrangement may have to wait longer to receive the rebate and undertake pre-payment checks. As well as the household assistance announced by Mr Sunak, councils have been provided with £144million in discretionary funding to better assist the most vulnerable households across the country. Due to the rising energy bills, imminent National Insurance increase and record high inflation, many households across the UK find themselves struggling financially. The energy price cap has risen once this year already and the April increase is due to rise to £1,971.  Analysts have also warned that another potential rise could be due later this year with bills predicted to reach £3,000 by the end of the year. Ofgem announced in February that energy prices would increase by £693. These estimations are expected to worsen due to the conflict in Ukraine. Compounding these rising household essentials, the Bank of England has forecast the highest inflation rate in recent memory of 7.5 percent in April.  While these increases look to eat away at household income, National Insurance hikes will erode paycheques before employees even receive them. The current cost of living is higher than it has ever been in the last 30 years, which has undoubtedly been affected by the pandemic. Speaking in the House of Commons when he announced the rebate and energy discounts, Mr Sunak said: “In total the Government is going to help around 28 million households this year. “First, we will spread the worst of the extra cost of this year's energy price shock over time. All domestic electricity customers will receive an upfront discount on their bills worth £200. “We’re going to give people £150 council tax rebate to help with the cost of energy in April and this discount won’t need to be repaid.”