The diet industry is renowned for preying on people's insecurities and has spawned an array of fads over the years. Though some of these are weight loss myths, some healthy changes can help people to shed pounds as part of a balanced lifestyle. One weight loss tip circulating online encourageS people to drink water infused with lemon juice. This low-calorie beverage is often included in diets, sometimes drank in the morning, to help promote weight loss - but does it really work? Lemon water is simply water mixed with fresh lemon juice. Some people like to add a slice of lemon into their water, while others squeeze in the juice. READ MORE: Woman loses 4 stone with 'wonderful' diet plan - 'changed my life' The drink can be enjoyed both hot and cold. If you use the juice from half of a single lemon into water, a glass has roughly six calories. Therefore, it is a very healthy alternative to fruit juices. Replacing just one of glass of juice per day with a glass of lemon water could reduce daily calorie intake by up to 200 calories. DON'T MISSJane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how [INSIGHT]NHS surgeon's six 'brutally frank' but simple diet changes to try [COMMENT]Weight loss: Top three things to do before you start your new diet [EXPLAINER] Lemon water can also help you to stay hydrated, which ultimately transports waste out of the body. Some research has shown that staying hydrated can aid weight loss. According to a 2016 study, increased hydration may increase the breakdown of fats and enhance fat loss. Drinking plenty of water can also reduce water retention, which often leads to bloating, puffiness and temporary weight gain. Keeping your water intake up can also potentially help increase your metabolism. In the 2016 study, researchers concluded that good hydration can enhance the function of the mitochondria found in cells that helps to generate energy. This can result in a metabolic boost, which may lead to subsequent weight loss. In another study, conducted in 2003, 14 participants drank half a litre of water. Drinking water was found to increase their metabolic rate by 30 percent for 30 to 40 minutes. Drinking lots of water can also keep you feeling fuller for longer. While lemon water is no better at this than just drinking plain water, the beverage certainly boasts all of the same health and hydration benefits. Due to these numerous factors, it is safe to say that lemon water certainly could hold numerous health benefits. However, ultimately, all of these benefits come from lemon water's main ingredient - the water. The key is to drink plenty of water, whether that is infused with lemon or plain, as part of a healthy, balanced diet and exercise regime.