Jurgen Klopp has agreed with Pep Guardiola that his Liverpool team need to be ‘annoying’ if they have any chance of beating Manchester City to the Premier League title. City currently sit top of the division, with a six-point lead over the Reds, though they have played a game more. A defeat to Tottenham last weekend has opened the door to Klopp’s men to regain the title they lost last season. They have the chance to close the gap to three points on Wednesday night when they host Leeds at Anfield. They must have a virtually perfect record for the rest of the campaign if they are to overtake City, who at one point looked as if they would run away with it. Guardiola though has frequently played down suggestions that his side would be able to stroll to a fourth title in five years. The City boss also views Liverpool as his side’s closest challengers, going as far as to joke they are a “pain in the a**”. JUST IN: Liverpool risk losing out to Bayern Munich on long-term Wijnaldum link Klopp has now admitted that he loved Guardiola’s description of the Reds and called on his men to live up to that reputation. “We try to be as annoying as possible, somehow, until we have a chance to overtake. I don’t know when they will be; IF that will be the case,” he said. “I think what Pep said, and maybe told me…we are a pain in the lower back, or can be (to them)...that’s a good description, and that’s how it should be. “I think we are pushing each other, I think that is how it is a little bit, it just keeps you going. There is no chance to get a bit soft, because the other one will be there immediately to catch you.” DON'T MISS: Five former Liverpool players we can't believe are still playing (INSIGHT)Liverpool's transfer gamble should serve as lesson to Man City (ANALYSIS)Liverpool cult hero Divock Origi set to spark Serie A bidding war (TRANSFERS) While he knows that Liverpool cannot afford to drop any points as they battle with City, Klopp also insisted that the most important period of the campaign is still to come. “It’s been going a while that both teams are able to do some special stuff, I have to say. And that’s with all respect, because City are doing something incredible,” the Reds boss added. “I don't forget the other teams who are pushing too. I don’t forget Chelsea, United, Arsenal, Tottenham, whoever is there. But we are pushing each other. “What I always said is, you have decisive moments of the season but it is not now, it is not February, it is March, April, rather. “So you have to be close enough to make a decision in your direction, and I don’t know if that will be the case because what we do is pretty special, and I don’t expect that to happen every week.” The Reds’ task will be difficult, given they still have to play top four challengers West Ham, Arsenal, Manchester United and Tottenham, but Klopp called on his side to keep believing. “We have to go from now on, we all know that for us it is so far not a bad season, but the decisions will be made later,” he said. “One decision at the weekend, other decisions maybe even later and we just have to make sure we are always in and around, when these decisions will be made.”