Used cars have shot up in value across the board by 30 percent in only a year as supply chain issues and a shortage of computer chips continue to hamper the car industry. Now as reported by the Guardian, one in five secondhand cars are actually more expensive than their new counterparts. Average prices on Auto Trader are up some £4,200 on average in the last six months alone. Sales of more practical cars such as SUVs and MPVs are doubling in some instances. The inability of car manufacturers to supply cars any faster than the end of this year due to semiconductor shortages and plant closures have people buying ‘nearly new’ instead. Among those selling above their brand-new equivalents are models of the Toyota RAV4 and the Volkswagen Tiguan. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique Rather than face year-long waiting lists, consumers are heading to the used market in droves, and now the average price of a car for sale on Auto Trader stands at more than £20,000. That amount has increased for a staggering 93 consecutive weeks. Ian Plummer, Auto Trader’s commercial director, said: “In terms of new cars, we estimate that probably about a million and a half cars fewer were sold in the two years of 2020 and 2021. “I think the market will still be half a million or so shorter than it would ordinarily be this year.” He added: “On top of that, more generally, there is a huge appetite for car ownership. “Supply and demand are simultaneously swinging quite dramatically away from each other. “I’m sure this will narrow over time, but it doesn’t feel like there’s going to be radical changes in either metric very quickly.” The jump in used prices has been seen globally as manufacturers struggle to meet demand. Early this year Toyota announced it would be closing production at five different plants due to chip shortages and Covid. In 2021 GM and Ford both cut production in North America, costing a combined $1.5billion (£1.1billion) in revenue. Peugeot closed several plants in France and car production in the UK had its worst year since 1956. Only luxury brands like Porsche and Bentley saw profits go up as they raised prices to meet demand. But Mike Hawes, chief executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said there was cause to look forward, mainly because of electric vehicles. He said: “2021 was another incredibly difficult year for UK car manufacturing - one of the worst since the Second World War, which lays bare the exposure of the sector to structural and, especially, Covid-related impacts. “Despite this miserable year, there is optimism. “With Brexit uncertainty largely overcome, investments have been unleashed, most of which will help transform the sector to its zero-emission future.”