Twice in recent days, Sunak has contrasted his own conduct and character with the Prime Minister's. First he said he would not have made Johnson's remark about Keir Starmer failing to prosecute Jimmy Savile. Then he made a crass pun in a newspaper article about how his mission to make the Tories the party of sound money was "the only kind of party I am interested in". In the Commons on Thursday, when Sunak was setting out help for households struggling with energy prices, backbenchers he has assiduously courted queued up to stress his "honesty". This manoeuvring for the top job by an heir apparent is not subtle but is par for the course in politics. Mr Johnson could be forgiven for thinking it ruthless. But then again he has always been in favour of people picking up the ball should it "come loose at the back of the scrum". But what Sunak and the rest of us should pause to consider is not whether he is capable of being a good prime minister - for he has demonstrated already that he is a very high calibre political talent - but whether he is ready to be and whether it is in his interests to take the reins so soon. And on this score the verdict must be highly doubtful. For starters, nobody should be in any doubt that being prime minister is a world apart from occupying any other Cabinet post, even one of the great offices of state such as Sunak holds. As the second highest profile member of the Government, Sunak might regard becoming PM as no more than one final and logical step in his effortless ascent. IF SO HE could not be more wrong. Perhaps he should ask Gordon Brown, successful for so long as Chancellor and yet overwhelmed by the vastly more complex and intense demands of being premier.  To take on the top job after just two years at the helm of the Treasury and almost no prior Cabinet experience would almost certainly highlight flaws and limitations in the Sunak brand that have not yet been discovered and not had time to be ironed out. On the one hand, to have our first non-white prime minister would lead to a flurry of excitement about the success of Britain's multi-racial society, perhaps nailing once and for all the Left's lie about our country being a hotbed of racism. But on the other, the hammering Sunak would take would be something else. Being married into a family of Indian billionaires would be held against him by Labour. At a time when so many families are facing a cost-of-living crisis, his private wealth would be highlighted again and again as opposition forces sought to depict him as out-of-touch. And taking over at such a difficult time and when an election is not due for more than two years would almost certainly see the shine taken off him by the time polling day arrived. If there is one question mark about Sunak that we are entitled to have it is whether his performance in high-level politics, sure-footed as it has been, has not also been rather bloodless and overly calculated. He came out for Brexit in 2016 yet played almost no part in campaigning for it - hence signalling his credentials to grassroots Tory members while not unduly upsetting his then party leader David Cameron.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea As Boris Johnson's Chancellor, he has been at times effusive in his praise for the PM. And yet now Johnson is up against it, Sunak is generally reluctant to be seen at his side and rather than invest personal political capital in fighting for the boss is allowing a distance to grow. It is slightly reminiscent of the way John Major - another ex-chancellor who struggled as PM - hid behind the alibi of a dental operation when failing to come out batting for Margaret Thatcher before her downfall. THIS WEEKEND Mr Sunak will have cheerleaders whispering into his ear that his time has come - most of them will have an eye on cashing in on the patronage he will be able to bestow should he become PM. But a better way forward would be to show more loyalty and come out fighting for Johnson. This PM is not finished yet and unless the inquiries into Partygate result in damning verdicts against him personally, surely he deserves at least another year to try to revive his popularity. Should he fail to do so then Sunak's time really will have arrived and he will have the prospect of calling a honeymoon election with a party united behind him. Knowing when to move is a rare political skill. But so is knowing when to wait. 