Peaky Blinders has been out of action for two years with the coronavirus pandemic disrupting filming for series six. After several delays, the wait is now over as the BBC gangster drama is coming back with a bang this weekend. Given how season five came to a close, fans are on edge to see what will happen when it returns. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders.When the Peaky Blinders were last gathered at the Garrison pub, Michael Gray (played by Finn Cole) was seeking to take over leadership of the gang from Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy). READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? This all happened before Tommy's operation to have fascist MP Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) assassinated took place. The Brummie leader had former war comrade Barney Thompson (Cosmo Jarvis) in place to shoot Mosley at the rally but the sniper was suddenly shot in the head. Aberama Gold (Aidan Gillen) killed Jimmy McCavern (Brian Gleeson) but then he was also stabbed to death, leading to Mosley making a swift getaway. This is yet another blow for the gang as it indicates there is another rat among them. The final scenes of season five ended with Tommy in an empty field, seeing his beloved dead wife Grace Shelby (Annabelle Wallis) and a black horse waiting for him. Tommy is last seen screaming into the abyss, pointing a gun at his own head. Peaky Blinders season six will make its debut on BBC One on Sunday, February 27, at 9pm. The first episode is also going to come out on streaming service BBC iPlayer with a new instalment being released each week after it has aired on BBC One. Last time, the drama was set in 1929 following the Wall Street Crash but this new series is once again going to be flung into the future into 1934. While most of the main cast will be returning, one fan-favourite who sadly isn't going to be i DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [CAST]Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders film release date: Everything you need to know  [RELEASE DATE] In April last year, it was confirmed that the 52-year-old star had died of cancer. She had not filmed any scenes for series six of Peaky Blinders before her tragic death. Actor Murphy told The Guardian: "One of the finest actors I’ve ever worked opposite. "Any material, any scene... she made it special. She could do power and vulnerability, one after the other. "She was just so cool and fun, and had such compassion for everyone she met. I was kind of in awe about how she lived her life – the way she balanced her work and her family so beautifully." 