There's a fresh alert for Windows users and this one sounds particularly scary. The new attack uses a revamped version of the infamous CryptBot bug which is fully capable of installing info-stealing malware onto Microsoft-powered PCs. Once infected, users could find their entire web browsing history and even credit card details and personal files being handed over to hackers. According to the security team at Ahn Lab, the latest and more advanced version of CryptBot is being distributed via tempting search results on Google. These are appearing when people head to the web to look for free downloads of pro software, games and blockbuster movies. To make matters worse, these malware-filled websites are constantly adapting and changing to make sure they keep targeting a swathe of different users. Another worrying change to the CryptBot bug is that it's now far better at stealing data from the popular Chrome browser. Previous versions struggled to infiltrate data from the latest versions of Chrome but that's no longer the case with it thought that the new malware can expose personal details even when the software is fully up to date. READ MORE: If Apple's next iPhone looks this good, its Android rivals should be very afraid Explaining more, the team at Ahn Lab said: "CryptBot is an infostealer that is usually distributed under the disguise of web pages that share cracks and tools. The distribution pages are exposed at the top of the search result page of search engines such as Google, so the risk of infection is high, and the number of relevant detection cases is also relatively high. "CryptBot is one of the most actively-changing malware with its distribution pages constantly being newly-created." It seems the easiest way to avoid your data falling into the hands of hackers is to avoid all types of sites that are offering access to pirated software or premium games for free. Even if you see a result on Google, it could still be a scam and being duped could leave exposed to this horrible new virus. This new threat comes just days after Windows 10 users were warned to be high alert due to the resurgence of the nasty QBot bug. This malware first reared its ugly head back in 2007, but now it's back and more terrifying than ever. According to security experts at Digital Forensics and Incident Response (DFIR), this latest threat can give hackers full access to personal files such as emails, passwords and web browsing history within 30 minutes of the initial infection taking place. The malware appears to be spreading via fake phishing emails which try to trick users into downloading the bug with subject lines that include tax payment reminders, job offers, and even COVID-19 alerts.