Kate Garraway will be returning with a new documentary this evening called Caring For Derek. This will feature more insight into her looking after her husband who was diagnosed with Covid in March 2020. As fans of the Good Morning Britain presenter will know, her husband Derek Draper has been dealing with the brutal aftermath of Covid. The former political lobbyist was hospitalised after catching the virus and put in an induced coma. He is now at home but still requires around-the-clock care. A new documentary sharing updates on his condition will air on ITV tonight. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death  Ahead of its release, Kate has been sharing insight into his condition. However, not everyone has had positive things to say about her documentary. One Twitter user named Brian Snape wrote: “I genuinely hope he makes as full a recovery as possible. “Sadly I still can’t reconcile how Derek’s alleged inability to communicate ties in with him consenting to Kate parading him in front of the public.  “That’s never sat comfortably with me.” Kate was quick to reply, as she urged him to watch the television show. She penned: “If you watch the doc tonight you will see xx.” Another follower named @o2brain wrote to her with their concerns. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [VIDEO]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm [PICTURES]   They tweeted: “I feel for Derek & Kate - but I’m 20 years post stroke with paralysis and epilepsy, and my wife is 4 years with cancer and 7 spinal fractures. “We get NO help, and have NO savings, but have to get on with life.” The GMB host then replied: “It’s for people like you that we want to shine a light on the issues & share the challenges. “Do let me know your thoughts after watching it xxx.”  In another message to her 487,000 followers, Kate shared how she was “so proud” of the documentary. She penned: “So proud of the work the doc team & @itv have done to help Derek & I shine a light on the challenges of #LongCovid & caring for a loved one. “I hope you find it helpful & do let me know what you think after watching tonight 9pm & share your stories.”  Caring For Derek airs at 9pm on ITV.