The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix remains a hot talking point heading into the 2022 F1 season and Romain Grosjean has come up with a possible solution to avoid that scenario repeating ever again. Lewis Hamilton was left heartbroken and contemplating his future in the sport after losing out to Max Verstappen in dramatic circumstances. Verstappen was the strong favourite for the title heading into the final few races of the season, until Hamilton won three consecutive races in Brazil, Qatar and Saudi Arabia to move level on points with his rival. It set up a nail-biting finish in Abu Dhabi and the title challengers locked out the front row on Sunday. Hamilton managed to get the better of Verstappen, who started on pole, to take the lead into the first corner. From there, Hamilton dominated the race as Red Bull scrambled to do everything they could to get Verstappen back in with a chance of winning. JUST IN: Fernando Alonso may anger Hamilton with comments on Verstappen title  Everything changed when Nicholas Latifi crashed, forcing a Safety Car to come out with a few laps remaining which gave Verstappen a chance to pit for new softs. It looked at one stage the race would finish under Safety Car conditions, only for Michael Masi to announce the race would restart for the final lap. Hamilton still held a slight advantage as Verstappen had five lapped cars in front of him, but Masi then controversially told the cars in between the two title contenders to pass the Safety Car and close up to one another. Mercedes were incensed with Hamilton powerless to hold off Verstappen in the final lap shoot-out. DON'T MISS  And while Grosjean admits F1 is generally unfair given the difference in performance from all the cars, he did find the Abu Dhabi drama difficult to watch. “I really felt for Lewis in Abu Dhabi,” he said on his YouTube channel. “As a spectator the last lap was super-exciting. It wasn’t fair. But is Formula 1 really fair? “Sport should be fair, meaning you all have the same chance. “Whereas if you’re in a Haas or Williams, you don’t have the same chance as a Mercedes or a Red Bull. “So everyone’s saying it’s not fair, well, Formula 1 isn’t fair, guys. “I’ve been racing 10 years in Formula 1 and I’ve had some really good cars, almost won some races and then the last few years just had no chance to win anything, not even to be able to podium. “So that’s not fair because you train as hard as everyone else, but you don’t have the same tool.” Grosjean then added what he would potentially suggest the FIA to introduce for the new season to ensure the Abu Dhabi debacle isn't repeated. He added: “Is there a solution for for the decision? Maybe you can close the pits during a Safety Car, as we do in IndyCar, and then there’s no chance for one guy to get the advantage of another one. That could be an option.”