The Duke of Sussex, 37, was joined by his cousin Princess Eugenie, 31, in California earlier this month as the pair attended the star-studded Super Bowl together. The royal cousins sat together in a private box at Los Angeles' SoFi Stadium for the sporting event. The Super Bowl 2022 was a star-studded event with many celebrities in attendance. Ben Affleck, Jennifer Lopez and Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson were among these. Will Ferrell and Ryan Reynolds also cheered on teams at the game, according to posts on social media. Other famous international faces at the Super Bowl included singer Rita Ora and her boyfriend, director Taika Waititi. Many celebrities were snapped - but only a few photos of Prince Harry and his cousin Eugenie have circulated. One snap of the pair was shared via NFL’s Twitter page, alongside the caption “Prince Harry and Princess Eugenie in the house at #SBLVI”. A similar snap from a different angle was shared by NBC. One more showed Harry alongside comedian 'Cedric the Entertainer' from inside the dressing room of the LA Rams, who beat the Cincinnati Bengals 23-20. READ MORE: Camilla reveals touching activity she shares with grandchildren The photograph shows the comedian and Harry gripping hands, while other invitees mingle in the background. Body language expert Dr Lillian Glass analysed the photos of the Duke at the event claiming they both looked “confused” as they watched the game. Dr Lillian also claims it was “odd” that Eugenie attended the event as opposed to Harry’s wife Meghan Markle, 40 – a feat evidenced by their body language. She points out this is because there are cues that Eugenie may not understand the fundamentals of American football, the same way Meghan would as an American native. DON'T MISS Kate praised for heartwarming gesture at the end of Danish visit [INSIGHT] Shoe manufacturer lays bare unusual connection Harry and Camilla have [REVEAL] Prince William 'active component' in monarchy as Queen turns to him [REPORT] She also claims the lack of official photos of the royal pair at the game, and the lack of other shots shared on social media, highlight Harry’s “irrelevancy” in the US. Dr Lillian Glass told Express.co.uk: "In the US Harry isn't considered as important or relevant as he seems to be in the UK and bringing Eugenie as opposed to Meghan [to the Super Bowl] reflects that irrelevancy.” She claims the Duke of Sussex may have acquired more press attention had his wife Meghan Markle, 40, made an appearance alongside him. She added: "It was confusing as well as suspicious that he took Eugenie to the Superbowl as opposed to Meghan. "Harry could have taken both Meghan and Eugenie to the game, so it seemed rather odd that he would not bring Meghan to such an especially high-profile event where the world would be watching.” She claims the Duchess of Sussex “would have been in her element with all the other celebs and getting the press attention” at the game. The expert claims this is because Meghan "adores the limelight". According to People, despite being a lifelong sports fan, this was Prince Harry’s first Super Bowl. He and his wife Meghan moved to the states in 2020 after stepping down as senior royals. The couple live in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet.