Andy Murray has explained that he disagrees with Novak Djokovic's decision not to be vaccinated against Covid-19, but that he felt sorry for the world No 1 in Australia. Djokovic and Murray have known each other for decades having grown up facing off each other as juniors.  And the pair have locked horns on the biggest stage as professionals over the past decade. They remain close on the tour and seemingly catch up whenever they get the chance. Both players are in action this week at the Dubai Tennis Championships, although Murray admits they've not had a chance to meet yet. It's the first tournament Djokovic is playing since he was dramatically deported from Melbourne ahead of the Australian Open.  The Serbian tennis superstar gave his most in-depth interview last week explaining his decision not to be vaccinated against Covid-19. His vaccine status has caused a stir among his peers and former pundits with some uncertainty on whether he will be able to play at this year's French Open or Wimbledon. While Murray disagreed with the treatment Djokovic received Down Under, the former British No 1 still disagrees with his rival's decision not to be vaccinated. "I've not seen him here. We exchanged a few messages while he was in Australia," Murray said.  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. "I don't agree with his decision. It would be a lot easier for him if he were to get vaccinated. "But I also didn't like seeing him in the situation that he was in. "I've known him since I was a child and I don't like seeing that. "It would be better for tennis if he were playing all of the major events."