Many social media users shared images of the strange sight yesterday after it formed in the sky above Lincolnshire. One mum, who had just left home for the school run, said "it looked like an atomic bomb had gone off". Joy Bell, who saw the mushroom cloud near Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire, said: "I was just going to pick my daughter up from school to pick her up - but what surprised me was, I just looked in the sky and it looked like an atomic bomb had gone off. It was weird. When I first saw it I was thinking, 'What on Earth is that?!' "The sky was completely blue and all nice and clear, and it's like all the clouds had formed this circle thing. It was really big. I showed the picture to my friend and said, 'Have you seen this?' and she said perhaps there was a fire somewhere. "And I said it couldn't be a fire because there was no smoke. I said, 'It's definitely a cloud', and when I took the photograph and zoomed in, I could see that it was all mist at the bottom and then cloud at the top. "It certainly made the school run an interesting one as I whipped out my camera and managed to get a good picture."  Others took to social media to share their confusion over the phenomenon, reports Grimsby Live.  One Lincolnshire resident said on Facebook: "That’s amazing! Wow ! Nature at its best." "Looking at it from my kitchen window. Hubby said it looked like a nuclear cloud," wrote another. Another resident wrote: "WOW never seen anything like that, magnificent."  It's believed the cloud is an example of a cumulonimbus clouds, which are associated with extreme weather such as heavy torrential downpours and hail storms. The Met Office website reads: "More commonly known as thunderclouds, cumulonimbus is the only cloud type that can produce hail, thunder and lightning. The base of the cloud is often flat, with a very dark wall-like feature hanging underneath, and may only lie a few hundred feet above the Earth's surface." But rain isn't forecast for Lincolnshire until Monday with the weekend expected to be settled. It'll be rather chilly though, particularly across the Midlands on Saturday. Sunday looks warmer for most regions with the mercury at 10C or above.