Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall married Prince Charles in 2005 in Windsor Guildhall before having a church blessing inside St George’s Chapel. The Queen at the time only turned up to the church blessing, as the wedding was controversial considering Prince Charles was divorced and marrying a fellow divorcee. As the head of the Church of England, the Queen could not be seen to be supporting divorce.  However, now Camilla appears to have total support from the Queen considering the monarch’s latest statement about the Duchess’ future role. Brian Hoey, a royal author and biographer spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Duchess of Cornwall and why she “must be crowned Queen”. He said: “A year ago I wrote an article saying why Camilla must be crowned Queen, however it was rejected at the time on the grounds that it will never happen. “I’m still very friendly with a number of people in the royal household, and with one person who’s at the College of Arms and he told me some years ago that it was a done deal, that Camilla was going to be Queen.  READ MORE: Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' “She had to be Queen because she is legally as we know, the Princess of Wales. “Women take the rank of the husband they are married to. “My wife happens to be a Mrs, this is because I’m not Lord or anything else. “The wife of the Prince of Wales is the Princess of Wales – it was a public relations thing because, in most people’s minds, there will be only ever one Princess of Wales and that’s going to be Diana forever.  “Even though Kate is probably going to become Princess of Wales when William becomes Prince of Wales, but it’s a different thing. “I’m not a bit surprised about Camilla becoming Queen Consort, and I think it has to be and I think it’s quite right. “I think whether you like to love or loathe Camilla, I mean she was the most vilified woman in the world at the time of Diana’s death and was certainly not universally acclaimed in 2005 when she married Prince Charles in the Guildhall in Windsor. “But I think she’s behaved quite impeccably since she married him and indeed she is the support that Prince Charles needs because out of all the people in the Royal Family I have met, he has always been the most indecisive person I've ever spoken to.  “Absolutely indecisive – and he needs someone like her! “He needs someone supportive as the way he is, and I think she is quite brilliant.” Mr Hoey believes the plans for Camilla becoming Queen have been in place for some time. He continued: “Both the Queen, plus Charles and Camilla - all of them are pragmatists and they are realists so they know what’s going to happen.  “I mean, for example, I know from this person I know in the College of Arms that they have for some time been preparing the funeral arrangements of Camilla. “They are preparing one if she dies as Princess of Wales and a different one for when she’s Queen, then it would be a full state funeral. “And she knows this because she’d be involved in it, I mean they probably have arrangements already for William and Harry as well. “They have got to, as this is the way the royal household works.” 