Russia itself has seen its currency emerge as one of the biggest casualties with the ruble tumbling as far as 10 percent against the dollar. On Friday some loss was regained, though the Russian currency remains at its lowest point since 2016. Countries in the surrounding area or with economic ties to Russia have also seen a sell-off in their currencies. Both the Polish zloty and the Hungarian forint fell around four percent with the Czech koruna taking a slight dip.  The Euro meanwhile fell to its lowest against the dollar since 2020, dropping from 1.14 at the start of the week to 1.12. The Eurozone receives around 40 percent of its natural gas supplies from Russia making it particularly vulnerable to any major disruption to energy exports. One particularly exposed economy is Germany which in response to the escalating situation announced a halt on the Nord Stream 2 pipeline connecting the continent with Russia. Germany's Dax exchange has been hit badly, down around five percent this week.  Although less dependent on Russian gas, the uncertainty has also hit British currency markets with the pound down to 1.34 to the dollar compared to 1.36 at the start of the week. Matthew Ryan, Senior Market Analyst at Ebury, commented: "We expect risk-off trading to dominate the narrative in (Foreign Exchange) for a little while yet. "The Japanese yen and US dollar are likely to receive additional support in the immediate-term, as tends to be the case during periods of worsening sentiment. "We also see less of an impact of the crisis on Federal Reserve policy than we do for the European Central Bank, which may weigh further on EUR/USD."  John Hardy, Head of FX Strategy at Saxo Bank, described the euro as "most at risk of economic damage on the potential impact of sanctions and further deleveraging." Attention is now focused on what the European Central Bank (ECB) might do next. So far the bank had been steering away from a tightening of monetary policy such as raising interest rates. In recent weeks comments from senior members, including the bank's president Christine Lagarde, had indicated the potential for a tougher stance with inflation acknowledged to be more persistent than previously thought.   DON'T MISS: How will Ukraine crisis affect UK cost of living? [EXPLAINER]Ukraine crisis send inflation soaring over 8% [LATEST]German Dax plummets as economy intrinsically linked to Russia [INSIGHT] Shane O'Neill, Head of Interest Rate Trading at Valdius Risk Management, told Express.co.uk: "The issue facing the EU is huge because they will have inflationary pressures... but hiking isn't going to change the situation in the Ukraine." "Hiking rates isn't going to reduce inflation from a limited supply of gas, but what it will do is curb other areas of growth." "You could end up having a double whammy of hiking rates adding fuel to the fire rather than easing inflationary pressures."