The state pension age is not the only rule in place which restricts when Britons can access their pension. People should also be aware of the Normal Minimum Pension Age (NMPA). The Normal Minimum Pension Age is the earliest age that most people are allowed to draw from their personal pensions. Breaches of the NMPA could lead to people facing a financial penalty. Those who draw money from their private pension too early may be slapped with an unauthorised payment charge. READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP Currently, the NMPA sits at age 55. However, an increase is set to be brought in which will force Britons to wait an additional two years to draw from their pension pot. On April 6, 2028, the NMPA will rise to age 57. DON'T MISSNatWest is offering ‘tempting’ 3% interest on savings plus £150 in cash [BANKING]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [INSIGHT]State pension: 500,000 Britons will not get increase in April due to frozen pensions [WARNING] The intent of increasing the NMPA is to keep it in line with rises in life expectancy in the UK. People who had hoped to take an early retirement could be affected by the changes, as they may have to alter their plans. However, not everyone will be impacted equally, as a large number of people will not be able to afford an early retirement, whether it be at age 55 or 57. As the changes do not kick in until 2028, anyone who reaches age 55 before then could avoid the increase and still draw from their retirement savings at age 55. Members of the police force, firefighters and the armed services have a protected pension age, so will not be impacted by the increase. The NMPA rise is likely to fall in line with the next state pension age increase. The state pension age is different to the NMPA as it dictates when Britons can access their state pension, rather than their private pension. The next state pension age hike is on course to kick in between 2026 and 2028. This increase to the state pension age will take it from 66 up to 67. It is then scheduled to rise once more to 68 by 2046.