On Monday, the Russian President convened an unscheduled meeting with his security council in Moscow amid increasing tensions between Moscow and Kiev. The meeting was to decide whether Russia would recognise two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine as sovereign states. In recognising the independence of the People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, Russia has officially given up on the 2015 peace deals that recognise Ukraine's sovereignty over the territory. It also gives Russia a pretext to send troops to the separatist-held areas. However, an analyst, Forrest Rogers, has claimed Mr Putin signed the agreement almost two hours prior to the "important meeting". Mr Rogers' analysis shows the various times of the watches of those who attended the important meeting. In his Twitter thread, he wrote: "The meeting was broadcast at 5pm. "But what time was it really held? "Let's look at some participants' watches. "Sergei Shoigu & Sergei Lavrov prep at 11:45. READ MORE: Putin's next move sparks horror as Xi BACKS Russia "Then we have Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin all prim and proper at 12:10. "Followed yet by another Sergei, Secretary of Defense Sergei Shoigu, clocking in at 12:46." Mr Rogers even shared images of the Russian President claiming Mr Putin had "already signed the agreement almost two hours prior at 10.15am". He continued: "Putin even signed the document in the presence of the leaders of the self-proclaimed Donetsk and Lugansk People’s Republics, Denis Pushilin and Leonid Pasechnik. DON'T MISS 'It'll never be Russia!' Putin braces for years-long battle with West [COMMENT] Putin and China rub hands with glee as UK implodes [REVEAL] Russia: US orders diplomats’ families depart Kyiv embassy [INSIGHT] "And their watches, you might ask? 10:15 and 10:17." In response to Russia's decision to recognise the separatist regions, Boris Johnson said: "This is plainly in breach of international law, it's a flagrant violation of the sovereignty and integrity of Ukraine. "I think it's a very ill omen and a very dark sign." Overnight, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “We are not afraid. "We won’t cede anything. “We are committed to peace and diplomacy. "We are on our land, we are not afraid of anyone or anything, and we will not give anything to anyone, and we are sure of that. “It’s not February 2014, but February 2022." US secretary of state Antony Blinken also warned there is a "strong likelihood" of air travel disruption. He said: “There is a strong likelihood that any Russian military operations would severely restrict commercial air travel. "Russian troops have continued to move closer to the border in what looks like plans for an invasion at any moment.”