There are an estimated over 700,000 young carers currently in the UK. While they may not be eligible for all the same benefits as unpaid adult carers, Carers Trust and the NHS reveal where they can turn to in a worst case scenario. A young carer is someone under the age of 18 who takes on caring responsibilities, usually for a relative that has a disability, illness, mental health condition or problem that means they cannot look after themselves fully. These young carers often end up juggling school and full-time caring responsibilities, meaning their own wants and needs as a child often go unfulfilled. Someone fulfilling this role as an adult is known as being an unpaid carer and they are usually entitled to Carer’s Allowance if they meet the eligibility criteria. This gives unpaid carers over the age of 16 £67.60 per week from the Department for Work and Pensions while young carers cannot claim it.  Carers Trust recommended a range of resources for young carers looking for general advice in their unique situation. They recommended the Booklet for Young Carers saying it “has been developed for young carers by young carers and covers topics such as looking after yourself, growing up as a carer and dreaming about your future". Other recommended places to look for guidance included:  The NHS also provides guidance for young carers on their website, most of which includes assistance on how to deal with a full-time school career alongside caring responsibilities. The NHS advised that students who end up missing lessons or struggling with deadlines because of their responsibilities at home should “talk to a teacher about what you do at home so that they can understand what is happening and give you more help.” Due to the pressures at home, many young carers find school is an escape where they can feel like a normal child. However, juggling friends, family, expectations, homework and grades as well as caring can be incredibly difficult and taxing on their mental and physical health. Some schools offer additional help for young carers, such as: The NHS also recommended that young carers “put aside some time each day to do something you enjoy”. With regards to socialising, there are a variety of projects and events to help young carers connect with each other, making relationships easier with people who understand what they are going through. This can include evening clubs, days out, weekends away and usually offer advice or information as well. The Children’s Society runs the Young Carers Festival and funds most of these projects. KIDS is also a great option for young carers as they run regular clubs for carers under the age of 18 offering support, advice and information. Action for Children has free places for young carers at their residential activity camps as well.