Tesco is the latest supermarket to issue a food recall. A food recall is when there is a problem with a product meaning it should not be sold. Instead, it is withdrawn - taken off the shelves - and customers are then asked to return the product to the store. Here are all the details. Tesco is recalling Tesco Hog Roast Style Pork with Apple Sauce. The product is currently £4, but is on offer as part of a Clubcard deal; any two for £6 on selected Tesco meat products 320g-502g. The product is being recalled because the crackling crumb sachet within the pack may contain Salmonella. Symptoms caused by salmonella usually include fever, diarrhoea and abdominal cramps. READ MORE: Burger chain Wendy's expands as new UK branch to open within days The product details are: The pack size is 425g. Use by dates of March 8, 2022 and March 9, 2022. As for what action Tesco are taking, not only are they recalling the above product, but they have also issued a recall notice to its customers. DON'T MISS...Pippa Middleton house: Inside the £17m London property with 5 floors [PICTURES]Princess Victoria of Sweden ‘not allowed to wear’ certain tiaras [INTERVIEW]Michael Mosley: Eat eggs for breakfast for ‘rapid weight loss’ success [EXPERT] This notice explains to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product. If you have bought the product, Tesco asks: “Please do not use this product. “Instead return any affected product to the store where a full refund will be given. “No receipt is required. “Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused. “If you require further details, please contact Customer Services directly on 0800 505 555.” About product recalls and withdrawals: “The Food Standards Agency (FSA )issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. “In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. “This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers.”