Channel 4 News visited Dnipro where they found hundreds of people collecting glass bottles to turn them into improvised weapons against the invading Russian army. Many of them called Molotov cocktails - an improvised bomb made with flammable material in a bottle - "Putin's smoothies" with one teenager saying she would use them despite her mother's warning against it. The young girl then broke down on camera as the emotional trauma of the conflict hits the youth the hardest. A girl by the name of Anastasia spoke with Channel 4 News about her experiences and what she and many other Ukrainians were doing to try and halt the Russian invasion. When asked if she would throw one herself, she replied: "Yes, personally yes, but my mother is against this... but..." Anastasia began to well up as she was asked why she would throw the bomb as she struggled to express her feelings about the invasion. The video then showed hundreds of bottles piled together as they are filled with petrol, alcohol, or any other material which would burn. Sky News reported people were putting in styrofoam so the bomb can stick to its target. The Ukrainian Ministry of Defence issued recipes for Ukrainians to create bombs to defend the country against Russian troops. Ukrainian civilians have been filmed attempting to disrupt and slow down the Russian invasion with a video emerging of a Ukrainian man attempting to stop a tank column by using just his hands. Another video showed a Ukrainian man mock a Russian tank driver by offering to tow him back to Russia after his tank broke down due to lack of fuel.  Many civilians have also been bringing in supplies such as food, water, blankets, and sleeping bags.  Talks are being held between Russia and Ukraine with the aim of negotiating a ceasefire. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is urging the European Union to grant his country "immediate" membership. He said "Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing. I'm sure it's fair. I'm sure it's possible." Mr Zelenskyy also urged Russian soldiers to lay down their weapons during a video statement. He said: "Abandon your equipment. Get out of here. Don't believe your commanders. Don't believe your propagandists. Just save your lives." Russia is feeling the squeeze as Western economic sanctions tighten around the country with the value of the Rouble now in freefall as interest rates soar. 