It comes as immigration lawyers in the US say they have “never been so busy” processing applications for political asylum from Russians determined to avoid a mandatory military draft. Demand is set only to increase over the coming days – possibly even weeks – as people become more fearful of fighting a war in which they want no part. Hundreds of thousands of Russian men between the ages of 18 and 27 are already conscripted each year. Now, reports from Moscow suggest a new form of conscription is being drawn up. Anton Barbashin, Editorial Director at Riddle Russia, said in a post on Twitter: “According to TV Rain… numerous people across Russia of all ages are being called to enlisting offices. “Reportedly Russians are being proposed to sign military contracts and/or join the reserves.” UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace suggested this morning, on Monday, the Kremlin may be seeking further force given its invasion of Ukraine is “not on schedule”. He told Sky News Putin’s forces “are in some significant areas of disarray”, adding the invasion is not having the “strategic impact” Moscow hoped it would. The latest intelligence update from the Ministry of Defence also said “the Russian Armed Forces has for the first time been forced to acknowledge suffering casualties”. Reports do, however, suggest a sizeable proportion of existing Russian units have yet to be deployed in Ukraine. READ MORE: Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 Writer Ben Judah described the move to conscript more Russians as “extremely worrying”. Reporter Melissa Chan added it gave the impression “Putin would [not] take a face-saving off-ramp even if the other side provides him one”. If reports are correct, thousands more Russians are likely to attempt to leave their country, and fast. Ekaterina Mouratova, a Russian-American immigration lawyer based in Miami, last week told the Telegraph: “We have never been so busy. But the number is going to skyrocket. DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] “I have got tons of emails in the last few days – hundreds. “They are mostly men between 20 and 55 who are asking if they can get protection from the US if Russia does a mandatory military draft. “These people do not want to go to war.” Russia is attempting to drum up support by suggesting opposition from the West – currently in the form of sanctions – has been a product not of anger with the invasion of Ukraine but of a deeper hatred of the Russian people. Russian journalist Vladimir Solovyov is recently reported by Francis Scarr of the BBC to have told viewers of his Russia-1 television programme: “The West has now stopped being shy and is already imposing sanctions, not on Putin and his circle, not on the oligarchs, but specifically on Russians. “It's been a long time since we've seen such a level of hatred towards our citizens or just people with Russian names.” Max Seddon from the Financial Times put this in plainer language: “Here’s how state TV is spinning it to Russians: the west is sanctioning you just because of who you are.” Whether this will be enough to encourage Russians to stay in their country and fight if asked (or, rather, told) is yet to be seen. But reports to date are not positive for the Kremlin.