The Godfather was released 50 years ago, but what is often called the greatest film of all time would be nothing without the novel of the same name it was based on. Mario Puzo penned the Mafia book in 1969, before adapting his work for the big screen alongside director Francis Ford Coppola, for which both would earn Oscars. Both the novel and the movie had a character called Johnny Fontane, a singer, played by Al Martino, who was the godson of Marlon Brando’s Don. Fontane was inspired by Frank Sinatra, who had been investigated by the FBI for his alleged relationship with the Mob – rumours the crooner struggled to shake off. These even included that he broke contract on the threat of violence from his Mafia thug friends. When The Godfather was published, the singer didn’t sue for libel but was enraged by the comparisons. Sinatra would meet Puzo in Chasen’s in West Hollywood where he initially refused to even speak to the writer out of sheer disgust. Writing in New York Magazine in August 1972, Puzo said how his famous millionaire pal told Sinatra: “I’d like you to meet my good friend, Mario Puzo.” However, the singer didn’t even look up from his plate and replied coldly: “I don’t think so. I don’t want to meet him.” The mystery millionaire then apologised to Sinatra for upsetting him and Puzo awkwardly tried to say that this introduction had not been his idea. The furious crooner replied: “Who told you to put that in the book? Your publisher?” Puzo, who died in 1999, claimed that Sinatra then “started to shout abuse” at him. Puzo wrote in 1972: “I remember that, contrary to his reputation, he did not use foul language at all. The worst thing he called me was a pimp, which rather flattered me since I’ve never been able to get girlfriend to squeeze blackheads out of my back, much less hustle for me.” Sintra raged: “If it wasn’t that I was so much older than you, I’d beat the hell out of you.” The Godfather writer continued: “What hurt was that here he was, a northern Italian, threatening me, a southern Italian, with physical violence. This was roughly equivalent to Einstein pulling a knife on Al Capone. It just wasn’t done. Northern Italians never mess with Southern Italians except to get them put in jail or get them deported to some desert island.” DON'T MISSThe Godfather: Real reason Marlon Brando cast over Laurence Olivier [MARLON BRANDO]Marlon Brando: The Godfather restored for 50th anniversary WATCH [THE GODFATHER]'Frank Sinatra hated Marlon Brando, had mobsters threaten to kill him [FRANK SINATRA AND MARLON BRANDO] Sinatra was doing all this while not even looking up from his plate as Puzo stared at him taking the verbal abuse. The Godfather creator added: “Finally, I walked away and out of the restaurant. My humiliation must have showed because he yelled after me, ‘Choke. Go ahead and choke.’” The Godfather returns to cinemas this weekend in a 4K 50th anniversary restoration.