Fears of a global conflict have escalated as Russian President Vladimir Putin sent tanks rolling into two rebel-held regions of Ukraine after declaring that they were independent. This prompted Ukraine to declare a state of emergency as Russian forces surround the borders of the former Soviet state. In the midst of this crisis, Chilling maps show what would happen if Glasgow was to be targeted by a Russian nuclear bomb if east-west tensions result in World War 3.  Nukemap, a site created by science historian Alex Wellerstein, shows that if Russia was to use a Topol (SS-25) - a missile already in its possession - it could kill over 66,000 people and injure nearly 285,000 others if it was dropped on the major Scottish city. The site warned that a weapon of that size, at 800 kilotons bursting over the air in Glasgow, would create a maximum fireball radius of 0.88 kilometres. It also warned that “anything inside the fireball is effectively vaporised” The blast range of the weapon would engulf the entire city, with towns like East Kilbride, Paisley, Clydebank being caught in the thermal radiation radius.  People within this zone would suffer from “third-degree burns” that extend throughout the layers of skin. According to Nukemap, these burns are “often painless because they destroy the pain nerves. “They can cause severe scarring or disablement and can require amputation.” The site also warned of there is a “100 percent probability for 3rd-degree burns at this yield is 11.2 cal/cm2.” READ MORE: Putin's Ukraine threat is close call for nuclear conflict Ms Sturgeon slammed Russia for its actions in Ukraine earlier this week. In a statement, she said: “The Scottish Government unreservedly condemns Russia’s actions, which are in flagrant violation of international law and which further destabilise an already volatile situation. “The Scottish Government calls for an immediate cessation of such aggressive activities, with an assurance of the protection of all civilians within Ukraine. “We offer our unqualified support for Ukrainian independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity and to the people of Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Xi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REVEAL] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [MAPPED] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT]  This comes as Mr Putin oversaw major air, sea and land-based nuclear missile drills on Saturday, which involved multiple practice missile launches. The Kremlin confirmed that hypersonic ballistic missiles, cruise missiles, and nuclear-capable ballistic missiles were among those fired as part of “planned exercises”. The Nukemap shows UK and US missiles could cause just as much damage to Russia should they be used. The W-76 - a weapon in the UK's and France's arsenal - could kill 250,000 and injure one million more, according to the map. READ MORE: Putin boasts of ‘unparalleled’ hypersonic missiles ready to launch