Premier Inn is one of the UK’s most recognised hotel companies and is launching a big sale ahead of Valentine’s Day to help Britons plan the perfect getaway. With low prices available at top locations, don’t hesitate to book the sale now. Whether you’re planning to take a small getaway or want to gift your loved ones with a unique present, Premier Inn is now offering hotel rooms from just £39 up. Available at hotels across the UK and Europe, find scenic stays in the country or city and book now to secure the cheapest rate. With over 800 hotels, there are around 85,000 rooms nationwide and stays are available from now until spring. Central London rooms can be booked for £79 on selected dates. In addition, elevate your holiday by choosing Premier Plus rooms in selected hotels. Customers can also save up to 20 percent off Premier Inn’s Meal Deal and enjoy a two-course dinner and drink and its famous buffet breakfast from just £23.99. Book the sale directly here at Premier Inn. The cheapest rate will be the non flexible rate, but if you’re unsure of plans changing then book the flexible rate. With Valentine’s Day arriving, Premier Inn has found the most popular booking destinations for a romantic getaway. The most popular destination for a romantic British trip is York and travellers can book a stay in the classic city at the York City Blossom St South Premier Inn. The second spot was surprisingly taken by Wolviston and travellers looking to visit the beautiful village can book a night at Wolviston/Wynard hotel. Other top spots include Aviemore and St Andrews, where Prince William famously met his wife Kate Middleton. Travellers can stay in both the Aviemore Premier Inn and St Andrews Premier Inn here. The fifth most popular destination is central London’s theatre district. A great date night option, book a stay at the Premier Inn in Covent Garden and enjoy a classic theatre and dinner experience. Other locations on the list include Watford, Edinburgh, Isle of Man and Bath. Find all of Premier Inn’s locations here. Don’t forget to book early to secure dates and cheap prices. Book Premier Inn sale here.