UPDATE TWO: As predicted GAME has opened orders for the PS5 once again today (Friday February 18) with a restock going live after 9am. The GAME PS5 restock includes the standalone Disc console as a purchase option along with a range of bundles including Horizon Forbidden West. Pre-orders are available today with the latest GAME PS5 stock having a release date of February 25 2022. UPDATE: Time is running out for GAME to release its next PS5 restock, which is rumoured to be dropping this week. We could see a GAME PS5 restock on Friday February 18 between 9am and 11.30am. If a PS5 restock does come then it will follow hot on the heels of a recent Smyths Toys drop which became available this week but sold out fast. ORIGINAL: GAME is rumoured to be gearing up for another PS5 UK restock this week. It had previously been rumoured that GAME would be taking orders for the PS5 once again between February 8 and 10. However, after those dates came and by went without more PlayStation 5 stock dropping at the high-street retailer's website it's now believed the GAME PS5 restock time and date will either be Thursday February 17 and Friday February 18 between 9am and 11.30am UK time. This news comes courtesy of the ever reliable @PS5StockAlertUK tracker account, who highlighted how the GAME PS5 order hub has been updated recently. In the run-up to the hugely anticipated Horizon Forbidden West release date on Friday GAME has updated its PS5 order hub to add bundles that include Aloy's latest adventure. The @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter account posted: "New Details on PS5 Restock Confirmed for GAME". While in an article online the PS5 stock experts also said: "Stock Checker can confirm that if you select our Priority Insured delivery method (details can be found on the product page) your order will be shipped by February 22nd.  "All other delivery method orders will be shipped by February 25th which indicates a stock drop for pre-order availability between the 16th and 18th of February around 9am-11:30am. "Once the drop is live, this will be proven further, as the dates on the bundles page will also be updated to 25/02/22 rather than the current 18/02/22." So, while plenty of PS5 purchase options - at the time of writing - show a February 18 pre-order release date it looks like this instead is going to be February 25. If you're hoping to pick up a PS5 during the next GAME stock drop then there's a few things gamers in the UK need to know.  Firstly, if you're able to it's best to use mutliple devices to tackle a GAME PS5 restock. So that means logging on to the GAME website using your smartphone, tablet and laptop. Also, this may seem counter intuitive but with past restocks GAME customers have found its quicker to actually use Guest checkout instead of logging in with a dedicated GAME account. And finally, individual PS5 Disc and Digital consoles are the ones to sell out the quickest - so it's best to opt for a bundle instead which is likely to stay in stock longer, thus increasing your chances of actually securing a coveted PS5 order. 