On NBC’s thrilling series The Blacklist, Amir Arison starred as Aram Mojtabai, the Special Agent Strategic and Tactical Technician for the Task Force. Away from the scenes, Arison held a special Instagram Live with actresses Karina Arroyave who played Mierce Xui and Diany Rodriguez who portrayed Weecha Xui, where he opened up about a heartbreaking moment from the season.  During the chat, the actor asked Karina and Diany what it was like working with James Spader who played the lead character Reymond ‘Red’ Reddington. He said: “All of your scenes are with James, for both of you, I know Diany you’ve gotten to interact with a bunch of other people and you go off and do your own things sometimes. “Both of you have constant scenes with James and with each other … all your scenes are amazing and fans went crazy for you in the last episode Karina. “That scene was incredible, you guys are special on the show and we’ve only seen James with romance just a little bit.”  READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene Arison added: “He had a special romance last season with LaChanze and my heart broke when the character,” the actor stopped himself and quipped: “I don't want to give too much away.” He continued: “For it to be a totally different, believable, intimate, sensual, sweet, heartbreaking relationship and Weecha is standing there calm, cool and observing.” The heartbreaking moment Arison was referencing was during episode eight when Mierce dumped Red and said an emotional goodbye. While it's uncertain if she will return for season 10, it's safe to say their romance was officially over.  The two first met during the two-year time jump after Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) death, when Red went into hiding with Mierce and her sister Weecha. Although he had employed the two, episode five dropped a major clue which suggested Mierce and Red were romantically involved. Weecha was hired to be his bodyguard whereas Mierce was supposed to safeguard his body and soul. While she looked quiet and petite on the outside, Weecha proved her capabilities as a bodyguard during the episodes titled ‘The SPK’ and ‘The Avenging Angel’.  DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT]The Blacklist's James Spader set for TV tell-all interview [NEWS] The Blacklist season 9: Weecha and Aram for romance? ‘Don’t know' [THEORY] Elsewhere, Mierce was doing her all to ensure Red was moving on from the heartache of Liz’s death, however, her efforts weren't being reciprocated. Instead, she soon discovered he was too consumed by Liz’ death in an unhealthy way, he showed no signs of wanting to move forward so she decided to leave him. Despite her efforts to help him grieve and move on, Red stayed focused on her death and spent most of his time trying to find her murderer. Mierce came to realise the obsession was taking him down a dark route and undoing the work she had put in to help him heal.  Although she urged him to let go for his mental wellbeing, he refused and went behind her back to find out more about Liz’s last moments. Red went ahead and used Vandyke's (Lukas Hassel) phone with Tadashi's (Alex Shimizu) help and was able to get more information on what happened. When he confessed to Mierce and revealed what he had done, it was the final straw and despite her warnings, she ended their romance. This was also a heartbreaking moment for viewers, who had begun to enjoy Mierce’s input and direction in Red’s life. The Blacklist season 9 continues every Thursday on NBC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced. 