New data from the comparison experts shows average car insurance premiums have increased by around £76 year-on-year in the first two weeks of February. Average rates are up from £613 last year to £689 in a move which is set to put pressure on families. The cheapest premiums available has also increased by around £51 with rates up from £519 to around £570. Alex Hasty, director at Compare the Market said the changes would affect “many households”. Particularly those “whose budgets are being squeezed” by the UK's “cost of living crisis”. He said: “Motorists will be concerned that the cost of car insurance has jumped from last year. READ MORE: Almost 14 million UK drivers risk £300 fine for 'costly mistake' “Our figures show drivers will now have to pay an average of £76 more for their policy. “This increase will put yet more financial pressure on many households whose budgets are being squeezed by the cost of living crisis with rising inflation, surging energy costs, and higher petrol prices. “For any drivers who are worried about this upswing in car insurance prices, we recommend shopping around for a cheaper deal ahead of your renewal. “Motorists could typically save more than £100 by switching to one of the cheapest insurance providers which could offset the increase in premium costs or be put towards fun things like a cinema trip and a meal out with friends and family.” DON'T MISSCar insurance prices could rise as a result of Highway Code changes [INSIGHT]New driving laws may affect car insurance ‘over time’ [COMMENT]Driverless car rule changes will lead to ‘rapid and efficient’ payouts [ANALYSIS] The data shows average savings for switching policies has slightly increased in 2022. Last year, drivers could save an average of £84 for switching providers but this is now up to £119. MoneySuperMarket has also reported an increase in car insurance rates compared to last year. They claim drivers have reported seeing increases of around £49 on average. Regionally, drivers in London reported the biggest average price rises with a £79 increase. This was followed by an average £61 rise in Northern Ireland and £60 increase in the East Midlands. The news comes just months after the FCA introduced new rules to car insurance firms. The changes mean insurance firms are banned from price walking, where costs are gradually increased for existing customers while offering low rates to new ones. The FCA said the new rules would save consumers around £4.2billion over the next 10 years.