 Élizabeth Bourgine first appeared in Death in Paradise in 2011 and plays one of the island’s local treasures Catherine Bordey. Her popular character has spent most of her adult life on the island of Saint Marie, working between the popular beach-front bar in Honoré and acting as a Mayor, managing the everyday running of the island. Although the French-born actor has worked on the show since day one, the BBC series has gotten through several different detectives, sergeants and police officers over the years, but the TV star has revealed whether she plans to call it quits on the crime drama.   In a recent interview, the 64-year-old actor gushed over the importance of her character who is at the “heart” of the series. She stated: “I think Catherine has to stay. “She’s the heart of the village, you know? “Anything can happen and she will be there, she’ll see it and put the pieces together," the TV star added. READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? Chatting to HELLO! for Under the Palms, Élizabeth protested: “She loves the people, she loves her island, she can’t leave the show!" The actor continued: "I love Catherine because she’s smart, she’s a lady over 50 like you’d dream one to be!" Besides Élizabeth, leading actor Ralf Little has also expressed his love for the show and confirmed whether he will also be making a return as DI Neville Parker for the upcoming season. In the season 11 finale, which landed on Friday evening, the policing team were tasked with solving a murder that had taken place during a chess match. After the tense episode, Death in Paradise fans had been sat at the edge of their seats and expect a swift return of its twelfth outing. Ralf, who first appeared in Death In Paradise back in 2013, had shared an update with his social media followers on Friday amid rumours he would be making a comeback. He tweeted: "Thanks to everyone for watching @deathinparadise series 11. "It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I’ll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12." During his recent appearance on Saturday Kitchen, the star beamed: “I feel like it's a massive privilege to do the show, but it's, as we talked about earlier, the fact that eight million people watch it. I love the show, I absolutely love it.” Meanwhile, in the show’s latest instalment, journalist Maggie Harper (played by Orla Brady) had questioned chess grandmaster Julius Rotfeld (David Sibley) ahead of his next tournament. While the chess game was in full swing, Julius, who was playing against Lucas Magnussen (Anders Hayward), started struggling to breathe and collapsed. In a shock twist, Neville and his detective team had unearthed a huge clue that indicated the deceased had been poisoned but the killer was still a mystery. Another surprise revelation was uncovered by Catherine Bordey (Elizabeth Bourgine) who discovered Maggie was Commissioner Selwyn Patterson's (Don Warrington) ex-wife. Since the departure of Josephine Jobert, who played DI Florence Cassell, some members of the BBC audience were left disappointed that one of their much-loved characters had bid farewell to the show. When asked about her character’s departure, the TV actor said: “Yeah, she's been through a lot and she's been shot once, almost died the second time. “She lost her husband and is still grieving, but I mean, she's getting better and better.