Leoaai Elghareeb, 37, carried a bucket containing hypodermic needles through three supermarkets in west London on August 25, 2021. Elghareeb, a solicitor, was seen on CCTV footage shown to Isleworth Crown Court entering a Sainsbury’s Local on Fulham Palace Road in Hammersmith, between 7 pm and 8pm. In the footage, Elghareeb approaches the readily-prepared food section of the shop before jabbing a syringe into the products. Walking into another section of the shop in an American-sports-style top, Elghareeb holds what appears to be a second syringe between his teeth. He then entered a nearby Tesco Express and Little Waitrose before police arrived on the scene after receiving reports of a man throwing eggs and syringes filled with blood. The supermarkets incurred nearly £500,000 in losses, chucking away all products as an anti-contamination measure. Elghareeb denies three counts of contaminating goods and two counts of assault, relating to physical contact with security guard Bilal Ansari and throwing a needle in the direction of a doctor. Elghareeb allegedly yelled at Mr Ansari: “You are all vile people and Sainsbury’s is vile”. Prosecuting, Philip Stott told the court: “In short, what happened is this: in the early evening of a late summer's day last year, Mr Elghareeb walked down the Fulham Palace Road in West London carrying a bucket. “It was filled with syringes, some of which had hypodermic needles attached. READ MORE: Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm “A number of those syringes were filled with blood - his own. “Mr Elghareeb then entered, in turn, three supermarkets on the Fulham Palace Road - in order: they were Waitrose, Sainsbury's and Tesco - and he proceeded to stick those syringes in food products inside those branches of those supermarkets. “Along the way, he also threw some of the syringes at people inside and outside the store including hitting a passerby on the street.” He continued on to describe how Elghareeb stared down the doctor as he walked down Fulham Palace Road, and threw a syringe at her as she passed by him. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [INSIGHT] Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [ANALYSIS] Ukraine LIVE: 'Putin starting war!' Biden dramatically breaks away [LIVE] The court heard how the syringe struck the doctor in the chest. Mr Stott told the court: "Fortunately, the syringe had no needle attached to it, and it just bounced off her without causing any injuries." She then engaged other people in the street, who were collecting the syringes from the pavement, and called the police. Staff at the supermarkets requested all customers in the stores at the time left their items and evacuated the premises. Before being arrested, Elghareeb passed a tapas bar named Avanti, launching a plant pot through the restaurant’s open door, the court was told. Consultant forensic psychiatrist, Dr Bradley Hillier, told the court Elghareeb was “severely psychotic” at the time of the incident, and incapable of seeing his actions were “legally and morally wrong”. He added: 'He was not thinking straight. He was in a situation where he was trying to escape this wrath that the psychosis had created for him. “He was so burdened and tortured, is the word he used.” A total of 21 syringes were found by the supermarkets before they reopened to the public, and police officers discovered a black plastic box for syringes on Fulham Palace Road. Mr Scott told the court said the incident cost Waitrose approximately £207,000, Sainsbury's £143,000, and Tesco approximately £117,000.