It is not known which title in the Daily Mail and General Trust (DMGT) group - which includes the Metro, MailOnline and Mail on Sunday - the Duke of Sussex's reported action relates to. But it has been claimed this evening that he is planning to take the publisher to the High Court. Royal journalist Cameron Walker tweeted: "Prince Harry has launched a High Court libel action against the publisher of the Daily Mail. "It is not known which specific title or article the claim relates to." Harry's action follows a successful civil lawsuit his wife Meghan Markle brought against the publisher. It related to the Mail on Sunday and MailOnline's publication of parts of a "personal and private" letter she sent to her estranged father Thomas Markle in 2018. READ MORE: ‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed The paper argued that it was in the public interest to reveal. But last month the High Court agreed with an earlier ruling that they had breached her privacy. Meghan was awarded £1 damages for misuse of private information. In addition to this, the publisher will also pay a confidential amount in damages for having "infringed her copyright" by publishing parts of the letter to 77-year-old Mr Markle. DON'T MISS: Royal expert tells Queen watchers of concerning moment to watch for [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [REACTION] Queen facing 'tumultuous time' with 'drip-feed of negativity' [REVEALED]  The publisher is also expected to cover much of Meghan's legal costs which could run into seven figures. Royal expert Omid Scobie added: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry has filed a legal complaint against Associated Newspapers, publisher of the Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday and Mail Online." ITV Royal Correspondent Chris Ship tweeted: "The Sussexes are back in the High Court with Associated Newspapers - the publishers of the Daily Mail/Mail on Sunday. "Prince Harry has launched the libel action - but it’s currently unclear which article or story is the subject of his Complaint.  He added: "Prince Harry’s office confirms to ITV News that he has launched libel action against Associated Newspapers Ltd. "But they decline to explain any further what the Duke of Sussex is suing the newspaper group for."  Express.co.uk has contacted the Sussexes for comment.