The capital's property market proved a laggard of the soaring house prices of the pandemic as home working saw many buyers looking to move out in search of more space. However, in a reversal of trends, London saw the biggest increase in buyer enquiries of any region, rising 24 percent, in a sign of growing interest in city living. According to the data from Rightmove, February saw London prices rise six percent, taking the average house price to £667,001. The only other English region ahead of this was Yorkshire and Humber with a growth of 6.2 percent.  The data is a big change from the previous month which saw London prices dip by 1.2 percent and sees year on year growth taken to 7.3 percent, its highest since 2016. Some signs of the race for space still remain with outer London boroughs seeing some of the biggest price gains. Bromley has led the way on annual price growth, with prices rising 11.5 percent year on year, taking the average cost to £610,457. Barking and Dagenham followed with 10.8 percent growth year on year and an average current price of £361,509.  Within the inner city price changes have varied considerably with Camden seeing a six percent increase in prices in the last month, taking the average price to £989,810, while Westminster saw a -1.4 percent decline, though average prices still remain high at £1,387,019. Tim Bannister, Rightmove's Director of Property Data, commented: "As the final legal restrictions look to be ending soon, and more businesses are encouraging a return to the office for at least part of the week, we now have a group of movers who are looking to return closer to major cities, or at least within comfortable commuting distance of their workplaces." Rightmove recently reported a growing demand for office space with enquiries from businesses looking to lease now higher than pre-pandemic levels. The growth in prices in London helped push up overall housing costs for the UK with February's data seeing the biggest monthly jump recorded by Rightmove in over 20 years.  Asking prices rose by an average of £7,785 across the country taking the cost of a typical property to £348,804. Supply of stock remains a key factor pushing up prices with average stock per agent having declined from 59 properties in January last year to just 40 now. The decline in new homes coming to market is thought to be linked to people delaying plans to sell and move due to pandemic uncertainty as well as a slow down in new build homes. However Rightmove reports signs of growth here with new property listings up 11 percent compared to a year ago and rising demand for estate agent valuations.   DON'T MISS: EU financial grab could hit Eurozone 'hard' [SPOTLIGHT]Turkey's inflation and Lira crisis continues [INSIGHT]Boris urged to seize Brexit opportunities for aerospace [ANALYSIS] Ben Hudson, Managing Director of estate agent Hudson Moody, said it was now "a great time to come to market." He added: "We are starting to see the first signs of the pressure easing, and more traditional seasonal markets returning after two years of frenetic pandemic markets. "We are going out to value more properties, and seeing more new listings come to the market for sale, and we are seeing signs of a busy, but more traditional spring season.” 