Patio slabs can become faded and dirty during the winter months, leaving your garden looking dull even on a bright spring day. With the new season just around the corner, it’s the perfect time to clean up the moss and mud from your paving slabs - and there are a number of household ingredients that will do the trick. From white vinegar to baking soda, your pantry is packed with everyday items that will brighten your patio in an instant, and this is how to use them. Patio paving requires regular maintenance to keep it looking its best, yet few of us bother cleaning it during the winter. With the final few weeks of the cold season flying by, early March is a great time to begin cleaning your patio ahead of Spring - but what should you use? While routine brushing will keep the surface clear of loose dirt and garden matter, more stubborn residue will require a deeper clean to target the root of the problem. Moss, algae, lichen and other fungi will often develop when a patio is exposed to moisture - but they can all be banished in just a matter of minutes with these common household ingredients. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ White vinegar is great at lifting stubborn dirt and household stains, and it can even be repurposed in your garden too. This eco-friendly solution should be made with equal parts white vinegar and water and left to soak into the patio to correct discolouration and remove tough marks. Start by moving all plants and furniture out of the way before sweeping the area to remove moss. Use a weeding tool to lift any weeds from the patio before beginning the cleaning process. Mix together the 50/50 solution into a large watering can and distribute over the paved area. Make sure the entire surface is covered before leaving to soak for 20 minutes. While 20 minutes doesn’t seem like long, this naturally acidic solution will work wonders on tough dirt and deep-rooted grime, lifting it to the surface of the patio. Use a clean heavy-duty garden brush to sweep away the solution and work hard around the cracks and cement which joins each slab. Pour a little extra vinegar onto any remaining weeds for a natural weed-killer. Once you've finished brushing the area, wash the patio down with clean water to lift the remaining residue. Leave to dry completely before replacing furniture and ornaments onto the paving slabs. DON'T MISS:Furniture hacks: Cheap upcycling trends to try at home [REVEAL]Property: Areas to check to avoid ‘costly repairs’ when buying a home [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [LATEST] Baking soda is best used on lighter-tone stained paving slabs to brighten up any dullness. Clear your patio and brush down thoroughly to start with a semi-clean surface. Wet the paving slabs with water before treating them with this naturally powerful baking soda mixture. Pour one cup of baking soda into a plastic bowl and slowly add two cups of distilled white vinegar. Mix slowly into a creamy yet spreadable consistency and use a sponge mop to glaze the patio. Allow the paste to sit for half an hour before scrubbing well with a nylon-bristle brush. Finish by rinsing the patio with a hose or a few buckets of plain water and leave to air dry. Bleaching your patio is ideal for heavily stained paving slabs that are covered in moss and weeds. Use standard bleach and avoid toilet-specific products, as these are often designed to cling to the surface. Start by clearing as much surface moss and weeding as possible before treating the paving with diluted bleach. Dilute half a bucket of bleach with equal parts water and apply evenly to your green-tinged patio. Leave the bleach solution to work for 10 minutes before rinsing thoroughly with clean water. You might need to repeat this method for stubborn algae, but you should always take care to avoid splashing nearby plants or grass.