Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel should axe two of his first-team regulars for Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Liverpool at Wembley, according to former Blues striker Tony Cascarino. Chelsea will be aiming to win their third piece of silverware this season and fourth under Thomas Tuchel. They've already picked up the European Super Cup and Club World Cup trophies. Chelsea have spent much of this season without their first-choice wing-backs. Ben Chilwell will miss the remainder of the campaign with an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury. Reece James has been missing since December with a hamstring tear but is back in training. Cascarino believes Chelsea cannot afford to play either Cesar Azpilicueta or Marcos Alonso at wing-back, who have filled in on a regular basis in recent months. TOP STORY: Robert Lewandowski issues statement as Poland refuse to play Russia after Ukraine invasion  "Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have both struggled when playing as wing backs against Liverpool this season," Cascarino wrote in his column for The Times. "The wide areas will be crucial in this game, and Tuchel cannot afford to play two wing backs with as little pace as Azpilicueta and Alonso." Cascarino believes Chelsea should take a page out of Norwich's book following their clash with Liverpool earlier this month. The Canaries surprisingly led 1-0 early in the second half at Anfield and Cascarino says the way Norwich's full-backs exposed Liverpool is what Chelsea must attempt to do. DON'T MISSPaul Merson urges Arsenal to SELL Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe on one condition [QUOTES]Watford’s brutal mocking of Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of Manchester United clash [SOCIAL]Lionel Messi 'will return' to Barcelona as Maradona's son predicts imminent switch [QUOTES]  "Consider Norwich City’s move during their 3-1 defeat at Anfield recently," he continued. "Brandon Williams played the ball to Milot Rashica in the centre of the pitch. "With Kostas Tsimikas having left his position at full back vacant, Rashica played a ball over the top for Josh Sargent with plenty of space in front of him. "Sargent was let down by his poor touch but a better forward would have punished Tsimikas."  James is an option for Tuchel on Sunday. The German confirmed at his press conference on Friday that the England star is looking good in training. However, he is unsure if he is ready to play a full match at Wembley. "It’s a very good question," Tuchel said. "Even if I wanted to, I’m not sure I could answer your question right now. "He looked brilliant in the last two training sessions. Let’s wait another session, and see if I’m crazy enough to put him on the pitch, or if the reasonable side of me wins and we go step by step.  "It would be a huge step, but honestly yesterday and today he looked so strong and confident and involved in training, you are tempted to do it. Let’s see. "The most important thing for him and us is that he’s back and he feels so confident he can step up to this level." Replacing Alonso looks a far tougher task for Tuchel, with no other recognised left-sided player in his squad. Callum Hudson-Odoi could be an option having played in that position in the Club World Cup win over Palmeiras and was in training on Friday after an Achilles complaint.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here