Manchester United icon Patrice Evra has taken a swipe at the Red Devils' Champions League opponents Atletico Madrid ahead of Tuesday's last-16 first leg at the Wanda Metropolitano. The former France left-back, known in his post-playing career for some hilarious and bizarre social media videos, has pointed out Cristiano Ronaldo's record against the LaLiga champions.  Ronaldo enoyed plenty of success in the Madrid derby during his time at Real Madrid. He won 17 matches against Atletico - the most against any side in his career. The Portugal captain also scored 25 goals against his former rivals. Only Sevilla have conceded more goals (27) scored by Ronaldo. And Evra is confident ahead of United's clash with Atletico. He took aim at the Spanish giants in a video posted to the Old Trafford outfit's Twitter account.  "I'm feeling good, I'm feeling good," he said. "We came from good results. And Cristiano always destroys Atletico. "So I know they have got it. So I will say it's a good draw. It will be a good point [in the first leg] and then at Old Trafford we eat them alive. I love this game." Ronaldo will need to improve his recent form if he is to help United advance a trick last-16 draw and reach the quarter-final.  The 37-year-old has scored just one goal in his last eight appearances. He has managed only three goals under interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Rangnick has urged all of his forwards to be more clinical and they responded in the 4-2 victory over Leeds on Sunday. Ronaldo missed an excellent chance and failed to score at Elland Road. But the former Juventus striker's team-mates withdrew the scoring burden from his shoulders. Harry Maguire, Bruno Fernandes, Fred and Anthony Elanga scored in the big win over their rivals. DON'T MISS...Lukaku to make big career decision after Tuchel's Havertz tacticJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Alexander Isak’s stance on Arsenal move with Barcelona also keen  And Atletico boss Diego Simeone was in no doubt that his side were about to face one of the world's most in-form sides, with Rangnick losing just one of his 15 games in 90 minutes. "We're facing one of the best teams in the world in the last 14 games, if I'm not mistaken," Simeone said ahead of the game. "They've just lost [two] with the new manager Ralf Rangnick. It's given the team solidity, teamwork, commitment. "We can see what Manchester United was always like. They've evolved since the new manager arrived, they're already fourth in the league. "It's an intense, dynamic team, very brave, with very good forwards, very good footballers overall and who try to make a huge effort to try and unite the huge talents they have in 11 players. "It's going to be a very difficult game, as every Champions League game is. “But we have a lot of anticipation to play in our stadium in front of our fans and we're lucky to play the last 16 at home because we couldn't play that, we couldn't do that last year."    