Dusan Vlahovic was the name on the lips of most top European sides in the January transfer window. And the Serbian has remained in the headlines for all the right reasons after scoring on his Champions League debut. After scoring 19 goals in the opening half of the season for Fiorentina, Vlahovic seemed destined to make a move last month. With aspirations of playing Champions League football on a regular basis whilst remaining in the Serie A, the 22-year-old made a £62.8million move to Juventus – much to the disappointment of Arsenal. And Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is already seeing what his side missed out on as Vlahovic scored in under a minute on his Champions League debut. Up against Villarreal in the Round of 16, Vlahovic raced in behind the defence of Unai Emery’s side before touching down a long pass and firing a fierce strike into the back of the net. JUST IN: Arsenal legend Gilberto Silva drops hint that compatriot could join But what makes the goal more significant is that the ball nestled into the back of the net after just 32 seconds. Former England striker Gary Lineker was astounded by the opener, tweeting: “As Champions League debuts go, scoring in the first minute ain’t bad. Great start, Dusan Vlahovic.” Juventus went on to draw the match 1-1, with Daniel Parejo equalising in the 66th minute for the La Liga outfit. There was speculation that Vlahovic may have postponed his exit from Fiorentina until the summer, which certainly would have benefitted Arsenal. DON'T MISS...Man Utd dealt blow over Nkuku as RB Leipzig set eyewatering priceMan Utd punished by FA after stars surrounded referee against BrightonKane's stance on new Tottenham contract as Man City still eye star The North London outfit have every chance of securing a top-four finish this season, and thus may be able to attract the striker to the Emirates Stadium. But Vlahovic certainly isn’t regretting his decision to stay in Italy, saying earlier this month: “There were many rumours about foreign clubs, but the choice was easy because the club and I have a similar DNA. “Fight and suffer when needed. I think it’s part of my mentality as well, so the choice was not difficult. I fit in here.” With Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang joining Barcelona, Arteta will certainly need to look for alternative forwards at the end of the season. The Gunners were reportedly keen to use out of favour midfielder Lucas Torreira as part of the deal, who was on loan at Fiorentina. Arsenal were furious that they couldn’t secure the signature of their top target considering the Serie A side were playing their midfielder on a weekly basis, according to Torreira’s agent Pablo Bentacur. He told Sport890: “Now, Arsenal are a bit angry because they wanted Vlahovic. "Fiorentina wanted to sell him, but the agents said he had to go to Juventus - you always do what the player wants."