Everyone loves the opportunity to do a bit of spring cleaning when the weather heats up and the sun streams in through your windows. If you’re planning on deep cleaning your home, make sure you get into all the areas where dust and other allergens hide. Here are an expert’s tips for spring cleaning your home.  Spring is a beautiful time of year, as the first blooms open up and the sun stays up for longer. However, spring can also be the time of year when people suffer from worse allergies, as pollen in the air, as well as dust from the home, irritates their senses. Chris Wootton, managing director of cleaning business Poppies spoke to Express.co.uk about the best way for cleaners to remove hidden allergens from their home during their spring cleaning. Chris said: “The first official day of spring is just a few weeks away now, March 20. “Tree pollen will start appearing in pollen counts as early as mid-late March and those with allergies may begin to experience sneezing, itching, and other allergy symptoms. “Whether you are allergic to grass and tree pollen or even indoor allergens like dust and pet dander, spring is a good time to give your home a thorough clean from top to bottom.”  READ MORE:Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould Even if you clean your house from top to bottom, it’s easy to miss some common hiding places where dust gathers out of sight. Chris said: “One of the biggest causes of allergies are dust mites, which are tiny insects found in household dust. “Dust collects in all sorts of places in your home, some more hidden than others, and it’s not always easy to detect. “Most surfaces do, however, gather a thin layer of dust, from windowsills to bookshelves and some are more obvious than others and must also be cleaned regularly to remove the build-up of allergens.” When it comes to getting rid of dust, you should avoid using a feather duster, Chris said, as this can irritate allergies. He explained: “I recommend using a damp clean cloth to remove dust from surfaces and not a feather duster as this will release the dust back into the air to settle down elsewhere. “A damp cloth traps the dust, allowing you to get the surfaces completely clean." If you suffer from allergies or asthma, wearing a face mask while you clean can prevent you from inhaling dust from your home. In addition to cleaning all your surfaces, these are some of the areas where the most dust builds up, according to Chris.   Chris said: “They are a prime gathering spot for dust so make sure you wipe in between the slats.” You can buy special blind dusters to get between the slats, otherwise, a microfibre cloth will do the job nicely. You may not be able to see the tops of your doors, windows and wardrobes - or any other large pieces of furniture - but they can become coated in dust. Chris said: “These higher surfaces may be out of sight, out of mind, but the amount of dust they gather can be worrying.” Tackle them by standing on a chair or stepladder to reach, and use a damp cloth to trap the dust and get rid of it. Not only can these spread harmful dust in your home, but a build-up of dust on electronic devices can stop them from working properly. Chris said: “Dust can collect on and behind computers, televisions, and video game consoles. “Anything that operates electrically should be dusted regularly.” Use a microfibre cloth for these devices, or if you prefer a damp cloth, be very, very careful not to get moisture inside the appliance as this can damage the electronics. DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle & Harry show 'signals of laughter' with Princess Eugenie [ANALYSIS]  Chris said: “As dust and all of the things it’s made up of float in the air, they begin to settle on any available surfaces, which means your ceiling fans and light fixtures are first to get covered.” You might need to get a stepladder out to reach these higher-up fixtures, but make sure you get rid of hidden dust inside your ceiling lights and fans. It’s not just the higher-up areas of your home that trap dust and other allergens - your floors need attention too. Chris said: “Dirt, pollen, and other outdoor contaminants are tracked in and distributed onto the floors in your home so make sure you hoover regularly and wipe down all skirting boards in each room.” In addition to paying special attention to those hard-to-reach areas, follow these tips from Chris for a successful spring clean. Cleaning from top to bottom isn’t just a saying, it’s actually very good advice for eliminating dust from your home. Chris explained: “Clean your home from top to bottom rather than from the bottom up as you won’t be able to eliminate the dust as thoroughly, the reason being that dust from the higher places will settle to where you’ve already cleaned.”   Chris said: “Winter can make the air in your home dry, so many use humidifiers to add moisture back to the air. “Monitor the humidity level in your home and keep levels below 50% to deter mould growth and help reduce dust mites. “Remember to use a vent fan to remove moisture in bathrooms and the kitchen.” Your bedsheets can absorb many of the allergens you encounter when you’re out and about, so you should change them often. Chris said: “Your clothes and hair can collect pollen and other allergens during the day and then they can be transferred to your bedding while sleeping. “You can get rid of pollen and dust mites by washing your sheets in hot water once a week. “Consider hypoallergenic pillow and mattress covers as they serve as a physical barrier if you're allergic to dust mites.” 