Moving out of London offers a plethora of opportunities for homeowners. More affordable house prices, a slower pace of life and more space are just some of the things homeowners can take advantage of. For Mia and Ed Nisbett, moving out of London meant a better work-life balance. Ed and Mia, both 39, has been living in a rented property in Tooting Bec in the borough of Wandsworth in south London. Each day, the couple were commuting to their prospective teaching jobs in Barnes and Dulwich. Three years ago, the couple had their first child. Prior to the baby’s arrival, Mia became more concerned about their work-life balance. READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid They were thinking about buying a flat in the area but knew they would not be able to afford a full house. Bearing the hour-long commute in mind, Mia realised she would be dropping her son off at nursery at 7am and picking him up at 6.30pm. That didn’t seem fair,” she told The Evening Standard. “I couldn’t afford to give up work, but I thought there had to be a better balance than that.”  DON'T MISSCleaning: Britons are urged to ‘pay attention’ to their mattress [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game changer’ hack to make oven racks ‘sparkle’ [ANALYSIS] In 2019, Mia was offered a job at a school in Oxfordshire. Rather than commuting between Oxford and London, the couple decided to go to Oxford where they could afford more space and a better commute. However, their hunt for homes in the picturesque county soon came across a hurdle. They were looking at homes in villages in the idyllic north Cotswolds. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea But they soon realised just how “expensive” the county of Oxfordshire was. Instead, they opted to move to a town called Banbury, a historic market town. They bought a five-bedroom home in the town for £480,000. Mia said: “That is pretty much the price of a London flat, and it is five minutes’ walk to my work.” Ed initially commuted to London but soon found a job in Oxford.  The couple now live in Banbury with their two children, dog and cat in their new home. Despite loving London, Mia has fallen in love with Banbury which she described as “charming” with pretty architecture. She said the town has plenty of cafes, restaurants and a cinema, is friendly and allows them to have a thriving social life. Mia added: “We didn’t leave London because we didn’t like it. “We left because we couldn’t afford the lifestyle we have now.”