The SNP Westminster chief asked for additional funding as the Government announced free Covid tests will no longer be available from this week. Ian Blackford insisted the Scottish Government should be given more money to continue providing the tests to "protect our people." He also once again renewed his calls for Scottish Independence as he insisted his nation needed the freedom to decide for itself whether testing should continue. Mr Blackford said: "Will the Prime Minister now confirm what the residual funding for testing will be to enable the Scottish Government to pick up the pieces of this chaotic withdrawal of support? "It makes the case for Scotland to take necessary measures to keep our people safe. "We need the financial ability to make our own choices. "That only comes with independence." JUST IN: Student loses legs and fingers after eating leftover takeaway and developing deadly sepsis  Responding to Boris Johnson announcing the next steps in lifting all Covid regulations, Mr Blackford accused the Prime Minister's strategy of being "purely political". He continued: "This statement was billed as the Prime Minister's moment of pride but it's clear that this morning has been a moment of panic for this Government. "Disagreement across Whitehall and a lack of any serious engagement with the devolved nations shows that these decisions are bereft of science or consultation. "It appears these dangerous choices are purely political and are being made up on the hoof, it is another symptom of a Government in turmoil. READ MORE: Covid rules ripped up in three-step plan back to normality as self-isolation ends in days "The illogical reality of UK finance means that these decisions made for England by a failing Prime Minister affect the money the devolved nations have to provide testing." He added: "PCR testing, the legal requirement to self-isolate, and access to lateral flow testing have been instrumental Prime Minister in containing the virus. "As we move forward to live with Covid, these are the very safeguards which support a return to normal life and these short-sighted decisions have long-term implications." He added: "A Prime Minister who has no moral authority to lead desperately seeking to appease his backbenchers... DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer savaged in Boris slap down -'Wrong end of the stick!' [WATCH]Baby dies as Hong Kong hit by record high Covid cases [UPDATE]Queen to ride through Covid with 'nothing more than minor symptoms' [INSIGHT] "This statement is not about protecting the public, it's about the Prime Minister scrambling to save his own skin." Mr Johnson said it will be for the NHS to determine its testing regime once free universal testing ends. Conservative former minister Andrew Percy said: "On NHS testing, as somebody who worked in the NHS myself, I like getting my test before I book on duty, it makes me feel safe when I'm going into care homes to attend patients or elsewhere, so as he sets out how testing will continue in March can he set out clearly what the situation will be for testing of NHS workers?" Mr Johnson replied in the Commons: "That will be for the NHS to determine themselves."