The Attendance Allowance application, otherwise known as the AA1 form, contains a number of personal questions. Questions 27 to 43 are especially focused on a person's care needs in relation to their personal tasks.  It is crucial for a person to mention the impact of their illness or disability. Attendance Allowance is, in principle, designed for anyone over the age of 65 who has substantial care needs arising from physical or mental impairment. Thus a high level of detail is required about how such conditions affect day-to-day activities. The AA1 form will ask an individual how they manoeuvre washing, bathing and looking after their appearance. This question will centre on how a person gets in and out of the shower, adjusts shower controls, shaves, puts on skin creams, or washes and dries hair. Another question relates to medical treatment and how a person identifies their tablets, reads and understands instructions about taking medication or manages a condition such as diabetes. Other questions relate to how one uses a toilet, if they need any help eating and drinking, whether they require assistance getting dressed or undressed and if they need help navigating the stairs. Not providing as much detail as possible can see pensioners missing out on over £4,000 a year.   It is also important to detail if a person needs help getting up from a chair, getting in and out of bed or moving safely from room to room. Before sending the form to DWP, people must attach any supporting information such as GP letters, their care plan and prescription lists. They can send the completed form to a freepost DWP address which does not require a postcode or a stamp. Alternative form formats such as braille do exist for the visually impaired.  The Government has confirmed that Attendance Allowance is set to increase by 3.1 percent this year. Once the proposed payment rate changes come into effect on April 11, 2022, Attendance Allowance will rise to £92.40 for those on a higher rate. The increase will see people on a lower rate receiving £61.85. The maximum Attendance Allowance rate amounts to £358.40 a month.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The higher rate is reserved for those individuals who require help or supervision throughout both day and night. The benefit currently offers £89.60 for those on a higher rate. However, people on a lower rate get £60. Attendance Allowance is a benefit that helps with the extra costs of long-term illness or disability which can be either physical and/or mental. A person's disability must be severe enough for them to be unable to care for themselves. 