Ukrainian MP Oleksii Goncharenko compared Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler and revealed his next likely targets if he takes over Ukraine. Mr Goncharenko said places like Estonia, Poland and several other countries would come under threat by the Russian dictator before ramping up the WW2 rhetoric during his Sky News interview. The politician passionately called for a "landing at Normandy" moment to "stop a bigger war" as Mr Putin's next steps were analysed. Speaking on Sky News, Mr Goncharenko discussed the latest in Ukraine with presenter Mark Austin wondering whether the West could fan the flames of a bigger war. Mr Austin wanted to know whether the no-fly zone enforced by NATO could “lead to a much broader war”. Mr Goncharenko replied: “I can tell you that the fear should be that if Putin would not be stopped here, there will be a much broader war. “He will go forwards, he will go further, he will go to Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland, Georgia. “It's a Hitler, he will never stop, no Munich, because [Munich Agreement 1938], that's what he is looking for. “I already see that will not happen, we need D-Day, we need landing in Normandy, we need something like this to stop a bigger war.” Mr Goncharenko also believed dictators around the world would be watching the Ukraine crisis and how Mr Putin was being treated by the West. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace also appeared on Sky News and revealed the Russian army has been put into "disarray" causing delays to their invasion.  He explained Mr Putin had expected soldiers to be welcomed into the country as "liberators" as he overestimated Ukrainian support for Russia. Ukrainian forces have also shot down many tanks and planes using new anti-vehicle weaponry supplied by Western powers who did not want a repeat of Crimea. Russian supply lines have also been disrupted as videos emerged of tanks breaking down and abandoned without fuel. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy says the next 24 hours will be "crucial" for Ukraine as talks are expected to be held later on Monday. DON'T MISS: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely' [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT] Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION]  Ambassadors for Ukraine and Russia are arriving in Belarus for peace talks. Mr Wallace also told BBC Breakfast: "[Putin] can't miss the fact that his only best friend at the moment seems to be the President of Belarus... he must realise he's definitely on the wrong side of history here." He added any action involving a nuclear weapon would see an equal or greater response from the West. He continued: "This is a battle of rhetoric and we just have to make sure we manage it properly." 