Warning: The following article contains spoilers from The Walking Dead season 11, episode nine. Former Saviour Alden (played by Callan McAuliffe) wrapped up his four-season stint on AMC’s thrilling zombie drama in the most recent episode, No Other Way. Fans of The Walking Dead were distraught to see him go, with international fans getting the chance to see the action unfold on Disney Plus, but not before he took out one of the Reapers. After seeking refuge in an abandoned church with Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie (Lauren Cohan), Alden was confirmed to have succumbed to his wounds and turned into a walker. Thankfully, it appears his sacrifice wasn’t in vain, as Maggie and Negan were able to get a head start and assist Daryl (Norman Reedus) with his plan to take down the Reapers. Maggie wiped out all of the Reapers except for Leah (Lynn Collins) meaning the group could bring a supply of food back to the survivors at Alexandria. As they headed home, Maggie returned to pick up Alden but was devastated to find he had succumbed to his injuries and turned into a walker. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' But Alden wasn't alone - there was another walker in the abandoned church, which actor Callan has stated was a Reaper. “I like to think that by some miracle, Alden mustered a final burst of energy,” he explained. “Despite some 20 to 30 debilitating, and likely mortal, belly stab wounds, he managed to take a full-strength Reaper out with him.” Sadly, his hypothetical skirmish happened off-screen, but it still stands as a testament to how far Alden has come from Saviour to survivor. Callan maintained: “If that's not evidence of the virtues of his character, I don't know what is.” Originally a devoted member of Negan’s violent cult, Alden eventually became a key member of Hilltop as the community’s blacksmith. He also stepped in as the adoptive father to baby Adam after his liberation from the Whisperers. His loss shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise to fans of the blood-soaked TV drama, but Callan was nevertheless sorry to see his The Walking Dead tenure come to a brutal end. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4 star’s inspiration for intense police scene [EXCLUSIVE]Love is Blind’s Danielle blasts Netflix’s ‘inaccurate’ portrayal [INSIGHT]Loose Women fans in tears as cast honour Jamal Edwards [REACTION] Thankfully, showrunner Angela Kang gave him more than enough heads up to ensure he had time to prepare for the big moment. He admitted: “I lasted on the show much longer than I thought I was gonna. “I'd kind of always been quietly anticipating that the call would come. “She'd actually called me a few times. That fear had been diluted over the years. When [the time] finally came, I was like, 'Oh, I guess that seems about right.' I had a good run.” Callan’s time as Alden came to an end in The Walking Dead’s signature gory style, but he has already completed work on his next project, the independent film Him & Her. Fans were horrified by his death and took to Twitter to comment. Timcasso Games said: “RIP Alden! So sad, really loved Alden, wanted him to make it till the end but apparently he went down fighting and if that Reaper didn't track him, he'd be alive still.” And @trumpetnista exclaimed: “Oh, Alden...I fully believe in an afterlife for this franchise (you gotta or you'll go nuts) so I'm glad he'll see Enid again. “And Siddiq. And Carl. And...oh, god, the character list on the wiki just gets redder and redder.” The horror franchise is well-known for offing some of its most beloved characters just as fans grow fond of them, but hopefully Alden has been able to reunite with some of his old friends. The Walking Dead season 11 continues Sundays on AMC in the USA and is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK.