Last week, the long-awaited decision regarding the future of Michael Masi was made. News emerged that the Australian was sacked from his role as FIA race director following his role in the controversial season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, which saw Max Verstappen dramatically snatch the title away from Lewis Hamilton.  Masi has since been replaced by Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas, who will alternate as race director, while Herbie Blash will be serving as the senior advisor. Ahead of their first season in their new roles, Express Sport has decided to take a close look at the key figures... Wittich most recently served as the race director of Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM), and reports claim he was meant to join F1 this season and work alongside Masi. The German worked alongside the Aussie in several races last year but has been promoted following Masi’s departure. Known for his 'hard but fair' approach to racing, Wittich has also served as race director in both F2 and F3. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's touching message to brother as Nicolas gets to sit in Mercedes' new W13   Boasting over 20 years of experience in motor racing, Wittich should provide a cool head amid the intense pressure officiating races at the highest level. But it must be noted that there was a similarly controversial ending to the 2021 DTM season when Liam Lawson, who was winning the championship, was taken out on the first corner of the race by fellow title favourite Kelvin van der Linde. Van der Linde only received a five-second time penalty, and Lawson in his damaged car could do nothing to catch his title rival Maxi Gotz, who cruised to glory. But despite this, his experience should come in handy within F1 next season. Wittich will be accompanied by Eduardo Freitas, who began his career as a mechanic before a stint in karting. Like Wittich, the Portuguese official has previously served as a race director at the FIA GT and ECC Championships, before taking up a similar role with the World Endurance Championship ten years ago. DON'T MISS  His speciality is that of long-form races, with experience officiating at Le Mans, and he is widely popular thanks to his 'no-nonsense' approach. Last year, he told DailySportsCar about his approach to officiating races and what he hopes to achieve at the end of a race weekend “We work in a team,” he said. “It's not only us in Race Control that are the team, our way of working is to team up with the teams and the drivers. And if we all work together, I think at the end of the day, it's better for all parties involved. “The rule book is quite complex, some of the rules can take several times of reading to be able to understand what the legislator wants to achieve with it. But the main target and the first thing you always have to see is Safety. “With safety, you cannot be soft, you cannot say, 'Okay, let it go'. You have to be very careful. No matter what we do. It's human beings inside the cars. “The cars are expensive, I don't care! For me, the target is to make sure that on Sunday, everyone goes home – and that's a good weekend for me.”  Their work will be overseen by Herbie Blash, who will serve as the permanent senior advisor. Blash was former race director Charlie Whiting’s right-hand man until the Australian sadly passed away in 2019. The pair worked extremely well together and many hope the open and honest approach they possessed will help to relieve the tension between officials, team principals and drivers following some of the contentious decisions made last year. Despite having the experience and qualities to take on the role of race director, Blash instead will assist the decision-making of Wittich and Freitas. The trio will be called into action in less than a month as the 2022 F1 season kicks off in Bahrain on March 20.