Tracy (played by Kate Ford) was left in a quandary at the start of Friday's hour-long episode of Coronation Street as she didn't realise Yasmeen's (Shelley King) lodger, Stu Carpenter (Bill Fellows) had swapped her delivery of wine for some from the corner shop earlier this week. The newcomer to the ITV soap admitted his misdemeanours to his landlady and she was left shocked by his actions, leading her to seek some advice from Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine). As Stu went to apologise to Tracy, Yasmeen poured her heart out but Tim mentioned something which could suggest his stepmother could strike up a new rivalry with the florist in a deadly new storyline. Sitting down with her stepson, Yasmeen discussed how she felt Stu had shown similarities to her controlling ex-husband, Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew). Tim was on hand to offer the other side of the debate and he asked his stepmother what had happened to make her lodger steal the wine. "It was all because Tracy had been quite rude to him," the matriarch remarked, adding: "It was meant to be a joke at first." Yasmeen's stepson brought up the iconic character's past, stating: "Stu got off lightly then as she is a convicted murderer." "Well, I drank some of the good stuff not knowing it was hers," Yasmeen admitted, which is when Tim told her she needed to watch her back. READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' "I hope you sleep with a baseball bat under your bed," he remarked, joking Tracy was going to come after her if she ever found out. Yasmeen went on to express her dislike for the iconic character, telling her stepson: "I cannot stand that woman and she makes my flesh creep. "But Stu should not have done that and anyway, that is not the point. It makes me think am I a dreadful judge of character?" she continued. By the time the conversation had ended, Tim had given Yasmeen the advice and support she needed and although he joked about Tracy's past, he could have been right to warn the Nazir matriarch. Before the latest instalment of the cobbles based drama had ended, the Speed Daal owner turned up at the Barlow house to apologise for her actions. Having already spoken to Stu and having spent the afternoon enjoying the wine with the formerly homeless man, Tracy was rather intoxicated. Yasmeen was shocked to see her lodger getting along so well with the florist, considering he had made an enemy of her earlier in the week. It seemed bygones were bygones as the two were now friends and they were heading off to the Rovers Return to enjoy some more drinks. Tracy was very loose-lipped and wanted Yasmeen to enjoy them at the pub so they could make the most of the night together. The Nazir matriarch seemed a bit anxious to spend so much time with the florist but she proceeded to join her. DON'T MISS...Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack James Ryan talks cancer battle amid co-star's diagnosis [COMMENT] As the episode ended before viewers could see what happened in the pub, off-screen, Tracy could have revealed one of her deepest, darkest secrets. Viewers know the cobbles vixen killed Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward) back in 2007 as their relationship came to a deadly end. She was also responsible for the deaths of Maddie Heath (Amy James-Kelly) and Yasmeen's son Kal Nazir (Jimi Mistry) when she caused a fire at Victoria Court. The florist got away with her crimes as she blamed the incident on Carla Connor (Alison King) and it hasn't been spoken about since. However, intoxicated and feeling she needs to pour her heart out to Yasmeen, Tracy could confess to the part she played in Kal's death. Yasmeen would be horrified but she would take the night to think about what Tracy said as she thinks she is just being cruel. Confronting the cobbles vixen the next day, it could be clear to the Nazir matriarch her enemy was telling the truth. Over the past few years, Tracy has worked hard to ensure her perfect life would not be tarnished and believes her past is in the past. But she knows if the truth about her crimes were ever to come to light, she would lose everything, including her life with husband Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). Therefore, she could take extreme action to ensure her secrets never come to light and that could involve the death of Yasmeen. Tracy would have to come up with a tale about how Yasmeen confided in her about wanting to leave the cobbles after so much heartache over the past few years. Her family would be shocked to learn their grandmother turned to Tracy of all people for comfort and something would not sit right with Alya Nazir (Sair Khan). The young businesswoman is always keen to pursue her theories about people and she could uncover how the cobbles vixen killed her grandmother. As her time is finally up, will Tracy be put behind bars for life for murdering yet another Weatherfield resident or will she be able to get away with murder? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.