So, Carrie Johnson. In some ways she’s benefited from the #MeToo movement that’s made the media more careful of what they say about women. Until now she’s been admired for her youthful boho style. Her rented wedding dress inspired a generation of women to hire, not buy, which really struck me at my son’s wedding last summer, where so many girls had rented their beautiful frocks. Carrie is decorative, fashionable and extravagant ‑ witness the gold wallpaper in the Downing Street flat ‑ but she’s young so most of us forgave her that. And then came Partygate. Dominic Cummings, whose vicious dislike of the woman he calls Princess Nut Nut is infamous, likens the heady atmosphere at No10 to a frat-house. I think it’s more like the most popular girl’s dorm at a mixed boarding school, where giggling sixth-formers throw riotous boozy parties against the rules, and the headmaster is so besotted with his star pupil he lets them get away with it. I began to realise how swept away Boris is, and how much Carrie revels in the trappings of power, when I watched them swanning about at last summer’s G7 summit in Cornwall as if posing for a glossy lifestyle magazine. Stuck at home in lockdown, I felt deeply resentful. Our knowledge of Downing Street parties was still to come, but in my opinion it’s all part of the hedonistic, thoughtlessly self-centred atmosphere that the pair create. I don’t blame Carrie. Boris is old enough to be her dad and should know better. But I think enough is enough and together, they’re a disaster. Because Dame Joanna Lumley is a national treasure ‑ bright, funny and absolutely fabulous, people listen to her when she talks sense. This week she broke a taboo when she said “the mental illness bandwagon” has got out of hand, telling GB News, “anybody who is even remotely sad says they’ve got mental health problems, so you go: ‘This is what’s called being human’.” It’s fashionable now to be a victim and blame your mental health for any dissatisfaction. A friend, manager of a hotel struggling to get back on its feet after Covid, is tearing his hair out because his new young staff tell him the hard work involved in hospitality “is bad for my mental health”. We’re all worried and downhearted after two awful years. But as Joanna says, that means you’re human. It doesn’t mean you’re clinically depressed. Believe me, sadness and depression are two totally different ballgames. I wouldn’t wish the latter on anyone. When I was at school, girls who were clever at maths seemed a bit nerdy. What’s changed? Countdown’s Rachel Riley, now on maternity leave, is gorgeous. But so is her replacement, the beautiful Anne-Marie Imafidon who passed A-level computing when she was 11 and went to Oxford at 15. I’d say brainy girls sure have changed but Carol Vorderman, now 61, set the Countdown standard for maths and good looks a long time ago. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea