CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS will soon be returning to screens for another instalment of solving intense criminal cases. Brian Dietzen, who also starred as Dr Jimmy Palmer, dropped a major hint about the upcoming episode after revealing he was left emotional by Wilmer Valderrama’s performance as Nick Torres.  Viewers were left concerned for Torres’ fate on the NCIS team after his worrying behaviour suggested he could be the next character to exit the show. Although it has yet to be confirmed by the bosses and the actor, the most recent episode titled ‘Fight or Flight’ saw him looking worse for wear emotionally and physically. An NCIS insider was asked about the character's well-being in the upcoming episode and they dropped a major hint about the next episode. Speaking to TVLine, they revealed the upcoming instalment titled ‘The Helpers’ would include a “next step in Torres’ journey”.  READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene Dietzen, whom the episode was co-written by, disclosed: “Wilmer Valderrama just kind of knocks it out of the park, there are a couple of moments that definitely got me, you know?” This episode is set to be a huge milestone for Dietzen, as it will be the first time the actor has proudly displayed his skill behind the scenes as a writer. He originally joined NCIS in season one, back in 2003 as Dr Jimmy Palmer and the actor excitedly shared the news of his new role on Instagram in November 2021. The next episode, which he will also star in, is set to be tense and highly emotional, as it also confirmed the return of an important character.  Thankfully, CBS released a promo for ‘The Helpers’ which revealed Jimmy and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) would find themselves in a dire situation. It reads: “While investigating the death of an intruder at Quantico, Jimmy and Kasie are exposed to a deadly biotoxin, and the NCIS team calls on Doctor Carol Wilson for help as they race to find the antidote. “Also, Torres tries to distract Jimmy's daughter, who came to the office to spend the day with her dad.” This will be a huge episode, as expert immunologist Doctor Carol Wilson (Meredith Eaton) who was last seen in season 11, will try and save Jimmy and Kasie.  DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]NCIS season 19: Vance tackles new role in first-look [INSIGHT] As for Victoria Palmer (Elle Graper), she has not returned to screens since season 12 and despite Torres’ efforts to distract her, promo pics revealed she would soon find out. With her visit to her father’s workplace taking a turn for the worse, Victoria was pictured talking to her father, behind glass as he was quarantined. This situation will likely send Torres into a tailspin as his mental state was already very fragile. In the last episode, he arrived at work looking dishevelled and co-workers were concerned as he kept cancelling plans.  It became clear that something was wrong with the agent during an undercover operation which took place in a boxing ring. After taking a huge beating, the referee gave Torres an opportunity to tap out before things got worse, during which he spoke to Timothy McGee (Sean Murray). McGee asked Torres what he was doing and stated it looked like he was trying to get himself killed, to which he responded: “Yeah? So? Who’s left to care?” It was evident, both Gibbs’ (Mark Harmon) and Eleanor Bishop’s (Emily Wickersham) departure had taken a major toll on him and he felt as though he had nobody in his corner. With the actor’s performance leaving Dietzen emotional, it’s likely the mounting pressure could’ve left Torres to have a breakdown. NCIS returns to CBS on Monday, February 28. 