Greg Norman has accused the PGA Tour of ‘bullying’ after its commissioner Jay Monahan reportedly warned players they would be banned from the Tour if they joined the Saudi Golf League (SGL).  Former world No. 1 Norman is the main man behind the newly proposed Saudi ‘Super League’, which has sent shockwaves around the golfing world in recent months. Backed by Saudi state-funded company LIV Golf Investments, the breakaway circuit is looking to lure in some of the best players on the planet with mega-money offers. However, the idea is strongly opposed by the sport’s traditional leading circuits - the PGA Tour and DP World Tour -  with the former reportedly set to ban any player that signs a deal with the SGL. According to Golf Channel, Monahan called a mandatory player meeting ahead of this week’s Honda Classic, with players still contemplating a move to the Saudi League warned of the consequences. JUST IN: Brooks Koepka makes Saudi Super League admission as ‘everyone talks about money' With their PGA Tour status said to be at stake, a number of the world’s best players have publicly pledged their allegiance to the US-based circuit and snubbed any sort of link up with the SGL. The likes of Rory McIlroy, Jon Rahm and Collin Morikawa all rubbished the idea, whilst American stars Bryson DeChambeau and Dustin Johnson committed their futures to the Tour, despite previous rumours linking them to the Saudi series. With nearly all of the world’s best players turning their noses at the SGL over the past week, many believed the circuit was over before it had even begun, with McIlroy describing its situation on Sunday as ‘dead in the water’. However it seems SGL leader Norman is not willing to lie down easily, after Golf Channel’s report revealed the Australian had written a memo to all players at the end of last week with a clear threat to the PGA Tour. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson's sponsor KPMG cut ties with star amid 'reckless' Saudi Golf League stancePGA Tour brand Phil Mickelson a liar over "obnoxious greed" claimsCollin Morikawa snubs Saudi Golf League to pursue Tiger Woods goal As a result Norman believes the Tour’s warning to ban players that join up with the Saudi League is in fact illegal, and accused them of ‘bullying’. The former world No. 1 wrote in his memo: “Permanently banning from the PGA Tour professional tournament golfers who contract to play professional golf would violate its non-profit purpose and would subject the PGA Tour to possible liability or government action. “And could cause it to lose its non-profit status for not operating in accordance with its exempt purpose.” He continued: “None of us should stand for these egregious acts of bullying by the PGA Tour.”   Norman went on to add that despite strong opposition that has broken out against the newly proposed Super League, they will continue with their plans and ‘co-exist’. He added: “It is the PGA Tour’s choice – and not ours – to refuse to entertain constructive dialogue for the betterment of the game and stakeholders across all sectors, particularly players… “We will continue our efforts to respectfully co-exist." 