A document issued by the White House stated Mr Biden made the order under part of the Foreign Assistance Act to “determine whether it is important to the security interests of the United States to furnish up to $250million (£187m) in assistance without regard to any provision of law”.   He also signed it “to direct the drawdown of up to an aggregate value of $350m (£261m) in defence articles and services of the Department of Defence, and military education and training, and to make the determinations required under such section to direct such a drawdown”. Ukraine is under Russian invasion for the third day on Saturday, with no signs of talks between Moscow and Kyiv to resolve the conflic The announcement comes as gunfire resounds across the capital of Ukraine.   The Pentagon on Friday vowed that the US was planning additional weapons and defensive shipments to Ukraine in the coming days, though details on the shipments were not given. Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said: “We are going to provide additional security assistance for Ukraine. We will.” Earlier, Mr Biden had announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia and said the US would be deploying additional forces to Germany to bolster NATO in the face of "naked aggression" from President Vladimir Putin. READ MORE: UK’s air raid signals dismantled in Nineties as bunkers ‘crumbled'  Speaking during a press conference at the White House, the US president said “freedom will prevail” after Mr Putin “chose this war”. President Biden said the sanctions the US imposed yesterday aim to “maximise long-term impact” on Russia, while minimising the impact on allies. Biden’s latest comments come as a second Russian Ilyushin Il-76 military transport plane was shot down near Bila Tserkva, 50 miles south of Kyiv, according to two American officials with direct knowledge of conditions on the ground in Ukraine. On Friday, Ukraine's military said it had shot down a Russian military transport plane with paratroopers on board. DON'T MISS: UN begs for troops to “return to barracks” as gunfire erupts in KyivBuilding collapse as 100 firefighters battle Manchester infernoMark Dolan accuses ‘arrogant’ West for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 