Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall spoke to Emma Barnett from the BBC about her work with domestic violence and her hopes for a world free from violence against women. She was on BBC Breakfast this morning and it will be aired during Woman’s Hour on BBC Radio 4 at 10am. Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s latest interview and revealed what her body language was saying.  She said: “‘We’ve all been through hard times’ is Camilla’s quote here on the pandemic from her very regal-looking setting as she vows to continue her work on domestic violence after she is Queen. “The woman sitting next to her, who had just recounted how she lost her daughter to domestic violence, had clearly been through times harder and more tragic than most and Camilla looked keen and determined to support and to raise the profile of her cause of domestic violence. “This was a terrible story, making Camilla’s commitment to continuing her work on domestic violence after she is Queen sound reassuring. “Camilla’s non-verbal signals look like a mix of sympathy and quiet determination here.  READ MORE: Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' “She looked supportive and at times deferential to Diana Parkes and as she spoke. “She often turned her head to her and formed her statements into questions as though to acknowledge her, sadly, greater experience. “It was perhaps a calmer version of Camilla in terms of her body language. “Although her tightly crossed legs and the way she kept her arms close to her torso and threw several ‘you know’s into her speech suggested she combines her campaign attitude with a gentler and more caring delivery, that is still showing signs of some performer anxiety.  “Her half smile that hiked one side of her mouth gently as her future role was mentioned hinted it is now an ‘honour’ though, rather than something she might have dreaded.” Camilla told BBC Woman’s Hour that the role of Queen Consort will be a “great honour”, and will help her ongoing work helping to combat violence against women. She said: “I’m not going to give up – I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime.” During the interview, she also called for a “culture change” to tackle violence against women with more needing to be done to teach respect at an early age.  “I think we have to start at the beginning, I think children at school have got to be taught respect.” Camilla continued: “We have got to go back to the beginning and….just build up this idea that you have to have respect for human beings. “It's treating women like chattels and people thinking they can get away with it. “I'm sure a lot of people do it and think that there's nothing wrong.” Royal fans took to Twitter to express their admiration for the Duchess of Cornwall.  Fan account @Lilibet65 said: “Thank you for your tireless work around domestic violence. “I was a victim myself many years ago at a time when it was marginalised and not given any serious attention or consideration by the police and society.” Another fan, @bykriiistiiieee said: “Wonderful, I'm so, so proud of our Duchess. “Such powerful words. She has made such a difference and her involvement and heartfelt commitment to this subject is amazing. Well done, Your Royal Highness.” Twitter user @NorthernEostre added: “The work the Duchess of Cornwall is doing in this area is so necessary and wonderful. Thank you.” 