The European Union's chief executive said on today she would present "massive" sanctions to the bloc's national leaders for approval later in the day against Russia for invading Ukraine. "(Russian) President (Vladimir) Putin is responsible for bringing war back to Europe," European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen told an emergency announcement after Russia fired missiles at several cities in Ukraine and landed troops on its coast. She said new EU sanctions would block Russia's access to "key technologies and markets" and the Union would also freeze Russian assets in Europe and halt Moscow's access to European financial markets. "We will weaken Russia's economic base and its capacity to modernise... These sanctions are designed to take a heavy toll on the Kremlin's interests and on their ability to finance the war." The President of the European Commission released a statement in the early hours of the morning claiming Putin shall be “held accountable”. She tweeted: "We strongly condemn Russia's unjustified attack in Ukraine.   "In these dark hours, our thoughts are with Ukraine and the innocent women, men and children as they face this unprovoked attack and fear for their lives. "We will hold the Kremlin accountable." In a statement with President Charles Michel of the European Council she tweeted: "We condemn Russia's unprecedented military aggression against Ukraine. "It must withdraw its military and fully respect Ukraine's territorial integrity. "The EU leaders will discuss and swiftly adopt further restrictive measures against Russia. "The EU stands with Ukraine." READ MORE: Kiev: Residents flee Ukrainian Capital   The comments come as Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky said that Russia has massed "nearly 200,000 troops on Ukraine's borders and thousands of combat vehicles". In a late-night televised speech, Zelensky switched into Russian to "address Russian citizens as a citizen of Ukraine". He said: "Hear us. The Ukrainian people want peace. "The Ukrainian authorities want peace." DON'T MISS:Ukraine blackout: Putin cuts supplies in Kiev and wipes out power [INSIGHT]Boris calls Cobra meeting as PM readies to unleash hell on Putin [SPOTLIGHT]Ursula von Der Leyen condemns ‘unprovoked attack’ on Ukraine [REVEAL]   Vladimir Putin In a televised address just a few minues before Russia pressed a full invasion, Putin called the West an “empire of lies” and called for the “demilitarisation and de-nazification” of Ukraine while stating that “we do not intend to occupy Ukraine.” He said: “We can no longer simply observe what is happening NATO expanding into Ukraine is unacceptable for us. “A clash between Russia and these forces is inevitable. It is only a matter of time.” "To anyone who would consider interfering from the outside - if you do, you will face consequences greater than any you have faced in history."