 The West has ordered a range of sanctions on Russia’s top banks, technology and aerospace industries and debt markets after Putin ordered his army to invade neighbouring Ukraine. Yesterday, Russian tanks and troops bore down on Kyiv, while aerial attacks hit the Ukraine capital’s densely populated neighbourhood of Pozniake. In response to Putin’s invasion, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson hit Russia with what he claims is the “largest set of sanctions ever imposed anywhere by the UK Government.” Addressing the House of Parliament, Mr Johnson said: “Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. “He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands.” Putin and the West have had a relationship fraught with tension since the Russian leader first became President in 1999. As the President has grown in influence across his 23 years in power ‒ including a four year stint as Prime Minister between 2008 and 2012 ‒ his foreign policy has become more aggressive, while his appearance has also changed. Read More: Show host mocked after saying holiday ruined by Putin  According to Dr Lambe of the Reflect Clinic in Manchester, the Russian leader’s face displays tell-tale signs of cosmetic work, including Botox. Speaking to Sun Online in 2019, Dr Lambe said: “I can see a subtle upper eye lift and quite likely a chin lift, giving him a much more alert and fresher look. “Overall, I would say hold back on the fillers Mr Putin as there is too much and that’s why it looks much more obvious now. “I find a lot of men who discover how professionally administered fillers and Botox can turn back the clock can go a bit mad and have too much too soon.  “It has to be gradual and a way to enhance features to obtain a fresher, flattering effect.” The Botox claim was first made in 2011 after Putin attended a meeting with conspicuous bruising around his eye. His spokesperson denied that Putin had been using Botox, and instead claimed: “It’s probably just how the light fell. The Prime Minister is tired.” Commenting on further changes to Putin’s appearance, Dr Lambe added: “Putin’s facial contouring has clearly changed over the years and while our face shape can become thinner with age, his is noticeably wider and plumper. Don't Miss:Chernobyl: Kremlin tried to deflect blame for disaster onto CIA[OPINION]Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support[ANALYSIS]Macron humiliated after saying ‘Russia is not our enemy'[INSIGHT]  “This would be largely down to cheek fillers. “I’d say he’s clearly got a dedicated aesthetic surgeon on his team as these fillers were certainly quite subtle to start. “In images from about seven years ago he certainly looks much more gaunt and craggy but some work has been done to create a youthful, fuller contour with fillers.” The journal ‘Emotions’ also claims that Botox injections may do more than smooth wrinkles and limit facial expressions.  The injections can also allegedly numb one's ability to feel emotions. Botox injections smooth wrinkles by paralysing the underlying muscles that cause the wrinkles. A 2010 study in ‘Emotions’ found participants who received Botox injections self-reported less emotional response to some emotional video clips, and as a result, did not feel their emotions quite as deeply as their counterparts who received treatment with a wrinkle filler called Restylane, which does not paralyse muscles. The research supported the facial feedback hypothesis, which suggests facial expressions can affect our emotional experience. Joshua Ian Davis, PhD, a term assistant professor in the department of psychology at Barnard College in New York city was quoted in WebMD as saying: “For at least some emotions, if you take away some part of the facial expression, you take away some of the emotional experience.  “Whether this is a benefit or detriment depends on your goals.” Leaders around the world have condemned Putin’s conflict in Ukraine, with the US responding yesterday by imposing new sanctions against Russia. In a televised public statement President Joe Biden said: “Putin is the aggressor. Putin chose this war and now he and this country will bear the consequences. “Today I’m authorising additional strong sanctions and new limitations on what can be exported to Russia.”