Outlander stars Sam Heughan, Richard Rankin and Sophie Skelton were among the stars at the show’s season six premiere. The trio could be seen beaming as they posed at The Royal Festival Hall in London, but Claire Fraser star Caitriona Balfe had to miss the event. Caitriona took to Twitter last night to open up about her decision not to attend. Posting in view of her 532,000 followers, she asked for some “understanding” as a new mother. She wrote: “To all those saying it’s shameful I’m not there in person, I understand you’re disappointed but I also ask for some understanding as a new mom. “I’m trying to do the best I can and not being able to fly across the world like I used to is a change but we are adapting…. “I’ll be there virtually for red carpet and panel and it’s not @Outlander_STARZ ‘s fault … “We’re all trying to give you all the best experience we can in new and challenging circumstances.” Following her update, the star was inundated with support from her followers. Jameela Jamil tweeted back: "It is f***ing wild you have to say this."  Edith Bowman wrote: "You are amazing. An inspiring woman and mum xxxxx." Ariana DeBose penned: "You are a class act queen. "Seasons of abundance are glorious, but it will always be impossible to be in 7 places at 1 time. Much respect to you. "Sending good vibes & congratulation on the new addition to your family!" DON'T MISS... Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [TWITTER]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [PICTURES] However, some other fans did share their disappointment that they wouldn't see her in person at tonight's event. User Mirrorbalfe wrote: "I understand but speaking for myself I've been waiting for this for 2 years and seeing ppl saying it's not a big deal hurts, cause it is for me as fan, I'm very sad and upset you won't be there In person and I understand some things are out of your reach but can I just be sad? :(." (sic) While Larissa Oliveira replied: "We understand how difficult it is to adapt to the new life of a mother, having to travel and take the little child in the middle of a pandemic. "But you've done it several times for Belfast, because now, in a SINGLE event, it has to be different? Outlander is less important?"  Sam, who plays Jamie Fraser, walked the red carpet tonight with other cast members. He posed with his on-screen daughter Sophie and his on-screen son-in-law Richard Rankin. Other stars of the new series at the event included Lauren Lyle, Steven Cree and Cesar Domboy.  Alexander Vlahos was also there ahead of joining the cast in the news series as Allan.