Around one in three (34 percent) take vitamins, minerals, and supplements daily, with women (38 percent) considerably more likely than men (29 percent) to do so. If you’re a man trying to take care of your general health, there are a few supplements you might want to give a go (especially if you’re concerned about your hormones, prostate, and heart health). Express.co.uk reveals the five vitamins that ALL men should consider taking. The NHS advises all adult men and women to take 10 micrograms of vitamin D supplements daily between the months of October and March. In general, vitamin D is needed to keep your bones, muscles, and teeth healthy (no matter what sex you are). It does this by promoting the absorption of calcium in the gut, helping to maintain calcium and phosphate levels. There might be an additional benefit for men, though, with some studies suggesting that vitamin D can boost testosterone levels. Testosterone regulates libido, bone mass, fat distribution, muscle mass and strength, and the production of red blood cells and sperm in men. READ MORE- Diabetes: Fat-shedding juice that could help blood sugar levels fall Magnesium is a mineral that helps to turn our food into energy and ensure our parathyroid glands work normally. These glands produce hormones that are important for bone health. Magnesium also regulates muscle and nerve function, blood sugar levels, blood pressure, and helps you make protein. Magnesium also apparently supports testosterone production, with one research study showing that increasing your intake can raise testosterone levels within a month. Taking magnesium can also help beat the symptoms of andropause, such as poor sleep, low energy, and tiredness. As mentioned, the mineral does this by ensuring the food we eat is converted into energy. Omega-3s are polyunsaturated fatty acids that we need for lots of different things, but especially heart health. According to the experts at Take Care Of, most men consume more of the inflammatory omega-6 fatty acids than is considered healthy. This includes things like refined vegetable oils, mayonnaise, and specific nuts. In fact, men often consume up to 15 times more Omega-6s than Omega-3 and that’s dangerous for your cardiovascular health. If you aren’t getting enough Omega-3s, which are extremely anti-inflammatory and also beneficial for brain health, you’re raising your risk of heart attack and stroke. You can take supplements or up your intake of fresh, canned, or frozen oily fish, some oils (e.g. flax, walnut, or soya), green leafy vegetables, nuts (especially walnuts), and seeds (linseed, pumpkin, and chia). DON'T MISS...Can supplements really be used to prevent hair loss? [INFORMER]'The evidence is strong': The vitamin supplement linked to cancer [INSIGHT]'Significant risk': The vitamin supplement shown to raise cancer risk [EXPLAINER] Never heard of saw palmetto? It’s time to get to know this berry that comes from shrub trees because it’s been used for centuries as a remedy for reproductive and urinary tract issues. According to the team at Take Care Of, saw palmetto berries have been traditionally used for prostate health for many years. Early clinical data suggest the saw palmetto extract may help support a healthy prostate, but larger and more recent clinical data did not support its efficacy. Nonetheless, you can take saw palmetto supplements to improve urinary tract function, stop hair loss, support your prostate and sperm health, and apparently regulate your testosterone levels. Healthline explains that the compounds in the berries are supposed to block the activity of 5-alpha reductase, which is an enzyme responsible for converting testosterone to DHT. That’s why it’s believed that the natural remedy can help you maintain testosterone levels as you age, and this can also lead to improvements in body composition, libido, and mood. That can be found in things like apples, raisins, some nuts, prunes, chickpeas, and coffee, but it’s also available in supplement form and could help with testosterone production. If you’re not eating enough fruits and veggies, you probably have low levels of boron (and this is true for a lot of men). Boron is a popular supplement for men with erectile dysfunction or low testosterone, but you should always talk to a doctor before adding it into your diet because it can have some unpleasant side effects. Healthline also suggests that the supplement can improve the effectiveness of vitamin D, cognitive functions like hand-eye coordination and memory, and of course boost sexual functioning. One study also found that boron-enriched diets support prostate health.