Rafael Nadal and Cameron Norrie will face off in the Mexico Open final on Saturday evening. The world No 5 is looking to extend his streak to 15 wins and 0 losses so far this season while the Brit has won 10 of his last 11 matches, including his Delray Beach Open title run. It could be a popcorn match, with their last match ending in a clash of words between the pair. Nadal is into his third final in as many tournaments this season. The Spaniard returned Down Under after a six-month injury layoff and has since won the Melbourne ATP 250 and his second Australian Open crown, making him the first man in history to win a record 21st Grand Slam. Meanwhile, Norrie has shown good form in Mexico to reach the final despite a poor start to the season that saw him lose all four of his matches Down Under. The world No 12 made it to the Rotterdam quarter-finals where he lost to eventual champion Felix Auger-Aliassime and hasn't lost a match since, winning the Delray Beach Open last week before making the final in Acapulco. JUST IN: Ukraine tennis icon Sergiy Stakhovsky joins military to fight Russians  Nadal and Norrie will now meet for a fourth time in the Mexico Open final to see if the Brit can make it back-to-back titles or the Aussie Open champion can remain undefeated so far in 2022. Their three previous meetings all came last year, with Nadal getting the better of the British No 1 in straight sets each time at the Australian Open, Barcelona Open and French Open. The most recent clash at Roland Garros was an enthralling affair, as the 13-time champion in Paris thought Norrie was rushing him between points en route to his 6-3 6-3 6-3 win. The 26-year-old had complained to chair umpire Louise Azemar Engzell after feeling the Spaniard was delaying his serve to break his momentum, but the Swedish umpire defended Nadal. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic pinpoints his big problem after shock defeat in DubaiRussian tennis player Andrey Rublev writes 'no war please' on cameraDjokovic blasts BBC over controversial interview - 'I was humiliated'   The pair later traded remarks in their post-match press conferences, with the 21-time Grand Slam champion accusing the Brit of trying to speed up play and telling him to stop whinging. Speaking about the time taken between his points he said: "Between games, I think I need to take the towel, and I think I deserve to take the towel between games. "Sometimes I think he was trying to speed up the situation, to put on some pressure. He's free to do it. I don't think I did anything bad."  He also admitted he held his tongue with things Norrie had done on the court, expecting the same back from his opponent. "I didn't complain at all when he was throwing his ball bad for 20 times. I didn't know when he was going to serve. I didn't complain at all during the whole match, so I don't think he has to complain about the other stuff, no?" he said. "The umpire just told me that I need to be quicker because he was ready. Okay, if he wants to put that pressure, I just accept it. I tried to be a little bit quicker. He was just playing his cards." Meanwhile, Norrie was calm in defeat as he explained why he thought his complaints were reasonable. "I was just playing at my normal speed, and I think he takes obviously a little bit longer, especially on his service games when he was serving," the Kiwi-raised Brit said. "He does a good job of managing the time of when I'm serving. She did say something to him. I was having to wait until five, six or seven seconds left for him when I was the one serving when the rule is that you have to play to the service speed. "I think it was all within the rules and completely reasonable - it didn't put me off."  