Jurgen Klopp has admitted that he has ‘problems’ as he turns his focus to Liverpool’s Carabao Cup final date with Chelsea. The Reds will take his side to Wembley on Sunday as they look to win the competition for the first time in a decade. Klopp’s men go into the game in the best possible form, having last lost a match in any competition nearly two months ago. The dominant 6-0 thrashing of Leeds United on Wednesday night was the perfect way for Liverpool to prepare. Two goals from both Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane, as well as strikes from Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk set the Reds on their way to the win. It closes the gap on Premier League leaders Manchester City to just three points, but has also presented Klopp with somewhat of a problem. The German is now preparing his side for their third clash of the season against the Blues, with both of the previous fixtures ending in a draw. JUST IN: Liverpool and Man City warned about the one team who may trip them up Klopp has used two different combinations in his midfield three against Chelsea so far this term, with Harvey Elliott, Jordan Henderson, James Milner and Fabinho all featuring. Curtis Jones and Thiago Alcantara also came off the bench in at least one of the season’s earlier clashes. Those two started alongside Fabinho against Leeds at Anfield and excelled as Liverpool overwhelmed the Whites. But that leaves Klopp with a major decision to make, with all of his midfielders fit and available to play against Chelsea. DON'T MISS: Barcelona's plot to steal target from Man Utd and Liverpool detailed (TRANFERS)Chelsea given Club World Cup badge honour Liverpool and Man Utd denied (NEWS)Liverpool boss Klopp in agreement with Guardiola's 'annoying' claim (INSIGHT) That number also includes Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita, neither of whom have yet faced Thomas Tuchel’s men. And Klopp has admitted that he knows has a huge selection headache on his hands as he decides on who will start at Wembley. “I have these really luxury problems already for a while,” the Liverpool boss told Premier League Productions. “We have to use the power we can bring from there. The midfield is the machine room of a football team. “More often than not you need there really fresh legs. We'll see what we decide for Sunday.” Klopp should have a full squad to choose from for the final, with no new injury concerns following the win over Leeds. It is the Reds’ first chance to win silverware this season, with Klopp’s side also still in the FA Cup and Champions League. Liverpool last won the League Cup in 2012, when they defeated Cardiff City in a penalty shoot-out.