EastEnders fans have been patiently waiting for Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) to face justice after killing multiple Walford residents on the hit BBC soap. His reign of terror began in 2020 when he killed his wife Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer) after abusing her for months. Gray then went on to murder more people and has so far escaped justice. However, viewers have recently expressed hope that a classic character could return to stop him.   Former EastEnders actor Jake Wood marked the anniversary of him leaving the soap this weekend. Jake famously played Max Branning on EastEnders, but left in 2021 after 15 years in the iconic British soap. Honouring the anniversary of his dramatic exit, Jake shared a special post with his fans on Instagram. He posted a throwback video montage of Max, dressed all in black, dragging a bag out of a house and putting it in a rubbish bin. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute  The former soap star captioned the post: “Just been told it's a year ago today since I left @bbceastenders. Time flies x.” Upon seeing the social media post, EastEnders fans flocked to the comment section to beg Jake to return to the soap. “It's not the same without you. Hope you come back one day,” Pamela Murray wrote. "Please return Max,” Joe Anderson commented, with Nicki Marvin agreeing: “We miss you!”   Meanwhile others suggested Jake’s character, Max, should come back soon to rid Albert Square of Gray. “Max needs to come back to save EastEnders. He swoops in to put grey out of his misery by ending the never ending story line,” Jason Michael Rowe remarked. “Come back and sort out Gray,” Glennys Wiggin said. “Gray Atkins should be in a body bag where he belongs. Hope Max comes back and puts a stop to it,” Amy Hardy added. DON'T MISS...Kelvin Fletcher compares country living to filming Emmerdale [MUST SEE]The Chelsea Detective star makes dig at ‘gritty’ crime dramas [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street’s Steve McDonald devastated as Emma leaves? [SPOILERS]  Could hard man Max return to Albert Square to put an end to Gray’s horrifying killing spree? Max still has a connection to Walford through Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), who he developed a relationship with before leaving the Square. Linda has since given birth to Max's daughter Annie, but only a select few people know the true identity of the child's biological father. She’s been bringing up her daughter alone as a single mother after splitting up from her husband Mick Carter (Danny Dyer).   Perhaps Max could return to meet Annie and uncover what’s been happening in his absence. If Max makes a dramatic comeback to the square would he help Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) and Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) bring the killer to justice? Or could he turn violent himself and kill Gray? Viewers will have to tune in to find out. EastEnders continues Tuesday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 