Kate Garraway, 54, gave an insight into her life as her husband Derek Draper's carer amid his struggles following the aftermath of his battle with Covid. The former Labour lobbyist has suffered one of the worst cases of coronavirus in the country after being admitted to hospital in March 2020 and then being placed in a coma. When Derek, 54, emerged from his medically-induced coma his body had been affected by the virus affecting major organs including his heart and lungs. Kate's other half is now back in the family home with their two children Billy, 12, and Darcy, 15, receiving 24-hour care. The Good Morning Britain presenter admitted that he "can't respond" as she opened up about his struggles to conversate with the family. But the broadcaster detailed a breakthrough as she detailed a candid moment between Derek and their daughter Darcey, 15, who is currently studying for her mock GCSE exams. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'confused' Super Bowl appearance questioned Speaking in a new interview, Kate explained that having her other half back at home has given him strength. "Darcey is doing her GCSE mocks at the moment in economics, which was one of Derek’s subjects at university," Kate told Daily Mail's You magazine. "She mentioned a bit of terminology; I didn’t understand it, and she said: 'Is that right, Dad?' And he said: 'No.' And actually he was right, she was wrong!" The Life Stories presenter continued: "So every day there are moments when you get affirmation that he’s very much still 'in' there, then also moments where he seems lost and unable to express anything.  "So you feel like, 'But how do we get more of ‘Derek’ out?' It’s an emotional rollercoaster." The GMB presenter also opened up about his speech and his ability to speak. Kate explained that it's "really hard" to have conversations but he does understand what is being said to him. "I feel like I read every flicker so I 'get' him, but you wouldn’t walk into the room and think a conversation was being had," she told the same publication. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson's 'stitched' up by girlfriend Lisa at Diddly Squat[LATEST]Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[HEALTH]Donny Osmond admits wife saved him from 'crippling anxiety'[ADMISSION] "But he understands an enormous amount, he just can’t respond." Meanwhile, the ITV favourite recently shared that Derek almost suffered another "health scare" that threatened to put him back into hospital on Christmas Eve. Sharing a rare snap of Derek with their children Darcey and Billy on Instagram, Kate said she was feeling "grateful" for family time. She wrote: "So the last 24 hours has been bumpy - a scare that meant Derek might have had to go back into hospital (thankfully sorted by a visit from nurse/carer). "He has also had one of his ultra fatigue days so has been too weak to do much other than sleep. "I burnt the parsnips ( Darcey's favourite ) & got the 'wrong' Lego for Billy. But now snuggled up around Dad’s bed watching #nativity everything feels suddenly perfect. "Feel so grateful to have the chance to be together." Kate and Derek tied the knot in 2005 after the pair met through a mutual friend. The GMB presenter has detailed her husband's health issues in the well-received documentary Finding Derek. Kate Garraway: Caring For Derek airs tonight on ITV at 9pm.