Paramount Network’s hit military drama SEAL Team gave viewers an insight into the life-threatening mission the Bravo team would undertake. As season five recently came to an end, Brock Reynold’s star, Justin Melnick, took to Instagram to share his excitement about the show’s latest update.  Earlier this month it was revealed, SEAL Team bosses announced the thrilling drama would officially be adapted into a movie. Melnick shared his excitement as he posted a screenshot of the Deadline article on his Instagram page. The actor shared his excitement in the caption and wrote: “Filming a TV show is so much fun, I can't even imagine what a bravo team movie will be like. Melnick added: “So excited for the future!! Can’t wait to hear what y’all think about it!!” READ MORE: Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen?  This news also sent his fans into a frenzy as they swarmed his comment section with praise and shared excitement. The_unicorn_fairy shared: “So excited. Great news. Can't wait to see it.” Shirtsonshirts4u added: “Haven't been this excited about a movie since I was a kid.” Kmmmrosati stated: “We’re so excited. Just as long as our whole team comes back!” Jessaelides disclosed: “This is amazing!! I had this gut feeling that seal team would be made in a movie!!!” Bigogrelifting54 revealed: “I'm ready for it. I've been ready for season 6 a week after season 5 ended too! Let's go!!!” Preppingbeachbum commented: “I’m stoked!! Season 6 AND a movie?!?!?! Well hell yeah!! CBS May have just heard their viewers.” Curtshannon2374 predicted: “If this is the case, we can only assume that the cast doesn’t lose any members for the events in the last episode.” DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]SEAL Team's David Boreanaz responds as military drama announces change [INSIGHT]SEAL Team fans expose glaring 'plot hole' with Full Metal and Jason [BLUNDER] After episodes of high-pressure situations, season five of the military drama ended with a major cliffhanger which left fans uncertain about the Bravo team’s future. In the finale Jason Hayes (David Boreanaz) finally made amends with his daughter and alongside Sonny Quinn (AJ Buckley) they made attempts to track down Mandy Ellis (Jessica Pare). Elsewhere, Clay Spenser (Max Theriot) made Jason aware the deployment to Mali would be his last mission with the team as his wife had just given birth to a new baby. With the positivity in their personal lives, in true SEAL Team form, it was time for their professional lives to take a hit. While the team were travelling to the war zone, one of the two vehicles they rode in exploded. Spencer was hit in the eye with a piece of shrapnel while Jason was shot in the shoulder, and it’s yet to be seen if they will survive their serious injuries. Thankfully, viewers could find out soon, as season six was confirmed by Paramount this year. With the announcement of the SEAL Team movie, hopefully, the fans will soon see the Bravo team back together and in full health. SEAL Team seasons 1-5 are available to stream in the USA on Paramount Network and season 5 airs Wednesdays on Sky Max in the UK.