Rio Ferdinand thinks Manchester United pair Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka will be ‘spitting feathers’ after being overlooked for tonight’s Champions League tie with Atletico Madrid. Both players have been left on the bench for the match in the Spanish capital. And Ferdinand has addressed those decisions on BT Sport. Manchester United are using centre-back Victor Lindelof on the right side of defence for tonight’s game despite having two natural right-backs on the bench. The Sweden international starts at right-back with Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane at centre-back and Luke Shaw on the left. In midfield, United have selected Fred with Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba playing further ahead. And, up top, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho have been deployed alongside Cristiano Ronaldo. Ralf Rangnick has explained his team selection or tonight’s match by saying: “We decided to choose a line up and a formation in which we can always react to no matter what Atletico do. “We can play with different formations it may change during the game. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “And also have enough physicality and physical size for set-pieces.” Yet Ferdinand thinks Wan-Bissaka and Dalot will be ‘spitting feathers’ at not being selected. "If I'm one of the right-backs, I'd be spitting feathers,” he said. “I’d be thinking this manager obviously doesn't rate me.” He also said: “It looks like maybe Lindelof as a right-back, you could play three at the back. “We’ll have to wait and see how it goes but looking solid if he does play Lindelof right-back.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ferdinand doesn’t think United will win the Champions League this season, however. “No. I don’t,” said the six-time Premier League champion when asked if his old side can go all the way. “I think they’re nowhere near it in the league. “Yes, it’s a knockout competition, it’s a bit different, but I see three, four, maybe five teams that I would say are ahead of Manchester United to win this at least. “You need a level of consistency as well to be able to perform, perform home and away, and you’ve got to get the job done. “At times, there have been occasion where you’ve thought you can see something and then all of a sudden they take two steps back. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You need eleven stroke thirteen, fourteen players every game to go out and perform and Manchester United have been guilty of not being able to do that enough.” He added: “How do you sell the dream to players then? That’s the big thing. “You’re talking about recruitment of players, say you’re going to get one of the top young talents in the world, how do you sell the club to him? “There needs to be a direction, an understanding of where he’s going. You want to win. “Man United aren’t afforded that, they can’t say that.” Owen Hargreaves also spoke out on the channel. And he expressed a belief that United’s shoddy recruitment in recent years had held them back from being the force of old. “I think the biggest reason why they’re behind and not going to be able to win the Champions League or the league is just recruitment,” he said. “Look at Man City and Liverpool - they virtually never miss. “Look at the group of players they have - they have a shape, formation and a style and then they add one or two. “I think for United, they need to get the recruitment right this summer and figure out how they want to play going forward, the style, philosophy and get one or two in. “You look at a lot of positions, they got a lot of great players but it’s put together by a lot of people with different ideas and I think they need to get on one page.” 