Formula 1 world champion Max Verstappen is reportedly close to agreeing a new contract that will see the Dutchman stay at Red Bull for the foreseeable future. The bumper new contract is set to be agreed following a remarkable 2021 season. Verstappen secured a maiden world title in dramatic and controversial circumstances at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after he and title rival Lewis Hamilton went into the season finale at the Yas Marina Circuit tied on points. The Dutchman passed the seven-time world champion - who had dominated for much of the race - on the final lap as a late Safety Car and tyre change swung momentum in his favour. The 24-year-old made the move on the Brit early in the lap and held on to secure the first championship of his career. Verstappen has been driving as a part of the Red Bull family since 2015 but made his debut for Red Bull Racing in 2016, winning the Spanish Grand Prix in his first race. JUST IN: Toto Wolff opens up on ‘brutal’ tensions with Christian Horner Tipped to be a top talent for some time, Verstappen was a great talent that has evolved into a perennial frontrunner and world champion. As reported by De Telegraaf, a new contract more befitting of his superstar status is set to be signed in the next few weeks. It is believed that Raymond Vermeulen, the manager of Verstappen, may have flown to Graz prior to the winter tests in order to negotiate with Red Bull chief Helmut Marko. When asked, Vermeulen did not want to comment on the issue in Barcelona. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton shuts down Max Verstappen meet-up after Red Bull tripF1 releases statement on Russian GP as ticket sales haltedWhy Lando Norris was 'annoyed' that his McLaren was fastest car Verstappen currently has a deal that runs until 2023, although he has made no secret of the fact that he wants to stay at Red Bull for the entirety of his career. Verstappen hit the track at the Circuit de Catalunya on Wednesday morning, kicking off the behind-closed-doors three-day testing period. His new RB18 made its first appearance and it looked remarkably different to how it appeared at the car launch earlier this month. The 2022 F1 season is the ushering in of a new era, with new rules and regulations set to force teams to adjust their cars to capitalise on new technical innovations. The regulations have been designed to improve competition and parity within the sport after a year dominated each week by Mercedes and Red Bull. When Verstappen took to the track, there were several notable differences to the previously released images of the Red Bull car for the 2022 season. The sidepod features a large undercut as well as an intriguing diffuser. The radically different car at testing suggests Red Bull have implemented a clever ploy to hide aspects of their car that are very different to other 2022 cars. It means bitter title rivals Mercedes are only just learning about the new designs now as Red Bull seek to claim an early advantage over the Silver Arrows. The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.