State pension and other benefits delivered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) including Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) will also increase by 3.1 percent in April this year. Once the proposed payment rate changes come into effect on April 11, 2022, Attendance Allowance will rise to £92.40 for those on a higher rate.  The increase will see people on a lower rate receiving £61.85. The maximum Attendance Allowance rate amounts to £358.40 a month. The higher rate is reserved for those individuals who require help or supervision throughout both day and night. People who are terminally ill can also receive a higher rate of Attendance Allowance. The benefit currently offers £89.60 for those on a higher rate. However, people on a lower rate get £60. Attendance Allowance is a benefit that helps with the extra costs of long-term illness or disability which can be either physical and/or mental. A person's disability must be severe enough for them to be unable to care for themselves.   They must be in need of this help for at least six months (unless they’re terminally ill). Attendance Allowance is also only for individuals who have reached state pension age. The benefit is paid directly into a person's bank or building society account. It can also be paid through a Payment Exception Service.  This service is reserved exclusively for those who are unable to open or manage a bank account themselves. Claimants of Attendance Allowance do not need to have a carer looking after in order to receive the benefit. Furthermore, Attendance Allowance is not means-tested. It can be paid regardless of a person's income, savings or National Insurance contribution record.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It is important to inform the DWP if a person goes into hospital for more than 28 days as this will affect eligibility. In addition, a person must be in the UK when they make a claim. The exception to this is if a person is a member of the armed forces or has a family member in this field. Attendance Allowance can increase the amount of other benefits or credits a person receives. For example, they may get extra Housing Benefit (England, Scotland, Wales), Housing Benefit (Northern Ireland) or Pension Credit. 