Storm Gladys is the fourth named weather system to batter the UK in little more than a week, following in the footsteps of Dudley, Eunice and Franklin. The Met Office has responded by issuing two separate weather alerts - one warning of snow and lightning - across much of Scotland and Northern Ireland, as well as northern England. Much like its predecessors from the past week, Storm Gladys is expected to bring gale force winds - in excess of 70mph - and heavy snow showers across the British Isles. However, Gladys is also anticipated to create disruption through lightning strikes in some parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. It could give way to a phenomenon known as ‘thundersnow’ - a combination of thunder and lightning with freezing snow which forms very unsettled weather conditions. Met Office meteorologist Emma Sharples said: “It is possible, all that really needs is for thunder to happen at the same time as the snow.  READ MORE: Mum 'made to feel like a bad parent' after reading letter from school "So where you get very active or vigorous showers... then we could well get some thunder as well. It is definitely possible.” Thundersnow is recognised as a unique phenomenon which can produce somewhat extraordinary conditions. In fact, snowflakes during thundersnow conditions can help to reflect an even more luminous flash of lightning into the night sky. The forecaster said: “While the thunder from a typical thunderstorm might be heard many miles away, the thunder during a thundersnow event will only be heard if you are within two to three miles of the lightning."  Storm Gladys will be the seventh named storm of the 2021/22 UK weather season. From 5pm on Wednesday, a yellow snow and lightning alert will be put into effect. The weather warning covers large parts of Scotland, including Glasgow, Fort William and Inverness, and will be in place until 8pm on Thursday evening. North and west sections of Northern Ireland are also covered by the caution, such as Coleraine, Londonderry and Omagh.  DON'T MISS: Pregnant woman stole £290,000 from work to 'make herself feel better' [NEWS]Whoopi Goldberg forced to stop TV chat amid shocking Camilla comment [WATCH]Russia-Ukraine LIVE: Lithuania & Poland spark Putin FURY [LIVE] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A separate yellow wind warning has been in force since 6am on Wednesday, stretching from northeast England up to Edinburgh in Scotland. By 6pm on Wednesday, the forecaster will be dropping the alert. As of 4pm, on Wednesday, Lightning Maps has revealed that several strikes have been reported off the northwest coast of Scotland, in the North Sea.  The areas in Scotland closest to where these took place are the Western Isles. Slightly further out in the Atlantic Ocean eight strikes have been reported as Storm Gladys hones in on the UK. Three separate lightning strikes have also been reported off the northwest coast of Northern Ireland - nearest to Londonderry. 