Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta must be brave in his team selection for this Thursday's visit of Wolves to the Emirates. Arsenal need to continue their recent form which has seen them win their last two Premier League matches and not lose since New Year's Day. The Gunners are in a great position to push for the top four and now is the time for Arteta to be bold in the XI he picks. Gabriel Martinelli was the only first-team player missing from the 2-1 win over Brentford on Saturday. The Brazilian was serving a one-match suspension following his red card at Wolves last time out. But he will be back available this Thursday when Bruno Lage's side come to town. Emile Smith Rowe took his opportunity in Martinelli's absence, scoring a fine goal to open the scoring against Brentford. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win  It was the Englishman's 10th goal in all competitions this season and ninth in the Premier League. After struggling for starts of late due to Martinelli's form, Arteta would face criticism from supporters if Smith Rowe was again replaced by the 20-year-old this Thursday. Selection dilemmas are what any manager wants and Arteta certainly has that this week. But if the Spaniard is bold, he could be able to shoehorn all his young talent in the same XI. DON'T MISSLiverpool’s Firmino injury could change one player’s Anfield career [OPINION]Tottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turn [QUOTES]Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their very own Gareth Bale [TRANSFERS]  Alexandre Lacazette has just three league goals to his name in 18 appearances this season - the same amount Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored in his full La Liga debut for Barcelona on Sunday. Arteta may well point to the fact that Lacazette's role is not just to score goals. The Frenchman can be a focal point, a player who can drop back into the No 10 position and allow the likes of Martinelli, Smith Rowe and Bukayo Saka to excel alongside them. But you need your striker to score goals too and now could be the time to give Martinelli that chance.  Lacazette is set to leave in the summer when his contract comes to an end. Arsenal will need to sign at least one, most likely two strikers in the next transfer window. But if Martinelli can prove he has a future in that position, that could give the Gunners a different solution. Football.london reported earlier this month that Martinelli has been trialled in the No 9 role in training.  He has played in that position previously but struggled in his last appearance there against Chelsea on the second day of the season. Arteta has a hugely exciting bunch of youngsters at his disposal. Some would say it is naive to try and get them all into the same XI. But it could turn out to be one of the best decisions of Arteta's reign so far.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here