On Monday, the TV host appeared on Jeremy Vine on 5 for the first time since his accident which left him looking rather worse for wear. Jeremy, who regularly gushes over his passion for biking, had taken a nasty fall on his penny farthing, causing him to fall and break his glasses in the process. Upon his return, the Eggheads star told Channel 5 viewers about his horrific injury but left his co-star in shock when Jeremy revealed he got back on the bike a day later. On social media, the debate programme had posted a clip of the host with a caption saying: “Jeremy's back at work today sporting a black eye after falling from his penny-farthing. “The good news is he's perfectly fine and has already got back in the saddle on his penny-farthing.” The Channel 5 star thanked his fans for reaching out when he said: “It was so nice of you all to send best wishes and encouraged me not to ever get on a bicycle again.” Co-star Storm Huntley queried: “I hear you are indeed back on the penny farthing though?” READ MORE:EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? He pointed out: “So that there is the black eye if you want to take a little look at that." The camera filmed a close up of his bruised eye which remained closed due to the swelling. “That was from last Sunday, I want to thank la lovely guy called Ian and a doctor called Julian who found me.” A photograph was shown in the studio of Jeremy, which showed the host with a bright purple bruise across his left eye which caused the TV presenter to shudder.   In reaction to the picture, he exclaimed: “Oh my goodness, it was a Bobby shiner, but basically I was okay." Jeremy confessed his fall didn’t affect his confidence to ride the bike again, revealing: “I was out yesterday on it because I was trying to work out exactly what went wrong.” Surprised by her co-host, Storm quipped: “It's a sign of madness to do this same thing and expect a different result.” “The penny farthing is perfectly safe,” Jeremy reassured.   “Yes, I am eight feet in the air but I made the mistake of going on grass and I hit a divot. “Now if you're on the tarmac, as I was here in my street there, they're all safe and sound. “As long as it's smooth, it's okay, you just don't want to hit a divot, a pothole or a drain cover,” he explained. In jest, Storm added: "Which there are plenty of on the roads, so when you say pennyfarthings are safe,  I think it's like saying guns are safe until someone picks it up." He told his TV show he had “been in the wars” and that he didn't remember anything between the moment he fell and his arrival at Charing Cross hospital. This week, Jeremy posted a video online to show his followers all is well. The video showed him taking the bike off of the wall in his home and preparing for his outing, wearing a black helmet with a 360 camera attached to his helmet. After presumably getting a new set of bike frames, he said: 'You've got to get back on or you'll lose your gumption.' The 360 camera showed amazing shots of the street as he cycles away from his home which almost has a drone-like effect above his head. Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9:15am on Channel 5. 