Storms Dudley, Eunice and Franklin all made their presence known to UK residents last week, with gale force winds creating disruption and chaos. Eunice in particular caused large amounts of damage and brought with it snow showers for northern parts of the British Isles. Less than a week on and snow is expected to return once more, but where will be affected by it this time? This week a snow bomb is predicted to hit Scotland, with northern parts of England and Wales, as well as Northern Ireland all due to be affected at different points. Over the weekend, several yellow snow alerts were put in place by the Met Office for northern parts of the UK. Snow showers reached depths in excess of 20cm for higher ground areas, causing significant travel disruption. Could the same scenario end up repeating itself? Read on to find out which areas are forecast snow in the coming days.  READ MORE: Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm Between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning light snow showers will affect the north of Scotland - particularly high-ground areas. WXCharts forecasts showed snow spells could reach up to 10cm in depth. By 6am, these wintry conditions will begin to increase in their intensity, with the Scottish Highlands experiencing between 15cm and 20cm, by 9am. The remainder of the day will stay fairly consistent, until we reach 9pm, when heavier snow showers will start to spread to the northwest of Scotland.  At midnight on Wednesday, snow depths are forecast to grow to 25cm around areas such as Fort William. The Met Office has said on Wednesday we can expect “frequent, blustery showers in the north, turning colder with snow to low levels by evening”. Lighter showers - between one and five centimetres - will start to be felt in northern parts of England, from 3am on Thursday. The English Pennines will be the region that is predominantly affected, with similar conditions forecast for large parts of Northern Ireland.  DON'T MISS: M1 traffic latest: Road blocked after serious crash - huge delays a... [NEWS]Moors murders: 'Sick final twist' in killings after Ian Brady's death [EXPLAINED]Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [INSIGHT] From 6am on Thursday, some parts of northern Wales - particularly Snowdonia National Park - will also experience light snow spells. As Thursday progresses the frequency of snow showers outside of Scotland will start to fall gradually. However, in Scotland the exact opposite will happen. Showers are expected to increase to between 40cm and 50cm in depth for some parts lying on higher ground. These conditions will persist until 3pm on Friday, according to the forecaster, at which point they will gradually start to fall before we head into the weekend.  The British Heart Foundation has recommended the following tips to help you stay warm when the snow falls: Dress in layers and wear a hat, gloves and scarf. Clothes made from wool, cotton or fleecy fabrics are warmest. When you're indoors, wear warm socks and slippers to keep your feet cosy. Close doors and use a keyhole cover to block draughts. Buy thermal linings for curtains to keep the heat in. Keep your main living room at 18C to 21C (64 to 70F) and the rest of your house at 16C (61F) at least. If you can’t heat all the rooms you use, heat the living room during the day and the bedroom just before you go to sleep. 