Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, is currently on a two-day whirlwind trip to Copenhagen in Denmark, leaving her husband Prince William at home with their three children. The popular royal couple are known by many to take a hand-on approach to Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, and have shown several signs they want the youngsters to have a very normal upbringing. William and Kate have often spoken over recent years about their experiences as parents. Back in 2016, the Duke of Cambridge talked about his experiences as a parent and how he has found it with George, who was born in 2013. He said: "The alteration from being a single, independent man to going into marriage and then having children is life-changing. "George is a right little rascal sometimes, he keeps me on my toes, but he's a sweet boy. "And Charlotte, bearing in mind I haven't had a sister, so having a daughter is a very different dynamic. "I adore my children very much and I've learnt a lot about myself and about family just from having my own children." William has accelerated his parenting skills and has picked up a number of tricks and tips when it comes to caring for his brood, according to experts. In public, Royal Family members are not often seen showing affection to their children but in contrast, the duke has been seen laughing, cuddling and holding hands with George, Charlotte and Louis. Dannielle Haig, Principal Psychologist from DH Consulting told Express.co.uk: “The overt affection that Wills and Kate show towards their children is most definitely unusual for the British Royal Family. READ MORE: Queen sparks royal fan frenzy as monarch teases exciting news “But my, how wonderful it is to see. “As a psychologist, it is well known that children need to feel affection, love, and safety from their parents to truly thrive and be happy in life. “To be kept at arm’s length and not shown affection as a child, can have all sorts of negative impacts on a child psychologically and emotionally.” William has also been widely praised after being pictured on several occasions crouching down to his children to talk to them. DON'T MISS'It’s funny Bo - I can call you Bo right' Whoopi Goldberg mocks Boris [COMMENTS]Queen made 'stinging' comment about Kate's 'swanning' around [REPORT]'Coincidence?' Harry and Meghan photos circulate in US as Kate out [PICTURES] This is considered an 'active listening' technique by many experts, where someone pays close attention to what is being said and how it is being said. The technique is also closely connected to being aware of body language, voice inflection and overall attitude. Child psychologists and behavioural experts are big admirers of this, particularly when it is implemented by parents because it is said to make children feel valued and understood. William also reportedly gets his children to write thank you notes to anyone who has helped them - just as Princess Diana used to do with her two sons. A source explained: “William and Kate have developed this brilliant knack of letting as much as they can seem spontaneous and that’s how the children see it. “Table manners, thank you letters, little courtesies are being drilled into the children so they become automatic.”