“We couldn’t sleep, we were so worried when we got penalty tickets. The parking company said we faced paying £300 for not obeying the rules,” Sue and Peter Savory told Crusader as their fear turned to outrage over their justifiable innocence. ++ If you've been affected by this issue or feel you've been a victim of injustice, please contact consumer champion Maisha Frost on maisha.frost@express.co.uk ++; The shameful treatment the 80-year-olds received happened at their medical practice in Axminster, Devon. The couple received the demands from its security company Civil Enforcement (CE) after they parked as usual in the bays reserved for registered disabled users. Sue is increasingly frail because of Parkinson’s disease and relies totally on Peter to manoeuvre her carefully out of their car and guide her gently into the building. But what they were unaware of late last year, when she had several appointments in quick succession, was that a new camera monitoring system had been introduced requiring Blue Badge holders to register at reception. “There was no sign about the change that we could see. It’s not easy for either of us, lifting my wife out of the car, our attention is always on making sure she is safe,” explained Peter. “We self-register at a computer in another part of the building, not reception, where there was no warning. “The parking company’s onslaught really shocked us so we paid the reduced offer for one fine and sent all the proof they asked for. Essentially our representations were rejected.” Axminster Medical Practice told him, rather mystifyingly and open to question in Crusader’s view, that “we have no control over the enforcement of Penalty Charge Notices received in our car park”. CE declared the tickets were “correctly issued in accordance with “the terms and conditions stated”. Both advised Peter of his right to appeal through the Popla service. Surgeries must of course protect car spaces for patients and need help doing that. But the lack of compassion for Peter and Sue seemed to beggar belief. Why make a couple, model sweethearts and an inspiring example of loyalty and resilience, endure more anxiety and spend precious time jumping through convoluted administrative hoops when their explanation was clearly genuine and reasonable? We put this to CE and the surgery and, although we did not hear, Peter and Sue did. The fines have been wiped and the first payment returned. Thanking us Peter said: “Crusader understood that people should never be treated like this. It is our true champion.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ---------------- Crackdown on private parking operators arrives with fairer rules for motorists that are long overdue A Government crackdown on private parking operators in England means, in the main, they will no longer be able to issue parking tickets above £50, and will have to display terms and prices more clearly. Motorists have five minutes grace on arriving and can leave within five minutes without copping a charge. Drivers will have 10-minutes leeway before issuing late charges. Debt collection fees for late tickets will be banned. Failure to do this before now has meant private operators have been able to hike the original charge. This will now be scrapped. A new appeals process is to be set up with drivers seeing it cancelled if they have good reason for overstay, for example a breakdown, made a mistake keying in their number plate, or failed to display their Blue Badge correctly.