Tripadvisor’s prestigious Travellers’ Choice Awards choose the best holiday destinations around the world every year. In the ‘Top Destinations for Sun Seekers’ category, one beautiful location took the top spot. The winner in the 2022 Awards was Cancun, one of Mexico’s most beautiful beach locations. Cancun has plenty to offer British tourists whether they’re looking for a party, a family friendly hotel or a stunning secluded cove. One of the resort’s most beautiful beaches according to Tripadvisor is the gorgeous Playa Delfines. A recent reviewer said: “Go early to enjoy the beach with very few people. Beautiful scenery.” READ MORE: Lanzarote pleads with Spain to drop entry rules for Britons Another said: “Amazing beach. We had a lot of fun. The sand and sun is beautiful, and free outdoor showers are perfect.” The beach has a colourful Cancun sign which many visitors enjoy posing for holiday shots with. British tourists who want to escape the crowds could try venturing to the secluded Isla Blanca in northern Cancun. One reviewer said: “A secluded beach that is totally worth driving to it. They have a small restaurant that serves really good seafood, the staff are friendly and the place superb.” Another said: “If you want to experience a virgin island-like beach this is the place. It’s very far north in Cancun and you will need a reliable car but totally worth it!” One person said: “This is by far my favourite beach of all. The sunsets here are incredible. It’s a great swimming spot.” But Cancun isn’t just a beach destination and one of Mexico’s most important cultural sites is just a day trip from the resort. Chichen Itza is one of the new seven wonders of the world. The Mayan ruins were once a vibrant city. Tourists can explore the archaeological wonder and gain an insight into the incredible and rich Mayan history. While Mexican food is popular in the UK, many favourite dishes here are actually Tex Mex cuisine. Tex Mex originated in the USA and is inspired by traditional Mexican flavours and ingredients. Although fajitas and burritos are delicious, Britons could join a food tour in Cancun to try some less well known dishes. Chilaquiles is a popular breakfast dish of corn tortillas topped with salsa, fried eggs and sometimes pulled chicken. Fajita fans could try cochinita pibil, a slow-roasted pork dish marinated in citrus and served in a banana leaf. Travel experts have reported a rise in bookings to Cancun due to Spain’s tough travel restrictions for teenagers. British tourists can find package holiday deals to Cancun from most major holiday providers including TUI and Thomas Cook. 