This week, the UK and EU are continuing work to resolve post-Brexit trade difficulties in Northern Ireland. The UK and EU’s Joint Committee on implementing the Northern Ireland Protocol met yesterday in Brussels. The body is chaired by UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and European Commission Vice-President Maroš Šefčovič. The Protocol was the part of the Brexit deal governing trade in Northern Ireland after the UK’s exit from the EU. It prevents a hard border with the Republic of Ireland by effectively keeping Northern Ireland in the EU’s single market for goods. However, strict EU checks enforced under the Protocol by Brussels have caused chaos for businesses in Northern Ireland. Inspections on goods entering Northern Ireland from Britain have caused huge delays to supply chains, and created a mountain of extra paperwork for companies, which has increased costs. In October, the EU acknowledged the difficulties businesses were facing, and put forward a plan to scale back its checks on goods entering Northern Ireland. Ahead of yesterday’s meeting of the Joint Committee, the UK had been pushing for a completely new Protocol. JUST IN: Von der Leyen ignored AGAIN on world stage as Macron scrambles to save face – VIDEO As the negotiations between London and Brussels have rumbled on for the last few months, a Spanish lawyer and former politician involved in the Brexit talks took a major swipe at the UK over Brexit. Arancha González Laya, who was Spain’s foreign affairs minister, spoke to Politico last month. She said: “A year later the United Kingdom itself is less united. “And more sovereignty has led to a less sovereign UK. “This is true whether on migration, climate change, innovation, the fight against coronavirus or foreign policy. “It is not that UK negotiators weren’t shrewd enough. Having negotiated with the UK, I know first-hand that they are extremely smart. “It is not that the deal was bad. It is just that it could never live up to the slogans.” Ms González Laya claimed that the idea the UK would regain sovereignty after Brexit is misplaced. She added: “It may seem contradictory but sovereignty today is not about borders but rather about size. “The paradox of today’s more interdependent world is that it is pooling sovereignty that gives governments more tools to protect the interests of citizens and businesses.” DON'T MISS: Trudeau is dividing his country! Tory MP savages Canadian PM over Ottowa protests [LATEST]Channel migrants in UK living in 'inhumane' conditions on less than £6 a day [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think UK should send troops into Ukraine if Russia invades? [ANALYSIS] However, other key figures in the Brexit story pointed to ways the UK has charted its own destiny since it left the EU. Matthew Elliott, who was chief executive of the successful Vote Leave campaign, cited the UK’s rapid Covid vaccine rollout at the start of last year. Initially the UK was fastest of any European country in getting its citizens jabbed against the virus. Mr Elliott told Politico: “The UK led the way in Europe in getting people jabbed, enabling the Government to lift coronavirus restrictions far sooner than any country in the European Union.” The expert also hailed the decision for Ms Truss to take over the Brexit brief from Lord Frost, who resigned last year. He said: “Some people suggest that with David Frost out of Government, progress will slow on Brexit, but in appointing Liz Truss to head up Britain’s EU policy, Boris Johnson couldn’t have picked a stronger champion of business and enterprise to lead the charge.”