In December 2020, serial killer Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) murdered Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White) after she discovered he was to blame for Chantelle Atkins'(Jessica Plummer) death. When the events occurred, the family believed she had run away to escape being prosecuted for an attack on Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt), unaware her body was buried beneath their feet on Albert Square. Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) and Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) joined forces to take down EastEnders lawyer Gray but the discovery of Tina's body could accelerate their plan to expose him. In scenes which are set to air next week, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) threatens to cancel the boxing match Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) set up if they don’t get more people to sign up. Meanwhile, Martin Fowler (James Bye) and Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) persuade Zack Hudson (James Farrar) to enter a cooking competition, so Nancy lets him use the kitchen at The Vic to practice. With only a few participants, Mick tells Janine he will cancel the match leading Janine to turn to Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) for help with signing people up. Kim completes her task but promises whoever beats Mick has free drinks for a year, leaving the landlord frustrated so he asks Janine to ensure he fights the weakest person. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life To his horror, Janine’s plan of drawing a weak person backfires, and things get worse when Mick receives the divorce papers from Linda (Kellie Bright). Zack tells Nancy he is no longer entering the cooking competition, and she opens up about her parents’ divorce. To lift their feelings, Nancy asks him to cook something for her, and she later leans in for a passionate kiss despite the pair agreeing to stay friends. Ignoring the divorce papers, Mick practices for his boxing match but concerned he is not capable, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and Janine take action. Shirley decides to flirt with his competitor, Teddy, in the hope he will become distracted and go easy on Mick. However, her plan backfires and as the fight commences, things get off to a bad start for Mick. But it goes from bad to worse when Nancy and Zack make an appearance before the police show up. DCI Peter Arthurs (Ian Burfield) reveals Tina’s body has been found under the Argee Bhajee. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [WATCH]Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen? [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST] 1567802 Stunned by the news, the Carters' world is turned upside down as they reel from the death of their beloved sister. Suspicious, Shirley tells DCI Arthurs that Tina was taking money from her and Gray said he saw her on the bus. With the police's attention turning to Gray could the game finally be up? There have been many times fans thought Gray would be caught only to find out he is one step ahead. Does Gray have a plan to make it seem she was killed in the explosion planned by extremist Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham)? Enraged at the thought of his sister's death, will Mick take matters into his own hands before Gray can escape? Throughout his reign over Walford, Gray has murdered his wife Chantelle, Tina, Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami), and attempted to kill his children and Whitney. EastEnders currently airs Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday on BBC One.