The ruble has already been a major casualty of measures taken by western countries, including a freeze on the central bank's assets and expulsion of an number of banks from the Swift international payments system. Russia's currency plummeted as much as 30 percent in the wake of sanctions from the US, UK, EU and Canada. On Monday, the central bank announced it would suspend trading on financial markets until at least 3pm Moscow time before further announcing the stock exchange would remain closed until Tuesday. In an indication of what could have been expected, companies exposed to the Russian economy listed on other stock markets have seen major losses today.  Mining company Evraz, which focuses heavily on Russia and counts Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich among its largest shareholders, saw its price on the London Stock Exchange fall over 26 percent on Monday. BP meanwhile saw its share price fall over five percent after it offloaded its 19.75 percent stake in Russian oil giant Rosneft.  A similar move has also been made by Norwegian oil firm Equinor which announced it would pull out of a joint venture in Russia. Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng welcomed the news, adding that he continued to back North Sea gas for energy security. AJ Bell Investment Director Russ Mould said: “Expect a growing investor backlash against anything Russia-related, which explains why gold miner Polymetal has taken another beating, falling another 46 percent. "Year to date the shares have now fallen by two thirds in value, putting the share price at levels not seen since 2015. "Even worse was Sberbank whose London listed shares collapsed by 75 percent. “Many investors are showing solidarity with the Ukraine and no longer believe it is morally right to have anything do with Russia in their portfolio."  Raven Property Group, which specialises in commercial property in Russia, saw its share price in London fall over 20 percent while similar loses were seen by gold miner Petropavlovsk. On Friday, Russian investment bank VTB Capital was banned from trading on the London Stock Exchange after sanctions were announced. While concern grows for Russian stock markets, the Bank of Russia has also been forced to act to try to stem the spiralling depreciation in the ruble. On Monday, it announced it would near double key interest rates in a bid to keep money in accounts as fears grow of a widespread run on the banks.  DON'T MISS: Russian ruble plummets to record low [SPOTLIGHT] Not so fast Vladimir! How SWIFT can slow down Putin's invasion [ANALYSIS]End of British petrol stations as EV revolution looms [INSIGHT]   Pictures have already begun to emerge of queues forming at banks and cash machines as confidence in the ruble declines. In a statement, the Bank of Russia said: "External conditions for the Russian economy have drastically changed. "The increase of the key rate will ensure a rise in deposit rates to levels needed to compensate for the increased depreciation and inflation risks. "This is needed to support financial and price stability and protect the savings of citizens from depreciation." 