Despite surgeons removing a quarter of his lower leg, he can finally get back on the football field and play with his teammates after being given the all-clear from the disease. His delighted mum Kat, 39, who lives in Leicester, said: "He's always been really keen on football and had loved kicking a football around when he was a toddler before he was diagnosed. "He was desperate to start playing when he finished his treatment. It gave him a goal to work for. "To see him on the football field now after everything he has been through is a real achievement, and we are very proud of him." Cohen, now six, was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma - a cancer of the muscle - in his left leg in May 2020 when he was just four years old. Surgeons removed most of his calf muscle and then the skin was pulled together and stitched. Cohen then had to learn to walk again. Ms Earley, who lives with partner Adrian, 37, a warehouseman, and their son, Blake, nine, said: "I was taking family: Kat with and him up to bed one evening when I noticed a lump in his lower leg, the size of a golf ball. I was shocked as it was the first time I'd noticed it. "I took him to the doctors the following morning and he couldn't tell me what it was, and advised me to take him to A and E. "Cohen had never really been ill before, or needed to see a doctor, so it was a big shock to us." Tests were carried out at the hospital and the doctors broke the devastating news to the family that Cohen had cancer.  Ms Earley, a sales adviser, said: "We had never imagined it would be anything as serious as cancer. He was only four years old. It was devastating news." Cohen had surgery to remove a quarter of his lower leg in November that year, and underwent gruelling chemotherapy treatment from June until December. He then had a month of radiotherapy treatment, which finished in January 2021. Ms Earley said: "He was so poorly all the way through the treatment, it was horrendous to watch him going through it. He developed painful mouth ulcers because of the chemotherapy and he had to be tube fed for six months." She added: "He was too young to really understand what was happening to him, and he just cuddled his toy giraffe with him in hospital all the time to try to keep him going." Cohen finally rang the end-oftreatment bell in January this year, and doctors have now given him the all-clear. Ms Earley said: "The one thing he kept asking to do all the way through treatment was to play football again. He was desperate to kick a ball but he had to wait until his leg had recovered and he was strong enough to do so.  Adrian and sons Blake Cohen "To see him ring the end-of-treatment bell was so emotional, it has been such a long battle for him. But he's come through it all and we are so proud of him. "He's such an active lad and he was desperate to get going again after the treatment. He was thrilled when he could finally put his football kit on and kick a football again. It was great to see." Rhabdomyosarcoma is an aggressive cancer and there is a chance of it returning, so Cohen has to have scans and check-ups every three months. Ms Earley added: "He's back enjoying life again, which is the most important thing. The doctors will keep a close eye on him, but at the moment there has been no sign of it coming back. He's full of energy and is back on the football pitch with his older brother, and he's thrilled to be able to play again." 