The UK Government has confirmed that a tax rebate will be available to households as part of a wider support package to tackle rising inflation and soaring energy bills. As part of the rebate, households in bands A to D will get a £150 deduction in their council tax bill. Everyone in these tax brackets make up 80 percent of all people in the UK, according to Government statistics. However, the Government’s recent announcement is not the only deduction someone can get on their council tax bill. Outside of the rebate, Pension Credit claimants may be able to get a council tax reduction if they get the guarantee part of the DWP benefit payment. On top of this, the Council Tax Discretionary Relief (CTDR) is another means of support which is available for those who are unable to pay their bill due to exceptional circumstances and claim the council tax reduction. There have been concerns among organisations, such as Citizens Advice, that the council tax rebate is merely pushing more debt onto households rather than preventing them from being pulled into poverty.  READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Derek Mitchell, the chief executive of Citizens Advice Scotland, emphasised why he believes the rebate does not go far enough in tackling the needs of the country’s most vulnerable. Mr Mitchell explained: “Bluntly, for a lot of people that £150 wouldn’t make a huge difference to their debt, but could make a difference as to whether they can buy food that week. “The biggest driver of debt is people simply not having enough money in the first place. With the cost of living crisis set to squeeze household budgets to breaking point. “We would strongly encourage local authorities to ensure this is a cash payment to people, not paying down debt. “We’d also encourage councils to show flexibility and empathy in the months ahead, the reality is a lot of people are going to face close to impossible choices on bills.” Richard Neudegg, the head of regulation at Uswitch.com, added: “A £150 council tax rebate for those in bands A to D is a welcome contribution to the household budget shortfall, but only begins to scratch the surface of the inflationary challenges millions of homes will be confronting. “Households are facing cost of living challenges from all sides, including increases to National Insurance, interest rates, and even broadband and phone bills. “As with the price cap, the Government risks falling into the same trap of trying to give thin support to everyone instead of focusing on deeper support for those who need it the most. “Increasing the numbers of people who can claim the Warm Homes Discount next year is important, but there’s no commitment to increase the level of the assistance which is currently severely inadequate. “These measures are of course better than nothing, but they are sticking plasters on a challenging year ahead for households. “We urgently need the Government to now look again at how they can ensure proper help is directed to those who need it the most in time for next winter." A HM Treasury spokesperson said: “We understand that people are concerned about pressures on household budgets which is why the Chancellor announced a £9billion package to protect millions against the impact of rising global energy prices. “This policy package balances the need to be progressive and to act fast – the existence of the council tax system allows a payment to be made quickly in April to those who require support. “This includes a £144m Discretionary Fund that gives Local Authorities flexibility to target additional support to families not receiving the Council Tax Rebate.”