Ukraine's foreign minister publicly humiliated Russian President Vladimir Putin in a televised address this afternoon. Dmytro Kuleba boasted that Russia has suffered humiliating losses at the hands of Ukraine's armed forces as fighting in the country entered its fourth day. The televised address, broadcast in English, was seen as a humiliating swipe against Russia on the world stage. It comes as day four of the invasion of Ukraine has seen a reported 4,300 Russians and 210 Ukrainian civilians dead. Mr Kuleba said that Ukraine's "ability to resist" has taken President Putin by surprise as Russia suffers "one defeat after another". The Ukrainian minister said that the surprise losses had forced President Putin to consider negotiations with his Ukrainian counterpart. He said: "For the fourth consecutive day the Ukrainian armed forces and national guard and national police and the entire defence forces resisted and fought back Russian invaders. "The first four days of Russia's invasion, Russia has not achieved a single strategic goal." JUST IN: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires He said: "President Putin had planned to conduct a blitzkrieg to force Ukraine on its knees, break us down, force us to retreat and capture our capital Kyiv. "Not of this has happened. We are bleeding, but we are inflicting disastrous losses on the enemy. "No major city has been captured by the Russians." He pointed to information from Russia's own Ministry of Defence, which confirmed Ukraine had "downed 46 Russian war aircrafts and 26 helicopters". Mr Kuleba added: "We have destroyed 146 tanks, 706 armoured vehicles, 49 cannons, and hundreds of Russian soldiers are prisoners of war." The Ukrainian foreign minister said Kyiv had experienced the worst bombing since 1941, adding President Putin's actions remind Ukrainians of "the pattern of Adolf Hitler". Mr Kuleba added: "This is a war between president Putin and the people of Ukraine. "We are determined to defeat Russia, the same way we defeated the previous monster in Europe 80 years ago. Earlier today, President Putin has ordered his military to put the country’s nuclear deterrence forces on high alert in response to “aggressive statements” by NATO countries. DON'T MISS: Britain hailed after forcing dithering EU to FINALLY back SWIFT move So far, Russia has struggled to seize control of any major population centres as its forces launch missile strikes against Kyiv, Kharkiv and other Ukrainian cities. Earlier today, soldiers in Kharkiv repelled another Russian attack and remain in charge of Ukraine's second city. Regional governor Oleh Synehubov said the city was now rid of Russian troops after street-to-street fighting overnight. Kharkiv regional governor Oleh Synyehubov said: "The control over Kharkiv is completely in our hands! "Armed forces of Ukraine, the national police, the territorial defence forces are working: they are clearing the city of the enemy."