And everyone agrees that – even allowing for social distancing – the message wasn’t overly friendly, with the two world leaders resembling one of those warring couples in a movie who eat dinner in icy silence at either end of a long table. Except there wasn’t even any food – just a funereal arrangement of flowers. I remember once going to a meeting “on the top floor”, which featured Nick Clegg in his days as deputy PM, me and a few other people sitting round a boardroom table the size of an aircraft carrier. I forget what we were talking about, though obviously it was terrifically important. What I do remember was the plate of biscuits stranded in the middle which were meant to go with the coffee. There was no way of reaching the biscuits – and how they arrived there in the first place was a mystery. Were they skimmed across like a puck sliding on ice? Had they been there a long time, maybe a year or two, a plate of inaccessible Hobnobs which might one day turn up on Antiques Roadshow having gone a funny grey colour? As I was the only woman present I vaguely wondered if all these alpha males were expecting me to crawl across the table to retrieve the plate and pass the biccies around in a hostessy manner. You see how your mind can wander at top-level meetings. Very unlike our own Cabinet table. When ministers are photographed en masse in Number 10 it reminds me of one of those Christmas dinners when loads of people who don’t like each other much have to budge up around a table not big enough for the purpose and sit wearing paper hats with their elbows tucked in. In 1968 the Paris peace talks intended to end the Vietnam War were delayed for weeks over arguments about the shape of the table around which they would be held. It was known as the “battle of the tables”. A triangular table was ruled out for ideological reasons as was a round table, a broken diamond and a parallelogram. A Danish mathematician called Piet Hein proposed a “super elliptical” table made to the formula x2.5+[y/a]2.5=1 where a=[.5][√5-1]). Nobody understood that at all. In the end they used a round table originally made for the aborted talks between Khrushchev and Eisenhower in 1960. While Putin may be the most terrifying man in the world, one comfort we can take from the picture is that he has abysmal taste. Like all dictators and oligarchs he goes for big, marble and shiny along with fussy knee-deep carpets and a distinct touch of Madame de Pompadour on steroids. Do say: “What a lovely table decoration.” Don’t say: “Pass the salt.” ---------------------------------------------------------------------- I don’t think that when I was a child I ever got over the disappointment of learning that HM didn’t wear her crown from breakfast to bedtime. Another permanent puzzle was why Prince Philip wasn’t called King Philip, seeing as how he was married to the Queen. None of the adults in my life had a firm enough grasp on constitutional matters to explain that one. So I’m glad to hear that the Firm has scrapped all that Princess Consort nonsense and Camilla will be Queen Camilla. It’s tidier all round. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- It now looks as though – barring a new variant and an upsurge in hospitalisations – all Covid restrictions are to be lifted a month earlier than scheduled. Back to normal after two years – it can’t come soon enough. But just how normal will it really be? There’s been a complete change in attitude to work and education during the pandemic. Employers can no longer assume that employees are prepared to come in to work a five-day week. Everything is now subject to negotiation, factoring in well-rehearsed demands about wellbeing and mental health. If there are public exams this summer, as planned, then they will come with any amount of mitigation and allowances. I heard a group of GCSE pupils being interviewed, bemoaning the fact some will look upon the class of 2022 as having had an easy ride. They’re right to be concerned. It’s not so much that we all need to get back to normal. It’s more that we need to get back to the boring reality of humdrum obligations. The holiday’s over. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- I’ve never found Jimmy Carr the slightest bit funny so there was no chance of me seeing his Netflix “joke” about the Holocaust. I’d rather watch the test card. (If there is still such a thing as a test card or has it been pensioned off now that TV is never off air?). And it’s been a long time since anything on TV has made me laugh out loud until This Is Going To Hurt began on BBC One last week. It stars Ben Whishaw (left) in an adaptation of Adam Kay’s best-selling book describing his life as a junior doctor on the obstetrics and gynaecology ward. It’s blisteringly funny and a real antidote to the syrupy and now ridiculously woke Call The Midwife. In fact I’m quite surprised that in the current climate of instant offence-taking this series actually got made. Though there’s no doubt that the hero’s heart is in the right place, even when he’s making jokes about other organs. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- The Natural England quango has called on farmers to replace stiles with gates, so as to make the countryside more accessible to less able visitors and ramblers. And yes, a picturesque wooden style or kissing gate are not much use to wheelchair users, or anyone with mobility problems. It’s a tricky one. Because there’s something delightful about coming to an ancient stile when you’re out on a walk. ----------------------------------------------------------------------  Of course, they serve a practical function as a way of keeping animals from straying where they shouldn’t go. But for a minute you feel connected to the land and it’s history. As the 19th-century poet John Clare wrote in a poem called May, “He lolls upon each resting stile / To see the fields so sweetly smile.” But if you have no hope of getting over the stile then it’s a moment of intense frustration. Back in 2015, the 79-mile-long Yorkshire Wolds Way, one of 15 national trails in Wales and England, was the first to announce that it was stile-free, having got rid of 120 of them. Good news for many. But a little sad too.