Bridgerton season two lands on Netflix next month, with the smash-hit show launching its cast into a now global spotlight. Anthony Bridgerton actor Jonathan Bailey recently appeared on The One Show to talk about a West End play he will appear in and the period drama. The 33-year-old is currently rehearsing for a play written by Mike Bartlett that stars movie star Taron Egerton and opens next month. While appearing on the BBC show to talk about that production and the worldwide sensation that is Bridgerton, presenters Alex Jones and Ronan Keating had a surprise for the Olivier Award winner. Having already talked about his skills as a singer and actor, the duo wanted to know about his moves on the dance floor. Alex said: "We talked about singing and acting, but also, we know that you love dancing." Read More: ‘Why don’t we just cancel fun!’ Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash Johnny chimed in over Alex to say: "Don't make me dance." "We have proof, oh yes! We had a word with your old dance teacher, she sent us this very fetching picture," the host replied. A black and white image of the star as a small boy doing the splits and smiling flashed up on the screen as he said: "are you kidding me!" Proud of their handy work, Alex simply said: "No, I'm not." Planting his face into his hands he joked: "You are joking; this is outrageous." His theatre co-star Targon was amused but also shocked as he laughed and looked puzzled at the photo. The embarrassment didn't end there as the Welsh presenter had a quote from his old dance teacher. "You weren't a natural dancer, but you were a hard worker." DON’T MISS… Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville Parker's future on BBC series [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise season 11 episode 8 cast: Who is in the finale?[LATEST]  When asked what was going on in the photo, he couldn't remember but joked: "It's the beginning of a long career right there." Both he and the Kingmans actor struggled to talk about their new show without saying what it was called during the show, which entertained viewers highly. The show is titled C**k and explores sexuality, and is directed by the award-winning Marianne Elliot. He gagged: "To find out what it's called, you might have to Google The Ambassadors Theatre." Ronan added: "Jonathan, as you said, it's got a bit of a cheeky title which we won't be mentioning tonight." It didn't take long for the fanbase of the Shondaland period drama to share their input on the adorable photo. @see75 tweeted: "Just caught up on watching #taronegerton and #jonathanbailey on #TheOneShow. Love how they surprised them with photos of their early appearances on stage. I actually saw Taron as the Artful Dodger! He stood out back then! Can't wait to see them both in their new play." @Maionegg sympathised with the star: "I just almost died laughing #theoneshow poor Jonny." "#TheOneShow are refusing to name the title of the new play C**k. Hilarious," @rozlaws quipped. The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.