Daniil Medvedev has used his new world No 1 status to make a plea amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The Russian player has risen to the top of the rankings after a successful year which saw him win the US Open, and ended the Big Four’s 18-year reign at the world No 1 spot. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has been condemned by a number of sports stars and organisations, with the International Tennis Federation indefinitely suspending all tournaments in Russia. Some of the country’s own athletes have shown solidarity with Ukraine, and Medvedev was one who took to his social media accounts to share an impassioned call for peace shortly before his new world No 1 ranking was confirmed. The 26-year-old knocked Djokovic off the top spot, becoming the first man outside of the Serb, Federer, Nadal and Murray to hold the No 1 ranking since February 1 2004. Just hours before the ATP rankings were officially updated and published to reflect Medvedev’s new status as the top man in the sport, he delivered a message in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. JUST IN: Djokovic given US Open hope amid Indian Wells ban over vaccine status  “Do you all remember what I have said after Australian Open final?” the Russian wrote. “This story was just about me, my childhood dreams. And today I want to speak on behalf of every kid in the world.” Medvedev referenced his post-match press conference at the conclusion of the Australian Open final, in which he shared his childhood dream and admitted he was “no longer” dreaming after being disappointed with the crowd for cheering his faults and errors. Continuing his heartfelt plea on social media, he said: “They all have dreams, their life is just starting, so many nice experiences to come: first friends, first great emotions. Everything they feel and see is for the first time in their lives.” DON’T MISSNadal reveals key to form amid Djokovic fight with 'special' commentRaducanu told not to make panicked decision as Brit sent warningNadal addresses Federer record after beating Norrie in Mexican Open  The 13-time title winner had already asked for peace during one of his press conferences at this week’s Mexico Open, and after becoming world No 1 he doubled-down on his message. “That’s why I want to ask for peace in the world, for peace between countries,” he continued. “Kids are born with inner trust in the world, they believe so much in everything: in people, in love, in safety and justice, in their chances in life. “Let’s be together and show them that it’s true, cause every kid shouldn’t stop dreaming.” The new world No 1 isn’t the only Russian player to condemn his country’s actions. World No 6 Andrey Rublev wrote his own plea on the camera at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships last week, going viral for his “no war please” message. And Medvedev had already asked for peace while playing at the Mexico Open last week, saying: "By being a tennis player I want to promote peace all over the world. "We play in so many different countries. I've been in so many different countries as a junior and as a pro. "It's just not easy to hear all this news. I'm all for peace."