The Russian premier's thinly veiled threat drew immediate condemnation as a rekindling of Cold War tensions from which Europe has barely recovered. On Monday, the Putin regime doubled down following a raft of new sanctions and named UK foreign secretary Liz Truss in its reasoning for the threat. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov branded the recent stance against Russia "absolutely unacceptable" and called out the "British foreign minister" despite saying he would not announce "the authors of these statements by name". There are only a handful of countries officially recognised as nuclear-capable, with the UK among the best equipped. Only Russia and the US have awarded stockpiles in the four-figure range, with 6,257 and 5,550 each respectively, meaning they hold 90 percent of the world's total supply between them. The UK is one of five nations with three-figure stockpiles, with 225 warheads at its disposal. READ MORE: How far will a nuclear blast reach? What happens if Putin attacks Kyiv These are peppered across static and mobile locations, defining the country's varied tactical approach. Any nuclear weapons not deployed for potential use will spend their time in vaults or engineering facilities. The two vaults used for nuclear weapons are in Scotland at the Royal Naval Armaments Depot (RNAD) in Coulport, and Her Majesty's Naval Base (HMNB) in Clyde. The Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE) handles missiles needing repair at one of its four sites. AWE, which is also responsible for manufacturing, has two "main" locations at Aldermaston and Burghfield. From there, staffers carry out construction and research work, supported by two other locations at Blacknest and Coulport. The AWE is not responsible for launching the missiles it manufactures or repairs. That responsibility falls to the UK's sole nuclear deterrent system, Trident. The Trident programme first came to be in 1980 and is a mobile delivery system composed of four Vanguard-class submarines. Operated by the Royal Navy, they carry approximately eight UGM-133 Trident II missiles each. They also have a steady supply of warheads, around 40 each. While the missiles come from US manufacturer Lockheed Martin, the warheads are British, made at the AWE. These Submarine Launched Ballistic Missiles (SLBMs) launch from the ship's body into the atmosphere. After launch, they use multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles (MIRVs) to zero in on their intended destinations with an "unlimited" total range. Trident submarines supply a continuous presence at sea, with at least one operational at a time. When not patrolling, the submarines stay put at the Clyde Naval Base in Scotland.