Netflix’s heart-wrenching series After Life followed Tony Johnson (played by Ricky Gervais) a journalist who was struggling to cope with the aftermath of his wife’s death. In the series Diane Morgan portrayed Kath and after a scene was deemed controversial, the actress proudly defended Gervais.  After landing on the streaming platform in 2019 the dark comedy to viewers by storm and quickly gained a heap of fans, many of whom were seeing Gervais in a new light. For three seasons, After Life explored grief and the process of coping with life after the loss of a loved one. Tony’s wife Lisa (Kerry Godliman) had died after a battle with breast cancer, which led to him even contemplating taking his own life. However, viewers watched as his beloved dog Brady (Anti) gave him a new lease of life as the German Shepherd depended on Tony to survive. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? The pilot episode of the series caused a stir as some viewers complained about a scene where Tony hit back at a kid who labelled him a “pedo.” In the scene, he walked past a school where the children happened to be in the playground. After spotting his nephew amongst the other children Tony said: “Hi George,” to which the youngster responded: “Hi.” As he continued walking past the school gate, another child proceeded to shout “pedo” at Tony for talking to George. This stopped him in his tracks and led Tony to respond: “I’m not a pedo and if I was you’d be safe, you tubby, little c**t.” After the scene aired a number of viewers complained, threatened to switch off and labelled the actor inappropriate. Gervais’ co-star Diane Morgan recently defended the scene during an interview and stated: “If you just saw that scene, you’d think it was a funny scene. “But because you know it comes out of anger, he just doesn't care anymore and this grief, her goes through anger and he’d given up.” DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]After Life star teases spin-off as they open up on ‘incredible’ series [INSIGHT]After Life’s June star on ‘life-changing’ aspect of the series [INSIGHT] The actress continued: “He just said ‘I don’t care if I offend people anymore, I don’t care I’m just going to say what I think.’ “So if you see it in context, it's brilliant because you see every stage of grief and he’s got to go there.” June star Jo Hartley who was also in the same interview added: “We push it for it to be that effective afterwards. “It’s to show the reasons why because we all do things in anger and we do things when we’re blind to feeling sad and angry. The actress added: “That’s what we have to see, life is like that and then some, it's not always happy.” Lenny’s Tony Way shared: “Also, it shows the evolution of the character as well because I don’t think the character in season three would do that. “The character’s understanding it’s not all about him and there are people with other issues too and it's probably better to help them than have a go.” However it didn’t stop there, after finding out the same child was bullying his nephew, Tony proceeded to threaten the boy with a hammer. After Life seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix. 