Vikings: Valhalla makes its Netflix debut on February 25 and the series acts as a prequel to the Amazon Prime Video original. Set a century after the tales of Ragnar Lothbrok (played by Travis Fimmel), his ancestors fight to protect what he achieved. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast of the sequel series. Leif is a Greenlander whose father is the notorious Erik the Red. He maintains his father's pagan beliefs but is new to the Viking world and has a lot to learn about religious feuds. Leif is a famous traveller and a talented sailor, played by Sam Corlett. Sam is a 26-year-old actor and model who has previously starred in The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina as Caliban.  Freydis is Leif's sister who is much more fiery and headstrong than her brother. She stands by her pagan beliefs and has a challenging destiny ahead of her. Freydis is played by Frida Gustavsson, a 28-year-old Swedish model and actress. Her other credits include The Inspector and the Sea, and The Witcher. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla: What happened during the St Brice's Day massacre? Harald is the great-grandson of Harald Finehair and the prince of Norway, who one day hopes to become king. He uses his charisma and ambition to try and unite Christian and pagan Vikings together. Harald is played by Leo Suter, a 28-year-old English actor who has starred in Sanditon and Beecham House. His other credits include Clique, Victoria and the film Maleficent.  Canute is the King of Denmark and with his firm but fair approach, he is respected by many. He is wise yet ruthless, keeping his enemies close for the good of his people. Canute is played by Bradley Freegard, a Welsh actor who once played Gethin Williams in EastEnders. His other credits include Casualty and Doctors, as well as a number of other Welsh shows.  Liv is one of the Greenlanders who is a good friend of Freydis and Leif. Her relationship with Leif goes beyond friendship. She is played by Lujza Richter, an actress who has previously starred in Phantom Thread and Dracula. Olaf is the older half-brother of Harald and he is first in line to become King of Norway. He is ruthless and unforgiving - the polar opposite of his brother. Olaf is played by Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson, a 42-year-old Icelandic actor known for his roles in Game of Thrones and The Innocents.  Jarl Haakon is the new leader of Kattegat and she is a great warrior. She has managed to maintain peace across the city, which is open to all faiths. The leader becomes a mentor to Freydis, and she is played by Caroline Henderson. Henderson is a Swedish jazz singer and this is only her second small screen appearance on an international scale. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla: How is Harald Sigurdsson linked to original series? [INSIGHT] Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped [INTERVIEW] Vikings Valhalla showrunner hints at major religious war [INSIGHT] Emma is the wife of King Aethelred and although she is young, she is independent and headstrong. Hailing from the Norman court in France, she is a sharp and capable leader. Emma is played by Laura Berlin, a 31-year-old German actress and model whose recent credits include Breaking Even and Einstein. Earl Godwin is chief counsellor to King Aethelred but it is not clear where his true loyalties lie. He is cunning and savvy and knows how to sway people to his advantage. He is played by David Oakes, a 38-year-old English actor and environmentalist. Oakes is known for his roles in The White Queen and Victoria. The prince is King Aethelred's son and is Emma of Normandy's stepchild. He is first in line to inherit the throne but it is not a fate he is ready for. Edmund is played by Louis Davison, a 23-year-old actor who has previously starred in Find Me in Paris and Poldark.  Aethelred is the King of England and one wrong decision he makes ruins the peace between Christian and Pagan Vikings. He is played by Bosco Hogan, a 73-year-old Irish stage and screen actor. He played Dr Michael Ryan on the TV series Ballykissangel.  Aelfgifu is the wife of King Canute and she often uses her charm to get what she wants. She is keen to gain just as much respect from those who look up to her husband. She is played by Pollyanna McIntosh, a 42-year-old Scottish actress and director who plays Jadis Stokes in The Walking Dead: World Beyond and the original Walking Dead series.  Sweyn is King Canute's father and he has a different leadership style to his son. He can be manipulative and will do whatever it takes to protect his family's future. He is played by Søren Pilmark, a Danish actor known for his theatre roles. The star is part of the comedy and musical group Ørkenens Sønner.  Vikings: Valhalla airs on Netflix on February 25.