Formula One fans who purchased tickets for this year's Russian Grand Prix have been urged not to request a refund with the possibility the race could still go ahead as planned. F1 officials were facing serious questions this week about the scheduled race in Russia later this year after Vladimir Putin sent in troops to invade Ukraine. Drivers such as Sebastian Vettel and Max Verstappen led the way in announcing they would not want to race in Russia due to current events. Haas also stripped all Uralkali sponsorship from their VF-22 in Friday's testing with doubts being raised on Nikita Mazepin racing for the team this season. F1 teams held a meeting in Barcelona to discuss plans moving forward where it was decided the Russian Grand Prix would be scrapped from the current schedule. The statement read: "On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances." JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin's reply as Haas consider cancelling Russian's contract  But fans who have already bought tickets to attend the Russian Grand Prix have been asked not to request a refund after the announcement from F1 officials. According to Russian Grand Prix promoter ANO ROSGONKI, there is still a chance the race could go ahead as planned. The statement read: "According to the official statement released by Formula 1 on 25/02/2022, due to the current political situation in the world, the FIA has decided to suspend preparations for the Formula 1 World Championship round in Russia previously scheduled to be held in Sochi in September 2022 because it is impossible to hold it in the current circumstances. "The agreement between the official Russian Grand Prix promoter ANO 'ROSGONKI' and Formula 1 is suspended due to force majeure events. DON'T MISS  "The purchased tickets are not cancelled – there is no need to get refunds for them now because it is still possible that the round will take place and will be held as previously scheduled. "ANO 'ROSGONKI' continues its business as usual providing services to the Sochi Autodrom guests, as well as organising and holding motorsport and other events of the federal, regional and municipal level as part of the event calendar approved." Mazepin issued a response on Friday to speculation over his immediate future in F1. "To my fans and followers - it's a difficult time and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done," he wrote via Twitter. "I'm choosing to focus on what I CAN control by working hard and doing my best for my @HaasF1Team. My deepest thanks for your understanding and support." The 22-year-old's father, Dmitry, is chairman of Haas' main sponsor Uralkali and has been pictured meeting Vladimir Putin in the past. Haas reportedly fear that sanctions on Uralkali could restrict their funding in the near future.