 Experts have warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to send troops into eastern Ukraine this week could have knock-on effects on UK food prices. While millions of Britons are already battling tax hikes, rising mortgage costs and sky-high inflation, a conflict between Russia and Ukraine would likely pile even more pressure on strained household budgets.     A war in Ukraine, dubbed the “breadbasket of Europe”, would risk driving up UK food prices and threaten to cause higher and more prolonged inflation. Eastern Europe is also one of the largest grain-producing regions in the world, with Russia and Ukraine supplying a quarter of the world’s wheat and half of the world’s sunflower products such as seeds and oil. The two countries also account for around 19 percent of world corn supplies. There are concerns that military conflict would impact the movement of these crops and send shock waves down the supply chain.   UK food prices are already rising at their fastest rate in nearly a decade as inflation continues to soar, with prices of many household food essentials such as beef, bread, eggs and dairy products rising at more than 10 per cent per year. Analysts have warned that the situation will get much worse if conflict breaks out, sending the price of staple supermarket items such as bread to new heights if wheat and grain supplies from Eastern Europe reduce. Analysts at Rabobank have warned that the war could impact half of Ukraine’s grains production and double global wheat prices, the Telegraph reported. Conflict in the region could lead to significant disruption to trade around the Black Sea which would fuel higher prices as Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan and Romania all ship grain from ports in the area. READ MORE: Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin   Susannah Streeter, senior investment analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, told MailOnline: “The extra pounds on bills are piling up for families, with the increase in fuel, energy and grocery bills set to hit lower income households harder. “With budgets being squeezed further the likely knock on effect of a fresh rise in prices, caused by the escalating situation in Ukraine, would be a blow to consumer confidence after lockdown savings are increasingly worn away.” Higher gas prices which have already climbed since Russia’s invasion will also take a toll on food prices through the cost of fertiliser and transport. Gas prices sky-rocketed on Tuesday after Germany halted the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline as Western countries cracked down on Russia in response to Putin’s aggression. Russia supplies 40 per cent of Europe’s gas.  DON'T MISS:Russia-Ukraine LIVE: Lithuania & Poland spark Putin FURY [LIVE]Diane Abbott must be booted out! Boris demands Starmer take action [BREAKING]Putin's Ukraine threat is close call for nuclear conflict [LATEST]   British farmers are already facing a fertiliser crisis due to a block on fertiliser chemicals exported by Russia which has seen prices double. An unprecedented rise in the price of gas has also driven up the price of fertiliser with farmers struggling to cope alongside soaring energy bills, spiralling fuel costs and supply chain disruption. Although Britain is less reliant on Russia for gas than continental Europe, experts say there will be a knock-on effect on the global wholesale market which will drive up prices. There are also warnings that tough economic sanctions imposed on Russia by the UK and other western countries could also push up energy bills and inflation, further fuelling the cost of living crisis. World food prices are already nearing a 10-year high led by strong demand for wheat and dairy products, according to the United Nations Food agency. 