Storm Franklin has triggered 187 flood warnings across the UK, leaving millions of homes at risk. As the third storm to be named in just one week, the Met Office has issued nationwide warnings for damage to property while the adverse weather continues. With flood warnings spanning from Carlisle to the Dorset coast, households up and down the country could face severe water damage, but what can you do to limit the impact on your home? Floodwater can enter your property through a number of different avenues, including doors, patios, drained and pipe systems. Implementing a few short term flood-resistant measures will prevent water seeping into your property, saving you both time and money when the time comes to confront the damage. While this solution is a very short-term fix, using coverings to seal off any potential openings into your home is essential to block flowing water. Invest in covers to close off air bricks, pet flaps and appliance vents to prevent water from seeping into your home. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘brilliant’ trick for cleaning oven trays Sandbags are a must-have for households living in flood-prone areas. Use this tried-and-tested hack for your own property to ward off contaminated mud as the flooding reaches your home. Make use of plastic sheeting underneath the weight of the sandbags to create a double-layered barrier to the water. AXA Insurance recommends using removable door and window barriers to seal off any invisible gaps in the framework. Structural damage is the obvious place to begin when it comes to protecting your home from floods, but what about your most treasured belongings? Rather than waiting for the flood to hit, consider which personal items you can move right now to keep them safe from water damage. Place smaller belongings into a sturdy safe or airtight box and keep them well away from ground level. Keep a list of other valuable furniture or electrical items which can be moved safely when a flood is forecast. DON'T MISSAre garden fences covered by insurance? Why you should read fine print [REVEAL]Gardening jobs to do this weekend: Thee 10 plants to prune right now [INSIGHT]Storm Franklin triggers over 180 flood warnings - are you at risk? [LATEST] Electrical injuries are a serious cause for concern in the event of a flood, but there is one way to avoid them. If water is about to enter your property, turn off your electricity supply using the isolator switch or fuse box. You should only ever do this if it is completely safe to do so and should be avoided if you have to stand in water to get it done. Use a flood kit packed with torches and portable chargers to keep yourself safe and contactable in the event of severe flooding. You should also turn off the gas and water supply if a flood warning is issued. A quick read of your home insurance policy won’t go amiss here - and it could save you thousands. Check over your policy to see what’s included in your cover in terms of household flooding. Always read the small print to avoid being caught out by crafty weather clauses which could make flood claims invalid. Make any necessary amendments to your cover and keep a close eye on limitations to repair costs or financial thresholds for replacing damaged goods. Varying announcements are currently in place across the UK, ranging from low-level flood alerts to more serious flood warnings. While all alerts of flooding should be taken seriously, it is important to understand the true meaning of the three codes used by the Environment Agency.  