Staring at the rectangular glass façade of 22 Kirova Street, you could be just about anywhere in the suburban business world. It has the dusty M25 fringe-feel of Potters Bar. The only thing distinctly Russian about this place is, reportedly, what goes on inside. For inside here one of the most brazen government-backed state hacking operations became operationalized. Russia’s military intelligence (GRU) unit 74455 - known through certain memorable monikers as Sandworm, Telebots, Voodoo Bear and Hades – use malware, keyloggers and surveillance intelligence products – to bring down global supply chains, ransack sensitive government and consumer data. Sidelines include intimidation of foreign populations with website defacements and proactive social media ‘interventions’. The end-result is so confusing, that not even government leaders who are arch-victims of this international subterfuge (including Donald Trump), appear to work it out. Why do this? The answer of ‘because Russia can’ is appended to a much firmer, longer-term, strategic objective: to tire us out. Some of these hacks, perpetrated by geeks in hoodies and trainers, cause vivid international embarrassment. As in the case of website defacements at the Japan and South Korea Olympics, or in taking France’s TV Monde channels off-air. But many of 74455’s cyber-attacks cause severe, untold, economic and societal damage. The NotPetya ransomware attack launched by Russia-backed hackers against Ukraine’s governmental IT systems in 2017, has so far been the largest known international incursion. The initial target was crippled. But then the wiper malware (with no known coding solution) spread quickly through an international superhighway of web servers. For weeks, global shipping supplies and medical research halted. Critical medical records vanished. Patient updates rendered inaccessible. £10bn of operational damage accrued across thousands of firms and public services; each providing essential services and livelihoods to consumers and users who would never wish to pick a fight with President Putin or anybody else. The cyber ‘backdraft’ also caused massive damage to Russian firms damaged. Some irreparably, too. Most state-sanctioned hackers – dubbed “cyber patriots” by President Putin - are deliberately kept at arms-length from the state apparatus. They are plausibly deniable with many agencies and mercenary-hacking groups duplicating, collaborating and competing to attack high-asset western targets. But – amid this jungle of hackers-for-hire - tell-tale signs of an omnipotent, offensive national cyberspace strategy remain. During April 2021, a Russia-based cyber-crime syndicate called DarkSide gained access into an employee’s virtual private network account at the Colonial Pipeline in south east USA. Soon the team escalated access control privileges up to a level where - they claimed - they could shut down the 5500-mile, 3bn barrel-per-day, oil supply. Taking no chances, company representatives paid up a ransom 75 Bitcoin ($4bn). But not before news of the outage cascaded. Panic buying spread, fuel prices soared. Supplies ran out in some states. This is just one example of what a cyber attack into the UK could look like. Elsewhere, where nations have been deemed to have insulted the Kremlin’s version of ‘Mother Russia’, online banking has been disabled, broadcast and media organizations jammed and taken off-air, government websites defaced with threats, public email services terminated, while terabytes of personal information is relayed onto dark-web-based cyber-crime gangs as well as relevant government agencies. How can we be sure that this threat originates from Russia? After all, hackers can mask their IP addresses and locations with VPN and other network tools. Cyber investigators therefore look for other signs to pinpoint the location and motivation of attackers. With DarkSide, their offensive software checks the recipient system's location and language to avoid machines communicating in former Soviet Union countries as well as Syrian Arabic. Presumably, so that Russian military operations, designed to safeguard President Assad’s rule and crush ISIS affiliates, are not interrupted. Although many cyber experts conclude DarkSide are not directly Russian state-controlled, the group launch attacks only against western infrastructure, and IT services firms that support it. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Another clue is that DarkSide uses code almost identical to another Russian cyber gang, REvil, a ransomware-as-a-service provider. REvil (‘Sodinokibi’) had, reportedly, stolen confidential schematics from tech giant, Apple. Although Russian officials consistently denied knowing about REvil, this group was shut down just days after President Biden’s formal protest earlier this year. President Putin knows that in the murky world of cyber warfare most things can be denied, and most things can be achieved. Designed as a cogent tool of hybrid modern warfare, some Russia-based entities do appear to deploy cyber-attacks in the same manner that the dubious Free Syrian Army alliance used the terror-group ISIS: as a pre-invasion battering ram and for wider societal psychological demoralization. Essentially, a ‘force multiplier’ in military science terms. All the while, those on the receiving end, also those negotiating peace agreements, don’t quite know who the real enemy is. Why would a nation state’s government – especially one so keen to garner international respect – behave in such a risky manner? There are so many reasons, but one stands out. To inflict uncertainty among competitors and adversaries. To create dilemmas within our society and sow seeds of instability across and within NATO’s hitherto secure, liberal, member states. Uncertainty causes tiredness. Tired societies give up and lose wars. This core belief is why cyber warfare is President Putin’s first weapon of choice. And why your computer and smartphone has effectively become his frontline. Richard Bingley is director at the cyber threat intelligence forum, CSARN and author of several security books including ‘Terrorism: Just The Facts’