Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin, 53, has finally told fans about her “exciting” new venture into the world of podcasts. Louise, who presented the morning show for almost 20 years, revealed she will be fronting Push Your Peak in partnership with indoor bike company, Wattbike. Louise announced the news on her Instagram story to her 128,000 followers. She wrote: “I am very excited to tell you about my new podcast with @wattbike #pushyourpeak,” alongside a glimpse at the podcast’s cover artwork. In a trailer, Louise explained that the series will see her sit down with “superhumans who have done extraordinary things”. She said: “Push Your Peak is a brand new podcast brought to you by Wattbike. Join me, Louise Minchin, and some of the world’s most incredible sportspeople to learn what it takes mentally and physically to push yourself beyond your limits. READ MORE:Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap “Whether you are an elite or everyday athlete, it can be hard to continually progress. “How do you push yourself out of your comfort zone? Where do you go to find that inner drive? “Tune in to hear these inspiring stories and take away the belief that you can achieve your own goals no matter how big or small.” The journalist also revealed her first guest will be cyclist Mark Beaumont, who holds the record for cycling around the world in less than 79 days. The first episode of Push Your Peak will be available on Wednesday wherever you get your podcasts. You can also catch Louise hosting the Her Spirit podcast which aims to “inspire women everywhere to live a healthier, happier life.” It comes after Louise completed a month-long bike journey across Argentina with athlete Mimi Anderson. Once she returned to the UK, Louise tried to summarise the gruelling challenge in a heartfelt message. DON'T MISSJamal Edwards' selfless act for mum Brenda after her cancer diagnosis[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other'[INSIGHT]‘So silly!’ Richard Madeley shuts down Meghan and Harry fans[NEWS] She penned: “It’s hard to sum up the 1,200 kilometre journey on my bike from the border between Chile and Argentina at 3,800 metres high in the Andes to Buenos Aires. “These photos capture many of my emotions, excitement, elation, exhaustion and most importantly friendship.” The presenter then thanked her companion, Mimi, for motivating her along the way. She continued: “Thank you to @marvellousmimi for letting me accompany her on the epic #TransandeanTestPilot. “It was indeed a test of endurance and courage that I will never forget.” She thanked fans and loved ones for their encouragement and promised she will detail the experience in her new book, Adventures With Superwomen. Louise left BBC Breakfast last September and revealed her decision was motivated by not wanting to face another winter of early morning alarms. She told The Mirror: “I find the early morning really difficult and another winter of the dark mornings was not what I wanted to do anymore. “I just thought ‘I can’t face another winter’, because I’ve worked out over the last 20 years there’s about six weeks in the year when I go to work and it’s light, and those are the six weeks that I find the easiest."