The news that Oti Mabuse was turning her back on Strictly Come Dancing dismayed fans, following her seven year stint on the show and a record-breaking double Glitterball win in two consecutive years. Despite her rise to fame on the series, she nonetheless announced her plans for a departure yesterday - and was quickly labelled a "little diva" by fellow star Neil Jones. The pro dancer paid tribute to her on Instagram, imploring: "Babes babes what can I say, you know I will miss you because who else am I just going to [cry with laughter] with just by looking at them because you know what I’m thinking? "I'm so proud of everything you are doing! He added cheekily: "Just please remember my name the next time we meet and answer your phone you little diva!" The South African star had initially given up her life in South Africa and a potential career in mechanical engineering like her sister Phemelo, instead abandoning it for the bright lights of the British showbiz stage. READ NOW: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death Since then, she claimed the Strictly trophy in 2019 along with Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure star Kelvin Fletcher, followed by another win the following year with comedian Bill Bailey. She has had a judging role on The Greatest Dancer, plus, in 2022, she added to her judging experience by joining the Dancing On Ice panel. After her big announcement that she would become part of the Dancing On Ice team, it was widely speculated that she would leave Strictly behind, with sources claiming she had become "too big" for the show.  The Daily Mail reported that her 35-year-old sister Phemelo, who has had success on the South African edition of Strictly back home, might have been in talks to take Oti's place.  "Thank you @sarahjamesface@jack.will.g and @jasongilkison for truly believing in me. "You are my family and I adore you all forever." The emotional South African dancer, whose sister Motsi is also well-known on the UK dance circuit, added that she now regards the UK as her home. "I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank You from the bottom of my heart," she wrote. "I can’t put in to words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. "Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family especially, friends, strictly fans and judges who have been my support throughout my strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! "You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made everyday unforgettable! I love you. "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!"