Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has delivered his say on the potential of having a new Formula 1 rival, as former McLaren man Michael Andretti bids to add an 11th team to the championship. Andretti is hoping to make his way back into the sport after his Sauber buyout bid failed last year. The American is looking to introduce Andretti Global into the championship, however his attempts so far look to have fallen on death ears with F1 bosses. This came after his father Mario - the 1978 F1 champion - revealed that his son had expressed his interest after giving an update on Twitter. He wrote: “Michael has applied to the FIA to field a new F1 team starting in 2024. JUST IN: F1 fans call for Russian Grand Prix boycott as Ukraine war threat escalates  “His entry, Andretti Global, has the resources and checks every box. “He is awaiting the FIA's determination.” One man who is seemingly opposed to Andretti’s team making the move into F1 is Mercedes chief Wolff, who has insisted that ‘ten teams are already enough’ for the championship, as quoted by Auto Motor und Sport. Another one of the Mercedes man’s worries is the dilution of the circuit’s funds, as he added: “More than that [ten teams] only dilutes the income.” DON'T MISS With this in mind, it has been reported that Andretti would be required to pay an ‘anti-dilution fee’ of £148million in order to join the circuit successfully. The American’s hopes of breaking into the sport though could well have already taken a blow, after Formula 1 CEO Stefano Domenicali revealed last year that he was satisfied with the current 10-team layout of the championship. He told Autosport last year: “I do believe that it's important to keep the value of the actual franchises or teams, because that really can make the difference in terms of their sustainability. “I would prefer to keep a better sustainability with the teams that are actually here.”  Andretti’s attempts to break onto the circuit with his team is further evidence of America’s new keen interest in the sport. This has seemingly come since the success of the sport’s behind-the-scenes Netflix series ‘Drive to Survive’, which has proved a big hit in the States. As a result, Formula 1 will make two trips to the US in 2022, with the new Miami Grand Prix added to the schedule alongside the annual United States Grand Prix in Austin, Texas. 