Nicholas Latifi is hoping the death threats he received at the end of last season can help others and has called for social media abuse to be spoken about more widely in Formula One. The Williams racer was the target for trolls after his crash, which inadvertently played a part in deciding the outcome of the title race. When the Canadian crashed his Williams with half-a-dozen laps to go in Abu Dhabi, he surely had no idea what chain of events was about to occur. The appearance of the safety car was a-given, but after that came all the drama and controversy. Race director Michael Masi made the call for the lapped cars between Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton to move past the safety car, allowing the Red Bull ace to close right up to his rival. Then, Masi fast-tracked the process to bring the safety car in for racing to resume for the final lap, with the idea that the title would be decided under race conditions. Verstappen, on his much newer and softer tyres, was able to easily move past Hamilton and become world champion for the first time. There was a lot of anger from Mercedes in the immediate aftermath, and that was reflected by the response of Silver Arrows fans on social media as well. Despite his crash being accidental, Latifi was a target for some who accused him of costing Hamilton the title. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's messages to Latifi after star hired bodyguards The Williams racer later revealed that he had received death threats and other abusive messages, which encouraged him to hire a security team on a recent trip to London. He hopes to use his experiences to help force a discussion on how such incidents are handled by F1 bosses. "It is a very serious topic, especially now more than ever," Latifi said. "Maybe in previous years it was a topic people didn’t want to speak about but it is one of the most important things in modern times so I think it is important to be open to talking about certain things. "I know Lando [Norris] is one of the outspoken drivers about it and I think everyone, drivers, teams, the organisation as a whole, it is something that can definitely be pushed a little bit more." DON'T MISS:Fernando Alonso may anger Hamilton with comments on Verstappen titleChristian Horner on 'insane' Lewis vs Max footage in Drive to SurviveGeorge Russell makes Lewis Hamilton comment that Toto Wolff will love At the Williams car launch event last week, Latifi had explained why he felt it necessary to hire security. "It might sound silly to some people but at the end of the day you don't know how serious people are," the 26-year-old said. "All it needs is one drunk fan at an airport, or you bump into someone who is having a bad day and they are intoxicated under the influence of something and they have these really extreme opinions. It takes just that one-in-a-million person." He also revealed that Hamilton and other figures at Mercedes had got in touch with him to offer their support. Meanwhile, speaking at his team's car reveal, Hamilton called on social media companies to do more to prevent such abuse. "Ultimately, I don’t think there has been a huge change or shift, or enough work that has been done by these social platforms," the Briton said. "We still have to apply pressure for them to make changes. Mental health is a real thing and on these social platforms, people are experiencing abuse in a way that no-one deserves and that should never be tolerated. "They are able to make changes but they don’t seem to do it quick enough. So I think we just need to continue to apply pressure. "I was in touch with Nicholas. He has my full support and I know how difficult it can be in those situations. I think it’s important for him to know that he has support from people around him. "On another side of things, you can see that there is so much passion within this sport. That’s what really makes this sport so great – there is so much passion. "But we have got to channel that in a positive way, not a negative."