The Holborn and St Pancras MP took decisive action to clamp down by slashing Young Labour's funding, cancelling its annual conference, and suspending access to its Twitter account. The menacing radicals' actions were "actively detrimental to the Party’s core objectives: to promote Labour candidates and policies, and to win elections", a statement said.  Posts on social media from the group, which Labour members aged 26 and under are automatically enrolled into, had called on the UK to withdraw from NATO and "pursue an international policy based on peace" to solve the Ukraine crisis. While it condemned Russian President Vladimir Putin's invasion of the neighbouring democracy, it accused Prime Minister Boris Johnson of "warmongering and bellicosity". Mr Johnson has repeatedly urged Russia to de-escalate tensions. He has ruled out placing British troops on the ground in the conflict with Moscow, but has imposed tough sanctions to punish the Kremlin's attack on Ukraine. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Sir Keir Starmer has backed the Government's position and pledged to continue to do so if the Prime Minister wants to introduce more sanctions. Suspending the Young Labour Twitter account after the open dissent, a statement on the social media page said: "We regret to inform you that access to the Young Labour UK Twitter account has been restricted until further notice. "As an official channel for the Youth Wing of the Labour Party, we expect certain standards of behaviour from those with responsibility for this page’s output. "In particular, it has become apparent that the account has recently become actively detrimental to the Party’s core objectives: to promote Labour candidates and policies, and to win elections. "We will be liaising with the Young Labour committee and representatives to ensure there is transparency and accountability for future posts from this account." A party source told The Mirror: "Young Labour is supposed to be a place for younger members to get away from factional rubbish. "Unfortunately not every one seems to understand that. "Labour will no longer tolerate the selfishness of those who aren’t focused on winning the next election." The firm action comes after Labour also threatened to withdraw the whip from MPs who backed a Stop the War Coalition letter blaming Nato expansionism for the crisis in region. Eleven MPs including Diane Abbott, John McDonnell, and Richard Burgon all signed the document. More to follow...