Dan Walker, 44, has appealed to parents to ask for advice on how to talk about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine with children. The BBC Breakfast star logged onto Twitter earlier today to open the debate in view of his 751,000 followers. He wrote: “Dear parents / guardians, “Interested to know what you are telling your young children about what is happening in Ukraine at the moment without giving them nightmares.” Other Twitter users were quick to react, with the post receiving more than 1,400 likes in just a few hours. Fellow BBC broadcaster Victoria Fritz said: “Hi Dan, I spoke to my 5 y o son about this yesterday. (sic) “I said mummy had been busy telling people that the people in charge of Russia had been trying to steal another country. That the country was called Ukraine. “That the people of Ukraine didn’t want their country stolen.” She continued: “He said that wasn’t kind, didn’t sound fair and asked me if we knew anyone in Ukraine. I said we didn’t. “But they like macaroni cheese and apple crumble just like us.” MorishIdle typed: “I think it’s actually more stressful for young teenagers as they understand more. “There are 18 year old boys in Ukraine told they cannot leave the country and gave to take up arms. “As the mum of a teenage boy (not yet 18) that absolutely terrifies me.” Dorisandfred added: “So tough, our 10 year old was very anxious about it last night and couldn't fall asleep. READ MORE...Dawn French shares 'real trigger' for hair transformation [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [NEWS] “Husband reassured him about nato, and how far we are from the Ukraine. (sic) “It doesn't help that his school project is WW2 right now so it's all a bit too real. “I’m anxious too. It sucks.” But Dan was not the only celebrity parent concerned about having the conversation with his children. This Morning star Holly Willoughby expressed a similar dilemma on her Instagram account. She posted a terrifying picture showing two tanks surrounded by heavily-armed soldiers. In view of her 7.6 million followers, Holly captioned the image: “How do I explain this to my children… “I was asked questions last night I didn’t have the answers for…”