John Barrowman is perhaps best known for his role as Captain Jack Harkness in Doctor Who and Torchwood, and as Malcolm Merlyn in the Arrowverse. In May 2021, John admitted to exposing himself on the Doctor Who set but insisted it was “tomfoolery”. He joined Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley on Tuesday and claimed cancel culture “had gone too far”.   Richard began: “A lot of people in this country would have assumed that your career was over when all the reports came out of this party trick that you used to do which was basically exposing yourself in front of colleagues, which you thought was very, very funny at the time. “All of this came out and it would seem to many observers that it kind of sunk your career but here we are talking about brand new projects. “How have you turned it around?” he asked. John responded: “I think the public understand that it was tomfoolery and it was a joke and silliness and [it] wasn’t sexual harassment." READ MORE:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set  He continued: “You say it was my party trick but everybody who was there on set and part of the fun enjoyed and laughed at the silliness that went on, we had a great time. “But, you know, there's a red top tabloid [that] has decided that they're obsessed with bullying me and keep continuing to regurgitate it and exaggerate what actually had happened. “Also, cancel culture [have] tried to strip my career [for] over 35 years. “All the stories are nothing new, they've been out there for years,” he told ITV viewers. The former Dancing on Ice judge likened cancel culture to being attacked by "hyenas" because they try to “strip the meat off of a bone until there is nothing left”. He told Richard: “Listen, I'm over it and I have moved on and I think everybody else has moved on, cancel culture has gone way too far.” Later, John claimed the reports about him exposing himself had taken a toll on his personal life when he claimed the events were “traumatic”. He stated: “It was very upsetting, not only for me but for my family.”   Before the latest series of Dancing on Ice series had begun, ITV confirmed John would not return as a judge after making his debut in 2019. Speaking about the effect it had on his career, he said: “Even companies that I'd worked for were believing what was being said on Twitter, more so than coming and asking me what the situation was. “It just got to the point where I'd really had enough of going to bed on a Saturday night and not sleeping because I was worried about what this red top tabloid was gonna say about me the next day.” He added: “We need to learn to forgive people and understand that times were different. “I wouldn't do anything like that now, It wouldn't be right, there are different rules now, but it was a different time.  “And I'm just gonna say this, if I told all the secrets of things that I know about the entertainment industry in years gone by I could write one heck of a book, I'll tell you, but that's not me.” When reports of John’s behaviour on set came to light last year, he issued a statement insisting is was never intended as being sexual.He said: “With the benefit of hindsight, I understand that upset may have been caused by my exuberant behaviour and I have apologised for this previously. "Since my apology in November 2008, my understanding and behaviour have also changed." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am. 