Tiger Woods looks to have gone through a huge muscle transformation as he continues his recovery from injuries sustained in a car accident in Los Angeles last year.  Woods was at last year’s Genesis Invitational as host at the Riviera Country Club, before suffering severe injuries in a high-speed car crash just one day later. The golfing great suffered ‘open fractures affecting the upper and lower parts of the tibia and fibula bones’ resulting in extensive, immediate surgery. The 15-time major champion was left to go through a long and hardworking rehabilitation to get back to his fitness, and one year on it seems Woods is looking back to his best. Ahead of the 2022 Genesis Invitational next week, Pop Stroke - a golf course designed by Woods - uploaded an image of a healthy-looking Tiger alongside a young gleaming fan. READ MORE: PGA Tour brand Phil Mickelson a liar over "obnoxious greed" claims  Following the post, a number of golf fans took to the comments section to share their excitement, with the image of Woods looking fit and strong posing as a potential hint that the American could well return to the professional golf circuit. One enthusiastic fan replied: “Tiger is looking big. He’s gotta be hitting the weights hard. "I can’t help but think he’s preparing for yet another come back in which he supersedes all of our wildest expectations." Woods was back playing in the public eye for the first time in 10 months in December as he took part in the PNC Championship alongside son Charlie and the father-son competition. DON'T MISS: Bryson DeChambeau makes decision on £100m offer from Saudi Golf League Despite this, it is still yet unknown when the 82-time PGA Tour winner will return to the competitive golfing stage, however, he did reveal that he was aiming to play at this year’s Open Championship at St. Andrews. Woods has plenty of history with the iconic Scottish course having won two of his three claret jugs at the Old Course. And, whilst the 46-year-old recently revealed that he would never compete full-time on the PGA Tour again in December, he is hoping for a fairytale return at St. Andrews this summer. He said: “To ramp up for a few events a year. There’s no reason why I can’t do it.  "Mr [Ben] Hogan did it. I just gotta get to a point where I feel comfortable I can do it… “Maybe one day it will be good enough to compete against the best players in the world again… “I would love to play at St Andrews. There’s no doubt about it. My favourite golf course in the world.” Whilst next week’s Genesis Invitational comes too soon in the American’s recovery, Woods will be back in attendance as he once again hosts the annual event in LA. 