The Duke of Sussex, 37, moved to the US two years ago where he resides with his wife Meghan Markle, 40, and their two children – Archie, two, and Lilibet who celebrates her first birthday in June. Earlier this month, the Sussexes were joined stateside by Harry’s cousin Princess Eugenie, 31. Eugenie and Harry were among a host of star-studded guests attending the Super Bowl in Los Angeles. The Royal Family members were spotted in the stands of the stadium wearing face masks and plainclothes with neither of them aligning themselves to a specific team. Internationally renowned body language expert Dr Lillian Glass analysed a series of photos of the pair exclusively for Express.co.uk. She claims Harry and Eugenie's body language forms a contrast to their previous interactions, as the cousins don’t “look as happy”. She also adds that since being in the states, Harry “doesn’t look as happy as he looked in the UK”. She claims this is because the Duke of Sussex does not give off a “genuine smile” in photographs. Lillian told Express.co.uk: “Harry and Eugenie didn't look as happy as they did in earlier times. “In fact, ever since Harry has been in America, he doesn't look as happy as he looked in the UK as you don't see him with a genuine smile.” Dr Lillian then went on to make reference to an image posted by comedian 'Cedric the Entertainer' from inside the LA Rams dressing room after their Super Bowl win. READ MORE: Princess Anne leads the push for change in latest moving speech The photograph shared by the comedian features him and Harry gripping hands, while other invitees mingle in the background. She said of the photo: “You don't see a genuine smile but rather a perfunctory smile as he awkwardly tries to meet US celebrities. “Here in this photo with a celeb, you see him with a tight and awkward smile.” In addition, Dr Lillian claims Harry and Eugenie’s appearance at the event forms a contrast to their previous appearances together. She said: “In the earlier photos with Eugenie, you see him with a genuine smile and his distance is close to Eugenie. DON'T MISS Kate, William and rest of Firm prepare for Jubilee tours abroad [REVEAL] Camilla announces key priority as Queen - 'Wonderful endorsement' [INSIGHT] Princess Anne to step up in place of Queen with major role [REPORT] “He seems genuinely happy. That is not the case here. “While Eugenie seems confused Harry looks stiff and bored as he even moves his head away from Eugenie. “Eugenie leans toward Harry, he leans away from her with his head. “He seems to be distancing himself from her at that moment as he looks bored and glassy-eyed which may reflect his boredom. “Even though they are both wearing masks you can tell a lot from the head positions, forehead, and eyes in the moments of this photo.” After stepping back from royal duties in 2020, Harry and his wife Meghan sat down with TV host Oprah Winfrey to make a series of bombshell claims about their time as senior royals. Among their seismic claims, Harry spoke of a rift that had formed between him and his father Prince Charles, and also his older brother William. Dr Lillian claims the outing with Eugenie displays the royals finding “companionship and solace with one another” amid the tumultuous time.