Vikings Valhalla is a Netflix sequel to the original Amazon Prime Video historical drama. Set a century after the rule of notorious Viking leaders such as Ragnar Lothbrok (played by Travis Fimmel), a new era of the Viking Age has begun. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the future of the series.  The new series follows descendants of some of the most famous Vikings in history as they embroil themselves in a religious war. The Christian and Pagan Vikings have lived harmoniously for some time, but following the St Brice's Day Massacre, the peace is unsettled. Kattegat is just one of the kingdoms that falls target to those who wish to rid the world of alternative religious customs. The season one finale definitely set things up for another season and fans will be delighted to hear another two instalments have already been ordered. Ahead of the show's initial release, the show was given a three-season order with at least 24 episodes. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla cast: Who is in the cast? Fans will be pleased to hear filming for the second season has already wrapped, in November 2021. At this moment in time, an official release date has not been given, but viewers should not have to wait too long. With filming already complete, the new episodes may air before the end of 2022. What is known is that the season should consist of eight episodes and they will all be released at the same time. At the end of the first season Freydís Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) fled Kattegat. They should feature in season two and will eventually be reunited with Leif Eriksson (Sam Corlett). King Canute (Bradley Freegard) was seen leading his army towards Kattegat, which could mean the end for Olaf Haraldsson (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson). Sadly a few characters will not be making a comeback, including Jarl Haakon (Caroline Henderson) and Jarl Kåre (Asbjørn Krogh). Leif's partner Liv (Lujza Richter) was also killed during the Kattegat battle. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla: How is Harald Sigurdsson linked to original series? [EXPLAINER] Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped [INSIGHT] Vikings’ Floki star congratulates co-star’s awards nod [DISCUSSION] The premiere of the second season should follow the immediate aftermath of the Kattegat war. A greedy Olaf was left alone after his men abandoned him, once they realised Canute was coming their way. Leif will be determined to track down his sister Freydis after she escaped the brawl with Harald. There will be other threats to face now that antagonist Jarl Kåre was killed by Freydis. It will be some time before the peace between Vikings and Saxons is ensured. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the historical drama so far. Debbie Blackman said: "#LeoSuter has stolen every show he has been in even if he isn't the lead character. "It's always him who gives the better performance #VikingsValhalla." There is a tribute to Ragnar Lothbrok in the opening moments of the series. Paul James commented: "I started watching #VikingsValhalla saw this…It’ll take a hell of a lot to live up to Ragnar from the original series, but I can’t wait to watch this @NetflixValhalla."  Vikings: Valhalla is on Netflix now.