Meghan Markle and Prince Harry live in an £11.5million Californian mansion in Montecito. The couple, who quit royal duties as part of a move to the USA, bought the nine-bed, 13-bathroom home in June 2020 for around £11.5million. Documents uncovered by the Sunday Mirror show the 2021 to 2022 council tax charge from Santa Barbara County came in two instalments of £51,978.  The fee doubled what experts had estimated, based on the value of the property in Montecito. Harry and Meghan’s first payment was reportedly due on December 10 and the second was February 1, with a 10 percent penalty for any bills unpaid by April 11. “The bill is a huge sum but it’s peanuts in relation to their earnings,” said a source from The Mirror. The property was bought for £17million by Russian businessman Sergey Grishin a decade before the Sussexes.  READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Experts say the Tuscan-style mansion could now be worth up to £19.4million. It is 80 miles north of Los Angeles and has a library, gym, cinema room, spa, pool, tennis court, guest house and a playground for Harry and Meghan’s children Archie, two, and Lilibet, eight months. Harry, 37, also faces a huge income tax bill in April now he is a resident in the USA.  Photos reveal the Italian inspired villa to house a games room, a gym, a library, a wine cellar, a cinema and much more. Also, it is in a prime location in the peaceful surroundings of Montecito, California. Their house is a Mediterranean-style 18,000 square feet nine-bedroom, 13 bathroom estate that has been nicknamed ‘The Chateau of Riven Rock’ by locals. Archie reportedly plays in the grounds of their 7.4-acre property, while protected by a team of security guards.  A source told the American OK Magazine: “There’s a cool playhouse in their garden and Archie loves running around the lawn with the dogs. “He’s at the age when he can’t keep still.” Meghan and Harry have a pool, a tennis court, a gym, a spa and a guest cottage for when Meghan’s mother Doria visits. According to Newsweek, house prices in the Montecito area have soared by up to 43 percent due to Harry and Meghan’s influence. In coastal California, the couple keep a low profile besides the odd shopping trip or Zoom conference.  They reportedly usually cook at home using local produce from Meghan’s favourite family-owned deli, Pierre Lafond, which also stocks a fine selection of wine. Archie and Lili also reportedly have playdates with Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom’s 16-month-old daughter, Daisy. It is likely Archie will attend a local school in the catchment area where they live. The nearest school would be Cold Spring School, which is a very good public school in the area. 