Jamal Edwards, who helped to launch the careers of Ed Sheeran, Rita Ora and Stormzy, has sadly died at the age of 31. The inspirational entrepreneur had changed the landscape of music after starting his YouTube channel, SBTV, as a teenager. The channel, founded in 2006, mostly focused on featuring grime artists, although it grew to also include hip-hop, R&B, and pop, as musicians became desperate to appear on it. Jamal went on to be awarded an MBE for his services to music in 2014 and was praised for his efforts to give back to his community. In a statement released today, Loose Women panel member, Brenda Edwards confirmed the news of her son's death after a sudden illness. The 52-year-old shared that Jamal was the "centre of our worlds" in an emotional tribute. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White's heartbreak over Jamal Edwards death The mum-of-two has often spoke openly about their close bond, raising Jamal and younger sister Tanisha in Luton before Brenda and stepdad Patrick moved the family to Acton, west London. Singer Brenda was diagnosed with stage three breast cancer in 2015, and had to go through the trauma without her parents, who died when she was a young child in a car accident. The former X Factor contestant revealed on Loose Women that she was cancer-free in 2016. In a candid interview with The Guardian, Jamal opened up about his mum's diagnosis and explained that he moved back home to support her.  He said: "My mum [ X Factor star Brenda Edwards] getting diagnosed with breast cancer. I didn't know how to deal with it. "One of the things she took from me was my self-belief and positivity. That helped her get through it. But for me, that positivity left me. "They found the cancer at a late stage, she lost her hair and my head was all over the place as a result. But she smiled all the way through it. "She's in remission now. She's on Loose Women and involved in the Sister Act 2 tour. Life has changed around now. I learned that when it's raining outside it can be sunny in your brain." DON'T MISS... 'Will he regret it?' Naga jibes co-star after replacing BBC host[LATEST]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen in cryptic post amid 'unsettled' time[TV]Marvel's Evangeline Lilly calls out Justin Trudeau over protests[POLITICS] In a statement released on February 21, Brenda thanked everyone for their kind messages and support following Jamal's death. The Loose Women panellist said that she has been left "completely devastated". Brenda said: “It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. “Myself, his sister Tanisha, and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world. “As we come to terms with his passing, we asked for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. “Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PhD.” Speaking on Loose Women today, host Charlene White revealed she had left Brenda's home in the early hours of this morning after rushing to be by her side with co-star Judi Love. Charlene said: "Any of you who watch the show regularly will know the love Brenda had for her children was massive. "Her heart was full of so much love for them. "You know just how shocked Brenda is and just how it's hit all of us who knew him and all of us who love Brenda. We want to do Brenda proud."