Olly Murs, 37, has spoken up about holidaying with his girlfriend Amelia Tank. The star explained how his holiday with the bodybuilder changed their relationship for the better. The singer is presenting new game show Starstruck, and recalled how the couple’s first holiday transformed their love life together. Olly said that he knew Amelia was “the one” almost instantly after meeting her at the local gym. Speaking to New Magazine last week, he said: “When we went to Morocco on our first holiday together, we both definitely knew.” He added that it was the first time they’d spent a straight two weeks together. READ MORE: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan Continuing, Olly said that the two said they love each other after two or three days. The star said: “It was the first time that we’d spent two weeks together with no breaks. This was two weeks of being solidly together. “After two or three days, me and Amelia looked at each other and said, ‘Yeah, this is kind of it now, isn’t it?’ We both told each other that we loved each other.” “When we came back from that trip, Amelia said, 'I knew straight away that you were who I was going to spend the rest of my life with,' and I said the same. He also said that he secretly knew he loved Amelia before the holiday, but that she wasn’t aware yet. The star said that his girlfriend told him afterwards: “‘I thought this was going to be make or break for us.’” Olly then said he felt that Amelia “changed his mind” about relationships and that he was thankful she came into his life. Explaining, he said: “It was such a big thing for me to settle down and such a big moment to make a commitment to someone.” DON'T MISS...Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Brenda Edwards breaks silence after son's tragic death [UPDATE]Chris Packham rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'cruel' policy reversal[ANALYSIS] He said that it was time to “grow up” and make a relationship “happen.” Olly said it was the “best decision” he ever made. Speaking to OK! this week, he said that he would “love to be a dad.” He said on his bucket list he had been a dad as well as picking up a Brit award once again. Olly Murs is hosting ITV’s new series, Starstruck. The show sees a trio of singers transform into their musical heroes with the chance of winning £50,000. Olly spoke to This Morning in February about the time when a trio impersonated him on the show. He said: “It was pretty surreal and I actually said to the judges if that was how I sing and dance I might retire now. “Genuinely it was really humbling, I was very emotional actually and I was really taken aback that these three guys had gone away to study me, study how I sing and how I perform. “It was slightly weird and it did throw me a little bit because I have these amazing judges in front of me and I’m trying to be cool and host the show and suddenly I’m judging myself.“