The Scandinavian countries are currently not members of the military alliance, preferring to remain neutral. They are, however, part of NATO's Partnership for Peace programme. The Russian leader's decision to invade Ukraine has concentrated minds and reopened the debate about future membership for the two countries. The Swedish and Finnish prime ministers were invited to attend an emergency summit with NATO leaders last week to discuss the war in Ukraine. Their participation provoked a swift and chilling warning from the Kremlin. Maria Zakharova, Russia's foreign affairs spokesperson, said: "All members of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, including Finland and Sweden, have reaffirmed the principle that the security of one country cannot be built at the expense of the security of others”. She added: “Obviously, the accession of Finland and Sweden to Nato, which is primarily a military alliance as you well understand, would have serious military and political consequences, which would require our country to make response steps.” NATO officials have denied that there was any discussion about future membership for Finland and Sweden. Jens Stoltenberg, NATO's secretary-general, said that discussions were focused solely on plans to strengthen member countries' defences from a future Russian attack. There were also talks on how to provide assistance to Ukraine, as the Russian invasion unfolds. Sanna Marin, the Finnish prime minister, has never been a keen supporter of joining NATO. Back in January, she said her country did not plan to join the military alliance in the near future. However, the Finnish prime minister seems to have had a change of heart in the wake of Russia's unprovoked attack on its western neighbour. She told the national broadcaster Yle last week: “Finland is ready to apply for NATO membership if the issue of national security becomes acute." READ MORE: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires US President Joe Biden said that Mr Putin's decision to invade Ukraine had strengthened NATO and encouraged other states to consider membership. In an interview with social media influencer Brian Tyler Cohen, he explained: "Not only is NATO more unified, look at what's going on in terms of Finland, look at what's going on in terms of Sweden, look what's going on in other countries. "I mean he's producing the exact opposite effect that he intended." He added: "All I know is we have to stay the course with the rest of our allies." It comes as fierce fighting continued throughout Ukraine on Saturday, as Russian forces resumed their assault. DON'T MISS'We fought Soviets with our fists, we are not naive' Hungary says [REVEAL]Ukrainian locals tearing down STREET SIGNS to baffle troops [SPOTLIGHT]Ukrainians flee their homes after Russian invasion [INSIGHT] Intelligence reports claim that Russian military units are within 30 km of the capital city, Kyiv. However, they have encountered fierce resistance and reportedly suffered heavy casualties. The Ukrainian army claimed it has killed over 3,500 "Russian occupiers", as well as destroying substantial Russian military armour. Germany has decided to supply Kyiv with weapons, after initially ruling out the move. On Saturday, the German Chancellor announced that Berlin would send 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 stinger missiles to Ukraine.