Sean Connery died on October 31, 2020, less than a year before Daniel Craig’s final outing as James Bond premiered in cinemas. No Time To Die finally delivered on a long-standing wish, as the original 007 actor “wanted to kill” the superspy. He famously hated the role by the end and was especially angry about the “bulls**t decisions” being made at the top. Upon the release of 1971’s Diamonds are Forever, the last official Bond outing for Connery (he later starred in 1983’s ever Say Never Again), the Scottish-born actor accepted his time was up as Britain’s best spy. It came after he negotiated a deal to return to the franchise, but under the condition, he could produce two further films of his own choice. Connery was pleased with the deal, but he was completed sick and tired of the studio system. The star explained: “It can be done, you see, if there’s money at stake. I’d been frigged about too much on other Bond pictures. There’s so much bulls**t that comes from bad decisions being made at the top. I admire efficiency: like watching a good racehorse or the way Picasso works: where everything functions perfectly within its capacity. But talking to some of these moguls about it is like trying to describe to someone who has never taken exercise what it is like to feel fit when you do exercise. They don’t understand.” READ MORE: Paul McCartney branded one Beatles record 'the drug album' It was a frustration that started even when Connery debuted as Bond in 1962’s Dr No, a film that skyrocketed his stardom to levels far beyond anything he imagined. With his newfound celebrity, he turned to Bond producer, Albert ‘Cubby’ Broccoli asking for more money but was met with a firm and resounding no.   The arguments stretched through the production of 1967’s You Only Live Twice, during which he was infamously photographed on the toilet.  Connery was completely appalled and when he asked for more money to compensate him for his loss of privacy, he was once again told it wouldn’t happen. This led to him leaving the franchise and George Lazenby coming in with 1969’s On Her Majesty’s Secret Service. In 1980, he sued MGM-UA Entertainment for £172 million as he claimed he was owed profits from the franchise. A settlement was agreed upon that was not disclosed to the public.  Connery not only burned bridges with the producers and studio, but also Ian Fleming, the original author of the novels.  He said: "I never got introduced to Fleming until I was well into the movie but I know he was not happy with me as the choice. What was it he called me, or told somebody? That I was an over-developed stunt man. He never said it to me. When I did eventually meet him he was very interesting, erudite and a snob – a real snob." DON'T MISS...Bohemian Rhapsody: What happened to John Deacon? 'Never seen the film' [INSIGHT]Daniel Craig admits the Queen teased him for ‘never smiling’ [EXPLAINER]Next James Bond: Peaky Blinders actor 'rules himself out' of 007 role [INSIGHT] After finally stepping away from the role in the 80s, he didn’t look back fondly at his time as the character. True to his style, he raged: "I have always hated that damned James Bond. I'd like to kill him. Despite all the bad blood, after the actor died in 2020, Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson shared a touching statement about the legendary star.  They wrote:  "We are devastated by the news of the passing of Sir Sean Connery. He was and shall always be remembered as the original James Bond whose indelible entrance into cinema history began when he announced those unforgettable words - 'the name’s Bond... James Bond' - he revolutionised the world with his gritty and witty portrayal of the sexy and charismatic secret agent.  "He is undoubtedly largely responsible for the success of the film series and we shall be forever grateful to him."