Ruth Langsford has shared some insight into getting healthy in a candid chat about running. The Loose Women star admitted she’d been left wanting to “give up” as she tried to lose weight for her health. Ruth made the admission during a chat with This Morning co-star Jenni Falconer. The star had shared with her fans previously how she’d begun running. She’d documented her journey on Couch to 5K with her one million Instagram followers. However, Ruth has admitted how when she’s running she finds the first bit the hardest. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning  Speaking back in December, the Loose Women star opened up to RunPod about this. She explained: “When I was actually running, I had to distract myself with time. “It was a very fine line, it was like being on a see-saw of, ‘I’m going to give up. No, I’m not.’ “It felt like I was teetering on that edge.”  Jenni then suggested to her former This Morning co-star how this was the same for all runners. However, she explained how you do find your rhythm, which Ruth agreed with. She said: “To find your rhythm, quite a few runners said that to me. “But I didn’t know how, and then I did. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT]Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [PICTURES]   “I accepted that the first five minutes are hard, you’re not giving up. “I can’t get my breath, I’m out of sync, and then I knew I’d be fine.” Ruth explained how she had started running to lose weight but had taken a break from it. Elsewhere, the presenter’s husband Eamonn Holmes recently gave an interview.  In a piece for the Daily Mail’s Weekend Magazine, he opened up about their marriage. At one point, Eamonn hit back after his wife was labelled “poor Ruth” over helping with his chronic pain. He quipped: "People say, 'Poor Ruth, having to put up with him. "But I assure you, she's more than capable of looking after herself!" 