From buffets to themed restaurants and bars, cruise guests will usually get to try some delicious food and drink onboard. But how can passengers get the best deal? One Reddit user asked cruise guests for their top tips for a passenger heading on their first cruise holiday. While guests will often enjoy delicious food, many unfortunately gain a little weight after a cruise holiday. As with an all-inclusive package holiday it can be hard to keep track of treats and meals onboard. One passenger shared their best advice for avoiding gaining much weight on a cruise holiday. READ MORE: Won’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions They said: “I plan my day around dinner with the intention of eating two appetisers and two dinners. I run a few miles and exercise in the morning. “I skimp on breakfast and lunch as I can get or make that food anywhere. I eat like a pig at dinner and I love it. “I also plan a drink budget and stick to it. That way, there are no surprises or rough feelings. “At the end of the cruise, a lot of folks feel regret or shame for eating so much and being a sloth. I definitely did my first time.” Another passenger said: “This is awesome advice. We planned to exercise our last cruise by walking on the track, but due to rough seas that deck was closed most of the cruise. “Very sad. Had to drown my feelings of regret in an extra dessert each night.” Most cruise ships have a gym or swimming pool where guests can exercise to stay fit on holiday. Passengers without a drinks deal might find they end up spending more than expected on a cruise. One savvy passenger shared their top tip to avoid spending too much money on drinks on a cruise. They said: “When I planned on drinking a lot on a cruise, I would go around and find my favourite bar the first night, then find the happiest and most entertaining bar manager. “They are often dressed in a different shirt than the bartender who may switch bars each night. “I would then tip big the first night $20 (£14.69) telling them I plan to visit them and hope they remember my face. “I would then tip about $5 (£3.67) per night. Every night when I got to the bar they would see me and have my drink ready by the time I sat down. “One cruise my bar tab was $200 (£146.99) instead of the $650 (£477) it would have been.” The original Reddit user said: “This is the kind of stuff I was looking for. This is an excellent tip.” Being kind and polite to the cruise crew might mean a passenger gets a better level of service. It’s always a nice touch to tip cruise staff and some passengers even bring special gifts for the crew. According to an ex-crew member, toiletries and instant noodles are popular with crew who have been away from home for a long time.