Sebastian Vettel claims that he 'will not go' to compete at this year's Russian Grand Prix, as Max Verstappen threatens to follow suit. F1 are believed to be considering pulling the race from the 2022 calendar, as President Vladimir Putin continues to escalate tensions with Ukraine. Russian forces have launched a military assault on Ukraine, with thousands attempting to flee the country. Western leaders have promised action against Putin, who formally recognised the independence of breakaway regions Donetsk and Luhansk earlier this week. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson claims that a 'massive package' of sanctions will be imposed on Russia, as US President Joe Biden states that they will be held to account. The fallout has also spilled over into the sporting world with this year's Champions League final pulled from Saint Petersburg, although the Russian Grand Prix is still pencilled in for September as it stands. JUST IN: F1 releases statement on Russian GP as ticket sales halted following Ukraine invasion  Amid calls to axe this year's race at the Sochi Autodrom, Vettel has promised action, and Verstappen may not be too far behind. "For myself, my own opinion is I should not go, I will not go," said Vettel. "I think it’s wrong to race in that country. "I’m sorry for the people, innocent people who are losing their lives, getting killed for stupid reasons."  Verstappen added: "When a country is at war, it is not right to race there." Earlier this week, Express Sport was told that F1 sees the race as scheduled for September, and they expect it to go ahead as planned. That followed reports from Sky Sports' Craig Slater which claimed that the sport's authorities were monitoring the situation between Russia and Ukraine. An F1 spokesperson said on Thursday: "Formula One is closely watching the very fluid developments like many others and at this time has no further comment on the race scheduled for September."  Sochi have hosted a race on the F1 calendar since 2014, and last year's contest threw up one of the most dramatic finishes of the entire season. McLaren's Lando Norris looked to be steaming towards his first ever win, before late rainfall prompted teams to make what seemed to be a 50-50 call on tyres. Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen were among those who got it right, and they both passed Norris to take first and second as the youngster struggled to control his car in the wet. 