Abedi, 24, led the horrific assault by three convicted terrorists inside the high security unit at HMP Belmarsh. Veteran warder Paul Edwards feared he would be killed as Abedi, Parsons Green tube bomber Ahmed Hassan, 22, and Muhammed Saeed, 23, laid into him with punches, kicks and head-butts. Blood streaming down his face, custodian manager Mr Edwards, 57, was rescued from the “pack of animals” by colleagues. He was targeted after he withdrew the inmates' privileges, including watching TV, after they brawled with non-Muslim inmates. Abedi’s brother Salman murdered 22 people and wounded hundreds of others when he blew himself up at the Manchester Arena in May 2017. He was jailed for life with a 55-year minimum in 2020 after he was found guilty of 22 counts of murder, attempted murder and plotting to cause an explosion. Yesterday, he was handed an extra sentence of three years and 10 months in jail for the Belmarsh attack in 2020. Before he was sentenced, he told Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb: “I don’t think the sentence is going to make any difference. “Inshallah, myself and all my brothers will be leaving the prison very soon. “The promises of Allah and the Prophet are more truthful than your sentence and your judgment.” His remarks left prison staff bemused yesterday.  "He's not going anywhere until he is a very old man," said one. Hassan, serving life with a 34 year minimum for the Parsons Green bomb attack, was jailed for an extra three years. He wounded 30 people when his improvised explosive device partially detonated on a tube train in south west London in September 2017. Saeed, who is serving five years for plotting a knife attack in London, also got an additional three years. All three were found guilty of causing actual bodily harm to Mr Edwards at London’s Woolwich Crown Court. Abedi was also found guilty assaulting prison officer Nick Barnett by kicking him in the leg during the melee. It emerged Abedi was the “amir” of “Daddy” of a group of hard core inmates at the high security unit in the south London jail. Following the brawl with non-Muslim prisoners in March 2020, the three lost privileges including their televisions, access to computer games and DVD players, as well as fewer visits and short association time. Abedi, Hassan and Saeed complained to the governor of the unit and claimed they were being treated differently to other inmates at the jail. They were being escorted back to the unit when they stormed into Mr Edwards’ office where he operated an “open door policy."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The officer, who has worked at Belmarsh for 25 years, told the jury: ““I feared for my life, and I genuinely thought if I hadn’t fought back I would’ve ended up with at least extreme injuries or dead,” he said. He said “it felt like a lifetime” before colleagues, including Mr Barnett, came to his aid seconds later. “It was just like a pack of animals on Mr Edwards,” said Mr Barnett. Mr Edwards suffered a laceration to his head, bruising to his back, rib cage and face, and has lasting damage to his hearing. All three denied the charges even though Abedi told a previous hearing: “I did assault that filthy pig, but I don’t see any wrongdoing.” The court heard Abedi had orchestrated six complaint letters from prisoners. They included Mohiussunnath Chowdhury, 30, a jihadist jailed for life with a minimum term of 25 years in July 2020 after plotting a gun and knife rampage at London tourist hotspots.