Russia is invading Ukraine on multiple fronts as Europe braces for a potentially devastating conflict. The capital Kyiv has come under fire from Russian forces while Ukrainian civilians become conscripts to defend their country On Thursday, Andriy Zagorodnyuk, Ukraine’s former defence minister, said: "The situation is extremely tense, obviously. “The first shock this morning was when there were missile attacks, rocket strikes and drone strikes.”  Speaking to The Guardian, he added: "Some of the buildings in our armed forces are simply destroyed. All of them are military infrastructure. They [the Russians] are trying to break the border and to enter into the country with their ground forces." Russian President Vladimir Putin has received widespread condemnation for his aggression in Eastern Europe in recent years. This also happened in 2014 when Russia invaded and annexed Crimea. Despite this, Nigel Farage, then UKIP leader, said he admired Putin just one month after the invasion of Crimea during an interview for GQ by Labour's former director of communications Alistair Campbell. Asked which current world leader he most admired, Mr Farage replied: "As an operator, but not as a human being, I would say Putin. "The way he played the whole Syria thing. Brilliant. Not that I approve of him politically. How many journalists in jail now?" While stressing he did not approve of Putin's annexation of Crimea, he said EU leaders had been "weak and vain," in regards to Syria, adding: "If you poke the Russian bear with a stick he will respond." Mr Farage later addressed criticism of his comments in 2014, saying he had been "mildly misquoted". He said in an LBC debate: “They’re going to have a go at me over Putin because I’ve been wildly misquoted over that. “I was asked a couple of months ago which world leader did I admire and I said Vladimir Putin as an operator particularly the way he managed to stop the West getting militarily involved in Syria, but I don’t like him, I wouldn’t want to live there and I don’t like him as a human being. But I’m sure there will be a ding-dong over that.” Mr Farage was approached by Express.co.uk for comment. READ MORE: Russia history: Was Ukraine once part of Russia? At the time, Putin was perceived to have geopolitically outwitted the West when he brokered a deal with Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad for the leader to give up the country's chemical weapons. Mr Farage also commented on former German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the time. He added: "She is incredibly cold. I always say – I agree this is a bit rude – but whatever you think of the public image of Merkel, in private she is even more miserable. I warm to more extrovert people." Last week, Mr Farage blamed the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the EU. Speaking on GB News after Russian forces crossed the Ukraine border and entered the rebel-held regions of the Donbas, Farage said the world not only needed to "learn the lessons of 2014" (when Russia annexed the Crimea), but that it was the EU "wanting to expand that lead directly to that revolution". He said: "It was the European Union wanting to expand, wanting Ukraine to join it. "Yes we know the Russians can be paranoid, but why poke the Russian bear with a stick? “If Vladimir Putin's one demand is that we state clearly that Ukraine is not going to join NATO, why don't we do it?" DON'T MISS Where has Russia attacked? All locations Russia has invaded [INSIGHT] 'Disgrace to the nation!' Corbyn and pals FINALLY blames Russia [ANALYSIS] Macron savaged for Putin posturing [INSIGHT] Mr Farage reiterated his stance on Thursday in a string of Twitter posts. While he admitted he was "wrong" to have previously suggested that the Russian president would not attack the neighbouring country, he added: "[It is] a consequence of EU and NATO expansion, which came to a head in 2014. "It made no sense to poke the Russian bear with a stick. These are dark days for Europe." Putin has warned the international community of “consequences greater than any you have faced in history” as he announced the start of his invasion. Prime Minister Boris Johnson today vowed to hit Russia with a "massive" package of sanctions, designed to "hobble" Moscow's economy. He said: "We have Ukrainian friends in this country; neighbours, co-workers. Ukraine is a country that for decades has enjoyed freedom and democracy and the right to choose its own destiny. "We and the world cannot allow that freedom just to be snubbed out. We cannot and will not just look away." 