Liverpool forward Luis Diaz's transfer value has increased more than any other Premier League player's this season, according to a recent study. Diaz scored his first goal for the Reds in Saturday's 3-1 win against Norwich City to help close the gap to leaders Manchester City to just six points, with the Reds boasting a game in hand. Liverpool moved quickly to bolster their ranks with the 25-year-old in January, handing FC Porto an initial £37million for his services. He was the subject of heavyweight interest in the Premier League amid a fine campaign with Porto, registering 14 goals and four assists in 18 Primeira Liga games this term. Diaz has started life at Anfield strongly, with supporters immediately showcasing a widespread love-in for the Colombian. And according to Online Money Advisor, his value has rocketed due to his exploits for Porto and Liverpool domestically and in the Champions League. JUST IN: Ferdinand names two Man Utd players behind Sancho's exciting form A study analysed and compared each player in Europe's big five leagues and their current market value compared to what it was at the start of the 2021/22 campaign. Amongst current Premier League stars, Diaz topped the list with a total market value increase of £18.5m (a 120 per cent rise). He started the campaign worth £15.1m at Porto but is now valued at £33.6m, with that number expected to skyrocket further at Anfield. Arsenal midfielder Emile Smith Rowe is second with a £16.5m (a 111 per cent rise) increase from £15.1m to £31.9m. READ MORE: Man Utd legend Rio Ferdinand explains what Jadon Sancho's been told And Southampton right-back Tino Livramento, who has impressed since joining from Chelsea last summer, comes in at third. The Saints star was worth less than £1m at the start of the season (£840,000) but has boosted to £15.1m, an upgrade of £14.3m (plus 1,700 per cent). It comes as no surprise that Diaz tops the rankings, though, and he has left the Liverpool manager in awe with his early form in red. Klopp showered Diaz with praise after scoring his first goal for the club in Liverpool's latest win at the weekend. He said: "You could see, in the two games Luis had played where he came on or played, he was absolutely incredible, but today it was hard work for him as well. It was a tricky one, a tricky encounter." "Staying on the pitch, staying in the game shows the real quality. We changed the system and brought Luis into the centre with Sadio in his natural position. "Sadio scored anyway in the centre, and Luis made a wonderful run in the centre as well. It's good; he's just an outstanding talent. A really, really good player. "You should ask him! I can't remember my first goal, and it was probably really nice! I think he is very happy. He should be!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here