After months of calls from the US to cancel Nord Stream 2 (NS2), it appears that the German Chancellor has finally caved. The pipeline, which was part of a deal struck between Vladimir Putin and former Chancellor Angela Merkel, would have sent Russian gas to Germany, bypassing Ukraine and Poland on its route through the Baltic Sea.  But the move may have backfired on Germany as the country looks set to remain reliant on Mr Putin for energy supplies. It comes after Berlin was faced with calls to slash its energy dependency on the Kremlin, which supplies Germany with 34 percent of its gas. An expert told POLITICO’s Hans von der Burchard Germany will not be to part ways with Mr Putin any time soon as liquified natural gas (LNG), separate from Russia’s pipeline gas and can be used as an alternative source, is not as readily available for the country. According to Politico, LNG terminals are already at full capacity, with new ones taking years to build. An expert told Mr von der Burchard: “That means we will remain dependent on Russia for at least four to five years until we get significant new LNG capacity online.” Danil Bochkov, from the Russian International Affairs Council, agreed that Mr Scholz’s decision could backfire. He told Express.co.uk: "The impact will be substantial not only on Germany but on the whole EU since it could not diversify supplies that fast. "But this is going to be more of a mid-term impact because NS2 has not been launched yet, so Berlin was not relying on its as a source of gas supply. "The expectation of the NS2 launch which was expected to supply vast amounts of gas could stabilize market energy prices over time. READ MORE: Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up This also comes after the German industry association BDI warned that further increases in energy and gas prices “threaten to crush the economy". And after Mr Putin recognised the independence of rebel-held regions of Ukraine on Monday evening, oil prices surged nearly 5 percent. And prices have been tipped to soar as Russia could restrict more gas travelling to Europe through its pipelines as a response to harsh sanctions slapped down by the West. Germany could fare particularly badly, according to some experts, who claim that its decision to close all its nuclear plants by the end of this year will keep it reliant on Russian gas. DON'T MISS Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [REVEAL] Putin boasts of ‘unparalleled’ hypersonic missiles ready to launch [INSIGHT] Ukraine goes nuclear and cuts ALL gas with Russia [REPORT] Mr Putin has already shown he is willing to cut Europe’s gas. Since December, gas has been flowing in reverse to the East, which sent prices soaring to record highs. And the Kremlin is likely to be furious with Mr Scholz’s decision given that it had been pressing hard for the pipeline’s certification. It claimed that NS2 would have eased surging energy prices and could have doubled gas exports travelling into Europe.