The provocative move – described by Boris Johnson as a “distraction from reality” – prompted widespread outrage, with nations ramping up sanctions against the desperate president. As Putin’s forces continued to face extraordinarily brave resistance in Ukraine, hundreds of thousands around the world took to the streets to protest. Last night Boris Johnson said President Putin putting 6,000 warheads on standby was “a distraction from the reality of what’s going on in Ukraine” and praised Ukrainians for “fighting back perhaps with more effect, with more resistance, than the Kremlin had bargained for”. Just one nuclear warhead has the capability of obliterating an entire city and hundreds of thousands of people. And as a barrage of Western reprisals for Putin’s war on Ukraine was announced, Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko – an ally of Putin – last night warned: “It’s worse than war. This is pushing Russia into a Third World War. We need to be restrained here so as not to get into trouble. Because nuclear war is the end of everything.” Among new sanctions, the UK, US, European Union and Canada announced that the assets of Russia’s central bank would be frozen. The West also moved to cut Russia out of international payments system Swift, effectively blocking Russian exports and imports. Russian aircraft will no long be able to fly across Europe, after Commission president Ursula von der Leyen announced the EU would shut down airspace. Japan said it would freeze assets of Putin and other top Russian officials. And British multinational oil and gas company BP said it would offload its stake in state-owned Russian oil giant Rosneft. World Bank President David Malpass said the conflict would increase hardship for the Russian people as the rouble’s value has fallen dramatically. Lengthy queues at cashpoints began forming in Russia yesterday after reports of the machines running out of bank notes. Mr Malpass said: “You know, this is a tragedy right now for Ukrainians, for the neighbours of Ukraine, but also for Russians. They didn’t choose war.” Norway also announced that its $1.3trillion sovereign wealth fund, the world’s largest, will divest its Russian assets following the invasion. In the sporting world the Football Association said England will not play any international fixtures against Russia “for the foreseeable future”. The measures are part of a massive global snub of Russia, which is now effectively operating as a rogue state. They came in response to an icy televised address from Putin in which he made the chilling nuclear threat, saying he had ordered troops operating the nuclear deterrent onto a “special regime of duty” in light of “aggressive statements” from Nato leaders and “unfriendly economic actions”. Nato secretary general Jens Stoltenberg responded: “This is dangerous rhetoric.” And Foreign Secretary Liz Truss warned that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could be “very, very bloody” and last for years. She said Vladimir Putin may be prepared to use “the most unsavoury means” to secure victory as fears intensified that he is prepared to unleash battlefield nuclear weapons. Ms Truss said the survival of Putin’s regime could be at stake if his invasion plan failed. “This could well be the beginning of the end for Putin,” she said. “I fear that he is prepared to use the most unsavoury means in this war.” Tobias Ellwood, Commons defence committee chairman, said that in the “worst-case scenario” Putin could deploy low-yield tactical nuclear weapons if his forces failed to make a breakthrough. Meanwhile, neighbouring Belarus held a referendum yesterday to adopt a new constitution that would ditch its non-nuclear status at a time when the country has become a launchpad for invading Russian troops. The vote, almost certain to pass under the tightly controlled rule of President Lukashenko, could see nuclear weapons on Belarusian soil for the first time since the country surrendered them after the fall of the Soviet Union. The Ukrainian state security service yesterday reported that a rocket attack on Zhytomyr Airport – 93 miles west of Kiev – was launched from Belarus. And military sources stated Belarusian special forces were seen loading onto planes in preparation for an air assault on Kyiv in what could be a widening of the war. A glimmer of hope of de-escalation in the conflict came after Ukraine said it would meet Russia for talks this morning. President Volodymyr Zelensky said he has agreed to meet “without preconditions”. A statement said the Ukrainian government would dispatch a delegation to meet its Russian counterparts at the border with Belarus. Mr Zelensky said: “I do not really believe in the outcome of this meeting, but let them try so that later not a single citizen of Ukraine has any doubt that I, as president, tried to stop the war, when there was even a small, but still a chance.” Despite Ukraine being heavily outnumbered in military muscle and machinery, troops and armed civilians have led a valiant resistance against invading Russian forces that advanced into the capital Kyiv on Saturday. Some 50,000 have Ukrainians have fled but the majority have stayed put and taken up arms. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea And the people continue to resist. Yesterday, Oleksii Reznikov, the country’s defence minister, lauded its soldiers and civilians, saying: “Seventy-two hours of resistance. The world didn’t believe. The world doubted. But we did not just stand, we confidently continue to fight.” Meanwhile, heavily outnumbered Ukrainian troops obliterated a convoy of Russian special forces made up of brutal Chechen fighters. The Russian province of Chechnya is led by Ramzan Kadyrov, 45, a close ally of Vladimir Putin. Putin’s announcement yesterday is the first time in his 20-year iron rule he has put nuclear forces on a war footing. No country has used nuclear weapons since the Second World War when America dropped bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan, killing 200,000 innocent people. Dr Patricia Lewis, Director International Security Programme, Chatham House, said: “This is not deterrence on Putin’s part – this is a threat.” ------- Putin’s threat of nuclear strikes ratchets up his verbal aggression against the West. It’s in line with his warning at the start of the conflict that any country trying to “hinder” Russia’s operation in Ukraine would face “such consequences that you have never encountered in your history”. Though many fear he has become increasingly unhinged, this is part of his war of words rather than genuine intent. Although Putin controls the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world, he can’t directly press the button and his generals would need to be complicit in such an inconceivable atrocity. Some seem surprised that Putin’s forces have not defeated Ukraine in just four days. Let’s not forget it took the 309,000-strong US-led coalition more than a month to defeat Saddam’s army in 2003, including six days’ heavy fighting to capture Baghdad. That was in a smaller country with terrain better suited to offensive fighting. We can only admire the courageous resistance of the Ukrainian forces, but this is not a shock-and-awe campaign by Russia. So far they have committed only half the forces ranged against Ukraine. Some argue that Putin underestimated the Ukrainian army and air force and calculated on a lightening victory. I doubt that. Russian military intelligence is not blind and knows that Ukraine has a well-trained and equipped army, supported by the West since the invasion of Crimea in 2014. The US alone provided $2.5billion in military aid. The Russian high command also recognise that soldiers fighting for their homes are not likely to be a pushover and will not break easily. Reports of Russian forces faltering as tanks break down and run low on fuel may be true. But logistics are always problematic in offensive warfare, and this should not be read as an ill-prepared and failing invasion. The reality is that Putin does not want heavier fighting than necessary to overcome his enemy. Of course, that is not from any humanitarian instinct. In a war that is already causing dissent in Russia, he does not need too many body bags coming home. He also does not want to unleash the kind of brutality that would trigger an Iraq-style insurgency once Ukraine is under his dominion. That is why Putin’s opening barrage of cruise and ballistic missiles – a show of force – was quickly paused and negotiations offered, which were later rejected by President Zelensky. Despite the increasing bite of sanctions, Putin is in no great hurry. China will help defray economic damage by buying up Russian energy that cannot be sold to the EU. Putin meanwhile is weaponising Ukrainian civilians. The longer the war continues the more will stream across the border, adding to the EU’s already overloaded refugee system.