The ruble plummeted to its lowest level against the dollar since 2016 following the announcement of a special military operation by President Putin. For three hours this morning, the Moscow Exchange suspended trading as Russian stock markets also sank. After resuming trading, the Moscow Exchange continued to fall as much as 36 percent. John Hardy, head of FX Strategy at Saxo Bank, said: "The Russian ruble dropped nearly 10 percent at one point – nearly touching 90.00 (to the dollar) overnight on the news of the Russian moves against Ukraine.  "The US has vowed harsh sanctions, which could include severe options making trade and financial transactions with Russia difficult." Victoria Scholar, Head of Investment at interactive investor, commented: "With the prospect of heavier sanctions and other financial penalties, international investors have lost all confidence in Russian markets and Russia’s economy as President Putin proceeds undeterred with the military operation in Ukraine.” The Bank of Russia has announced it will act to try to maintain financial stability using "all the necessary tools". In a statement today, the central bank said it would "start interventions in the foreign exchange market, expand the Lombard List, and conduct operations today to provide additional liquidity to the banking sector."   In a bid to try to contain the plummeting stock market the bank also announced a ban on brokers short selling. The tactic allows brokers to profit from falling share prices but can in turn push them down further. Shares have been hit across a range of sectors with major Russian banks such as Sberbank falling over 45 percent. In a statement Sberbank said: "We are prepared for any development of the situation and have worked through scenarios for guaranteeing that our customers funds, assets and interests are protected, and also that our functions are fully operational." Energy firms have also been among the big losers on Russian markets following an announcement Germany would halt approval of the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline. The pipelines part owner Gazprom nosedived nearly 40 percent on Thursday with simillar declines being seen by oil giant Rosneft. Oil prices meanwhile have surged over fears already constrained supply will be further stretched by the crisis. Brent Crude finally pushed past the $100 a barrel threshold for the first time since 2014 with fears petrol prices could begin setting new records in the coming weeks.  DON'T MISS: Oil prices skyrocket past $100 as Russia [SPOTLIGHT]City of London in free fall as Putin's war hits UK stocks [LATEST]Aston Martin accelerates into 2022 with 'significant' £1bn injection [INSIGHT] Natural gas prices have also soared with futures jumping aroind 31 percent in Europe. Russia currently supplies around 40 percent of the continents natural gas supply making it particularly vulnerable to any disruption in supply. Following the halt on Nord Stream 2 Russia warned Europe could expect gas prices to double from their current value however Germany's economy minister Robert Habeck has insisted the country can meet its energy needs without Russia.