Orchids are popular houseplants and are not too difficult to look after. They make a good addition to a houseplant display as they flower for a long time. Moth orchids are the most common type of orchid in the UK, according to Gardeners’ World. In a video for Gardeners’ World magazine, Alan Titchmarsh has shared his top tips on watering and pruning moth orchids. The gardening expert explained how “there is one group of flowering plants which until recently terrified the pants off people because they must be difficult to grow: the orchids”. He continued: “And then, a few years ago, along came the moth orchid. READ MORE: The home improvement that can decrease property value by £4,500 “The breeder has got to work on it and managed to create a race of plants which were brilliant as houseplants for people who were not particularly good at growing things. “And now we can buy moth orchids, Phalaeonopsis, like this, for, well, pocket money.” Alan revealed that moth orchids can cost less than £10 in some stores. “These flowers will last, not weeks, but months,” he said.  So, how can you look after moth orchids properly? Alan shared his valuable advice, saying: “Mainly not overwatering them, because if you look right down at the bottom, most of them come in a transparent pot. “That’s because these roots here are coated in something that’s called phellogen. It absorbs atmospheric moisture, but it also quite enjoys being exposed to light.” Alan explained, therefore, that the transparent post holding the orchids will allow “the light to get through”. Alan’s orchids were growing from chipped bark, which he recommended other gardeners use too. He continued with his tips, adding: “Don’t overwater it – once a week max and let it drain through that compost. “Don’t leave it sitting in water.” Alan then went on to explain what happens when orchid flowers fade. There is no need to get rid of the flower stems when this eventually happens, according to the garden expert. Orchids can flower again if properly care for. “If you cut back to where the stem has died a little, not going any further than that, then other stems can grow just like this one,” Alan explained. Using his orchids, Alan cut the stem “as far as it goes” to “make sure that the new stems coming out will produce flowers like these”.