The popular Netflix reality series is back for its second season, with the grand finale set to settle the score on the contestants’ relationship status this Friday. Before Danielle Ruhl and Nick Thompson’s fate is eventually revealed, the Love Is Blind star took to Instagram to clear up some misconceptions about her panic attack in Mexico. Danielle and Nick’s relationship took a downward turn when they met for the first time in Mexico. Tensions ramped up during the retreat once the couple started sharing a living space together after getting to know each other in the pods. At one point during the vacation, Nick went out socialising while Danielle stayed in the hotel to recover from a bout of food poisoning. However, her outburst when he returned caused some viewers to label her as “jealous”, while Nick claimed her behaviour was “toxic”. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? As the dust settles ahead of the upcoming finale, Danielle weighed in on the controversy on social media. In her latest Instagram post, she claimed perceptions of her outburst against Nick were inaccurate and viewers weren’t given the full details of their argument. “One thing that is being inaccurately speculated about is the panic attack I had in Mexico,” she wrote. “The true story is that I told Nick about a traumatic experience I had in college right before I encouraged him to go to the couple’s party without me to represent us as a couple. “While I was lying there sick, I started to get in my own head, and wondered whether I had shared too much too soon and I started to relieve an event that I had repressed for so long. “This caused me to have a panic attack and I went into the closet so that no one could see me in such a public environment.” Many viewers assumed Danielle was jealous of Nick as she kept on checking what was going on during the couple’s party. She has since hit back at these claims and maintained she was simply looking out for when Nick would be coming back as she needed support. DON'T MISS:Jack Dee hits out at comedy cancel culture [OPINION]Bridgerton star shuts down Strictly Come Dancing rumours [COMMENT]GMB fans blast ‘scaremongering’ Dr Hilary over Covid rule scrap [REACTION] “I also looked outside at the couple’s party. This was not because I was jealous, but because I needed support and wanted to see when Nick would be coming back,” she clarified. “Nick had no idea what happened, but when he found out what happened behind the scenes, he was more than supportive and we were able to learn from it and get past it. “I want to reiterate that I am fully aware that I can project my anxiety onto others and it is something I am constantly working on.” Danielle went on to slam some Netflix viewers who have been misdiagnosing her and criticising her behaviour without access to the full story while also taking aim at the streaming service for its portrayal of her. “How I was represented on TV is not an accurate representation of who I am as a person,” she added. “I understand that I have things to work on, and I was in a great mental space before going on the show. “However, the stressful environment brought me back to a place that I never expected. I hope that in the future everyone will get to know the real me—as a human being—and not a character on a reality TV show.” Her comments drew supportive replies from her Love Is Blind co-stars, including Shayne, Shaina and Deepti. Fans can see the culmination of Danielle and Nick’s story when the reality series returns for its highly-anticipated finale at the end of the week. Love Is Blind season 2 concludes Friday, February 25 on Netflix.