Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Libra – the seventh sign in the zodiac – when it comes to love. An air sign, Libra is intelligent, kind, and always willing to put others before themselves, according to Horsocope.com. The astrology experts said: “As the master of compromise and diplomacy, Libra is adept at seeing all points of view, and excels at crafting compromises and effecting mediation between others. “This sign has a rich inner life yet loves other people, and they’re always happiest with a large group of friends, family, and coworkers on whom they can count.” When it comes to love, a Libra “falls hard” but also “recognises there’s room for more than one grand love in his or her life”. READ MORE: Prince Harry is ‘showing off new life’ to Eugenie - here’s how Horoscope.com said: “The Scales are pragmatic about love, realising that different relationships often have different seasons. “Librans can sometimes be accused of being too pragmatic, and they’ve been known to call off a relationship pre-emptively if they feel it may not work due to distance, age difference, or another external conflict.” Incredibly attracted to intelligence, Libras are most compatible with Geminis. This is perhaps because people who belong to the twins sign are also clever, and extremely sociable, like Libras. DON'T MISS: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group [PICTURES]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE]Flight secrets: Cabin crew shares ways to get free first class upgrade [INSIDER] As well as Gemini, Libra is attracted to Leo, Aquarius, and Sagittarius. All these signs are adventurous, similarly to Libra. As for date preferences, Libras enjoy “going out on the town, and loves getting reservations at exclusive restaurants and wine bars”. Horsocope.com added: “Libra also adores going out on the town, and loves getting reservations at exclusive restaurants and wine bars. “They relish the anticipation for a good night out, and also being in the know about which cool new things or experiences to sample. “Of course, after all that, cuddling on the couch is a great follow-up.” So, what have astrologists predicted for Libras over the coming days and weeks? As for today, February 24, Libras can expect a good day. Horoscope.com said: “If you are going out on a date today, don't expect to have a romantically wonderful evening, but do expect to have an amazing time. “A favourable planetary aspect means that you will most likely find your new friend to be tremendously stimulating company, and they are also likely to be able to introduce you to whole new dimensions of living. Great things are in store for you.” As for later in the week, Libras are urged to get in touch with their “artistic side”, which could lead to “many new and interesting romantic possibilities”. The year has only just begun, but Libras could expect to face challenges and “transformations” later in 2022. When this happens, those born under the Scales sign should “face your fears, confront your pain, and move past” this “difficult time” with “maturity and wisdom”.