Which? said that criminals were “exploiting the pandemic” to scam British holidaymakers. It issued a warning for tourists booking holidays this year. It said that one scam involves tricking customers who are owed refunds from cancelled pandemic flights. Many British tourists had holidays cancelled due to travel bans during the pandemic and some are still owed refunds. Scammers have contacted tourists pretending to offer refunds and stolen details from customers. Which? advised: “A legitimate company will never contact you out of the blue and ask for your personal information. READ MORE: Devon to ban wild camping after 'antisocial behaviour' “If in doubt, hang up and verify the company’s phone number. That way you can get in touch yourself and check if the request is genuine.” The company said it had also seen rogue travel companies selling imaginary flights using ads on social media. It said: “Make sure to check the company website for any spelling mistakes or irregularities. “A PO Box, rather than a full postal address, or a mobile number instead of a landline, can also be red flags. “Be cautious if you’re asked to make a bank transfer, which is virtually untraceable. Instead, pay by credit card where possible so your money is protected under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act. “Make sure the company is a member of a trade association such as Abta or Atol by checking the relevant website.” Social media advertising can look convincing so Britons should check if the company is part of Abta or Atol if they are worried. Which? added: “Avoid clicking links that are sent via a private social media message. “Instead, make your booking on the official site by typing the URL in directly. If you’re still unsure, get in contact with the owners of the property being advertised. “It is also a good idea to search the internet for negative reviews or forum posts by previous customers.” Review sites like Tripadvisor can help tourists avoid booking with disreputable or scam companies. Since Brexit, British tourists need to register for a GHIC (Global Health Insurance Card) instead of an EHIC.  This is free and can be done through the NHS website. However, scammers have been charging people for the card. Which? advised: “Be wary of paid-for search engine results, often the official site is the first or second non-paid link below. “Also look for ‘https://’ at the beginning of the web address when entering personal details. It shows that encryption is in place for your protection. “There is no advantage to applying for a GHIC or EHIC through a third party firm, a company cannot fast track your application.”