  Husband and wife David and Victoria Beckham have drawn criticism from fans on Instagram over their son Cruz’s latest photoshoot. In a series of snaps for i-D magazine, the 17-year-old can be seen shirtless sporting bubblegum pink hair and wearing his jeans down to his ankles to flash a pair of white boxers.      Cruz Beckham celebrated turning 17 with a photoshoot for cutting edge publication i-D magazine, but the pictures have created plenty of controversy online. Victoria shared pictures from the photoshoot via Instagram on Monday, one day after her son’s birthday. In the pictures, Cruz can be seen wearing just a pair of white boxers with his jeans pulled down to his ankles, showing off a butterfly tattoo on his leg. “Proud” mum Victoria captioned the photographs: “Big first day as a 17-year-old! @Cruzbeckham for @i_d, so proud.” READ MORE: 'Very worrying time' Piers Morgan on Queen's shock Covid diagnosis     After the former Spice Girl uploaded pictures of her teenage son, however, fans didn’t seem too happy with the snaps due to Cruz’s age. Sharmaine Whitehead wrote: “I don’t wanna see a 17 year old like that,” while Lorraine Kramer added: “Dreadful, he’s only 17.” Tracy Carr commented: “He is 17! My god this is ridiculous, men and women are sexualised far too young.”      Cruz’s famous ex-footballer dad David also got some flack after he posted the pics on Instagram. He captioned the pictures: “So cool @cruzbeckham for @i_d. Such a proud dad.” Jonny Bennett replied: “Proud of what, you should be ashamed of sexualising your young son.” READ MORE... Ruth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced [UPDATE] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [INSIGHT] Eamonn Holmes defends Rylan Clark over 'sickies' accusation [LATEST]      “What is happening to this kid?” asked Leah Hutchinson. Lottie Levin joked: “What happened to the good old days where you would take a picture of your children just sat there smiling at the camera??” However, not everyone agreed that the pictures were in poor taste, with some followers stepping in to defend Cruz’s parents. Samantha Jane Anderson wrote: “I don’t understand all these nasty comments! Really everyone!! He’s a young man who is a model.      “His style in these pics are fantastic, so different. Give your heads a wobble.” (sic) While under Victoria’s post, Loren Ridinger commented: “So happy for him. Fabulous.” In his interview with i-D, Cruz revealed that he was planning on pursuing a music career after briefly contemplating playing football professionally like his father. The Beckhams have three other children: Brooklyn, 22, Romeo, 19, and 10-year-old daughter Harper.   