Formula 1 fans and Express readers have voted overwhelmingly in favour of Nikita Mazepin losing his seat at Haas amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The future of Mazepin at the American team is in doubt due to the close links between his father and president Vladimir Putin. Dmitry Mazepin is an oligarch close to Putin and he even attended a one-to-one meeting with the president on the same day the 69-year-old launched the attack on Ukraine. Dmitry is the owner and chairman of Russian fertiliser company Uralchem, whose brand Uralkali served as the central sponsor of the American-owned Haas outfit from 2021 until last week. Once the Russian invasion of Ukraine began, Haas removed their Uralkali branding - and placed the future of driver Mazepin into doubt. During the first pre-season test of the 2022 in Barcelona, Haas withdrew Mazepin from press duties. JUST IN: F1 drops Drive to Survive trailer as Hamilton declares 'it's warfare' Mazepin was allegedly only promoted to F1 because of the money his father’s company brought to the cash-strapped Haas team, and now team principal Gunther Steiner has insisted the 22-year-old’s future must be finalised. If it was up to Express readers, Haas would have to look for a replacement. When asked if Haas should continue with Mazepin as their driver, 68.3% - a resounding 4,450 of the 6,515 respondents to the poll - voted no. Meanwhile, 22.6% said Haas should retain Mazepin as their driver, so 1,472 people believe the Russian deserves to stay beyond his rookie season. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko agrees with George Russell as he talks up Red bull hopesBottas hints at Hamilton power struggle with Mercedes commentRed Bull chief shares Lewis Hamilton retirement theory Approximately 599 readers voted they were unsure, accounting for around 9.2% of the vote. When asked if Haas should be allowed to compete in F1 if they continue to receive any kind of funding from Ural Kali, 72.4% of Express readers voted no. It left 10.0% - approximately 652 readers - saying they were unsure, while 17.6% voted no. On the topic of Uralkali, Express readers emphatically voted for Haas to cut ties with their main sponsor - which the team duly did last Friday. Around 5,662 poll respondents voted yes, which accounted for 86.7% of the vote. Just 9.5% - 619 people - voted no while 3.7% were unsure. After Sebastian Vettel and world champion Max Verstappen called to boycott the Russian Grand Prix, it was confirmed the race - originally scheduled for September 25 - had been cancelled following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The FIA released a statement on Friday February 25, after Russia had invaded Ukraine the previous day. “The FIA Formula One World Championship visits countries all over the world with a positive vision to unite people, bringing nations together,” read the statement. “We are watching the developments in Ukraine with sadness and shock and hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to the present situation. “On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances.” The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.