The "final solution" was notably a plan for the genocide of millions of Jews Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler adopted during World War II. Former Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk claimed state-sponsored news agency Ria Novosti on Sunday had announced Vladimir Putin used similar terminology to describe his plan for Ukraine. Russia has been targeting Kyiv with near-constant shelling since Thursday, with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy reporting civilian areas had been heavily targeted. Speaking to LBC, Mr Yatsenyuk told host Ian Dale: "Putin is bombing and shelling civilians in the capital of Ukraine. "In the morning, they have this state-owned Russian agency which is RIA Novosti - this is the state-sponsored agency. "You know today what kind of claim they published? They said that President Putin made the historic decision to end the Ukrainian case, or to make a kind of final solution with the Ukrainian case." He continued: "This resembles something with Hiter, you remember the final solution? READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG 1572509 "Could you imagine the state-sponsored agency clearly said Putin decided to make a final solution with Ukrainians? "Before this attack, I was very clear saying, 'look, Putin has the chance...how is he to be remembered in global history? If he changes his path, he won't be remembered as Adolf Hitler.' "What we know for sure today is that Vladimir Putin will be remembered in global history as the Adolf Hitler of the current century." More than 100,000 refugees, mainly women, and children, have poured into neighbouring countries, clogging railways, roads, and borders since Russian President Vladimir Putin launched what he called a special military operation on Thursday. READ MORE: 'Will banning Wedgwood really have an impact?' Lammy squirms over Labour Russia sanctions Ignoring weeks of frantic diplomacy and sanctions threats by Western nations seeking to avoid war, Putin has justified the invasion saying "neo-Nazis" rule Ukraine and threaten Russia's security - a charge Kyiv and Western governments say is baseless propaganda. Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko said on Telegram on Sunday that Russian troops entered Kharkiv, Videos posted by him and a state agency showed several military vehicles moving on a street and, separately, a burning tank. Russian-backed separatists in the eastern province of Luhansk said a Ukrainian missile had blown up an oil terminal in the town of Rovenky. DON'T MISS: Boris and Liz Truss issue fierce double warning to Russia [LATEST] Putin’s cyber army are taking aim at British computers [REVEALED] Horror as homes evacuated after 'suspicious chemicals' found [REPORT] Reuters witnesses in Kyiv reported occasional blasts and gunfire through the night, then three blasts after air raid sirens went off shortly before 9am. On Saturday, NATO members in the EU, the US and the UK moved to block certain Russian banks' access to the SWIFT international payment system, making it harder for Russia to trade and for its companies to do business. Sanctions on Russia's central bank could limit Putin's use of his more than $630 billion in international reserves, widely seen as insulating Russia from some economic harm. Google barred Russia's state-owned media outlet RT and other channels from receiving money for ads on their websites, apps, and YouTube videos, similar to a move by Facebook.