For those who have a blood pressure reading of 180/100mmHg or more, you must seek medical advice from your doctor before beginning any new exercise regime. For those who have high blood pressure – of 140/90mmHg or more – activity should be helpful. However, the charity Blood Pressure UK pointed out that there are "exercises to avoid". "Intensive" exercises, done for short periods of time, such as sprinting or weightlifting, could be dangerous. The charity explained: "They raise your blood pressure very quickly and put too much strain on your heart and blood vessels. "Some extreme sports such as scuba diving or parachuting can be dangerous if your blood pressure is not under control." Before any such extreme activities, you will need a medical certificate from your doctor to engage in extreme sports. READ MORE: Diabetes – The 'key' to managing blood sugar levels to prevent health complications Squash is another activity "to avoid" in order to protect you from a heart attack. There are other, more helpful, exercises to consider if you aim to lower blood pressure readings. Examples include: cycling, brisk walking, swimming, dancing, gardening, tennis, and jogging. These are examples of "aerobic exercises" that get your heart, lungs, blood vessels, and muscles working. Performing safe and helpful movements, such as aerobic exercises, is recommended for 30 minutes daily, five times per week. If doing 30 minutes of exercising each day seems insurmountable, it can help to break down the activity into three 10-minute stints. "This will help you build up your strength and get used to your new activity," Blood Pressure UK. It will also help to find an activity you enjoy doing in order to keep up the activity. Classes are available in martial arts, dance, yoga, and pilates to try out. Furthermore, there will be options to join sports teams in sports centres, town halls, and leisure centres. If money, or time, is a constraint, then other simple steps can add up to your daily 30-minute exercise target. For instance, you can choose to take the stairs instead of a lift or escalator when the opportunity presents itself. Another way to incorporate more daily exercise into your routine is to walk or cycle to nearby shops, if possible. For those with mobility issues, chair-based activities are ideal for those with arthritis or osteoporosis. The charity explained: "The exercises are a series of stretches, movements and activities that raise your heart rate and make your arm and leg muscles stronger and more flexible. "You can find a local chair-based class online or by asking your GP."