Taking action to reduce energy bills needn't break the bank, as some of the most cost-effective energy saving home improvements can be much cheaper than Britons expect. Ahead of the price cap rise, the Energy Saving Trust has listed several money saving tips homeowners can implement to reduce their bills. These savings are for a typical three-bedroom, gas-heated home in Great Britain. Experts from the Energy Saving Trust said: “We’re all responsible for the energy we use in our homes. “Take a look at our quick tips and see how you could save up to £356 a year on your bills.” Almost all electrical appliances can be turned off at the plug without upsetting their programming. The experts said: “You can save around £55 a year just by remembering to turn your appliances off standby mode. “You may want to think about getting a standby saver or smart plug which allows you to turn all your appliances off standby in one go.” Check the instructions for any appliances you aren’t sure about. READ MORE: Inside Princess Beatrice & Eugenie's former £20k St James' Palace flat Some satellite and digital TV recorders may need to be left plugged in so they can keep track of any programmes you want to record. Unless a home is very new, Britons will lose some heat through draughts around doors and windows, gaps around the floor, or through the chimney. The energy experts said: “Professional draught-proofing of windows, doors and blocking cracks in floors and skirting boards can cost around £200, but can save around £40 a year on energy bills. “DIY draught proofing can be much cheaper.” Kettles are one of the most used appliances in the kitchen. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Houseplants: Use the pebble trick to avoid plants becoming ‘too dry’ [EXPERT] But many will admit that they at least occasionally boil the kettle with more water than they’re going to use. The experts said: “Avoid overfilling the kettle and save yourself £11 a year on your electricity bill. “You could also consider fitting an aerator onto your existing kitchen tap to reduce the amount of water coming out without affecting how it washes or rinses.” An aerator is a small gadget with tiny holes – they attach to the spout of taps and are cheap and easy to install – and could help to save £22 a year. Britons can save around £28 a year on their energy bill just by using their washing machine more carefully. To reduce energy bills homeowners should aim to use washing machines on a 30-degree cycle instead of higher temperatures. They should also reduce their washing machine use by one run per week for a year. Avoid using a tumble dryer for drying clothes as much as possible. Instead Britons should opt to dry clothes on racks inside where possible or outside in warmer weather By doing this, it can help save £55 a year. Many might enjoy a long soak in the bath, but swapping just one bath a week with a four minute shower could help to save £11 a year on your energy bills. Even keeping the shower time down to just four minutes could save a typical household £65 a year on their energy bills. Although a very simple tip, turning  off lights when they are not being used can bring an energy bill down. This will help Britons save around £20 a year on their annual energy bills.