The Duke of York was embroiled in a civil court case brought against him by one of Jeffrey Epstein’s victims, Virginia Giuffre. Andrew has vehemently denied all of the accusations made against him but they have seriously marred his reputation. Earlier this month, court documents revealed they have come to a financial settlement in principle. However, attorney Gloria Allred - who represented multiple victims of Epstein - has said a new law could open up more opportunities for accusers to come forward against Andrew. According to The Sun, one possible victim could be Floria hair salon owner, Johanna Sjoberg, who accused Andrew of touching her inappropriately back in 2001. Ms Sjoberg has "repeatedly" claimed the Duke of York touched her breast when she was 21-years-old. However, too much time has gone by for her to file a lawsuit, according to The Sun. But if a new bill, which aims to change the statute of limitations for adult victims of adult sexual abuse, is passed, more victims would be able to bring allegations to court. Under the new law, it wouldn't just be Prince Andrew as it could be anyone accused of claims that are currently time barred under the current system. Ms Allred said: "The effort is to essentially model [the new law] on the Child Victims Act to provide a year during which an adult victim of adult sexual abuse could sue. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life "I do not know any other person who might allege that she was wrongfully sexually abused by Prince Andrew, but if there are such people then they would need the law." The New York Adults Survivors Act has not yet been passed into law but reports suggest it could be passed at some point this year. Senator Brad Hoylman previously said: "Adult survivors of serial sexual assaulters like Jeffrey Epstein have been shut out of our courthouses. That ends now." Ms Giuffre launched a US civil case against Prince Andrew where she accused him of sexually abusing her two decades ago. DON'T MISS Sarah Ferguson's final row with Diana 'after she was given verrucas' [COMMENT] Queen could have 'bleak shadow' cast over Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL] Prince Andrew's 'habit of appearing where he's not wanted' [INSIGHT] Andrew was stripped of his royal patronages and military titles over the allegations but recently settled and paid her an undisclosed amount to resolve the suit. A document submitted to a US court said: "Virginia Giuffre and Prince Andrew have reached an out-of-court settlement. "The parties will file a stipulated dismissal upon Ms Giuffre's receipt of the settlement (the sum of which is not being disclosed). "Prince Andrew intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights. "Prince Andrew has never intended to malign Ms Giuffre's character, and he accepts that she has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks. "It is known that Jeffrey Epstein trafficked countless young girls over many years. Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein, and commends the bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others. "He pledges to demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein by supporting the fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims." Following a disastrous interview with the BBC in 2019, Prince Andrew stepped down from Royal duties. It is believed Andrew asked Queen Elizabeth II to be allowed to temporarily return as a senior royal following the death of his father Prince Philip. But his older brother, and heir to the throne, Prince Charles is thought to be "adamant" there is no way back for the Duke of York.