A version of the $6,200 Armani triple silk georgette dress worn by the Duchess of Sussex in March 2021 will go on display at the Fashion Museum in Bath from Thursday. The black wrap dress features a botanical applique design over one shoulder and accentuated Meghan’s curves from her pregnancy with her daughter, Lilibet.  The botanical design features a lotus flower which traditionally symbolises rebirth, enlightenment, revival, and purity. It is thought that Meghan chose the dress with this symbolism in mind. During the interview, Meghan revealed how much she had struggled with her mental health and suicidal thoughts and that senior members of the Royal Family were reluctant to help her. In a statement, the museum said: “It’s well known that members of the royal family often use outfits to send a message through their choice of style, colour, or motif.  “It was reported that the Duchess chose a dress with a lotus flower design because of the flower’s symbolic association rebirth, self-regeneration, and spiritual enlightenment, and its ability to flourish despite seemingly challenging conditions.” Meghan teamed up the iconic dress with Princess Diana’s diamond tennis bracelet. The dress has been chosen by Dazed Magazine’s Ibrahim Kamara and Gareth Wrighton as the Fashion Museum’s Dress of the Year 2021. The two fashion experts said: “In today’s hyper-stylised pop culture, the Dress of the Year now has the potential to also be ‘meme of the year’ and we both latched upon Meghan and Harry’s now iconic interview with Oprah as the definitive anti-establishment moment that will forever endure in the British collective consciousness.” READ MORE:Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin The pair added: “Meghan’s wrap dress by Armani, worn to showcase a divine pregnancy, framed the duchess in black against the bountiful landscaping of Tyler Perry’s Hollywood garden. “This look now, through sheer association with a viral television moment, is firmly ingrained in our pop culture psyche.” A replica of the outfit worn for the two-hour bombshell interview will feature as the closing item in the exhibit titled A History of Fashion in 100 Objects. DON'T MISS:NCIS Sydney: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off? (INSIGHT)Boris calls urgent Cobra meeting as PM readies to unleash hell on P... (BREAKING)Princess Eugenie's recent outing shows 'transformational' weight loss (PICTURES)  Every year the museum invites top people in the fashion industry to choose a Dress of the year which “encapsulates the prevailing mood of fashion, represents the past year, and captures the imagination”, the museum explained. A replica of the dress worn by Meghan was sent by Armani to the museum for the exhibition. The museum’s fashion manager, Rosemary Harden called the dress a “fabulous addition” to its collection. 