Thor: Love and Thunder will premiere on July 8, 2022. With only five months to spare, audiences are expecting the trailer to drop any second now. In recent days, there have been toy leaks and Lego sets revealed, all showing signs of what to expect. Now some fans are piecing together the evidence and have become convinced the trailer is dropping this week, potentially any second now. Thor’s fourth instalment, Love and Thunder, is the first solo Marvel franchise to receive so many entries. Chris Hemsworth’s God of Thunder is no longer the King of Asgard and his mighty Mjolnir is being handed over to Natalie Portman’s Jane Foster. It is set to be a true game-changer for the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), and the trailer is about to reveal all.Few characters in the MCU have undergone the transformation Thor has. Starting as a cocky prince keen to prove himself by drinking killing his way to the top, he is now a wise and mournful figure who has lost almost everyone close to him. He is Shakespearian in his tragedy, but Love and Thunder will no doubt continue to pump out the humour. READ MORE: Elvis Presley married Priscilla then confessed love to Ann-Margret Taika Waititi is returning to direct following on from his successful transformation of the character in Thor: Ragnarök. He has called it “the craziest film” he’s ever done, adding: “It shouldn’t make sense.” (via Empire Magazine)Fans will be able to make sense of it themselves when the first trailer drops and all signs point to it coming imminently.@LiamTCrowley took to Twitter to share a breakdown on when the trailer will arrive. He wrote: “For those asking where’s the #ThorLoveAndThunder trailer, I got some digits for ya…“Time between first teaser + release date: Shang-Chi: 136 days Eternals: 165 days Spider-Man: 116 days. As of this tweet, we are 137 days from Thor 4’s July 8 release. In other words, we’re due.” The timing would be perfect for Marvel to release the new preview, especially coming off the momentum of Spider-Man: No Way Home which just raked in a mind-boggling $1.8 billion.Recent leaks online might pressure the studio into giving fans a look at the film. Toy images have dropped online that reveal Thor’s new outfit alongside the redesigned looks of his sidekicks.The biggest shock of the images is Thor’s blue suit. It is completely in contrast to the style of his previous films, including Ragnarök.This could simply be an artistic representation of the electrical powers he gained in the previous film, or it could be a sign that the Thor fans know and love is truly a thing of the past. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: Tom Hardy fights back against Henry Cavill [INSIGHT]John Deacon spotted: Look at Queen legend now [EXPLAINER]Thor Love and Thunder NEW LOOK plus Peter Dinklage teases Eitri return [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Lego just dropped an image of its first set for the movie. It includes many of the main characters, Portman’s Mighty Thor, King Valkyrie, Korg and Christian Bale’s villain Gorr the God Butcher.Thor is once again clad in blue armour, while Mighty Thor looks to be sporting his original look from the early days of the MCU.This is also the first official look at Gorr, a character that has been shrouded in mystery since his announcement in 2019. He looks to be dressed in all white wrapping, with a grey face.Gorr could be one of Marvel’s most dangerous villains yet. A staunch atheistic alien, he was convinced gods don’t exist. However, one day he saw two of them fighting and bonded with one of their powers while they were dying.Driven by his new godly abilities, he strives to destroy all deities from every realm – including the beloved Thor.Thor: Love and Thunder will premiere on July 8, 2022.