Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy were joined by a host of guests on this weekend’s instalment of Sunday Brunch including The Pussycat Dolls’ Ashley Roberts. The Strictly Come Dancing star was promoting her new series The Real Dirty Dancing but ordered the hosts to “get out” after they made a surprising admission. Keith Lemon and Ashley present the new E4 series which challenges celebrities to act out scenes from the 1987 film. Quizzing Ashley on the reality show, Tim said: “Okay let’s talk about your new show The Real Dirty Dancing.” “Explain the concept before we look at a clip,” he asked. “Oh my gosh we all love the film, don’t we? Dirty Dancing…,” Ashley began. Read more: Sunday Brunch viewers unimpressed with show ‘Such a weird vibe' Interrupting her, Tim confessed: “I’ve not seen it,” and Simon echoed: “I’ve never seen it.” “Get out of here, the door’s there, get out,” Ashely exclaimed. Tim repeated: “I haven’t seen it,” before gesturing to his co-host: “Come on let’s go.” As the pair stood up, Ashley commented: “What! You both haven’t seen it?" Tim and Simon walked away from Ashley and joined the backstage crew. Changing her mind, the guest said: “I do need to do the interview though because I want to talk about it so you should come back.” “Okay we’ll come back then,” Tim agreed as the hosts returned to the sofa. Ashley asked: “How have you not seen it?” Tim replied: “Because it was 1987 I was busy I had stuff to do.” DON'T MISSSunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid [VIDEO]GMB Kyiv reporter walks off to seek cover live on air  [INTERVIEW] “What were you doing?” The Pussycat Doll asked and the host answered: “I was about town I don’t know.” Ashley went on to explain the new E4 series marks the 35th anniversary of the iconic romcom. Filmed in a lakeside resort, 10 famous faces will take on the challenge to become the last Baby and Johnny standing. Celebrities taking part include broadcaster Anthea Turner and Blue’s Lee Ryan. The Only Way Is Essex’s James Argent, University Challenge contestant Bobby Seagull and Geordie Shore’s Marnie Simpson will be taking part. Internet personality and Strictly Come Dancing star Saffron Barker has signed up alongside comedian Verona Rose. Actress Chelsee Healey, Gogglebox star Tom Malone Jr and comedian Darren Harriott complete the line-up. Sunday Brunch airs on Channel 4 on Sunday at 9.30am.