Adam Lambert, 40, is one of the judges on ITV’s Saturday night celebrity music programme, ‘Starstruck’. The show, which returns tonight, sees musical superfans transformed into their heroes before they perform their biggest hits. Joining Adam on the panel are other regulars, Sheridan Smith, Beverley Knight and Jason Manford. Hosted by Olly Murs, the programme is based on the same concept behind classic celebrity impersonation show ‘Stars in Their Eyes’. However, on ‘Starstruck’, members of the public impersonate their icons with the hope of winning a huge sum of cash in the grand finale. Adam also appears on ‘Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway’ this evening as the star guest announcer. The programme sees Fleur East return for the ‘Takeaway Rainbow’, while the ‘End of the Show Show’ features Mary Poppins. Adam is known for being Queen’s lead singer, a role he has held since 2011, and which was formerly filled by legendary frontman Freddie Mercury, who sadly died in 1991. Adam and Queen were working on a new song last year, but the project ended when guitarist Brian May apparently “lost interest”. JUST IN: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell to the cobbles? Queen’s longstanding drummer Roger Taylor explained to Mojo magazine what happened with the song in September. He said: “Brian suddenly lost interest and I don’t really know why. “We started it in Nashville when we were all quite tired. “We couldn’t decide on a title and the lyric felt a little too negative for Queen, maybe. “But it was pretty damn good, and I hope it comes to light.” Brian and Roger confirmed they had tried to lay down a new track with Adam in February last year. They revealed the exciting news in an interview with Classic Rock magazine, explaining how they had been in Nashville on a US tour at the time. Roger said: “We did record a song which we haven't actually finished. “I can't remember what it's called. I think we were still discussing what we should call it.” Brian added: “It was a song that we'd tried to adapt that had come from a friend. DON'T MISS: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley 'Dearly loved' [LATEST]Brenda Blethyn husband: Michael 'disappeared' during unusual proposal to Vera star [INSIGHT]‘Woke’ Archbishop of Canterbury blasted term ‘snowflake’ and defended speech restrictions [ANALYSIS] “It had the makings of being a great song, but we couldn't crack it. We couldn't get there.” During the interview, Roger also left the door open to a potential new Queen album with Adam on vocals. He said: “It would be nice to do some stuff. I wouldn’t rule it out. “Adam has said, ‘Any time you want me to sing on something…’” The drummer released his own studio album, ‘Outsider’, in October last year. ‘Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway’ airs on ITV from 7pm-8:30pm, followed by ‘Starstruck’ from 8:30pm-9:40pm.