One Reddit user ‘JasonXP2000’ posted: “Just wondering what is the weirdest thing you ever saw happen on a cruise ship?” Cruise guests shared some wild stories. One regular cruise guest said: “A beehive flew onto the ship from one of the islands. The whole hive. “They had to bring beekeepers on board to remove it safely before we could undock.” Angry bees coming onboard is probably most likely to happen in a more exotic cruise destination. However, anything can happen on a cruise holiday and it’s a good thing a beekeeper was available to sort out the issue. READ MORE: Harmony of the Seas: Everything you need to know about the ship  Themed cruises are growing in popularity and holidaymakers can now join many different kinds of specialist cruises. From goth cruises to nudist holidays and literary cruises, themed cruises are popular for many different reasons. One guest said they accidentally ended up on a themed cruise and were shocked by what they saw. They said: “I somehow ended up on a Brazilian matchmaking cruise. The women were dressed to the nines every single night- hair done, nails done, ball gowns. “The sheer amount of money spent on clothes and accessories must have been astronomical.” Unfortunately, a holiday spent in a cabin can be too much pressure for some couples. One cruise guest said they had seen a marriage end on a cruise. They said: “On the second or third night of a weeklong trip, a room down the hall had a domestic disturbance that resulted in the husband getting moved to a different stateroom for the duration of the cruise and I believe that was the end of their marriage.” On another cruise, a guest said they’d even seen a passenger throw an expensive engagement ring into the sea after a fight. One cruise guest shared a very unusual experience they’d witnessed in the ship’s swimming pool. They said: “People who were baptized in the swimming pool. Wasn’t a joke. We spoke to them after and the reason they came on the cruise with members of their church was to do this. “Interesting conversation between them and a very drunk and sceptical couple in the hot tub afterward that we got to witness. “We still talk about how this made us feel like it was a set up to see our reaction.” While a cruise ship is often ‘baptised’ before its first journey in a ceremony, it’s unusual to see passengers baptised onboard. Another regular guest said: “I was at a small comedy venue onboard and a drunk guy picked a fight. Comedian trashes him, skips his whole set to f* with the guy. “Guy gets kicked out by security and everyone around took the rest of his beer bucket and drank them.” Due to the unlimited alcohol deals often available on a cruise, guests can sometimes get a little rowdy. If there are any incidents, the cruise line is likely to block a customer from purchasing drinks onboard.