Julia Bradbury has opened up about how she was diagnosed with breast cancer as she bids to stop misinformation. The former Countryfile presenter admitted it was a “painful lump” that led her to go to the doctor. Julia was diagnosed back in September 2021 and has been candidly sharing her battle since then. The star has been keeping her social media followers up to date on her recovery from her mastectomy as well as sharing useful information. Today was no different as she shared a warning with her fans about diagnosis. The This Morning presenter shared a post from a friend on her Instagram Story. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death  This featured an article about new research from the British Journal of General Practice. They argue there is not a link between breast pain and breast cancer when it is the sole symptom. Julia’s friend Alexandra Shulman, who was also diagnosed with cancer, wrote about her experiences earlier today. She penned: “British Journal of General Practice writes that there is no association between breast pain and breast cancer if there are no other symptoms.   “Well not so fast there. “I ONLY had a pain and was discovered to have a well developed tumour when I finally got it checked out.” (sic) Julia then commented below, writing: “Me too. My lump was always painful and sensitive.” Sharing this on her own stories, she wrote: “Not so. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [VIDEO]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm [PICTURES]  “I had a painful lump. It turned out to be a big tumour.” The presenter then finished her statement with the hashtags “breastcancer” and “awareness”. The BJGP research from the University of Manchester analysed the data of 10,830 women. It found that thousands of women have been unnecessarily referred for checks as GPs think breast pain is a cancer symptom.  According to the Daily Mail, they argue those with breast pain were no more likely to have breast cancer than others. However, many women have shared that breast pain was their first symptom. Some of Alexandra’s followers shared their thoughts in comments underneath her Instagram post. Mindfulhealthuk wrote: “Well done for highlighting this - women being let down yet again… “So sorry about your experience too.” Dawnelizabethrudd added: “Best not to trust anyone just go by your instinct.” Haffles9 replied: “Well done for drawing attention to this as a symptom. “Pain is the body's way of communicating that something is wrong.” 