Ajax winger Antony has intensified speculation over his future after admitting he 'hopes' to play in the Premier League. Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United have been linked with a three-way transfer tussle for the 21-year-old, enjoying a glistening campaign in the Netherlands. Last week, reports claimed the Premier League heavyweights were monitoring Antony ahead of a potential summer move. Chelsea are keen, whilst Liverpool scouts have watched him since his time at Sao Paulo and have been left impressed by how he has settled in Europe. And amid uncertainty surrounding Mason Greenwood's future following his suspension, United's interest is set to intensify. Erik ten Hag's potential Old Trafford arrival as manager this summer would only bolster the Red Devils' hopes of signing Antony. JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs 'split' on Ronaldo as Glazers weigh up summer exit There is also interest from La Liga and Serie A, but the tricky forward would prefer a Premier League move if he was to leave Ajax. And judging by recent comments, those reports appear to be true, with Antony labelling the English and Spanish top-flights 'beautiful'. He told Telegraaf: "Ajax is the place where I feel happy. But of course, I do think about a move in the future sometimes. "Premier League and La Liga are the leagues I find beautiful. When the time is right, I hope to play there." READ MORE: Liverpool star Luis Diaz's value 'increases £18.4m' Antony has made headlines with his exciting exploits on the right-wing for Ten Hag's explosive Ajax side this season. The left-footed star has registered 11 goals and nine assists in 26 games in all competitions so far in the current campaign. His contributions include two goals and four assists in five Champions League group-stage games as Ajax topped their group with a 100 per cent record. And he will have the chance to shine on the big stage again on Wednesday when the Eredivisie leaders face Benfica in the first leg of their round-of-16 clash. With Greenwood unlikely to return to action anytime soon and Jadon Sancho showcasing his best form in England so far on the left-wing in recent weeks, United are in need of a right-winger. The Old Trafford giants have young options in Tahith Chong, Amad and Facundo Pellistri, but none are yet of the required standard to become regular starters. Marcus Rashford has struggled there this season, and Jesse Lingard is expected to leave on a free transfer in June. So it could quickly become a priority position of recruitment for United's new manager, and Antony could seriously fit the bill. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.