The price announcement comes as the Government life multiple Covid restrictions, and remove free lateral flow rests, a vital part of controlling the spread of the virus. Many have reacted furiously to the news Lateral Flow Test kits will now be provided at a cost, in particular, as the cost of living rises to all-time highs in Britain.  Taking to Twitter to share their views, senior commentators raised their concerns. Tom Harwood, political correspondent and journalist from GB News said: “From early March, Boots will begin selling lateral flow tests priced at £2.50 for a single test, or £12 for a pack of five.” Whereas James Lamb said: “Another money-spinner suppose pensioners will have to decide between keeping warm or testing themselves.” Agreeing the costs could cause a Catch-22 situation, Somerlass said: “It’s affordable but I am concerned those with symptoms feeling they need to test will visit boots counter and buy them face to face to confirm whether they shouldn’t be mixing with the public. “It’s kind of shutting the gate after the horse has bolted isn’t it?”  However, there are certain circumstances in which the tests continue to be provided by the NHS. The number of tests distributed each day in England has already been capped "to manage demand". People without symptoms can now only order one pack of seven LFTs every three days - previously they could order one per day. Free PCR tests will no longer be available in England from April either, except for a small number of at-risk groups, details of which will be announced in March. There will also be free testing for social care workers with Covid symptoms.  READ MORE:Covid forces Queen to cancel video audiences Speaking of the move and the need to move forward with caution, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “We don’t need laws to compel people to be considerate to others. “We can rely on that sense of responsibility towards one another.” Sajid Javid, the health secretary, had pushed for £5bn to £6bn to fund more community testing and surveillance studies but failed. Additional funding will now have to be found from his own department’s budget. No 10 insisted efforts to reduce the NHS waiting list backlog would not be affected.  DON'T MISS:Trump provokes fury as he PRAISES Putin [REPORT]Manhunt after woman punched out walking 3 dogs [REVEAL]Meddling Macron undermines Biden with Russia showdown talks [INSIGHT] Yet, for elderly people, the news comes as yet another financial worry on an already tight budget for many. According to Age UK, the number of pensioners living in poverty in Britain has exceeded 2 million people, up one third since 2016. Recent Government figures show over a million elderly people could not afford an unexpected bill of £200 or more. Nearly a million pensioners are also missing out on Pension Credit payments of up to £32 per week according to the charity.  With energy prices set to soar in the next few months, with some predicting by as much as 40 percent, or more depending on the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, times are set to get even tougher for Britain’s elderly community. One pensioner named Pam said to Age UK: “I’ve had really bad periods when I can’t even open the bills, the letters. “It’s been bad, and I’ve had to wait for my daughter to come, and she’s had to go through everything. “I was struggling financially a bit. I have a state pension and a small one through the county council.” Age UK Ambassador Len Goodman said: “Older people are so resilient and tend to know how to make do, but it doesn’t have to be like that for those who are struggling to manage day-to-day bills.” 