Director Baz Lurhmann has been hyping the film for months now on his Instagram account. As part of his “Elvis Mondays,” followers could piece together the clues of the film. Still, after all that time the main star and Tom Hanks’ portrayal of Colonel Tom Parker remained elusive. The trailer was first announced yesterday, with a 15-second clip giving audiences a look at Austin Butler as The King. In the video, he says: “Just got to be making the most of this thing while I can. This could all be over in a flash.”  The internet went crazy with excitement at the mere glimpse of Butler’s performance. Now, all has been revealed today. Lurhmann was tantalising audiences yesterday (February 16) with a glimpse for the main trailer shared on his TikTok and Instagram accounts. It was posted with the caption: “Well, TCBers, trailer's done and it's out tomorrow!”   Fans have been waiting for the movie since its official announcement in 2019 and the last 24-hour wait was filled with endless speculation. Most of it concerned Butler’s performance.  The director has already been exciting fans by saying “Austin is going to make himself a superstar, he is phenomenal in the movie.” He added: “I don't usually say anything about the performances in my movies, but he is phenomenal.” (via Daily Main Australia) READ MORE: Elvis Presley 'wasn't worried' about dating teenager Priscilla Presley Hanks has also remained a mystery, with the star only sharing his new bald dome ahead of the trailer. Transformed as Tom Parker, Elvis’ enigmatic manager, audiences have been anticipating a complex and riveting performance.   The star previously described Parker as “both a genius and a scoundrel.” Lurhmann similarly shared the complexities of taking on such a figure, calling Hanks “the Rolls Royce of actors.”  He explained: “When it comes to Colonel Tom Parker, I really enjoy - one of my great joys in life is working with well-known actors who are very well known for certain strings on their instrument.” DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley had help from Sinatra in 'secret' Priscilla wedding [INSIGHT]Wordle fans left stumped by today's five letter challenge [EXPLAINER]John Lennon wrote 'best Beatles song lyrics' about his first wife [INSIGHT] He added: "But I thrill at the idea of being useful, just supportive, in allowing - every actor always has so much more to give than you ever see from them. They always have so many more strings on their instrument than they get to play. "So, one of the great thrills in working with Tom, who is the Rolls Royce of actors, I mean, you know, that is a ride you want to be on. But to be around him and let him - he'll be playing a new string on his instrument. And I think that's a thrilling thing to see.” SCROLL DOWN FOR RELEASE DATE AND STREAMING INFO The film will premiere on June 24, 2022, exclusively in cinemas around the world. No word has come on when it will be available on streaming services, though as it is a Warner Brothers production audiences in the USA will be able to watch it on HBO Max 45 days after it ends its theatrical run.As for UK fans, its home will most likely be NOW, as it is part of Sky which includes Sky Atlantic, the home of all HBO content in the country.