Kharkiv, located in the north east of Ukraine close to the Russia border, had been faced with a fierce assault from Putin’s troops, including “heavy fighting” and an “intensive exchange of rocket artillery overnight,” according to the UK’s Ministry of Defence. Putin’s troops even reported that they had blown up a gas pipeline in the city, prompting officials to tell residents to stay home with their windows closed. However, Kharkiv’s regional governor Oleg Sinegubov today stated that the city remained “completely” under Ukrainian control. He said: “Control over Kharkiv is completely ours. “The armed forces, the police and the defence forces are working, and the city is being completely cleansed of the enemy." The BBC report that thousands of Kharkiv residents had been forced to hide from the intense shelling in basements and shelters, and quoted a resident who described the sound of the shelling as “something like Star Wars above your head”. Emergency services also reported that a nine-story residential tower was hit, killing an elderly woman. Meanwhile, mayor of Kyiv Vitali Klitschko has stated the Russian troops are just 19 miles from the centre of the capital. Mr Klitschko said that the Russians had sent “snipers” disguised as civilians to carry out “terror attacks” and “bring panic to our city”. He added that six of them had been killed overnight. The Ministry of Defence have stated that Russian forces are “bypassing” northeastern city Chernihiv in order to “prioritise the encirclement and isolation” of Kyiv. According to Ukraine's Infrastructure Ministry, a Russian missile was shot down early on Saturday before it could reach the dam of a reservoir that serves Kyiv. Former Commander of the UK's Joint Forces Command Chris Deverell stated that Kyiv could fall to Russian control "soon" and fighting will continue to be "very bloody". Ukrainian government official Lyudmyla Denysova has claimed that 210 Ukrainians have died and 1,100 been injured since the start of the invasion on Thursday. She did not specify if this included civilian casualties. READ MORE: Ukrainians using British weapons to cut Russians off [INSIGHT] While Russia has claimed they are only aiming for military targets, bridges, schools and residential areas have all been caught up in the airstrikes. In a video statement earlier today, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy accused Russia of “deliberately choosing tactics to hurt people”, emphasising the attacks that appear to be on civilian areas with no military infrastructure. He added that Saturday night had been “brutal”, with occupying forces “attacking everything including ambulances”, and planning to hit Ukrainian cities “even more”. The president, who has stayed in Kyiv, has raised hopes of a diplomatic solution and after agreeing to talks with Russian delegates on the border with Belarus. DON'T MISS: BBC's ex-Russia reporter explains reason Putin hasn't invaded Kyiv [REVEAL]Fury erupts after Britons have EU funding REVOKED in bitter row [ANALYSIS]Lammy squirms over Labour Russia sanctions [INSIGHT] He also tweeted that he had submitted an application against Russia to the International Court of Justice and expects “trials to start next week”. Western countries have responded to the crisis with severe sanctions on Russia. Yesterday evening, they agreed to remove certain Russian banks from the SWIFT global financial messaging system. However, Liz Truss told Sky News that the conflict may go on for several years. She said: “This is not going to be over quickly, we need to be prepared, I fear, for a very long haul.” In response to the international sanctions, Putin announced today that he had put Russia’s nuclear deterrent on high alert.