Russia is currently facing stiff opposition from Ukraine and its invasion timetable is not going as planned. Military experts now say that Russia could use deadly superweapons that vaporise bodies and crush internal organs if their assault in Ukraine becomes bogged down. Western officials fear Mr Putin could resort to high-power thermobaric weapons - dubbed the 'father of all bombs'.  These weapons are also known as vacuum bombs and are high-powered explosives that use the atmosphere itself as part of the explosion. The bomb works by using oxygen from the surrounding air to generate a high-temperature explosion. This makes it far deadlier than a conventional explosive weapon. They have been used by the US military in Afghanistan and are among the most powerful non-nuclear weapons ever developed. READ MORE: The mask slips! REAL reason spineless EU threw Ukraine under bus  A thermobaric bomb dropped by the US on Taliban in Afghanistan in 2017 weighed 21,600 pounds. The bomb left a crater more than 300 metres wide after it exploded six feet above the ground. Russia and the US developed these weapons throughout the 'Cold War'. Russia detonated the largest thermobaric weapon ever made in 2007. This beast was dropped in a location in Russian and created an explosion equivalent to 39.9 tons. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES]    Speaking to the Daily Mail a Western official said: "My fear would be that if they don't meet their timescale and objectives they would be indiscriminate in their use of violence. "They don’t adhere to the same principles of necessity and proportionality and rule of law that Western forces do." Amid Putin's assault on Ukraine, the nation's armed forces seem to be making a stand that has successfully repelled some Russian attacks. A senior US defence official said on Friday that Russia appears to have lost some of its momentum due to Ukraine's resistance. The US official said: "We do assess that there is greater resistance by the Ukrainians than the Russians expected." The official added that Ukraine's command and control of its military "remains intact". The official added: "They are not moving on Kyiv as fast as what we believe they anticipated they would be able to do. "That said, they continue to try to move on Kyiv." 