Jane McDonald is a well-known singer-songwriter, former Loose Women panellist and cruise ship performer. But it all began for her back in her home county of Yorkshire which is where she is returning to for her new show Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire. The Channel 5 series is going to see the 58-year-old go on a personal journey as she shares memories and insight into Yorkshire's history and culture. Jane was first married to a man called Paul but very little is known about him or their relationship. They were only married for one year in 1986 before splitting up and it was another 12 years before Jane remarried. She met her second husband Henrik Brixen while filming the BBC series The Cruise with him working onboard the ship as a plumbing engineer. They tied the knot in 1998 with their wedding featured on the docu-series. READ MORE: Amanda Redman opens up on relationships with co-stars After they got married, Henrik took over as Jane's manager to help her career blossom. However, after just four years, they split up as Henrik felt he was holding Jane back in her career. To ensure he didn't come between his wife and success, Henrik broke up with the cruise singer for good. While it must have been difficult at the time, Jane has expressed gratitude towards her second ex-husband. She told the Mirror in 2018: "Henrik tried his very very best and he was brilliant at what he did, but he didn’t know the industry. "We'd come to a point where Henrik had made quite a few enemies and he said, 'If I don’t leave you, you are never going to have a career.' "And that is why I never talk about Henrik in a bad light at all because he was the one that walked out of the marriage to save my career." DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [CAST]Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley [TRIBUTE]Jane McDonald: Singer on the 'horrendous' illness that killed partner [EXPLAINER] Jane did find love again with the former drummer for the 1960s group The Searchers, Eddie Rothe in 2008. Jane and Eddie rekindled their romance decades later after they first started dating as children. Sadly, he was diagnosed with lung cancer and died a few months later in March 2021. He spent his final days at The Wakefield Hospice who his loved ones thanked in a statement on Twitter at the time. Jane McDonald will return for the second episode of My Yorkshire on Sunday, February 27. The synopsis reads: "Jane taking in the delights of Oakworth, the station featured in classic film The Railway Children, and meets Christopher Witty, who played Jim in the movie. "As Jane Eyre is one of her favourite novels, Jane visits the Howarth to learn more about the Bronte sisters' lives and the inspirational landscape of West Yorkshire." Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire continues every Sunday at 9pm on Channel 5.