Law and Order returns to NBC on February 24 and the series welcomes some familiar faces. Fans are hoping certain characters will make a surprise comeback as there are some casting announcements still to come to light. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why Jill Hennessy quit the TV series as Claire Kincaid. Claire Kincaid was the Assistant District Attorney in the series from seasons four to six. The character was killed off in 1996 when she died in a car accident. Claire had been driving a drunk Lennie Briscoe (played by Jerry Orbach) home from a bar when the accident happened. One of the reasons why actress Hennessy left the series is because she felt the role was "limited". READ MORE: Law and Order exit: Why did Benjamin Bratt leave Law and Order? Speaking to The Morning Call back in 2006, she said: "One of the reasons you see actors moving on is that it's so easy to become typecast. "If they see you in that one light, people presume that's all you can do. "I was getting that from day one, with casting directors basically thinking, 'She can't do comedy. She can't do emotional work'." The actress said she was keen to have a varied career and not stay in the same genre. Following her exit she starred in NBC's Crossing Jordan, followed by Madam Secretary and Shots Fired. READ MORE: Why did Paul Sorvino leave Law and Order as Phil Cerreta? The Canadian actress and singer, 53, is currently playing Jenny Rohr in City on a Hill. Her most recent film credits include Standing Up, Falling Down and Crypto. She married Paolo Mastropietro in 2000 and they have two sons together, Marco and Gianni. The latest season of Law and Order will include the return of a fan-favourite female character. However, the star's identity is yet to be revealed. Sadly for fans of Hennessy, it will not be Claire. DON'T MISS... Law and Order SVU star sparks frenzy with Hargitay and Meloni reunion [DISCUSSION] Law and Order’s Benson star recalls life-changing fan tribute [INTERVIEW] Law and Order’s Stabler star teases SVU crossover [INSIGHT] She first appeared in the fourth season episode Sweeps and made her last appearance in the season six episode Aftershock. Her character Claire did feature in the Homicide: Life on the Street crossover episode For God and Country. She had replaced ADA Paul Robinette (Richard Brooks), following a previous feud with the character. Her character died just as she was considering leaving the DA's office. After witnessing Mickey Scott's (Chris Bauer) execution, her car was hit by a drunk driver as she took Detective Briscoe home. Following her death, Briscoe attended Alcoholics Anonymous and remained sober for the rest of his life. He may have felt guilty that his alcohol addiction contributed to her death. The tragedy also played on the mind of Jack McCoy (Sam Waterston), who went to great lengths to convict a drunk driver of murder.  Law and Order season 21 premieres on NBC on February 24.