Fawlty Towers star John Cleese has taken to Twitter to weigh in on the relationship between Russian president Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump, a day after Ukraine was invaded by Russian forces, which he described as "murder" in a previous tweet. The Monty Python actor, 82, also questioned what the consequences of the pair's relationship would be for the world if The Apprentice founder were ever to be re-elected as president. In view of his 5.7 million followers, the actor posed a stark warning about the nature of the relationship between the former US president and the leader of the Kremlin. Cleese wrote: "We all know that Donald Trump admires Vladimir Putin. "Does this give us a clear idea of what would happen to the US if Trump were to get elected again ?" Following his tweet, the star's fans took to the comments to have their say on the matter. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years Twitter user @MtBakerBoy wrote: "That's why Trump armed the Ukrainians and Putin waited until he was gone to invade. "Genius take there." @KarenHoward42 penned: "Unfortunately, it's what more than a few Americans would love. Some Evangelicals claim they love Putin's "Christian" views. "Guess they don't mind not being able to share the Gospel, invite friends to church, or speak about religion outside a church." While @MatthewMiall chipped in: "I know that Britain and EU will be in a very uneasy place if Trump were re-elected, with Putin to the East, along with agreements between Russia and China. "If Britain survived that scenario, with Freedoms intact, our PM will be a "stable genius" - I don't think it'll be Boris," they added. Yesterday, after it had been announced that Russia had invaded Ukraine, Cleese took to the micro-blogging platform to share his thoughts. He wrote: "This isn't a war, It's murder." DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson supported by fans over family member's health emergency [INSIGHT]Denise van Outen's ex shares cryptic post about 'ego in relationships' [UPDATE]Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS] Days ago, Cleese once again hit out at Putin and Trump, seemingly branding them "loonies". He wrote: "I see that Trump thinks Putin is a 'genius' "But does he regard him as a 'stable genius' ? "Don't forget, it takes one to know one "It's the same with loonies," he finished. It has been reported that yesterday saw 137 Ukrainian citizens, both soldiers and civilians, die in the conflict. Another 316 people have been injured. It comes as Ukraine's leader Volodymyr Zelesnky repeated his calls on the West to do more than just place economic sanctions on Russia.