Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is promising to open up the Marvel Cinematic Universe in an entirely new way. The latest trailer seemingly revealed a collection of legendary heroes, including Mr Fantastic, Blade, and Black Bolt. The most obvious hint, however, showed off the arrival of Professor Charles Xavier, played by Sir Patrick Stewart. The tense trailer showed a handcuffed Doctor Strange entering a chamber headed up by four silhouettes - likely The Illuminati. One mysterious figure eventually rolled forward before Stewart's voice announced: "We should tell him the truth." This sequence convinced fans that Stewart would be reprising his role as Professor X in the movie, but the actor himself has now confirmed the worst. In a new interview, Stewart broke his silence on returning to the big screen as the Marvel hero. But it may not be the news fans want to hear. He said: "You know, people have been imitating my voice ever since I came on the stage 60 years ago." He added: "So, I can't be held responsible for that." This denial followed Stewart confirming that he had spoken with Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige about returning to the character. READ MORE: Spider-Man: No Way Home writers address film’s biggest plot hole Stewart revealed in 2020: "I met with Kevin Feige a couple of months ago and we had long, long conversations. And there have been moves and suggestions, which include Charles Xavier." But he explained that the events of the 2017 film Logan prevented him from going ahead with anything. During Logan both Professor X and Wolverine were given proper narrative send-offs, complete with their emotional deaths along the way. Stewart said: "Here's the problem... If we had not made Logan, then yes, I would probably be ready to get into that wheelchair one more time and be Charles Xavier. But Logan changed all that." DON'T MISS...Spider-Man: No Way Home writers address film’s biggest plot hole [NEWS]Doctor Strange 2: Fans thrilled as star interview ‘confirms’ Deadpool [INFO]Doctor Strange 2: Patrick Stewart's Xavier 'is not' from X-Men films [INSIGHT] Stewart added that the finality of Logan even brought him to tears. He spoke about seeing the film for the first time alongside Wolverine star Hugh Jackman at its premiere. He recalled: "Shortly after Xavier's death scene, I found myself getting very emotional, but I had to keep a hold of myself because we were sitting in the middle of this cinema. And then I saw Hugh's hand come up to his eye and wipe away a tear. I thought, 'Dammit, the b****r's crying. Oh, let it out, Patrick.'" Still, could the British star be pulling the wool over fans' eyes? A new theory has surfaced that the Charles Xavier spotted in the Doctor Strange trailer is actually the Professor X from the 1990s cartoon: X-Men The Animated Series. This, technically, would be an entirely different character who had not yet been killed off. If this is the case, Charles Xavier could quite easily make a return through the multiverse. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits cinemas on May 6, 2022. SOURCE / SOURCE