Manchester United could be preparing to cash in on skipper Harry Maguire, with Ralf Rangnick supposedly a big fan of Antonio Rudiger. If the German translates his interest into a concrete bid for the Chelsea defender, Maguire could ultimately find himself frozen out at Old Trafford. The state of Man Utd's defence is highlighted by the troubling fact that David De Gea has made the most saves of any Premier League goalkeeper this season. While the Spaniard has been superb, the Red Devils' leaky backline is clearly causing problems as their top-four bid hangs in the balance. Currently, United occupy the Premier League's coveted fourth spot, but Arsenal are breathing down their necks with the luxury of two games in hand. Rumours are circulating around Old Trafford that Rangnick harbours doubts over the abilities of Maguire, Luke Shaw and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, which could see the club chase summer reinforcements. JUST IN: Liverpool icon Steve McManaman urges Barcelona starlet to wait for Anfield move One of those could be Rudiger, as the Chelsea star creeps towards the end of his contract at Stamford Bridge. The Mirror claim that United are keen on the 28-year-old, who the Blues signed from Roma in 2017. Rangnick is supposedly a 'big fan' of his compatriot, whose likely command for huge wages would be offset by his prospective availability on a free transfer. Landing him may not be easy though, with PSG and Real Madrid both sniffing around the athletic centre-back who has dazzled under Thomas Tuchel this campaign. READ MORE: Rangnick seen with old advisor that drops hint over next Man Utd boss With defensive reinforcements seemingly on the cards for the summer, the writing could ultimately be on the wall for Maguire's time in Manchester. World Cup winner Raphael Varane, still in his prime at 28-years-old, is highly unlikely to be dropped to the bench, particularly in light of the criticism Maguire has drawn this campaign. The England international set United back £80million in 2019, and has made more than 130 appearances for the club. Despite his stint at one of English football's biggest names, his trophy cabinet remains empty. Recouping a hefty fee for Maguire may still be possible, and United supposedly have big plans to back their new permanent manager in the summer - whoever that may be. Rangnick recently claimed it is 'obvious' that the Red Devils will pursue a striker in the transfer market. With Edinson Cavani set to leave upon the expiration of his contract, and Cristiano Ronaldo rumoured to be right alongside him, replacing players of that calibre will not come cheap. Whether it be an audacious move for Harry Kane or a hopeful attempt to sign Erling Haaland, United may take a look at their squad between now and the end of the season with bringing in cash on their minds. 