Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga has broken his silence following the penalty shootout defeat to Liverpool in Sunday's Carabao Cup final at Wembley. Kepa missed the crucial penalty to hand Jurgen Klopp his first domestic cup win as Liverpool manager. Chelsea and Liverpool played out an entertaining 0-0 draw where both sides had big chances to win the game in normal time. Extra-time came and went and penalties were the order of the day to settle the outcome. Kepa was brought on in the final stages of extra time to replace Edouard Mendy in goal. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has used that tactic before in the European Super Cup final, where the Blues came out on top. JUST IN: Jesse Marsch's honest RB Leipzig admission will worry Leeds amid relegation dogfight  However, the outcome was different this time around. All 20 outfielders scored their penalties, so it was the turn of the keepers. Caoimhin Kelleher scored his effort for Liverpool before Kepa skied what turned out to be the decisive spot-kick. The 27-year-old has since been ridiculed on social media for his wayward effort and faced criticism afterwards from former Liverpool captain Jamie Redknapp. It took a couple of hours after the game before Kepa broke his silence on social media. DON'T MISSMan Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba [REPORT]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION]Man Utd given handy chance to land striker as good as Harry Kane for much cheaper fee [TRANSFERS]  The Spaniard thanked the Chelsea fans for their support, tweeting: "To fall and rise. Disappointed after big effort during the tournament. We keep working. Thanks @chelseafc family for your support." Tuchel says there is no way of knowing what would have happened if he kept faith with Mendy for the shootout. And the German insists there is no blame on Kepa for his part in the defeat. "I take the decisions when I take the decisions and I can't re-judge them when I know the outcome," Tuchel said in his post-match press conference. "We don't know what would've happened if we left Edou on the pitch. No blame on Kepa, the blame is on me as I'm the guy who takes the decisions.  "Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't. This is life as a football coach. "The players know and we did it before. It's a nice subject now for you to make headlines but mistakes happen. "I do mistakes, Edou did a big mistake and almost got punished. It makes it easier if we have a big feeling, but blame me as I take the decisions. "We feel bad for [Kepa], of course. It was a bit harsh that he was the guy to miss the one and only penalty but there is no blame."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here