Fruits and vegetables are often ready to harvest in the summer months, which means now is the perfect time to start sowing some varieties. While it may seem too early to start planting vegetables, one expert recommended getting ahead of the game. John Dempsey, Housetastic’s gardening expert, explained that gardeners should start preparing their outdoor space towards the end of February and beginning of March. The expert said: “Starting on your garden too early can damage the soil structure, which can result in an inhospitable environment for plant roots and seedlings. “Wait until frost has lifted and loosen up compacted soil before preparing garden beds.” According to John, gardeners should begin sowing vegetables including tomatoes and potatoes. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours He said: “You should sow seeds indoors, ideally placed on a warm windowsill. “The plants can then be transferred outside once the weather properly warms up in mid-spring. “Plants such as tomatoes and even potatoes are ideal for starting indoors.” According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), sowing tomatoes indoors should be done so now. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading [COMMENT]Property: ‘Inexpensive’ ways to enhance the kerb appeal of your home [EXPERT]Common mistakes DIYers make when painting - and how to avoid them [EXPLAINER] They said: “Fill a small pot with seed compost, water well, then sow three or four seeds on the surface. Cover with vermiculite and keep at around 18 degrees celsius, ideally in a heated propagator, or cover with a clear plastic bag and place on a warm windowsill. “As seedlings appear, usually within a fortnight, uncover and place in as much light as possible, to prevent them growing thin and leggy.” After a couple of weeks, the seedlings can be moved into individual pots. According to John, there are more hardy vegetables which can be sown outside straight away. This includes onion and garlic varieties. However, the gardening expert warned gardeners that the conditions must be “optimal” for these vegetables to survive. He added: “Choose an area which allows free-draining soil, warm and sunny, and ideally sheltered from strong winds.” For gardeners who don’t already use compost in their garden, John advised this to become a priority this year. He said: “The benefit of using compost is enormous. “Compost acts as a food source and a probiotic, making the soil more fertile and efficient at maintaining the soil’s ecosystem. Not only is compost beneficial for soil, but it removes carbon from the atmosphere and stores it in the soil, which is beneficial for proper regenerative farming. “There are various ways to begin composting, from using a bin to store to using an open heap which takes a bit longer to eventually turn into compost. “There is no particularly better way to make compost, it just depends on the conditions of your garden, as the site must not be subjected to temperature or moisture extremes. “Using a bin can be preferable, as it keeps the compost in one place and can be repositioned to best suit the garden it is in. “Bins also retain more warmth and moisture, making better compost faster than an open heap.” Vegetable varieties can benefit from compost which adds nutrients to the soil as well as improve soil structure.