A snap poll from Fleet News found 55 percent of fleets backed the new rule changes. However, a “sizeable minority” still rejected the changes with 40 percent saying they did not favour the new rules. Five percent of motorists said they were not sure of their decision. This means as many as 45 percent of fleets either don't like or have doubts over the changes. But, less than half of drivers backed the road pricing plans when all respondents were questioned over the changes. Just 42 percent said they backed a pay-as you-go scheme with 39 percent against the changes. READ MORE: New car tax changes set to be announced in weeks Almost one in five respondents to the poll said they were unsure of the new rules. The survey comes after a new report from the Transport Select committee recommended the introduction of new road pricing fees. However, the report addressed the concern a new policy could have among road users. The report said: “The history of road pricing is a history of public unpopularity. DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]Drivers ‘worried about’ new car tax proposals [INSIGHT]New car tax fees could charge drivers based on vehicle weight [ANALYSIS] "Fifteen years ago, for example, a petition against the introduction of road pricing attracted more than one million signatures. “As a result, road pricing has acquired the reputation as a policy that is too unpopular to implement.” It added the political risks associated with road pricing have made it “too toxic a prospect” for Governments to introduce. There is concern the Treasury could lose up to £35billion as more drivers switch to electric cars. This is down to the loss of traditional Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) and fuel duty rates through the reduction of petrol and diesel vehicles. Some motoring experts have raised concerns over the new proposals and called for exemptions to apply to some individuals. However, others have backed the new scheme, adding it makes “perfect sense” for motorists to be charged on mileage. Richard ‘Moggy’ Morgan, host of Quest TV’s Vintage Voltage said: “[No matter] what sort of car you've got right now, you basically pay a flat rate. “It doesn't matter if you do 10,000 miles a year or 110,000 miles a year, you pay the same amount. “Well, you're using the roads a lot more if you are doing more mileage so you should pay a lot more. “You should pay a proportionate amount of tax depending on how much you're using the road infrastructure.”