Prince Harry and Meghan Markle enjoyed a lovely evening out with some of their family members from the UK. Princess Eugenie made her way to California with her husband Jack Brooksbank and one-year-old baby August. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have lived in California since March 2020 after stepping back as senior royals.  The two couples headed out into Santa Barbara over the weekend for dinner and were photographed by TMZ breaking bread and enjoying some wine. Harry and Eugenie have always been close as cousins and were photographed last week at the Super Bowl together. Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the encounter in Santa Barbara and whether or not the royals’ emotions were genuine. She claimed: “This was the most incredibly animated conversation with what look like some overkill signals of laughter and general jollity.   “The pictures are suggesting that either Harry and Meghan were having the very best fun in a way that we have rarely glimpsed before and were very keen to flatter their guests. “Or, that they had spotted the cameras and wanted to send a very emphatic message back to the UK of how much the rest of the royals are missing out by not paying them a visit and enjoying their relaxed and super-friendly company. “Meghan’s open-mouthed laughter shows her in a rather new light as we were rarely able to glimpse this emphatically ‘guard down’, social fun side when she was in the UK. “Harry always had a reputation for being the ‘fun’ Prince, but his body language here exceeds what we have been shown before.  “Not only is his mouth wide open in laughter, but his eyes are also widened too, and his brows are raised, which is quite a rare blend, suggesting some surprise at Jack’s point. “It suggests Jack has just said something both fascinating and amusing. “The way that Eugenie clasps her hands as she watches Harry’s response suggests she is enjoying seeing her husband entertain him so well. “When Eugenie speaks, Harry throws her a gaze of fascination and warmth, narrowing his eyes slightly and placing his fingers over his mouth in a gesture of active listening.   “It is flattering, announcing no intention to speak or interrupt while she is talking.” The pictures taken of the two couples were through the window of the restaurant, however Meghan was clearly photographed walking into the establishment. The Duchess was wearing a white blazer and white trousers whilst protecting herself from coronavirus with a black face mask. Princess Eugenie could be seen in a modest long black dress with a floral print from Claudie Pierlot.  On top, she could be seen wearing a camel brown long coat from Max Mara, not dissimilar from the ones worn by Meghan and also Kate Middleton. Both Harry and Jack were wearing smart black blazers over their professional looking shirts. Eugenie and Jack now live in Frogmore Cottage, the former UK home of Harry and Meghan. It is also the home where Harry has been staying in, each time he has returned to the UK since moving to America. 