Express.co.uk spoke to Penelope, a British expat who lived in Sweden for two years. Penelope lived in Sweden’s beautiful capital city, Stockholm. Penelope was a student while living in Stockholm and she told Express.co.uk what life was like in Sweden. She said: “I definitely think I had a better quality of life in Sweden than I do now living in London. “However in Sweden, that is paid for in higher taxes. Taxes are high compared to the UK when it comes to things like groceries, food and alcohol. “You also have to be really prepared if you want to drink. In Sweden, you can’t buy alcohol after 7pm and you have to get it from a special Government shop.” READ MORE: Spain, France, Italy & Greece: What are the latest travel rules? Alcohol is carefully monitored in Sweden and residents have to buy it from special shops, known as systembolaget. The Government controlled shops are the only retailers allowed to sell alcoholic drinks of more than 3.5 percent alcohol content in Sweden. Customers must be aged 20 or above to buy alcohol from a systembolaget and they usually close at 7pm. On Saturday, many of the shops close at 3pm while they are closed on Sunday. British expats will need to prepare if they want to host a party in Sweden. Penelope told Express.co.uk: “I think one of my favourite things about living in Sweden was the easy access to nature. “I lived about 20 minutes outside the city centre but was surrounded by a beautiful and quiet forest. “You’re also never far from the water in Stockholm and there are quite a few lakes you can ice skate on in winter. “In summer, it’s really popular to go swimming in the lakes and then you can go for a sauna afterwards.” She added: “Public transport is also great. In Stockholm you pay a set amount and then you get unlimited use on buses, trams, the metro and even ferries. “I paid a lot less than I pay in London and it’s also a better experience as it’s never as crowded as in the UK.” Stockholm is also known for its incredible metro art. Each station has its own unique design style. At Kungsträdgården station passengers can marvel at a subterranean garden while Stadion station has a stunning rainbow design. Penelope said she loved her life in Sweden but there was one thing she missed about the UK. She told Express.co.uk: “I think the culture and fashion is more conservative than in the UK and it’s not as diverse as some UK cities such as London. “In terms of style, the UK is definitely a lot more exciting than Sweden.” British expats living in Stockholm will also have to get used to the shorter daylight hours in winter when the sun can set as early as 2pm.