Death in Paradise rumours are flying as to whether or not lead actor Ralf Little will return for the twelfth season. After his main love interest Florence Cassell (Joséphine Jobert), left early in the current season to further her career, will the lead detective set sail to be with her?   Season ten of the BBC show ended at the hair-raising moment of Neville poised to confess his true feelings for Florence. It sadly wasn't meant to be as Florence shot him down and left Saint Marie to follow her dream of becoming an undercover officer. Now on his third outing as the police detective, the 42-year-old recently tweeted a cryptic message that hinted that he might be leaving the show. Referencing an interview he did previously, he said: "At the end, it says I am definitely going back to film series 12. That is not true as that discussion is still ongoing. Read More:Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute to colleague "I wouldn't bring it up now, except I don't want other papers to start saying I've made an official announcement when I haven't." He started by sharing a link to his interview in The Times on Twitter with his 276,900 followers. The Royal Family actor posted a series of tweets praising the publication and criticising it, confirming that he has not signed on yet for season 12. He said: "I'm happy with my @thesundaytimes interview with the lovely Julia Llewellyn Smith, but sometimes what you actually said needs to be paraphrased to fit in..." Six tweets were published pulling up issues he had, such as his statements on mental health that had been paraphrased, and he ended denying he had said yes to the next instalment of the show. There are some speculations that he could be stepping away from the island to be the next Time Lord taking over as Doctor Who from Jodie Whittaker when she leaves or that he wants to focus on other projects. Will the lead detective leave the island as he follows his heart and reunites with Florence? The faintest whiff of him leaving the thriller caused fans to unite online and ask him to stay. @Loulabellatron said: "Hi, I do hope you continue to do another series or two of DiP. I'm really enjoying you and all the new character's development.  "DiP is such a treasure, and I really think you've all hit the right tone with it as it progresses. Thanks to you and the team." Debbie Priddey added: "I hope you will be back. I've loved Neville's development through the series - of all the detectives, and he's had the biggest journey. And the Florence story was handled so well." Sharing his tweet with multiple fingers crossed emojis Rich Thorn begged: "Hope you do continue Ralf!!" Adding to viewers' distress, earlier this month he told the Saturday Kitchen team: "It's just I have filmed the series that I was originally contracted to do.  