Putin has been subjected to heavy sanctions from the West after the Russian President recognised two rebel held eastern regions of Ukraine. The leader then ordered the military to enter Donetsk and Luhansk for “peacekeeping duties”, in a move that the US President Joe Biden labelled as a “flagrant violation of international law”. In turn the US has imposed sanctions against two of Russia’s financial institutions, VEB and Russia’s military bank.   Meanwhile, UK Prime MInister Boris Johnson announced today that five Russian banks and three Russian billionaires have had their assets frozen, while he labelled Putin’s move a “renewed invasion”. Putin, who first became Russian President in 1999, has long endured a fraught relationship with the West and has been characterised by some as unpredictable and brash. Once, a member of Putin’s party, Mr Petrov, proposed plans to give Russian Royal Family members “special status” in a surprise move that allegedly received the President’s direct approval. The Romanov family’s return would not threaten the rule of the Kremlin, and they would play a part in unifying Russia, according to the 2015 proposal. Read More: Prince Charles: the idyllic island owned by the Prince Mr Petrov wrote letters to the airs of the Romanov dynasty, who ruled Russia for over 300 years before the abdication of the last Tsar Nicholas II ahead of the 1917 revolution. A year later, Nicholas, his wife Tsarina Alexandra, and their five children, were executed under the orders of the Ural Soviet. However Mr Petrov wrote letters to the Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna and Prince Dimitri Romanovich in which he insisted they return to Russia and become symbols of national culture. In the letters Mr Petrov said: “Throughout the history of its reign, the imperial dynasty of the Romanovs was one of the pillars of Russia’s sovereignty.   “[Russia is now going] through a difficult process of restoring the country’s greatness and returning its global influence.” He added: “Members of the Romanov House cannot stay aloof from the processes taking place in Russia now at such an important historical moment. “I am sure that a return of the descendant of the last Russian ruler to the historic homeland will contribute towards smoothing of political contradictions left since the October Revolution, and will become a symbol of the revival of the spiritual power of the Russian people. “The Royal Family descendants might play an important symbolic role in Russian society. Don't Miss:Queen 'instincts' remark about Vladimir Putin during 2003 visit[OPINION]Royal Family: Which members of the Firm have caught COVID-19[ANALYSIS]Prince Harry's two-step process to help him on public engagements[INSIGHT] “Like many European countries, [the] Romanovs might become a symbol of preserving traditions and national culture.” In recent years members of the Romanov family have spent more time in Russia. Last year, Georgy Romanov, who is great grandson of Grand Duke Kirill, the cousin of Nicholas II, married Italian consultant Rebecca Bettarini in the first royal wedding in St Petersburg in over a century. Mr Petrov proposed that the family be returned to one of the Romanov’s palaces in Ropshinsky or Pavlovsky, near St Petersburg.  He added: “The Imperial House has repeatedly said that it is ready to come back to Russia for permanent residence and our representatives spend increasingly more time in Russia and feel eager to move. “Duchess Maria Vladimirovna could have returned any moment as a private citizen, but since she heads the Imperial House and bears responsibility to the ancestors, her return must be decent.” Putin’s moves into Donetsk and Luhansk have been met by widespread condemnation across the West. Germany today suspended the certification of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which was designed to bring gas from Eastern Russia into Europe.  Meanwhile the EU has unanimously agreed on a first wave of measures against the country, which included targeting members of Russian parliament who were in favour of recognising the two rebel regions of Ukraine. Russian banks were also blocked from accessing the EU financial markets. If Russia invades the rest of Ukraine, they could be cut off from the global banking system and be denied access to the dollar. 