Good Morning Britain guest presenter Robert Rinder has opened up about his friendship with ITV co-host Susanna Reid. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Judge Rinder star, 43, spoke about their eight-year relationship, as well as his role as brand ambassador for Fletchers Solicitors and Patient Claim Line. The GMB newsreader and the barrister have a friendship spanning almost a decade. Last year, Robert joined the mother-of-three on the ITV show's panel following the departure of host Piers Morgan. Reflecting on his friendship with the former BBC Breakfast presenter, Robert told how they hit it off straight away while meeting for work. He told Express.co.uk: "It was just a random series of events, she asked me the cleverest question that I've ever been asked in any interview. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years "I remember that, I don't remember what the question was, but I just thought, 'Oh, God, that's so clever.' "It's like a type of, we used to call it the ring fencing type of thing. "Like how one of my heroes at the bar might ask a witness not yet on the ropes in a cross examination," he explained. He went on to tell how they pursued a friendship off-screen, before gushing over his co-star's talents. Rob continued: "It's one of those things, telly is not a space for great depth or emotional authenticity, we just realised we sort of like the same things and move forward from that." He added that presenting with Susanna "lifts the game", explaining that it makes it "easier" for him in his presenting role. "My first thoughts when I sat down next Susanna and you know, a friend, was how good they are at what they do," Rob divulged. "But just like Dolly Parton says about herself, you know, it takes a lot of work to make me look this cheap. DON'T MISS... Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby 'supporting Phillip Schofield' after Eamonn swipe[ANALYSIS]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] "It takes a lot of talent, a lot of incredible emotional intellectual range to make it look that effortless, and boy does she. "And so it's much easier to be sitting alongside Susanna because it just makes the whole thing," he confessed. The Judge Rinder star also spoke about his work with Patient Claim Line to investigate what happens when a medical negligence claim is made against the NHS and how it can improve processes for other patients. Making a medical negligence claim against the NHS means that patients are able to secure the compensation they are entitled to, allowing them to cover costs related to injuries or disabilities they may have suffered as a result of a medical mistake. Speaking about the process of making a claim, Rob said: "It's about our shared provider, making sure and ensuring that it delivers best practice. "And when it falls dangerously short, not just ensuring the NHS is held to account, but that the individual is properly remunerated for their injury to be sure, but also to protect, to serve and to defend the NHS to make sure it keeps its standards up. "And also where we know in instances there have been a series of problems perhaps in one unit, for instance, unless people come forward and are prepared to say what's happened to them, that can really result in long term bad practice, which is not what the NHS wants either. "But what I’ve learned is that these actions can improve treatment and ensure the safety of patients in the future. Ultimately, improving services for all of us," he added. You can contact Patient Claim Line here.