Leeds boss Marcelo Bielsa is now under severe pressure after Saturday’s Premier League defeat to Tottenham. The Whites went into the game hoping to secure victory to boost their chances of staying in the top flight. But it was another bad day at Elland Road, with Leeds now firmly in a fight to swerve relegation to the Championship after a 4-0 defeat. Leeds entered the match with Tottenham having lost four of their last five matches. And they were comprehensively outplayed by Antonio Conte’s team, who cruised to victory at Elland Road. Matt Doherty put the visitors in front in the 10th minute, with the defender slotting home after good work from Ryan Sessegnon. Dejan Kulusevski then doubled Tottenham’s lead, finishing after linking up with Doherty in the build-up. Harry Kane notched Spurs’ third before the interval, striking home after a pinpoint pass from Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, with Son Heung-Min then on target in the closing stages. It was a dire afternoon for Leeds - and Bielsa in particular. So Express Sport will now take a look at four managers the board should consider when it comes to replacing the Argentine. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ernesto Valverde didn’t always meet the expectations of Barcelona supporters during his time at the club. But it’s worth noting that, since his departure, the Catalan giants have fallen apart. Valverde plays attacking football but he can be defensive-minded, too. That’s something Leeds need, with the Whites shipping goals from everywhere at the current moment in time. Valverde remains available following his Barcelona sacking back in 2020, so he should be top of Leeds’ shortlist when it comes to taking over from Bielsa. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Another manager currently on the market is Jesse Marsch. It’s previously been reported the former RB Leipzig boss is ‘waiting in the wings’ to take over at Elland Road as a result, having been sacked earlier this season. He did laugh off speculation linking him with a move to the club recently by telling Jamie Carragher: “You're reading the newspapers and Twitter too much, Jamie! “Listen, I'm enjoying being unemployed, let's just say that. I'm enjoying a little bit of free time right now.” Honesty isn’t a word commonly thrown around in football, however, and it’s possible Marsch will end up taking over if Bielsa loses his job. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Unlike Marsch and Valverde, Carlos Corberan is currently in employment. The 38-year-old has done well at Huddersfield, helping them to fourth in the Championship table. Yet while they won’t want to lose their boss, Leeds could strike gold if they decide to come calling. Corberan would certainly be a gamble. However, rolling the dice may be the only way for the Elland Road outfit to stay in the Premier League - especially given their current poor form. If Leeds want an experienced and established manager, what about Ronald Koeman? The Dutchman was sacked by Barcelona earlier this year but he’s previously done well with Southampton and the Netherlands national team. Koeman would bring experience, while his defensive mindset means Leeds may become harder to beat under his stewardship. This one, for now, appears unlikely. Yet Koeman is certainly another boss worthy of consideration as Leeds look to end their current woeful spell.