Jane McDonald, 58, has revisited the “tough” final moments she shared with her late fiance, The Searchers drummer Eddie Rothe. The musician died in March 2021 at the age of 67 after being diagnosed with lung cancer. Jane revisited her heartbreak as she returned to the Loose Women studio for the first time since Eddie’s death in November last year. The interview also marked Jane’s first time speaking publicly since Ed’s passing. Panellist Jane Moore explained: “I know this must be enormously difficult for you… “To see Ed like that, it just must bring such a flood of memories and people might be thinking, ‘why is Jane sitting here?’ “But you want to speak about it because he was such a wonderful man.” Jane immediately broke down in tears as she remembered her late fiance and explained that “it wasn’t Ed” to be sad. Jane said: “I’m so sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't want to be like this.” She continued to her Loose Women co-stars: “I don’t want to feel sad for the rest of my life, because that wasn’t Ed. “Ed was golden. He was smiling, he was beautiful. “I’ve got to do the first interview, and I couldn’t be with better people here. It's been tough, but there's so many of us out there who have been through this. “And my heart goes out to you all because it's been a tough 18 months for so many of us." Jane and Eddie met and dated for a few months back in 1980 when Jane was just 17. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [LATEST]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [UPDATE]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war [INSIGHT] In 2008 they reunited and got engaged when Eddie proposed on Christmas Eve of that year. Jane announced last year the devastating news of his passing in a statement. In the heartfelt message, she also confirmed her beloved fiancé had been battling lung cancer over the past few months. She wrote: “It is with immense sadness that we share the news that Jane’s beloved life partner, Ed, passed away on Friday 26th March. "He had been battling lung cancer for the last few months. “We would like to thank everyone for all their help and support during this very difficult time, especially the NHS staff and the wonderful team at The Wakefield Hospice." Shortly after another message was sent out, that said: "Announcement 2/2: ...during this very difficult time, especially the NHS staff and the wonderful team at The Wakefield Hospice. "The funeral took place earlier today and we would please ask for your kindness in observing Jane’s privacy for her and Ed’s family at this sad time."