Political scientist, Vyacheslav Nikonov sat down with Sky News to discuss the Russian declaration of Luhansk and Donetsk. Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree that parts of Ukraine, Luhansk and Donetsk are now Russian states. Putin's move has caused international backlash from political leaders who have vowed to impose harsh sanctions on the country. Mr Nikonov denied invading Ukraine "we're not a nation which is starting wars" and claimed Russians were living in Donetsk and Luhansk being the reason for the decree. Sky News reporter said: "Can you explain to us today, why Russian forces have invaded?" Mr Nikonov said: "Well Russian forces have not invaded yet, we just recognised the two republics, Donetsk and Luhansk, republic. "Which were there for eight years, and the only thing that kept them inside Ukraine was the Minsk courts. "What we ask Kyiv to do, just implement something from the Minsk court. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms  Mr Nikonov added: "There were eleven articles which Ukraine had to implement and they didn't implement a single one. "So the time has come for doing something, for the recognition, especially in the context of the rejection of all Russian peace proposals which were sent to Russians and to Brussels. "They were quite simple." Sky News reporter added: "Why should Russia have anything to do with this area though, it's not part of Russia?" READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop Mr Nikonov said: "Well, there are Russians living there being..." Foreign Secretary has met With Russian political counterparts to try and de-escalate the tensions between Russia and Ukraine. In a statement accompanying a Foreign Office news release this week, Ms Truss wrote: "This first wave of sanctions will hit oligarchs and banks close to the Kremlin. It sends a clear message that the UK will use our economic heft to inflict pain on Russia and degrade their strategic interests. "And we are prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of hi-tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. "These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard." 