McDonald’s made headlines earlier this year as it introduced a brand-new product to its menu. The Chicken Big Mac delighted fans everywhere, but weeks after it was made available, it was removed. The Chicken Big Mac is similar to McDonald’s iconic Big Mac, but features chicken patties instead of beef burgers. It also contains the Big Mac’s special sauce. It costs £4.09 for just the sandwich, and £5.59 for a medium meal with fries and a drink. The Chicken Big Mac was introduced to menus on February 2, but as a limited-edition launch – available for six weeks only. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ However, the product was taken off the menu less than two weeks after its launch. This was due to incredibly high demand, making it sell out in just 10 days. McDonald’s wrote on Twitter at the time: “Well, that escalated quickly. “Your love for the limited-edition Chicken Big Mac knew no bounds and it’s sold out almost everywhere. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] “Thank you for lovin’ it even more than we thought you would, it’ll be back soon.” And, indeed, the beloved product is back this week. The Chicken Big Mac will be available to buy in McDonald’s restaurants from Wednesday, March 2. But, like the original launch, the product will only be around for a limited time. The Chicken Big Mac will be available until March 15, or until stocks last. Customers must therefore be quick in case the item sells out again. A McDonald’s spokesperson said: “We have been delighted by our customers’ reaction to the limited-edition Chicken Big Mac. “Thank-you to everyone who has made this the UK and Ireland’s most popular launch ever. “The demand has been incredible, and we’re pleased to share its back but for a limited time only.” When the Chicken Big Mac was made unavailable in mid-February, fans took to Twitter to express their disappointment. Elle Turpitt wrote: “Nooooo I haven't had a chance yet!” India Hay said: “This has broken my heart.” Sarah added: “Back soon? Are u serious, just make it permanent!!!! It was the best thing I’ve ever eaten at McDonald’s!”