Aston Villa defender Matty Cash was booked for revealing a message of support for a Poland team-mate stuck in Ukraine amid the Russian invasion of the eastern European country. Cash scored Villa's opening goal in the Premier League clash against Brighton and shared a touching message for Tomasz Kedziora.  Dynamo Kyiv star Kedziora is stuck in Ukraine, which has been under invasion from Vladimir Putin's Russia since Wednesday. Putin ordered an invasion of Ukraine, which borders southern Russia, and on Saturday is understood to have moved troops into the capital, Kyiv. Several sporting institutions and individuals have made touching gestures of solidarity with the Ukranian population. And Villa defender Cash, who in 2021 declared allegiance for Poland, has shown support to national team team-mate Kedziora. JUST IN: Leeds board's top four candidates to replace Bielsa after Spurs defeat  After scoring for the Midlands side against Brighton, the right-back lifted up his shirt to reveal a message. It read: "Tomasz Kedziora + family, stay strong bro." Referee John Brooks showed Cash a yellow card in the aftermath of the celebrations. The FA's Laws of the Game do not allow players to remove their shirt. However, Sky Sports Soccer Saturday pundits felt the decision to book the right-back was harsh.  Michael Dawson and presenter Jeff Stelling felt that the sensitivity of the subject should have prompted Brooks to simply ignore Cash’s gesture. And they commented that Cash risked a red card with just another yellow. Dawson, commentating on the match for the programme, explained: "It's a rocket [of a shot] into [Robert] Sanchez's right-hand corner. “He has no chance. Cash takes his shirt off and he celebrates. "'Tomasz and family, stay strong bro.' Obviously that's with everything going off in the world, the war. He's been booked." DON'T MISS...Leeds board's top four candidates to replace Bielsa after Spurs defeatTottenham thrash Leeds: Doherty's message to Conte and Bielsa's crisisManchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash  And Stelling reacted: "He's been booked for it! John Brooks is an inexperienced Premier League referee. "Hopefully when people come to their senses, the Premier League will just ignore that. They should just ignore that." Dawson added: "I hope now Jeff because he plays on the edge, Cash, he makes tackles, he's one yellow card already. It's only John Brooks' third Premier League game."   Poland are refusing to play March's World Cup play-off tie with Russia. The Football Federation have been backed by players including Cash, Robert Lewandowski and former Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczcesny.