Chelsea's Kepa Arrizabalaga has been brutally mocked by Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink following his penalty nightmare in the Blues' Carabao Cup final shootout defeat to Liverpool on Sunday. The Spaniard spectacularly blazed his all-important spot-kick over the bar to decide the contest shortly after being substituted on for penalties especially. In a thrilling Wembley final, neither side managed to make the breakthrough across 120 minutes of action, despite both going agonisingly close. A number of efforts were disallowed for offside throughout the encounter, forcing the showpiece to be settled by spot-kicks. Moments before penalties were to commence, Thomas Tuchel made the call to switch first-choice goalkeeper Edouard Mendy with Kepa for the shootout - a tactic he previously deployed to great success in the European Super Cup against Villarreal last August. However, this time, his gamble didn't pay off. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  Kepa failed to save any of Liverpool's 11 efforts from the spot - including one from his opposite number Caoimhin Kelleher - before decisively skying his attempt from 12 yards out to hand Jurgen Klopp's men the trophy. Speaking on Sky Sports after the match, former Chelsea striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink showed no mercy towards the unfortunate Blues stopper, mocking him over his alleged confusion. “He was confused with taking a goal kick and a penalty," Hasselbaink scoffed. “It was a good goal kick, though.” The Spaniard initially remained tight-lipped in the immediate aftermath of his costly blunder, before then breaking his silence as he took to Twitter late on Sunday evening. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens  He wrote: "To fall and rise. Disappointed after big effort during the tournament. We keep working. Thanks Chelsea family for your support." Despite being deployed by Tuchel in the hope of becoming the penalty hero, Kepa ultimately found himself cast in the role of villain following his crucial miss, however, it was the Chelsea manager who took full responsibility for the outcome. "We feel bad for [Kepa], of course," Tuchel admitted. "It was a bit harsh that he was the guy to miss the one and only penalty but there is no blame. "I take the decisions when I take the decisions and I can't re-judge them when I know the outcome.  "We don't know what would've happened if we left Edou on the pitch. "No blame on Kepa. Blame on me as I'm the guy who takes the decisions. Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't. This is life as a football coach." Chelsea's failure to add the Carabao Cup to their recent trophy haul means they are now left to fight it out on two fronts over the remainder of the season. With the Premier League title all but out of reach, the Blues hopes of silverware this season rest on the FA Cup and the Champions League - the latter an honour they will be looking to retain.  