Scottish actor Brian Cox described the Ukraine invasion, which has been ongoing for the past five days, as "truly awful" when he was accepting an accolade alongside the Succession cast at the SAG Awards. The 75-year-old actor was one of several stars to pay tribute to those impacted by the crisis during the ceremony which was held on Sunday. Cox, who portrays media mogul Logan Roy in Succession, took home the gong for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble, with his co-stars at the event. While accepting the award, the actor condemned how artists in Russia were being impacted by the conflict. During his acceptance speech, Cox said: "This is a thing that's come to me about what's going on in Ukraine. "It's truly, truly awful, really, really awful what's happening. And it's particularly awful in terms of what is affecting the other people, particularly in our profession." READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch He added: "The thing that's really distressed me is what's happening in Russia to my fellow actors and actresses and performers, and critics."They are told under pain of high treason that they cannot say a word about Ukraine. And I think that is pretty awful."I think we should all stand together and also for those people in Russia who do not like what's going on, particularly the artists."The actor continued: "I think we should really join in celebrating them and hoping that they can actually make a shift. Because I believe they can." Cox also shared how Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was an actor and comic before serving as the nation's leader. "The president of Ukraine was a comic, you know, he was a wonderful comic performer,' the Succession star explained. "And we should respect that for him, and to come to the presidency is amazing." Michael Keaton also spoke about the president's acting experience when accepting his award for best male actor in a miniseries. DON'T MISS...Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [LATEST]Ted Lasso stars win Best Comedy Cast at SAG Awards 2022 [RESULTS]Helen Mirren picks up prestigious top prize at SAG Awards 2022 [UPDATE]   "We have a fellow actor in Zelensky, who deserves some credit tonight for fighting the fight," the 70-year-old said. Singer and House of Gucci star Lady Gaga also paid tribute to Ukraine during the ceremony. The 35-year-old said: "This is a beautiful night where we all get to celebrate art together and celebrate each other. "There's so much going on in the world and my heart goes out to Ukraine. I think tonight we should all really sit in the gratitude of this." Russia announced its feared "full-scale invasion" of Ukraine after Vladimir Putin announced a "special military operation" to his citizens on Thursday. Since then Ukraine has said hundreds of people have been killed in the invasion with fighting across the country. It's been widely reported Russian forces have been advancing on the nation's capital Kyiv. Multiple cities have been shelled, with Ukraine’s health ministry declaring on Sunday that at least 352 civilians have died.