Ralf Rangnick may be the current Manchester United manager, but the German is only in charge until the end of the season when a long-term appointment is expeceted to be made. There are no confirmed reports of who the next boss may be, but Rangnick has dropped a hint. Manchester United are yet to appoint a long-term manager with Ralf Rangnick only leading the side until the end of the season, but the German may have dropped a major hint. United may have only played on Wednesday, but Rangnick was in attendance to watch the Under-18's take on Leicester in the FA Youth Cup quarter-final. 17-year-old Alejandro Garnacho was the hero as he netted both of United's goals as they beat Leicester 2-1 to progress to the semi-final, but Rangnick wasn't alone as he watched his youngsters progress. And that's because he was joined by his trusty advisor who has also been linked with a move to United.  THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after the Norwegian legend was relived of his duties, but only on an interim basis as United look to make the right appointment in the summer. There has been a lot of speculation over who will take the United job, with most top managers in world football already employed, although Mauricio Pochettino and Erik Ten Hag continue to be linked. But reports that Pochettino could be the man for the job have now escalated after Rangnick was spotted in attendance with Paul Mitchell, who worked with the current PSG boss at both Southampton and Tottenham. Mitchell is now the current Monaco sporting director, although he himself has been linked with a directors role at United to work under John Murtough.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  The director worked with Rangnick at RB Leipzig, but he was also a big influence at Southampton and Tottenham as Pochettino's advisor. Rangnick is expected to take on a more senior role in the United board at the end of the season, and he could very well be joined by Mitchell should he wish to leave Monaco. But the pair were seen engaging in constant conversation throughout the course of the game, and fans are speculating that they may have been discussing Pochettino. Despite leading Tottenham to a Champions League final, and going close in the Premier League on two occasions, Pochettino was sacked by Spurs in 2019.  Tottenham have struggled since his departure, as Jose Mourinho and Nuno Espirito Santo have failed, and Antonio Conte is already looking frustrated after just four months in charge. Pochettino moved on to PSG, and went from managing the likes of Dele Alli and Harry Kane, to instead sharing the training pitch with Neymar, Lionel Messi, and Kylian Mbappe. With so many ego's, there have been question marks over whether Pochettino is the right man for the PSG job, and he could be shown the door if he fails to win the Champions League. But his track record is proven in the Premier League, and his ability to vastly improve both Southampton and Tottenham is something that may attract United.  Pochettino and the club have remained tight-lipped on any potential movement, but this latest hint is the closest we've come to any sort of link thus far. It's unlikely that Rangnick will take the job himself as he has also been reportedly having a tough time in the dressing room, and he wasn't given any funds to spend in January. 