The royal schoolgirl's parents, Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel, lovingly call her "Pricken", which translates to "icing on the cake". Princess Estelle is the eldest child of Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel, as well as the eldest grandchild of King Carl XVI Gustaf, making her second in line for the Swedish throne after her mother. She has a younger brother, Prince Oscar, who both live with their parents in the Swedish capital. She also has three royal godparents - Prince Carl Philip of Sweden, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, and Crown Prince Haakon of Norway. The Swedish princess is the first female in the country's history to be born with a right to inherit the crown without being superseded by the birth of a male heir.  To mark the milestone birthday, the young royal posed for a photo taken at the Royal Palace in Stockholm and was shared by the royal family on Estelle's Instagram page. The caption read: "Happy Birthday, Princess Estelle!! "This sweet, kind, funny, caring and beautiful young girl turns 10 years old today! "I hope, she's having an awesome birthday party today and that all of her wishes will come true." READ MORE: ‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed Estelle, also known as the Duchess of Östergötland, has charmed the nation since she was welcomed into the royal family a decade ago. At just two years old, the young princess carried out her first royal engagement when she inaugurated a walking trail. She was hailed as a "born queen with 'star' potential". Since 2018, the youngster has attended an elite public school called Campus Manilla in Stockholm - not far from the family's Haga Castle home. DON'T MISS: Kate compared to Diana - 'Just gets on with it' [ANALYSIS]Kate confesses to have sparked 'jealousy' of George, Charlotte & Louis [INSIGHT]Dancing queen Arlene gets royal recognition [VIDEO] Even at her young age, Princess Estelle is preparing for her future role as monarch by attending a number of royal occasions over recent years. In 2020, she joined her mother, Princess Victoria, and grandfather King Carl Gustaf at the inauguration of the Golden Bridge in Stockholm. The future monarch celebrated her birthday in the "normal" way, surrounded by friends and family, eating cake and having fun. Happy tenth birthday Princess Estelle. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 