Manchester United's recent plight can be summed up by the presence of veteran strike pair Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani, Paul Scholes has controversially claimed. Red Devils fans have grown frustrated by the lack of success in recent years - and Scholes has pointed at Ronaldo and Cavani for epitomising the lack of direction at the club. Ronaldo re-joined the club in the summer 12 years after completing a then-world record £90million transfer to Real Madrid. The Portugal captain has scored 15 goals since his return but only three of those have come under interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Cavani arrived on a free transfer in the summer of 2020 as United desperately sought added firepower. But Ronaldo's signing has pushed the Uruguayan further down the pecking order. The 34-year-old has started just seven times across all competitions. JUST IN: Barcelona's plot to steal target from Man Utd and Liverpool detailed  Ronaldo has joined to help United win a trophy for the first time since 2017. The Old Trafford outfit have not lifted the Premier League title since Sir Alex Ferguson's departure in 2013. There have been only three major honours since the exit of the legendary former boss. And Scholes believes signing Ronaldo and Cavani epitomises the lack of direction at the 20-times English champions. “When you bring a manager, he might get this group of players playing really well and all of a sudden it does come a lot easier,” Scholes told BT Sport ahead of United's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “But, I still think there’s recruitment - you think of the two centre-forwards, Cavani and Cristiano, 37 and 34. That’s not Man United centre-forwards is it? Really?” Scholes also weighed in on Bruno Fernandes’ best position. Ronaldo’s Portugal team-mate has predominantly been used as a No. 10 since his January 2020 arrival. However, Rangnick has at times played the 27-year-old in a more box-to-box No. 8 role. DON'T MISS...Lukaku to make big career decision after Tuchel's Havertz tacticJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Barcelona's plot to steal target from Man Utd and Liverpool detailed   Scholes believes Fernandes can only play in the latter position against weaker teams. "I think he can do it in certain games, don’t get me wrong but it’s only certain games. At Burnley away, yes,” the ex-England man continued. “Tonight, possibly because United will have a lot of possession. He can play that position without a problem but when you comes up against the best teams, when they don’t have as much possession, they won’t have the ball as much, he will get found out. “I think he’s much better in the number ten position, floating round, getting on the ball and creating chances as he does."    