Vladimir Putin on Monday signed a decree recognising the independence of the Ukrainian regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, further fuelling fears he is planning to invade his neighbour. Sir Andrew Wood, Britain's former ambassador to Russia, claimed the President's own advisers are "trembling with fears" over his plans for Ukraine. And he branded claims of genocide  against the population of Donbass as "somewhat deluded". Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Sir Andrew said: "I'm not surprised and we certainly should be concerned. "It was very illustrative watching President Putin talk with his so-called colleagues and watch them tremble before him. "He was also revealing the extent to which he is somewhat deluded. "He spoke about genocide and so on and so forth, all which is absolutely not true but perhaps he is persuaded in his mind something like that is true." JUST IN: Russia-Ukraine: Putin orders troops into usurped regions as horror invasion CONFIRMED He continued: "In any case, I don't think this is only an introduction to a situation in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, I think it's more than that. "I think the intention is to essentially break up the Ukrainian state. "What he wants is to control whatever Ukraine decides in the international arena and to reverse its move towards a more democratic and what we would think as a normal country." Up until last week, Russia maintained it had no plan to invade Ukraine but that troops massed on the border were the result of fears its neighbour would seek to join NATO. READ MORE: UK to take swift vengeance on Putin — Boris orders ‘immediate’ payback after rebels split Following the decree on Monday however, Russian troops were reported to have entered Luhansk and Donetsk to provide support to pro-Kremlin rebels. In a 0630 meeting of the Cobra committee, Boris Johnson was briefed on the latest intelligence after President Putin ordered his troops to carry out "peacekeeping" duties in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said: "We are waking up to a very dark day in Europe and it's clear from what we have already seen and found out today that the Russians, President Putin, has decided to attack the sovereignty of Ukraine and its territorial integrity." "We have seen that he has recognised these breakaway eastern regions in Ukraine and from the reports we can already tell that he has sent in tanks and troops. DON'T MISS:EU commissioner seeks compensation after being forced to resign by VdL [REVEALED]Britain to deploy tanks and troops to Estonia as Russia crisis deepens [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as China tells Moscow to drop Ukraine war plans [SPOTLIGHT]  "From that, you can conclude that the invasion of Ukraine has begun." The Cobra meeting follows an emergency session of the UN Security Council where Britain's ambassador Dame Barbara Woodward said Russia has "brought us to the brink", warning that the country's actions "will have severe and far-reaching consequences". Dame Barbara warned an invasion would unleash "the forces of war, death, and destruction" on the people of Ukraine. She said: "The humanitarian impact will be terrible on civilians fleeing the fighting. We know that women and children will suffer most." She also insisted the Security Council must be united in calling on Russia to "de-escalate immediately", and "condemning aggression against a sovereign nation and defending the territorial integrity of Ukraine".