Mercedes have made some tweaks to Lewis Hamilton’s car following Gerge Russell’s testing runs. 2022 F1 testing began on Wednesday and Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc led the way and was three tenths quicker than McLaren's Lando Norris. Hamilton’s new Mercedes teammate George Russell finished third while defending champion Max Verstappen finished 2.1 seconds behind Leclerc. During the session, a picture was uploaded to a Mercedes fan account on Twitter, studying the side air intakes on the 37-year-old’s car before the afternoon session. This is to help cool the engine and the photo included a red circle, indicating exactly where the intakes were placed on the car. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton speaks out on F1 kneeling ban after Lando Norris issues strong response Underneath the photo was another snap of George Russell’s car, which did not feature any side intakes when he drove the car in the morning session. The Silver Arrows will be striving for a ninth consecutive Constructors' Championship and Hamilton has full faith his team will be firing on all cylinders once again despite the number of new regulations coming into operation. "Every year is exciting but this one is completely brand new," the Briton said. "I have seen designs of our car obviously but this is the first time you get to see the other teams out there on track. DON'T MISS  "You want to see a close eye and see why others have taken a different route. You have no idea where you stand so it is definitely exciting." Hamilton, who is no stranger to speaking his mind and using his platform to create change, spoke on F1’s decision to stop taking on the grid before races. Ahead of the first day of pre-season testing, he insisted that more can still be done to tackle important issues within the sport. "It’s about traction now, so that’s something that I look forward to seeing over a period of time," said Hamilton. "I had a great call last year with all the teams about getting included in this charter, so that every team is trying to push for diversity. "I guess just really rather than just talking about these things and making these gestures, actually [it’s about] really pushing. "I don't know whether we need that one moment. We should be able to do it at any stage really. "But I did feel that the overall slogan last year with all the different things compiled into one, I think we can do more and be more impactful somehow." 