During his new show, Billy Connolly Does... he opened up about his love for nature, wildlife and the world that we live on. However, he expressed that he hoped "we haven't blown it" when it comes to saving the planet from global warming. He admitted that humans need to treat the planet with respect before worrying that it may be too far gone and will "bite us in the a**e". Billy gives viewers unprecedented access to his life with a series full of jokes and shaggy dog tales, mixing his unique wisdom with classic stand up. Each episode covers a particular topic, whether that's work, sex, travel, childhood and parents or love and marriage and showcases classic and hidden treasures of Billy's stand-up routines. The series is shown around his home in Florida and provides viewers with an intimate guide on Billy's relationship with everything important to him in his life, offering new insight. In a recent episode, Billy opened up about his love for nature began when he was a child and passionately spoke about the wonders of the world. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? He revealed: "Oh yeah, I love nature. I’ve loved it since I was a boy since I was in the Cubs. I love it. The first time I saw a stickleback or a rabbit, it just changed my life. "When I was a kid, we used to go camping at Aberfoyle, [and] we would go up at night time and just with a sleeping bag and move the cows out of the road. "Where the cow had been lying down, we would lie down. That was your electric blanket, we would lie and just look at the sky at night. "A wonderful thing happens, there’s a kind of star, people point it out to you, that you can only see on the periphery of your eye. "If you look over there, you can see it here, but when you look, it’s not there, it’s as if it’s hiding behind a star. I used to love stuff like that," Billy explained. Whilst discussing his love for nature, Billy also touched on his fears for the planet and admitted: "I believe that the animals are our brothers and sisters, and I don’t believe all this nonsense about soul separating us. "I don’t believe in that kind of thinking, we share the world with everybody, and everybody has a function, and when the function goes, we’re in trouble. "The world is an amazing place. There’s an immensity about the world. You’re not supposed to understand it. You’re supposed to be wowed by it. And I’ve been seriously wowed by it." DON'T MISS...Billy Connolly makes startling discovery about Florida home [INSIGHT]Billy Connolly forced to leave New York due to 'balance' problem [LATEST]Billy Connolly diagnosed with disorder after horrific nightmares [WATCH] Billy added that it has changed his outlook on life and said: "It’s given me the belief that the world is bigger than me. "You have to treat it with deep respect. It will bite you in the a**e, and it’s proceeding to do that right now. "The forests are all on fire, and this virus careering through the planet. I hope we haven’t blown it." The legendary comedian and actor was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2013, and five years later, he decided to stop touring. He recently admitted he had to leave New York as he felt his Parkinson's led him to suffer from issues with his balance. Billy revealed: "I lived in New York, and I loved it, in Manhattan, but in winter it becomes an ice rink, and I like to walk everywhere. "I just couldn’t balance it anymore. I had to get out of there.” Billy Connolly Does... is available to watch on Comedy Gold.