Breakfast TV stars have notoriously early starts, but it's something Sally Nugent, 50, has become a pro at. The BBC Breakfast presenter recently replaced Louise Minchin, 53, on the red sofa alongside Dan Walker, 44, and she knows how to carefully and quietly leave the house at 4am. In a new interview with The Sunday Times, Sally opened up on her morning routine, where she manages to leave the house every morning without stirring her husband and 14-year-old son. "My alarm goes off at 3.45am. I don't have a loud, scary one that gives you a coronary," she giggled. "I use a light box that gently wakes me. I have a back-up phone alarm set every five minutes from 3.50am. Touch wood, I've never had to use it. "Before I do anything I check the overnight briefing notes on my phone to see which guests have been confirmed, what news we've slept through and the latest political line. READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation "I have a quick shower, put on the clothes I laid out the night before and put the kettle on." She then revealed she does a bit of very early morning yoga, something that some may seem impossible to fathom at such an ungodly hour. "While [the kettle's] boiling, I roll out my yoga mat and do five minutes of stretching," Sally continued. "Sadie, my cavapoo, will sit and watch me." She added: "I don't wake my husband or son. I'm a tiptoer. I have years of experience. "At 4.15am I put my pre-made oats in my bag and drive to work with wet hair. "I get to the studio about 4.50am and I'm straight into make-up, where they are waiting for me with a hairdryer. By 5am I am in the 20-minute editorial meeting. "It's myself, Dan and a team of editors. After more hair and make-up we are on the sofa with a coffee, ready for a run-through before going live at six." DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] Busy, busy, busy, and it doesn't stop there. It's then a three hour live show, with Sally eventually leaving the studio at around 10:30am. But she admitted she's a little different as opposed to her co-host Dan when it comes to how she spends the rest of the day. Instead, Sally's implemented former BBC presenter Bill Turnbull's "wisdom". "The show finishes at 9.13am. Not a minute later. We then debrief," she said. "I leave the studio around 10.30am. Unlike Dan, who stays up, I go home, take off all my make-up and go back to bed. "It's an old bit of [former BBC Breakfast presenter] Bill Turnbull wisdom. It's never more than an hour. "Then I get up and start my day again. You have to be really careful on breakfast shows that you don't do the double breakfast. It's notorious."