ATP rankings are the official world rankings for male tennis players, and are used for determining qualification for the sport's most prestigious tournaments. Novak Djokovic has now lost his world No 1 title for the first time in almost seven years, while Rafael Nadal has made further progress this week. The rankings are updated every Monday, with points added for match or tournament wins. For example, simply qualifying for a Grand Slam competition is worth 25 points. Each round the player progresses equates to more points, all the way up to 2,000 points for a Grand Slam tournament win. After the Mexican Open came to a climax last weekend, the ATP rankings appear very different from the previous week. READ MORE: Nadal told how to win French Open after 'greatest achievement' Daniil Medvedev jumped ahead of Djokovic in the latest ATP rankings. The Serb had been top of the tree for the past 361 weeks - a record for men's tennis. But, Medvedev reached the semi-finals of last week's Mexican open, meaning the Russian has leapfrogged Djokovic in the latest rankings. He becomes the first player from outside the 'Big Four' of Djokovic, Nadal, Roger Feder and Andy Murray to hold the No 1 spot for 18 years. DON'T MISSMedvedev makes fresh Ukraine plea as Russian star rises to world No 1 [LATEST]Daniil Medvedev world No 1 in doubt as ITF called to take 'action' [NEWS]Djokovic given US Open hope amid Indian Wells ban over vaccine status [ANALYSIS] "Of course I am happy to reach No. 1," Medvedev said after reaching Saturday's semi-final. "It was my goal since I was young and especially my goal in the latest times. "I got a lot of messages from many people and from other tennis players and I just want to thank everybody for the big support." Medvedev has won 13 tour-level tiles throughout his career, as well as the prestigious ATP Finals trophy in 2020. Elsewhere, Nadal continued his excellent 2022 season by winning the Acapulco final in Mexico on Sunday. He beat Cameron Norrie 6-4, 6-4, taking his overall calendar year record to 15-0. Nadal is now up to fourth in the ATP rankings, despite starting the year in sixth. It's his highest place in the rankings since August last year, when he held fourth place for two weeks.