Bargain Hunt star Mark Stacey sensationally blasted the British Prime Minister Boris Johnson over his handling of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. He also took to Twitter to argue that Brexit is to blame amid the escalating conflict. All eyes have been on Ukraine today, as Russian troops descend on the country, determined to claim the territory as their own. However, Mark was left unsatisfied with Johnson's public statement on the matter. "I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps," he warned. "President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "The UK and our allies will respond decisively." A disgusted Mark hit back: "But not appalled enough to read & release the Russia report? "Millions pumped into Brexit by Putin to destabilise the UK & Europe." Some followers quickly hit the like button on Mark's theory.  That wasn't the only conspiracy theory Mark was discussing, as he fired off multiple tweets and retweets this morning in the aftermath of Putin's dramatic declaration of war. Diving into the political world, he retweeted a message by @Mikegalsworthy tackling a video that had unearthed more government scepticism. "James Cleverly is horrendously dishonest," it claimed. "He says Russians giving money to Conservatives are those that fled Putin & didn’t want to see a Corbyn government. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]    "Whereas in reality we all know that it’s the wife of a Kremlin official who’s given £1-2m." Mark hit back: "Only full transparency on donations and no foreign donations are acceptable. "This minister can not state truthfully where the Russian millions flooding into the Tory coffers comes from." He also retweeted another message which had made use of the hashtag "#PutinsPuppets". Mark also retweeted a post from Dragon's Den star Deborah Meaden who used the broken hearted emoji to convey her feelings about Ukraine's suffering. "I can’t imagine what it would feel like to have my homeland invaded…and hope I never know.. but Ukraine," Deborah lamented. "We have failed to prevent this but the consequences to us ( energy prices, refugees, defence costs etc) fade into nothing in comparison…" Meanwhile Mark had made his feelings about the prospect of British foul play all too clear. "Hard to believe anything the liar in chief and his puppets say while they block the Russia report," he wrote. "What are they hiding?"