Rio Ferdinand has claimed that Jadon Sancho's recent resurgence for Manchester United has been aided by the absence of Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial. Sancho has endured a difficult maiden season at Old Trafford after he finally arrived in a £72.9million deal back in the summer. But the 21-year-old has struggled for form and consistency since making the jump from the Bundesliga to the Premier League. Sancho has only mustered four goals and two assists during his 28 appearances for United this term - but there have been hints that he's finally adapting to life in England over the past few weeks. The ex-Borussia Dortmund man has stepped up for Manchester United recently and is finally beginning to look like the player who tormented sides in Germany. Sancho has racked up two goals and two assists during his last four games in all competitions for United to become one of the first names on Ralf Rangnick's teamsheet. JUST IN: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reveals first words to Ousmane Dembele after Barcelona move And Ferdinand believes that the absence of Greenwood and Martial has helped Sancho finally find his feet. “For someone like Sancho, who has been searching for a bit of form and consistency, the fact that Mason Greenwood is no longer available and Martial is no longer available,” Ferdinand speculated on the Vibe With Five Podcast when discussing what has helped to drive Sancho's recent upturn in form. “There is not that big threat that I’m probably not going to play next week or he’s got a chance to play somebody else. “He might have been told behind the scenes, I would argue he probably has been told, you’re going to play now, you’re going to start every game. DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye dealChelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star manChelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display “Go make it your own shirt, that confidence lift and shift from looking over his shoulder to no I’m here to play is a big difference. I think that is now why we’re seeing what we’re seeing from Sancho right now.” Sancho enjoyed one of his finest games in a United shirt during Sunday's 4-2 win over Leeds, with the tricky attacker laying on two assists during the six-goal thriller at Elland Road. And his performance was lauded by former Real Madrid defender Jonathan Woodgate - who even quipped that Sancho would be the perfect player for Manchester United's bitter rivals, Liverpool. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ "He was exceptional," Woodgate told Match of the Day 2. "You need a bit of time to settle in and you need a manager to really, really believe in you and what you can do. "He's started to play a lot of games now for United and he's showing how good he is. Coming back from Germany, you need that time and at Man United at the moment, it's not been great has it? "I tell you what he'd be an unbelievable player for Liverpool him. He'd be unbelievable and he'd fit into their system no problem."