If confirmed, it would be the first test since the nuclear-armed country conducted a record number of launches in January. South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) reported that North Korea fired a suspected ballistic missile toward the sea off its east coast from a location near Sunan, where Pyongyang's international airport is located. The airport has been the site of previous missile tests, including two short-range ballistic missiles fired on January 16. JCS said Sunday's missile flew to a maximum altitude of about 390 miles (620km) to a range of 190 miles (300km). Analysts said the flight data did not closely match earlier tests and suggested it could be a medium-range ballistic missile fired on a "lofted" trajectory. Japan's Defense Minister Nobuo Kishi said in a televised statement: "There have been frequent launches since the start of the year, and North Korea is continuing to rapidly develop ballistic missile technology." He added Pyongyang was threatening the security of Japan, the region and the international community.    Washington condemned the latest launch and called on North Korea to cease destabilising acts. The US military's Indo-Pacific Command sought to calm fears, saying the test did not pose an immediate threat. North Korea's last test was on January 30, when it fired a Hwasong-12 intermediate range ballistic missile. The largest weapon test-fired since 2017, the Hwasong-12 was reported to have flown to an altitude of about 1,200 miles (2,000km) and range of 500 miles (800km). That launch capped a record month of mostly short-range missile firings in January.  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S CYBER ARMY TRACKING BRITAIN FOR YEARS  Sunday's launch came less than two weeks ahead of South Korea's presidential election on March 9, amid fears by some in Seoul and Tokyo that Pyongyang may push ahead with missile development while international attention is focused on Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mr Kishi said: "This launch comes as the international community is responding to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and if North Korea is making use of that situation, it is something we cannot tolerate." South Korea's National Security Council convened an emergency meeting to discuss the launch which it called "regrettable", according to a statement from the presidential Blue House. The statement said: "Launching a ballistic missile at a time when the world is making efforts to resolve the Ukraine war is never desirable for peace and stability in the world, the region, and on the Korean Peninsula."  DON'T MISS: Boris and Liz Truss issue fierce double warning to Russia [LATEST]Putin’s cyber army are taking aim at British computers [REVEALED] Pensioners deserting Tories as Government 'not protecting' them [REPORT]  South Korea's leading conservative candidate, Yoon Suk-Yeol, warned last week that North Korea could see the Ukraine crisis as an opportunity for launching its own provocation. However, candidates and analysts have noted that even before the invasion, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was overseeing an increase in missile tests as talks with the United States and its allies remain stalled.  John Delury, a professor at South Korea's Yonsei University, said on Twitter: "Putin's war shapes almost all geopolitics right now, and should factor somewhere in Kim's calculus but even 'taking advantage of distraction' seems to presume too much, since [North Korea] was already testing aggressively before the war." Liu Xiaoming, China's representative on the Korean Peninsula, said on Sunday he spoke by phone with his US counterpart, Sung Kim, and urged the United States to address North Korea's legitimate and reasonable concerns with greater attention so as to create the conditions to restart talks. He said on Twitter: "I pointed out that, under current situation, relevant parties should be cautious in words and actions, avoid stimulating each other, so as to prevent escalation of tension on the Korean Peninsula." Pyongyang has suggested it could resume testing its longer-range missiles or even nuclear weapons, complaining of unrelenting "hostile policies" from the United States. Washington says it is open to talks with North Korea without preconditions, but Pyongyang has so far rejected those overtures as insincere.  Leif-Eric Easley, a professor at Ewha University in Seoul, said the Kim regime's strength and legitimacy have become tied to testing ever-better missiles. He added: "North Korea is not going to do anyone the favour of staying quiet while the world deals with Russia's aggression against Ukraine." North Korea's ballistic missile launches are banned by United Nations Security Council resolutions. Sanctions have been imposed on the country over its missile and nuclear weapons programmes. In its first comments since Russia's invasion of Ukraine on Thursday, North Korea's foreign ministry on Saturday posted a statement by a researcher calling the US the "root cause" of the European crisis for pursuing unilateral sanctions and pressure while disregarding Russia's legitimate demands for its security.  