Notoriously opinionated broadcaster Piers Morgan found himself up against opposition over comments that President Biden had smirked while commenting to journalists about the invasion of Ukraine. A furious Piers then returned to Twitter to claim, in view of his 7.9 million followers, that they would not have forgiven Donald Trump for doing the same thing. In his original tweet yesterday, an incredulous Piers had written: "Biden just laughed several times during his Ukraine press conference. "What the f**k is he finding so funny? "Does he not realise the gravity of this situation? Does he not care that so many innocent people are being murdered? "What a horribly inappropriate and shameful moment." READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Entertainment site @PopWrapped, which has over half a million followers, appeared nonchalant when it fired back: "That’s really out-of-context, but you knew that already. "Maybe he should come out in tears instead, or lit off his a** on decongestant? What exactly do you want here?" Arguing that he expected an entirely different demeanour, Piers hit back: "I want a lack of smirking which shouldn’t be too much to ask when a US President is talking about war. "And you lot would be the first to hammer Trump if he’d done it, so stop being so hypocritical." Piers has had a complex and publicly documented friendship with Trump in the past, although he has always made it clear that they disagree on some matters. Plus he wrote in his book Wake Up! that much of Trump's behaviour towards the end of his time in office was "indefensible". Yet his tweet was now inferring that he believed Biden would be given more positive treatment than Trump, had they both done the same thing. The allegation caused a social media storm, with numerous followers chipping in. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  @Blinktwiceola voiced their agreement, stating: "Initially I felt Piers was harsh, then I remembered how the media treated Trump, if this was happening under Trump and he smirked in a press conference, it would be on replay on CNN for weeks." @adder74 added: "They [Russia] wouldn’t be even invading if Trump was still in office." @JennySunshine18 chimed in: "Quite agree, kept saying to myself: 'Why’s he grinning, Ukraine is being invaded and he’s standing there f***ing grinning'... completely inappropriate. This isn’t a Hollywood film, this is real life, you muppet." However, some disagreed, pointing out that his bizarre response could have been nerves, or claiming that the smirking might have been directed at the chaotic atmosphere in the press conference, with multiple journalists all trying to speak at once. @flatout0204 also challenged: "Have you never smiled at a funeral? Things can happen in the worst of circumstances that are humorous in the moment." Then @HaradineRichard quizzed Piers: "But aren't you the voice of freedom of speech and expression? Why does this rattle your cage so much?" This isn't the first time Piers has challenged a politician for laughing, smirking or grinning during inappropriate moments, having placed Matt Hancock on his name-and-shame list last year. Meanwhile, he also called out Boris Johnson for similar behaviour during a press conference concerning coronavirus. "He’s laughing???! He finds this FUNNY??" Piers asked incredulously. "People couldn’t be with their dying loved ones on HIS orders, while massive illegal parties were going on at Downing Street and he’s sniggering like a naughty schoolboy when asked about it? Absolutely contemptible."