UEFA announced their decision to remove Saint Petersburg's Gazprom Arena as the venue for this season's UEFA Champions League final on Thursday after Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. UEFA made the call to no longer hold the May 28 showpiece in Russia as war broke out on Thursday morning and called for an emergency meeting. Express Sport takes a look at five venues that could now host the final instead. Wembley Wembley is the largest national stadium on the continent, behind only Barcelona's Nou Camp in terms of capacity. The 90,000-seater stadium hosted the 2011 and 2013 versions of the final, although it has not seen one since. Having been a key part of Euro 2020, UEFA chiefs could see Wembley as a safe option given they have just three months to sort a replacement. And given the form of English teams in the competition, there may well be an all-English final under the famous arch. JUST IN: Liverpool star Harvey Elliott's reaction to 6-0 win vs Leeds after being left out of squad  Stade de France France's national stadium last hosted a final in 2006, when Barcelona beat Arsenal 2-1 in late circumstances. With a capacity of 80,000, the UEFA four-star rated stadium is more than capable of hosting its third Champions League final. And with Paris Saint-Germain also heavy favourites for the final, there could be a homeland favourite ready to swoop in and win their first continental tournament on home soil. San Siro The San Siro in Milan is one of football's most illustrious grounds.  Having hosted four finals already in the competition's 66-year history, the Lombardian relic is more than capable of producing more magic on the world stage. The last final to be held there was the 2016 final, where Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico on penalties. And with the stadium set to be demolished after the 2026 Winter Olympics, it could do with one final farewell on the elite footballing stage. Johan Cruyff Arena Ajax's Champions League adventures in the past means that the Johan Cruyff Arena has seen some magical nights under the lights in the Champions League. Tottenham produced arguably the most famous result in their recent history on the banks of the Markermeer Lake, with their 3-2 win against the Dutch outfit taking them to the 2019 final and ultimately adding to the history of the ground in Europe's most prestigious competition. But despite this, the ground has seen just one final in 1998 where Real Madrid beat Juventus 1-0.  It could, however, be in the running to be named as the venue for the upcoming season finale after being a key venue at Euro 2020. Estadio La Cartuja de Sevilla Seville's Olympic Stadium was the venue of the 2003 UEFA Cup final where Porto beat Celtic 3-2. It has yet to see a final in the Champions League due to other stadiums in the country such as the Bernabeu and the Wanda Metropolitano. But having hosted Spain's fixtures in Euro 2020, it could be a surprise addition to the tournament's climax. 