Meghan and Prince Harry sat down for a bombshell two-hour-long interview with Ms Winfrey in early 2021. During the special, aired in nearly 70 countries over the past months, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex opened up on their struggles as members of the Royal Family. To speak to Ms Winfrey, Meghan chose to wear a long, black triple silk georgette dress with lotus flower embroidery and a matching belt. The classy gown was part of Giorgio Armani’s Spring/Summer 2022 Cruise Collection. Almost one year after the interview, which sent shockwaves across the world, was aired, the Fashion Museum Bath selected this gown as its Dress of the Year 2021. The choice was made by Dazed magazine’s Ibrahim Kamara and Gareth Wrighton, the fashion experts selected this year by the museum to pick an outfit which "encapsulates the prevailing mood of fashion, represents the past year, and captures the imagination", as stated in a press release shared by the organisation. Speaking about their choice, the experts said: "In today’s hyper-stylised pop culture, the Dress of the Year now has the potential to also be ‘meme of the year’ and we both latched upon Meghan and Harry’s now iconic interview with Oprah as the definitive anti-establishment moment that will forever endure in the British collective consciousness." After saying the wrap dress was "worn to showcase a divine pregnancy", they added: "This look now, through sheer association with a viral television moment, is firmly ingrained in our pop culture psyche." The Armani gown went on display at the Bath museum on Tuesday. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could 'reinvent himself' in Megxit-style move to America The Fashion Museum manager, Rosemary Harden, said of the latest addition to its collection: "This is a fabulous addition to the Fashion Museum collection. "There are moments in history that are all about the dress and Meghan’s interview with Oprah was just such an occasion. "The softly structured Armani dress with beautiful appliquéd lotus flower motif was part of a carefully curated look, guaranteed to send messages, and to imprint itself in our consciousness time and time again. "Thank you to Ibrahim and Gareth for this landmark selection for the Dress of the Year Collection, and to Armani for most generously gifting the dress to the Museum".  The presence of stylized lotus on the gown was analysed by fashion experts and royal watchers in the aftermath of the interview, given the flower is normally associated with rebirth and the ability to thrive after challenges. Fans of the Sussexes rejoiced following news the Fashion Museum Bath has acknowledged the poignancy and impact Meghan's dress had in 2021. One, @Mimizwei, wrote on Twitter: "The meaning of the lotus flower is powerful. An iconic dress worn by an icon." @beanie1037 wrote: "I love this dress. Another fashion hit from Meghan". A third Twitter user, @jcagbobu, tweeted: "She is a winner always". @Sonia06204877 also said: "She is a class act, so not surprised! Love her!!" And @Chydec highly praised Meghan, saying: "Meghan Markle, Duchess of influence". Among other key issues the Duke and Duchess discussed with Ms Winfrey last year, Meghan revealed to have had suicidal thoughts while pregnant with her firstborn Archie Harrison. With her husband, she also raised allegations of neglect and racism against the Royal Family. Harry also discussed his relationship with his close relatives. While he stressed his bond with the Queen remained as strong as ever even after his relocation abroad, he said he and Prince William would always love each other but were "on different paths" and spoke of a trying relationship with his father Prince Charles. Almost two days after the airing of the interview in the US, the Queen issued a brief statement in which it was said the "whole family" was "saddened" to hear the challenges experienced by the Duke and Duchess over the previous years. The statement also acknowledged the issues raised "particularly that of race, are concerning", adding: "While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. "Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much-loved family members."