 Buddy had spent 515 days at RSPCA Brent Knoll Animal Centre in Somerset, outstaying all the other animals. The animal centre said Buddy’s previous owner had wanted him put down because of his “challenging behaviour” but a vet refused. The 10-year-old terrier was then brought into the RSPCA’s care where he has been receiving training to tackle his issues. After searching for a new home for a year and a half, the RSPCA launched a fresh appeal for Buddy earlier this month. Offers for a new start finally came flooding in from people as far afield as Canada and the United States. Buddy’s new owners are based in the UK. Andy Cook, a behaviour and welfare adviser for the RSPCA, told the BBC that Buddy had “settled in well into his new home”. Mr Cook said they wanted to take the rehoming princess slowly and gradually to ensure Buddy’s new owners were aware of his previous experiences and able to deal with his behaviour.  He said: “I took Buddy along to the home on Monday for a bit of support and stayed there for an hour just to see how it went and very quickly I could see that they were fine. Buddy has spent time working in the kennels working with behaviourists to try to manage his issues and identify triggers. The RSPCA has previously said that a breakdown in communication between Buddy and his previous owners led to confrontations and misunderstandings, resulting in a “less than ideal relationship”. They have described him as an “affectionate chap” who needed a “very special home with conscientious owners who have time and patience to help him live the happiest life possible”. The RSPCA said he needed a life “free from confrontation, other dogs and other identified stressors”, adding: “everyone deserves a second chance”. READ MORE: Dog heartbreak: Bad news for owners as study finds pooches feel grief   Buddy’s new owners got in touch with the RSPCA last month after hearing his appeal on the BBC. Mr Cook said there had been a lot of interest in Buddy since the appeal was launched last month. He said: "There was a lot of interest in his story and in rehoming him. "We had emails from as far away as Canada and the USA and donations to support the work that we do. "All the staff are always happy to see the animals rehomed. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia war LIVE: Europe funding Putin’s war! [LIVE]Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight' [BREAKING]Laura Kuenssberg warns of 'ominous assessment' [BREAKING]  "There was perhaps a bit more anxiety with Buddy's case as to how it all would go but they are all doing very well and - touch wood - it is a success." The RSPCA have said Buddy seems to be settling into his new home and has a bright future ahead of him. A message passed on from his new owners shared by the organisation said he was happily playing in his new garden and getting comfortable with his new family. It read: "Buddy is settling in very well, he hasn’t stopped all day playing ball and going around the field, but he is asleep on my lap now. "We too are very happy."