Martin Lewis acknowledged the rising cost of living may leave many people worried about their finances. However, the Government is stepping in to help with a £150 council tax rebate, designed to somewhat balance out rising energy prices. Appearing on his ITV Money Show, Martin explained how people can get the money off their bill, as well as who is eligible. He first explained the council tax rebate will kick in from April 2022, for homes in England. It is worth noting Scotland and Wales also have a similar system which will operate from this point. In England, it will be council tax bands A to D which will benefit from this level of support. READ MORE: State pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared This will come in the form of a one-off payment. Martin said: “Don’t confuse this £150 with the ‘loan not loan’ scheme. “It is not repayable, it is not taxable and it doesn’t affect your benefits. “If you get the single person council tax discount, then don’t worry as you still get the full £150.” DON'T MISSPension warning as forgotten savings could be ‘raided’ [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax warning: Britons to face higher tax ‘burden’ [ANALYSIS]Pension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' [EXCLUSIVE] However, the council tax rebate will only be paid automatically to those who have a Direct Debit set up for payment. If this is not the case, then Britons can expect to hear from the council in order to make a claim. Martin warned each council may have a “different system” so people should keep on top of this as much as possible. Certain individuals who do not fit into the aforementioned bands will not be eligible for the council tax rebate. But Martin pointed towards other support which will be administered amid the cost of living crisis. He continued: “If you’re not eligible and struggling to pay higher energy prices, from April there will be a discretionary £140million fund available for local councils in England. “It’ll pay up to £150 for those who are otherwise ineligible. “They’ve got the guidance, but councils will have to decide their own criteria on that.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Government has said the rebate will benefit approximately 80 percent of all homes in England. It added this scheme is £1billion more generous and more targeted towards lower-income families than a VAT cut on energy bills - which some previously called for. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak, said: “Right now, I know the number one issue on people’s minds is the rising cost of living. “That’s why the Government is stepping in with direct support that will help around 28million households with their rising energy costs over the next year. “We stood behind British people and businesses throughout the pandemic and it’s right we continue to do that as our economy recovers in the months ahead.”  The Martin Lewis Money Show continues next Thursday on ITV at 8.30pm.