Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the president of the family sporting goods shop reward Angel, an associate customer service assistant, for being so resilient and positive despite her personal situation. Angel is a single mother of three who was living in homeless shelter at the time. After working with Angel for just a day, Mr Modell was “blown away”. He appreciated the fact that she understood the importance of customer service and did all she could to help people on the shop floor. Undercover Boss USA shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. After revealing himself to her as CEO of the company, he wanted to help her and her family as she told him about their “really rough time”. He said: “Your talent level and the way you care about the company is amazing. You’re the kind of leaders we want. READ MORE: 'Great way’ to reduce income tax explained - are you able to save £15,084 in tax? She had been homeless for a long time and lived in a shelter with her three children for about two years. She said to the undercover boss: “It doesn’t matter though; I don’t want you to feel sad for me or anything. It was way worse than that. “We’ve slept at bus stops; we’ve been down to a point we didn’t have any money to eat. “But things get better. As long as you have that drive in there and as long as you push, things are going to get better. After their conversation, Mr Modell was moved. He said he'd never experienced a moment like that. Knowing that Angel goes back to a homeless shelter broke his heart, and he wanted to do much better for her and the other associates, he said. He continued: ”I think about the shelter you go home to and it kills me to see that you’re still there, so I have a cheque for you. “I want you to move out of there immediately. Tonight. “So, I have on me a cheque for $250,000 (around £185,000).” Overwhelmed with gratitude, Angel dropped to the floor. “Oh my gosh thank you,” she said. Undercover Boss USA is available to watch on ALL 4.