Space Force is back on Netflix and although this TV series is shorter, it is no less humorous. Steve Carell returns as Mark Naird, with Lisa Kudrow as his incarcerated wife, Maggie. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the story will continue for another season. The first season received a mixed reception with the review site Rotten Tomatoes displaying an approval rating of 38 per cent. The series has been praised for its star-studded cast but critics said the humour was hit and miss. Despite this, the series was renewed for a second season of seven episodes in November 2020. At this moment in time, it is too early to say whether the series has been renewed. Netflix will assess the viewership ratings before deciding whether to order another season. READ MORE: The Office: 5 shows to watch if you love The US Office If the comedy series is given the green light for another season, it is likely to come to light in late 2023 or early 2024. There was a two-year gap between the release of the debut season and the second instalment. Filming for the second season took just one month to complete and took place in Vancouver to lower costs. There may be plenty more of the story to tell but Netflix will have to wait and see whether it is what the viewers want. READ MORE: Space Force seson 2 backlash as fans fume at series length 'Too short' The second season has too received mixed reviews, with AOL commenting: "Even in the face of escalating farce, when Space Force drifts back into Doctor Strangelove territory, season two still feels like a polished product with purpose. "That it consistently builds on the ludicrous, whilst keeping those relationships front and centre is fundamental to why this continues to work so well. "On every conceivable level, Space Force had no right to be anything other than an expensive misfire. "A-list actors and big money streamers have collaborated before, with varying degrees of success. "With such a contentious topic, irrespective of the satirical edge, this should have only lasted one season." DON'T MISS...Space Force theories: Fans convinced Erin scene gives Maggie details [THEORY] Space Force theories: Fans expose reason why Naird’s wife is in prison [DISCUSSION] Space Force: Who is Space Force star Greg Daniels? [EXPLAINER] However, they did go on to say that Carrell and Greg Daniels have created something "solid". They said "there is no reason why a concluding season is out of the question". With this in mind, it seems the end of the second season sets the story up for one more instalment. If season three does come to light, there is a high chance it could be the show's last. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the new season and the show's future. Vee said: "I waited almost 2 years for 7 episodes that are 25-30 minutes long ??? #SpaceForce." Whereas @Tigu_El said: "Season 2 of #SpaceForce is f*****g amazing omg." Maddi added: "Holy s**t #spaceforce I’ve never been so happy to get on Netflix in a while." Space Force season 2 is on Netflix now.