Future retirees are set to be made to wait longer to get their state pension due to scheduled increases to the state pension age. The changes could impact many people’s retirement plans. The state pension age is the earliest point at which people in the UK can start receiving their state pension. This is set by the Government and goes under regular review. The threshold has a significant impact on when many people can retire, as often they rely on the state pension to be the foundation of their retirement. READ MORE: Storm Eunice: Britons hit by power outages may claim £700 if they meet specific criteria Currently, the state pension age is set at 66. This applies equally to both men and women, although this was not always the case. In the past, women were able to claim their state pension five years earlier than men. DON'T MISS PIP, Universal Credit and five other benefits are increasing - how much more will you get? [INSIGHT]Millions having their state pension reduced - are you one of them? [WARNING]Pension alert as your family could face ‘significant tax charge’ if you do not act [ALERT] The state pension age for men was previously 65, while for women it was 60. The Government then decided to equalise the state pension age, bringing the women’s threshold up to 65 in line with men. Both men and women then made the jump to 66. However, further increases to the state pension age are coming in the future. By 2028, the state pension age will rise to 67, according to the Government’s current plans. It will then rise once more to 68 by 2046. The state pension age is currently under review to determine whether or not any changes need to be made to the scheduled increases. This review must be completed by May 7, 2023. The full new state pension is worth £179.60 as of today, providing recipients with a yearly total of £9,339.20. However, the state pension increases every year by at least 2.5 percent under the terms of the triple lock policy. It can rise by a larger percentage if the rate of inflation or average earnings growth are higher. From April 2022, the full new state pension will increase by 3.1 percent, taking it to £185.15 per week.