President Zelensky, in a video seemingly posted from his phone, addressed Ukrainians as the invasion commenced early this morning, urging them to stay calm and at home. He vowed to "defeat anyone" as Ukrainian air defences shot down aircraft on the country's eastern flank. Mr Zelensky also urged locals to "stay calm" in the face of Russian aggression as thousands prepare to fight back. Following President Zelensky's announcement on Thursday, Ukraine's Parliament backed calls for martial law. Parliamentarians in the Verkhovna Rada voted to impose the measure, with 300 votes backing the President. Ukrainian authorities will now have their powers increased while locals hunker down. READ MORE: Wladimir Klitschko's poignant message as Russian troops close on Kiev Martial law delivers power to military organisations over civil functions. The policy seeks to control instances of national instability when civil enforcement cannot efficiently handle the situation. Ukraine defined its martial law via legislation in 2015, a year after the Ukrainian revolution. The law, named "On the Legal Regime of Martial Law", defined that the President may only impose the restrictions with backing from Parliament. Ukrainian premiers have used the law sparingly since then. Before today, the last time legislators imposed martial law was in 2018 when the Verkhovna Rada and then President Petro Poroshenko acted to protect people living on the coast and in Russian border districts. President Poroshenko employed the policy on November 26 as Russia fired upon and seized Ukrainian naval ships near the annexed Crimean peninsula. The measure expired automatically after 30 days. The latest order may last longer, but Ukrainians have defied it to fight for their country. Locals have cleared out gun shops in the country's capital, Kyiv, as they vow to defend national borders. One shop in the city selling AK-47s told BBC broadcaster Nick Robinson that "very many people" want to buy guns, and "many more" want cartridges. A woman who had entered the shop while her husband bought a gun said their purchase was not "the only weapon we've got". Ukraine has spent the last few weeks preparing its citizens for war, with a legion of reservists prepared to fight one the front lines. Russia claimed that "hundreds" of troops died in early clashes with the country, as Ukraine claimed a total of 50. Clashes have, so far, erupted around the country's outer border, with Luhansk, Sumy and Chernihiv in the east all under attack. Troops have also fought in the wet at Zhytomyr and Lviv near the Polish border.