There were some reports of drivers panic buying petrol in areas of the UK this weekend despite retailers and suppliers stating there are no issues with the amount of petrol available. It would seem motorists are filling their tanks in order to save money as the cost of petrol continues to rise to historic levels. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine immediately sent oil prices soaring last week as the country is the second largest producer of oil in the world. Prices per barrel of oil were already at $90 (£60) but since the invasion they have moved past $100 (£70). Given sanctions being imposed on Vladimir Putin that raised concerns that supplies could be affected. However, that has not so far been the case and there is no reason for drivers to start panic buying fuel. READ MORE: New car tax changes set to be announced in weeks Reports of forecourts in the UK being ‘jam-packed’ were exaggerated and one petrol station worker at a Shell garage said simply “It’s been a bit busy, six or seven cars affecting traffic between 9 and 11am”. He said that while prices were high, people would always complain about them. Although there were occasional tweets regarding panic buying of fuel, most drivers reported they had no issues buying petrol and forecourts were as normal. In fact one suggested given the countries involved, people should panic buy vodka rather than petrol. DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]Drivers ‘worried about’ new car tax proposals [INSIGHT]New car tax fees could charge drivers based on vehicle weight [ANALYSIS] Tesco said: “We're working hard to ensure regular deliveries to our petrol filling stations across the UK. “The situation is changing with deliveries arriving all the time.” A service station on the M62 at Brighouse saw prices for a litre of petrol hit £169.9p yesterday. Diesel at the same garage stood at £171.9p per litre. The Petrol Retailers’ Association, which represents independent retailers, said it would “continue to ensure the price of fuel was as competitive as possible”. That’s despite no evidence of any measures being taken to ease the burden on motorists and record profits announced by suppliers this year. BP has been urged to sell its 20 percent stake in Russian state-owned oil firm Rosneft and this month annual profits at Shell rose to £17billion as it benefited from the higher oil and gas prices. Chief executive Ben van Beurden said it had been a "momentous year" for the company as it handed investors a $8.5bn share buyback programme and 4 percent hike in dividends for the current quarter, as reported by Sky News. The Government said it will "do everything we can to mitigate that and to help the people of this country". But it added that it is "one of the reasons why the whole of western Europe must end its dependence on Russian oil and gas". It stated that: "We are in regular contact with the industry and making it clear that industry should not take advantage of increased demand to put up prices sooner than necessary.” In respect of supply, the Government said UK oil reserves are currently "significantly above" the 90 days required by the International Energy Agency.