Manchester United are prepared to offload up to 11 players this summer as part of a mass exodus, reports claim. While Ralf Rangnick and the current squad are working hard to ensure they make something of United's season, the majority of the team are also playing for their futures at the club. That's because, at the end of the season, United are set to focus their efforts on overhauling the squad under the supervision of a new manager. United are prepared to go to extra lengths - including multiple sales and big spending - to ensure the new coach can build a team that fits his vision. It is likely to require some patience but at the same time, United are now desperate for trophies and success after falling behind Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. The club have already settled for fourth place in February - a position the board would snap your hand off for - as they look to secure Champions League football for next season. READ MORE: Man Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two surprise Ralf Rangnick favourites Qualification for Europe's elite club competition would hand the Red Devils the best chance of landing top talent in the summer transfer window. United will certainly need to plug several gaps in their squad with four players on course to depart upon the expiry of their contracts: Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata. However, ESPN have made note of seven other stars who could also be heading for the exit door. The report claims Anthony Martial, Phil Jones, Eric Bailly, Dean Henderson, Nemanja Matic, Axel Tuanzebe and Donny van de Beek could all now be off. DON'T MISSMan United can swerve Mauricio Pochettino with strategic left-field appointmentMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesMan Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two surprise Ralf Rangnick favourites Martial, Tuanzebe and Van de Beek are currently enjoying loan spells away from the club. The chance to play regularly has been a breath of fresh air and the prospect of returning to United as bit-part players is understandably of little appeal. Meanwhile, Jones, Henderson, Matic and Bailly have spent the best part of the season on the bench despite promises of game time. United's swift exits from the domestic cup competitions have hampered their chances of minutes and the morale amongst the squad players is low. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford's long-term futures remain up in the air but both are expected to stay at Old Trafford. ESPN also claim the club's managerial shortlist has now been chiselled down to three candidates. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are the two obvious candidates, who are popular in the United boardroom. Luis Enrique also remains of interest but the former Barcelona boss is expected to remain in charge of Spain for the World Cup in Qatar. Diego Simeone, Simone Inzaghi, Julian Nagelsmann and Brendan Rodgers are not currently under consideration.