Revolver, The Beatles' seventh studio album, was released on August 5, 1966. The chart-topping record included such iconic songs as Eleanor Rigby and Yellow Submarine, but one of John Lennon's "favourite" tracks also came from the album, and it could not have existed without Marianne Faithfull. Faithfull hit fame in the 1960s after releasing her single As Tears Go By. The iconic star was ingrained in British culture at the time, having secured a leading role in the 1969 movie Hamlet, staying on the British music charts, and dating Rolling Stones star Mick Jagger. During a recording session Paul McCartney had for Revolver, he recalled: "When I sang it in the studio I remember thinking: 'I’ll sing it like Marianne Faithfull.'" McCartney said in Many Years From Now that it was something "no one would ever know" if he had not have mentioned the impression. The song in question was Revolver's ballad Here, There and Everywhere. He said of the recording: "You get these little things in your mind. You think: ‘I’ll sing it like James Brown.' But of course, it’s always you that sings it. So that one was a little voice. I used an almost falsetto voice … my Marianne Faithfull impression.” He added that taking inspiration from other artists was natural at that time. READ MORE: Elvis: ‘Army turned King from James Dean into John Wayne’ says friend McCartney remembered: "We had that in our minds during the introduction to Here, There and Everywhere. I don’t think anyone, unless I told them, would even notice, but we’d often do that, get something off an artist or artists that you really liked and have them in your mind while you were recording things, to give you the inspiration and give you the direction." He added: "Nearly always, it ended up sounding more like us than them anyway." Although his performance was inspired by Faithfull, he has also previously revealed the composition was first inspired by another classic boy band. DON'T MISS...Elvis: ‘Army turned King from James Dean into John Wayne’ says friend [NEWS]Paul McCartney was 'cured' after listening to rock star's song [INSIGHT]Paul McCartney branded one Beatles record 'the drug album' [INFO] McCartney attributed Here, There and Everywhere's writing to The Beach Boys' epic song God Only Knows. He recalled at the time: "John and I used to be interested in what the old fashioned writers used to call the verse, which we nowadays would call the intro – this whole preamble to a song - and I wanted to have one of those on the front of Here, There and Everywhere." He added: "John and I were quite into those from the old-fashioned songs that used to have them, and in putting that on the front of Here, There and Everywhere, we were doing harmonies, and the inspiration for that was the Beach Boys.” And Lennon loved the end result. Lennon was asked about a collection of the band's songs years later. He said of Here, There and Everywhere: "This was a great one of [McCartney's]. That’s Paul’s song completely, I believe. And one of my favourite songs of The Beatles." McCartney even corroborated this claim. He said Here, There and Everywhere was "the only song that John ever complimented me on." SOURCE