Emma Raducanu has been warned that she could find life in Mexico “incredibly hard” as she attempts to land the Abierto Zapopan title this week. The 19-year-old is set to appear at the tournament as she takes to the court for the first time since last month’s Australian Open. Raducanu rose to prominence last year after storming to the US Open title at the age of 18. The youngster overcame three qualifying rounds in New York, before stunning the tennis world by tasting glory without dropping a single set. Raducanu was in imperious form throughout that tournament as she defeated Canadian Leylah Fernandez 6-4, 6-3 in the final. The success was even more remarkable given the fact that just two months earlier, the Briton had been competing at her first-ever Grand Slam. On that occasion she reached the fourth round of Wimbledon, before being forced to retire during her clash with Ajla Tomljanovic. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal fires direct warning to Novak Djokovic over Grand Slams  Raducanu has struggled to emulate her US Open success in recent months and, despite reaching the quarter-finals of the Transylvania Open in October, the ace has been knocked out of three Tour events after playing just one match. Last month she suffered further disappointment as she exited the Australian Open in the second round after being defeated by Danka Kovinic in three sets. The star struggled with blisters during that encounter and has since spent time undergoing strength and conditioning work. On Tuesday Raducanu will return to action when she takes on Daria Saville in Guadalajara. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic opponent idolises Roger Federer and gives message tauntNick Kyrgios blasted a 'clown and an idiot' in scathing rantNovak Djokovic outlines calendar plans and fires warning to rival  And fellow Briton Harriet Dart, who played at the tournament last year, believes Raducanu’s task in Mexico will be an exacting one. “It's incredibly hard to play there because of the altitude,” Dart admitted. “The balls fly - conditions are very different. “But it's an incredibly warm and really nice tournament. It's got a very similar vibe to Indian Wells - which they nickname tennis paradise.” The pressure for Raducanu to build on her US Open form and reach the latter stages of tournaments on a regular basis is growing after a string of disappointments.   But Dart says her compatriot will be embracing the challenges ahead as she enters events she has never played at before. “You're still competing against the best players in the world,” Dart added. “I think for Emma, being a newbie, it's great. All these tournaments will be new places that she probably has never been to. “She's just embracing all the new challenges - I think she'll adapt really well.” 