Indeed, the Mayo Clinic explains with high cholesterol, you can develop fatty deposits in your blood vessels. It says that eventually, these deposits grow, making it difficult for enough blood to flow through your arteries, and sometimes, those deposits can break suddenly and form a clot that causes a heart attack or stroke.  As high levels of cholesterol are a massive risk factor for stroke, it is important to look out for potential signs. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says by knowing the signs and symptoms of stroke, you can take quick action. It says that if one side of the face droops, this may be a sign of a stroke. Indeed, the NHS says that the main stroke symptoms include changes to the face. Your face may have dropped on one side, the person may not be able to smile, or their mouth or eye may have drooped. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: Presenter's diagnosis came as a 'huge shock' - symptoms  Signs may also occur on the arms – “the person may not be able to lift both arms and keep them there because of weakness or numbness in one arm”, says the NHS. Their speech may be slurred or garbled, “or the person may not be able to talk at all despite appearing to be awake” and “they may also have problems understanding what you're saying to them”, adds the health body. The NHS states: “As different parts of your brain control different parts of your body, your symptoms will depend on the part of your brain affected and the extent of the damage.” The health body adds: “If you have been diagnosed with a condition known to increase your risk of stroke, ensuring the condition is well controlled is also important for helping prevent strokes.”  The British Heart Foundation (BHF) recommends all adults have a cholesterol check at any age, even if they feel completely well. It should be repeated every five years – or more often if the test was abnormal. Changing what you eat, being more active, and stopping smoking can help get your cholesterol back to a healthy level. The NHS says: “To reduce your cholesterol, try to cut down on fatty food, especially food that contains a type of fat called saturated fat. You can still have foods that contain a healthier type of fat called unsaturated fat.” The health body outlines a number of other lifestyle changes you may be able to make to lower your cholesterol.  A key one is to cut down on alcohol. You should try to avoid drinking more than 14 units of alcohol a week, and avoid binge drinking. You can ask your GP for help if you are struggling to cut down. The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada says: “As a rule of thumb, steer clear of highly processed foods, even if they are lower in fat content. Low-fat or diet foods are often loaded with calories, sodium and added sugar.” It says that it is also a good idea to add more vegetarian options like beans, lentils, tofu and nuts to your weekly meal plans, and “get in the habit of filling half your plate with vegetables and fruit”. Eating plenty of fibre helps lower your risk of heart disease, and some high-fibre foods can help lower your cholesterol.  Statins are the most common medicine for high cholesterol, according to the health service, and work by reducing the amount of cholesterol your body makes. Statins lower the level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the blood, which is often referred to as "bad" cholesterol, and statins reduce the production of it inside the liver. The NHS says there are five types of statin available on prescription in the UK. They include atorvastatin, fluvastatin pravastatin, rosuvastatin and simvastatin. It notes many people who take statins experience no or very few side effects, though others will experience “some troublesome, but usually minor, side effects, such as diarrhoea, a headache or feeling sick”. 