This Morning presenter Josie Gibson reached out to her fans on Twitter and begged for their support and help after her friend became stranded in Ukraine. She revealed on social media that her friend had travelled to mainland Europe before Vladimir Putin sent his military into Ukraine last Thursday, making them unable to get home with their children and no transport home. In a heartfelt and desperate tweet, Josie wrote: "Please RT: this is the most important tweet I’ve ever written, and it’s a long shot. "We have friends, a woman and her two British children stuck by Kharkiv does anyone know of any charities or people on the ground with fuel who can drive them to the train station or border? "They only went to care for a sick grandmother and got stuck. Any help would be greatly appreciated." Josie was flooded with support by many people who had seen her tweet and offered their help and prayers for her friend. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Kayla Rae helped: "Contact project dynamo!!," along with a link to the website to which Josie replied: "Thank you, Kayla, this is really helpful!" @pacman1712 commented: "God bless them!" Kelly added: "Sending love, strength and hope to your friends and everyone, Josie!" Shane Whitlock prayed: "So sad to hear this, Josie, hope your friends get home soon and safely." (sic) Many have been affected by the events happening in Ukraine, including Dancing with the Stars professional Maksim Chmerkovskiy who was forced to seek refuge in a bomb shelter. Over the weekend, airfield and gas pipelines appeared to have been hit, with the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate of Ukraine confirming that missiles also hit a radioactive waste disposal site. Taking to his Instagram to reassure his fans that he was safe, he said in a video: "Hey everybody, I’m in the bomb shelter, aka a parking lot. "A lot of people here that I don’t want to show. I have no idea what I’m doing, and I just don’t want to do something that I shouldn’t. DON'T MISS...Putin faces humiliation after Russian troops forced to beg for fuel [INSIGHT]‘Russia, please stop this madman!’ Britons beg for peace  [LATEST]Prince William's thinly-veiled swipe at Vladimir Putin [NEWS] 1571630 "I’m safe, I’m in a bomb shelter, but Kyiv is under a serious attack from what I understand, from what I heard. "We had a crazy alarm, so we all ran downstairs, as soon as I know something concrete that I check out, I’ll throw it on my feed. Stay tuned but just pray for Ukraine." Over the last week, many programmes have paid their tributes to the current events which are happening in Ukraine. On Saturday night Ant and Dec paused their ITV show Saturday Night Takeaway to pay their respects for all involved and impacted by it. Dec explained: “Now obviously the news this week’s been dominated by the terrible events in Ukraine. "So, all of our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the situation over there." Sunday's Dancing on Ice also paid their respects to the crisis by projecting the Ukrainian flag onto the ice before hosts Holly Willoughby, and Phillip Schofield introduced the show. The crowd could be heard applauding and seen standing as they all paid their respects. Holly then went on to introduce the show: "Welcome to the greatest show on ice it is the return of an absolute favourite tonight. "Our celebrities get to grips with all sorts of unusual objects because it is props week!" This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.