Many fans and even close friends and family were shocked when the Queen star left the largest part of his huge fortune to his ex-girlfriend. They had split up 15 years before his death in 1991. Yet, according to him, she remained the "love of my life". This was one of the reasons Freddie left so much to her and not his final boyfriend, Jim Hutton. But there was another major factor, too. Few ever knew how closely involved in Freddie's day-to-day life Mary remained on a personal and professional level. She wasn't just his main emotional support. As the film shows, Freddie and Mary met and started dating in 1970, when she worked at Biba on The King's Road. In fact, she very briefly dated the Queen legend's bandmate Brian May first. Freddie and Mary split in 1976, when he began to explore his sexuality, but she remained at the heart of his life every single day until his death in November, 1991. Bohemian Rhapsody showed how Freddie kept Mary, continuing to live close to each other, years after they had separated as a couple. And it seems he needed her for more than moral and emotional support. Freddie said; "Even if we are not together at the time, I talk to her a lot on the phone. She’s about the only person I can think of. Otherwise, I just fend for myself and I cross my hurdles in my own way..." Their devotion was reflected in his will, where Freddie left Mary his entire fortune, his Lavish London mansion and half of all his future earnings from Queen. In fact, Freddie was always very open about his abiding love and devotion for Mary, saying: "The only real friend I’ve had is Mary. She will inherit the bulk of my fortune. What better person to leave it to when I go? Of course, my parents are in my Will, and so are my cats, but the vast bulk of it will go to Mary. If I dropped dead tomorrow, she’s the one person I know who could cope with my vast wealth." DON'T MISSFreddie Mercury: Bohemian Rhapsody was WRONG about Freddie feud, says friendBohemian Rhapsody 'Freddie wrote Love of My Life for a man NOT Mary'Freddie Mercury saw Wayne's World scene just before he died and loved it But it wasn't just the money he entrusted her with. Freddie also asked Mary alone to take his ashes and secretly lay them to rest. Nobody else has ever known where they lie, not family, friends or his bandmates. This extraordinary level of trust was also reflected in Mary's role while Freddie was alive. Freddie once said: "She’s in charge of all my money and possessions; the chauffeurs, maids, gardeners, accountants and lawyers. All I have to do is throw my carcass around on stage." Mary was officially on the payroll as the financial controller of all of Freddie's private affairs, outside of his responsibilities to Queen. Freddie added: "There have been only two individuals who have given back as much love to me as I gave to them: Mary, with whom I had a long affair, and our cat, Jerry. My bond with Mary seems to grow and grow. If I go first, I’m going to leave everything to her. Nobody else gets a penny – except my cats. They deserve it...