Pouring yourself a cup of strong coffee first thing in the morning has become an impulse habit for many. Coffee is a stimulant which helps a person to feel more alert and awake for the day ahead. However, drinking caffeine on an empty stomach has been said to cause a number of health issues. One major health complication for drinking caffeine first thing in the morning is that coffee stimulates cortisol production known as the stress hormone. Cortisol is produced by your adrenal glands and helps regulate metabolism, blood pressure, and blood sugar levels. Yet, chronically excessive levels can trigger health problems, including bone loss, high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, and heart disease. Higher cortisol levels also increase insulin leading to insulin resistance. Excess cortisol can lead to effects like weight gain, sleep problems and compromised immune response. Doctor Earim Chaudry, MD of Men’s Health Platform Manual on the health implications of drinking black coffee first thing in the morning. “Whilst many of us will rely on a strong coffee to kickstart our day, studies have shown that drinking coffee first thing can have a negative effect on blood sugar control, increasing the blood glucose response significantly. “Therefore, those relying on coffee after a bad night’s sleep or to stop feeling tired first thing in the morning could limit your body's ability to tolerate the sugar you will consume in your breakfast afterwards, and this can lead to risk factors of diabetes and heart disease.” Doctor Deborah Lee, Doctor Fox Online Pharmacy discussed a 2012 study on caffeine’s effect on Asians who consumed 200 mg caffeine per day and were found to have higher levels of estrogenic. “Over the longer term, this could be an important factor as oestrogen levels are important in medical conditions such as endometriosis, osteoporosis and breast cancer. “This was a small observational study and there is no need at present for women to stop drinking coffee. More research is needed.” With regards to another hormone testosterone, Doctor Lee discussed another study which found that regular consumption of coffee was found to increase total testosterone levels and reduce oestrogen levels. “The authors suggested that caffeine may act as an aromatase inhibitor, increasing levels of luteinising hormone (LH), which stimulates the production of testosterone.” Some suggest that drinking caffeine on an empty stomach is particularly harmful since there’s no other food present to prevent the acid from damaging your stomach lining. Studies have found that coffee’s bitterness may stimulate the production of stomach acid. As such, many people believe that coffee irritates your stomach, worsens symptoms of gut disorders like irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and causes heartburn, ulcers, nausea, acid reflux, and indigestion. “Your body has a cortisol hormone and when you are stressed or have caffeine, this can cause a rise in your body’s cortisol levels, leading to rapid weight gain,” said Doctor Chaudry. “It can also cause muscle weakness, easy bruising of the skin and other health problems- like diabetes.” “Ideally, if you do want to continue drinking black coffee first thing in the morning before your breakfast, you should consume a breakfast that is lower in carbohydrates and especially sugar to help reduce the blood glucose spike after eating.”