Good Morning Britain's Ben Shephard has admitted he didn't know what to say after tuning into Kate Garraway's latest documentary, Caring For Derek, which aired last night. Taking to Twitter, the ITV host praised his friend and colleague for sharing her family's "tough" story, which follows her husband Derek Draper's recovery from long Covid, almost two years after contracting the virus. In view of his 793,300 followers, the ITV personality gushed over his friend for being brave enough to share her family's story. Ben wrote: "I don’t have the words to describe how proud + inspired I am by my wonderful friend @kategarraway. "It's such a tough personal story but one she’s sharing for those that don’t have the voice. "I am so lucky to call her a friend, even if I have to endlessly tidy up after her," he added alongside a cheeky face emoji. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death The star also shared a smiley snap of him and Kate standing together while grinning from ear to ear. Ben's tweet comes the morning after Kate's follow-up documentary to Finding Derek was aired. Kate has kept the public up-to-date with Derek’s condition ever since he started battling coronavirus in March 2020, when he became so ill that doctors were forced to put him into an induced coma. Recently, the GMB star told how an eminent doctor in the States had reached out to her after seeing the first documentary, suggesting that Derek take the flight across the Atlantic for further treatment. Derek had to undergo oxygen and pressure tests to check he was able to cope with the 16-hour transatlantic flight, but has since successfully managed to make the journey. The former lobbyist has received specialist treatment at a clinic in Monterrey and is set to return for 28 days next month, while healthcare professionals continue to monitor his brain, liver and lung function. She told The Sun: “It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited. “He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [INSIGHT]Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [UPDATE]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storms [ANALYSIS] “I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve. I think the treatment could be positive.” In the ITV documentary, Kate told how Derek had spent a total of 374 days in hospital after contracting Covid in March 2020. The programme sees Kate welcome Derek back to their family home after he had to spend more than a year in a hospital. The couple live with their two children Billy, 12, and Darcy, 15, who have had to keep strong for their parents over the past two years. Their dad now sleeps up to 20 hours a day and Kate admitted she wakes up every two hours at night to help his carers move him around in bed. While Derek is no longer infected with coronavirus, it has damaged his internal organs. This means he requires constant care and, according to The Sun, he "would die within three days if left to fend for himself".