The bank's latest research has found that as many as seven in ten people have experienced an increase in suspicious or scam-related activity in the last three months. On the back of the warning, Barclays has issued new guidance on what to look out for. As scams continue to rise post-pandemic, Barclays has teamed up with a chief behavioural scientist to help customers learn what to keep an eye out for. This increase in scams is partly due to the fact scammers have become expert behavioural manipulators. Sian McIntyre, head of economic crime at Barclays UK said: “Fraudsters really are expert social manipulators and prey on human nature to get their desired outcome. “Our research has shown almost three-quarters of Brits have seen an increase in suspicious activity in the last three months and of those who were scammed nearly four in 10 (39 percent) didn’t report it.” READ MORE: TV licence: A full guide to all the discounts available Mr McIntryre added that the more people start to share their experiences, the better changes of stopping fraudsters in their tracks. He continued: “We know that would-be investors are vulnerable to manipulation from scammers when put under time pressure, promised greater returns on investments, or contacted by what they think is an authority figure. “That’s why we want to remind the public to never ignore their concerns. “If you are ever unsure, take the time you need to respond in the right way.” DON'T MISSThe ‘most successful product’ pitched on Dragons’ Den – worth millions [INSIGHT]Government has announced a £150 council tax rebate [UPDATE]NatWest set to close 32 bank branches - full list of closures [WARNING] Barclays is urging the public to be wary of the psychological tricks that scammers use. Barclays’ chief behavioural scientist Dr Pete Brooks said scammers usually apply pressure tactics, illusions of scarcity or pretending to be a trusted authority to ‘socially engineer’ their victims. In these situations, Barclays advises people to question whether something appears too good to be true. The guidance comes as consumer polling shows that seven in 10 Britons claim to have seen an increase in suspicious or scam-related activity in the last three months. However, almost a third of respondents (31 percent) said they wouldn’t know what to do if they were the victim of a scam. One common scam is the purchase scam, where people buy goods online which never arrive. These accounted for over half (53 percent) of reported scams in Barclays data – with an average value of £980. Another is impersonation scams where a fraudster pretends to be from the bank, police or HMRC. Investment scams often account for the highest average value type of scam, which is why they’re such enticing options for fraudsters – with £15,788 lost on average to these types of scams in the last quarter. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Dr Pete Brooks said fraudsters manipulate their victims by pretending to be from an authoritative source. He said: “In these situations, scammers will harness that sense of authority to instil fear in their victims – perhaps suggesting their bank account has been compromised, they are overdue a payment or that they will be fined if they do not pay the full amount. When it comes to investing, he recommended that people stop and think before signing on the dotted line. He added: “Investing should generally be a very measured activity and people who are looking to invest their money will often do a lot of research before making their decision, or at least ask for a second opinion. “However, scammers are experts at exploiting the fact people want to grow their assets, and that we can sometimes put our better judgement aside for a high return opportunity.”