Liverpool forward Roberto Firmino's newest injury could lead to a significant change to the Anfield future of Divock Origi, who may now be handed a 12-month contract extension to stay at the club. Origi joined Liverpool in 2015 and is now into the seventh year of his career on Merseyside. Bar a year on loan at Wolfsburg, he has only featured sporadically at Anfield, making just 104 league appearances in those seven years. However, Firmino's injury means that Origi will now play second string to preferred striker Diogo Jota in Klopp's side. And more appearances may mean the Belgian could see an extension to his current contract. Sky Sports report that Origi has a performance-related obligation in his contract. His deal runs out in late June, although if he makes a certain number of starts in the Premier League, a one-year option is automatically triggered. He is currently on zero starts in the league this season, although in his 66 minutes of football he has scored two goals for the Reds. He could sign a pre-contract agreement with any team outside of England at any given moment, although he is likely to keep his options open until the summer. And whilst he sees out the rest of his career in Liverpool, he could start more frequently due to Firmino's injury, which Jurgen Klopp has admitted could sideline him for a while. His physicality does see him offer a different route to the usually quick, mobile attacking options that Klopp possesses. His knack for last-minute goals could see him continue to be used as the 'super sub' should he stay on Merseyside but he will be keen to get some starts under his belt too, and may be set to stay another year if he does. Klopp gave the Belgian a glowing review after his last-minute winner away at Wolves in December.  "(Origi) is an incredible striker and for different reasons he did not play that often, but I hope one day he finds a manager that plays him more than I do," Klopp said after the 1-0 win at Molineux. "He's one of the best finishers I've ever seen in my life. "In this great team, with our (front) three, he doesn't play all the time but he is a very positive boy, loves the club, wants to contribute and he did in an incredible way." Liverpool will look to continue their title charge in their home game against Leeds on Wednesday.