The Football Association have written to Harvey Elliott to ask for an explanation after the teenager was pictured celebrating Liverpool's Carabao Cup triumph with a flare on the Wembley turf. The Reds secured their first domestic cup in 10 years on Sunday afternoon when they successfully pipped Chelsea 11-10 on penalties after an enthralling 0-0 draw. Elliott was not even in the Liverpool matchday squad until after the warm-up when Thiago Alcantara picked up a late injury. The Spanish central midfielder was in tears on the Liverpool bench shortly before kick-off and was consoled by goalkeeper Alisson. Jurgen Klopp decided to call on Elliott ahead of Curtis Jones and the 18-year-old was introduced to the fray in the second half as part of a triple substitution. After a tussle with Kai Havertz, Elliott kept his cool and successfully dispatched his penalty during the shootout as Liverpool lifted the trophy. READ MORE: ​​Liverpool player ratings: Kelleher justifies Alisson call as Reds win Carabao Cup on pens Elliott, a boyhood Liverpool fan, could barely contain his delight at winning his first-ever trophy with the Reds. He was present for the Super Cup and Club World Cup victories in 2019 but was not used in either final. Collecting a flare that was thrown onto the pitch, Elliott danced and cheered to the thumping music amid a cloud of red smoke. Now it's understood the FA have written to Elliott to ask for his observations of the incident. As part of the Sporting Events Act 1985, by law, fans are prohibited from bringing smoke bombs and flares into football stadiums. It reads: "It is on offence for a person to enter or attempt to enter a football ground while in possession of a flare, smoke bomb or firework. "The sentence for these offences can be as much as three months in prison, and in many cases, fans who have no previous convictions are being given prison sentences for attempting to enter a football ground with a smoke bomb in their pocket as the courts take these offences very seriously." There were several flares visible in the Liverpool end at Wembley as the travelling Reds celebrated Kepa Arrizabalaga skying his penalty kick. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Taking to Instagram, Elliott shared his elation at winning his first piece of silverware. He said: "Special day yesterday, love this club!" The attacking midfielder had forced his way into Klopp's starting XI at the start of the season before a nasty ankle injury at Leeds ruled him out for up to four months. Now he looks set to help the Reds challenge for more trophies between now and the end of the season...