Honor has revealed its first flagship smartphone – the Magic4 Pro – during the Mobile World Congress tradeshow in Barcelona. It packs a 6.8-inch OLED display, a triple camera array with up to 100x digital zoom, facial recognition, a water-resistant chassis, superfast wireless charging, and the latest chipset from Qualcomm. That pits the Magic4 Pro squarely against the latest from Samsung, Oppo, Google and Apple. And that's not something we're used to seeing from Honor. The brand, which was owned by Huawei, made a name for itself by selling affordable handsets, like the Honor View 20 and Honor 50 Lite. These relied on industrial designs and technologies developed internally by Huawei – reducing its costs and allowing Honor to offer top-tier features at low prices. However, Huawei announced plans to sell-off its stake in Honor at the end of 2020. While that might sound like it would be a blow for the smaller brand, it could be the making of Honor. By ending its formal relationship with Huawei, Honor is no longer impacted by the ongoing blacklist from the United States government, which prevents all American companies from doing business with Huawei. The block prevents Huawei from supporting Google Maps, YouTube, Google Photos, Gmail and the entirety of the Google Play Store. Honor is no longer under the same restrictions. As such, the Magic4 Pro is powered by the latest-generation Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 from US chipmaker Qualcomm. It also arrives with the Google Play Store pre-installed, which offers access to millions of apps and games, including Facebook, WhatsApp, Snapchat, Netflix, Disney+ and more. Google's in-house applications, including Gmail, YouTube, and Google Maps, are all present and correct too. Elsewhere, the Honor Magic4 Pro has a 6.81-inch OLED display with a smart refresh rate that maxes out at 120Hz. That should ensure system animations and fast-paced games, like Call Of Duty, are smooth. When you have a static image on-screen, like when listing to a podcast, Honor can drop the refresh rate to as low as 1Hz to eke out as much battery life as possible. With support for up to 1.07 billion colours as well as DCI-P3 and HDR10+ certification, Honor Magic4 Pro should be ideal for watching Hollywood blockbusters and boxsets from Netflix on your morning commute. The 1,000-nit maximum brightness should ensure the OLED panel remains easily visible, even in direct sunlight. But the real, ahem, magic of the new flagship smartphone from Honor is the rear camera system. It packs a triple-camera system with a 50MP main shooter, a 50Mp ultra-wide camera with a 122-degree field of view, and a 64MP periscope camera capable of lossless 3.5x optical zoom and 100x digital zoom. Honor is using software to enable a couple of clever new features, including combining photos from its main and ultra-wide camera to boost clarity for ultra-wide shots. On the front, you'll find a selfie camera with an impressive 100-degree field of view. That's not too far short of the dedicated ultra-wide camera on the back of the handset. Honor has also bundled a 3D depth-sensing camera that enables facial recognition. Like Face ID found on the latest iPhone models, this clever system scans a three-dimensional image of your face to unlock the handset with a glance. Of course, facial recognition – while extremely clever – isn't the most convenient solution during a global pandemic where many counties still require people to wear masks indoors. Thankfully, Honor has included another option up its sleeve. The Magic4 Pro comes equipped with the second-generation Qualcomm-designed Ultrasonic Fingerprint Scanner. It boasts a 77 percent larger footprint and 40 percent faster speeds. Unlike rival optical fingerprint scanners, there's no need to shine a burst of bright light to authenticate a fingerprint – saving your eyes when unlocking your handset at night. The Honor Magic4 Pro is powered by a hefty 4,600mAh battery cell, which the company says will result in all-day usage. When you're out of battery, the 100W wired SuperCharge solution promises to replenish your handset in just 30 minutes. If you prefer to charge wirelessly, Honor Magic4 Pro is the first to support the Chinese firm's new 100W Wireless Honor SuperCharge technology, which powers up the device to 60 percent in 15 minutes. “At Honor, we always ask ourselves, what can we do to solve user pain points and create the very best product experience for them? Our premium Honor Magic Series is a real showcase of our innovative technology and is testament to our can-do attitude to constantly challenge industry benchmarks,” said George Zhao, CEO of Honor Device Co, Ltd. “Redefining excellence across design, display, camera, performance and security, the all-new Honor Magic4 Series will be a pain point killer and deliver a magical experience to users around the world." Honor's Magic UI 6 will be preinstalled on the Honor Magic4 Pro, which is based on Android 12. This means you'll enjoy many of the headline features seen on the Google Pixel 6 lineup, including the ability to tweak the colours used across the operating system to better suit your tastes and tighter security controls to block apps from using your location behind your back. Honor Magic4 Pro will be available from a variety of retailers in the UK with a price tag of £899. The Shenzhen-based company has also partnered with Three Mobile, so you can buy its flagship smartphone on a monthly plan.