The stunning update comes from The Manufacturers' Organisation's annual analysis of the sector. They found the UK is now the "ninth largest manufacturing country in the world" with a bumper £31billion being invested each year. The report adds that UK exports globally, with the top countries being the US (£43.2billon), Germany (£32.4billion), the Republic of Ireland (£21.6billion) and the Netherlands (£19.7billion). Compared to other countries, the UK was found to be 10th for the export of goods, fifth for the import of goods and second in service trade. That, according to the experts, makes the sector worth £183billion. Now, Brexiteers have celebrated the boost to Britain's economy. One Express.co.uk reader, Filbert1887, wrote: "They are crying over the fact we now control our future." Bulldogkevin2 wrote: "Well done Boris and the good people of GB. "Eat your heart out Remoaners if you can find it." Hindsight added: "Ninth largest manufacturing country and fifth largest economy. "Not bad for a country that was supposed to collapse after Brexit." READ MORE: Lord Frost 'very glad' if resignation stopped another lockdown Rhodo commented: "Whatever any good news over Brexit we get the Rejoiners will always sneer so you can never win. "However the only way is up now we're free of EU shackles." Scouser in Scotland wrote: "Ninth out of a total of 195 countries in the world. "It's not bad, in fact it is bloody good." DON'T MISS Brexit offers Boris ‘robust’ tools to hit back at Russia [INSIGHT] Return of imperial measurements? Rees-Mogg snubs Remainer [REVEAL] Brexit alarm bells as City warned of parting with EU rulebook [COMMENT] While gregmead1 added: "Wonderful! Boris creating a wonderful boom." Sir Realist wrote: "Not what the Remoaners and EU lovers want to hear..." An eighth reader, The EU don't have the monopoly on trade, commented: "It’s amusing watching the Remainers going into meltdown when the UK get so good news after Brexit." It is not just the UK economy reaping the benefits. Manufacturers in the UK were found to be making, on average, £35,277 a year, compared to the UK average of £31,447. The Manufacturers' Organisation found that 2.5 million jobs have been created in the industry, with workers being paid 12 percent more than the whole economy. It comes after the UK announced a flurry of new projects in the UK, including the opening of its first gigafactory by Britishvolt. Last month, it was announced that Britishvolt is set to benefit from a £100million investment from the Government as they seek to build Britain’s first large-scale “gigafactory”. The new electric car battery factory will be built near Blyth, in Northumberland, and is one of two major UK battery manufacturing projects. The electric battery start-up also secured £1.7billion from Tritax Group, a real estate investor, alongside the fund manager abrdn. Britishvolt expects to be able to start construction in April, on the site of a former power plant’s coal store.