The 2021 Western psychological drama directed by Jane Campion is set in 1925 Montanna, USA, and focuses on wealthy ranch-owning brothers Phil (Cumberbatch) and George Burbank (Jesse Plemons). In order to embrace his character, Cumberbatch reportedly learned to roll cigarettes one-handed and didn’t wash in an attempt to really get into the mindset of the rancher. But it was through continuous chain smoking that the star gave himself nicotine poisoning three times - a condition that can cause side effects such as vomiting, rapid heart rate and increased salivation. In an interview with Esquire magazine back in 2021, the Marvel actor gave some insight into his method acting for the role and the effects smoking had on his health. Describing his decision not to wash for the entirety of filming, he said: “I wanted that layer of stink on me. “I wanted people in the room to know what I smelt like. It was hard, though. It wasn’t just in rehearsals. “I was going out to eat and meet friends of Jane and stuff. I was a bit embarrassed by the cleaner, in the place I was living.”  READ MORE: Diabetes: The spice known to decrease blood glucose spikes -improves insulin sensitivity  As the chemical produces pleasing effects in your brain, it makes it addictive. But the more you smoke the harder it is to stop, meaning individuals experience unpleasant mental and physical changes when they do. In severe cases of nicotine poisoning, it can cause seizures, respiratory failure, cardiac arrest or coma, and doctors often use activated charcoal to get it out of the body, according to the American Lung Association. The amount of nicotine it takes to develop nicotine poisoning depends on various factors such as body weight and where the nicotine came from, but the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that 50 to 60 milligrams is a deadly dose for an adult. WebMD explains that it is unlikely that individuals will ever overdose on nicotine from just smoking cigarettes as your body only absorbs around one-tenth in every cigarette (one milligram) when you smoke.  However, it is possible to overdose on nicotine gum or a patch if not used in accordance with the instructions. The first symptoms of nicotine poisoning are likely to occur within the first 15 minutes to an hour of poisoning, with more developed symptoms such as a shallow heartbeat, lethargy and even seizures occurring anywhere between 30 minutes to four hours later. In addition to nicotine poisoning, smoking can cause a variety of life-threatening health conditions. In fact, The Mayo Clinic explains that tobacco smoke contains more than 60 known cancer-causing chemicals and thousands of other harmful substances. The CDC says that smoking can cause or increase an individual's risk of:Heart disease  The NHS explains that each year around 78,000 people in the UK die from smoking, with many more living with debilitating smoking-related illnesses. Secondhand smoke - smoke that comes from the tip of a lit cigarette and the smoke that the smoker breathes out - can also increase your health risk. The NHS explains that if you have never smoked but you have a spouse who smokes, your risk of developing lung cancer increases by about a quarter. A child who is exposed to passive smoke is also at an increased risk of developing chest infections, meningitis, a persistent cough and, if they do have asthma, their symptoms will get worse. The NHS provides tips to try and help people quit smoking. These include: 