Vladimir Putin indicated his nuclear warning was a response to the “aggressive statements” and crippling economic sanctions imposed by the Western nations for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Mr Putin’s nuclear order appeared to be an attempt to divert attention from the fact that his efforts to “remake the post-Cold war order in Europe were failing. He said: “What's actually happening is that they [the Ukrainians] are fighting back perhaps with more effect, with more resistance, than the [Moscow] Kremlin had bargained for," during a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Church in London. This is a disastrous misbegotten venture by President Putin." However, the threat has been taken seriously by the West, and received immediate condemnation from the US and NATO, as they deemed the escalation “completely unacceptable”.  NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg described the order as “dangerous rhetoric and irresponsible behaviour on Putin's part", as Russia is not the only country with nuclear weapons - and NATO is also a nuclear alliance. So, how many countries have nuclear weapons and how do they compare?  READ MORE: Liz Truss criticises defence spending  Nuclear weapons are described as the most dangerous weapons on earth, causing significant destruction and long-term environmental effects when detonated due to the huge amount of heat and radiation emitted. Just one bomb can destroy an entire city. First developed during World War 2, nuclear bombs have only been used twice in history and, following the devastating impact of the US’s uranium bomb in 1945, more countries started to develop them in defence. As of 2022, it is estimated there are approximately 13,080 nuclear warheads in circulation between nine countries - some possessing much more than others.  The World Population Review recorded the following countries to be in possession: DON'T MISS: Boris unveils plan for thousands of Ukrainian refugees to come to UK [INSIGHT]GONE in 48 hours! Terrifying Russian threat to wipe out Ukraine army [ANALYSIS] Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [EXPLAINED]  DON'T MISS: Boris unveils plan for thousands of Ukrainian refugees to come to UK [INSIGHT]GONE in 48 hours! Terrifying Russian threat to wipe out Ukraine army [ANALYSIS] Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [EXPLAINED] Most experts predict it is highly unlikely that nuclear war would ever happen, due to the enormous costs involved. However, Mr Putin’s televised order to move Russia's deterrence forces to a “special regime of duty” has been understood as a nuclear weapon threat. France's Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drain added: “I think Vladimir Putin must also understand that the Atlantic alliance (Nato) is a nuclear alliance. That is all I will say about this.” However, former National Security Council official Jon Wolfsthal, said: “There’s no evidence to suggest that [Putin] is suicidal or is eager to initiate the use of nuclear weapons." But he added “that doesn’t mean things can’t get out of control.”    