So it goes that the “no jab, no job” rule that turfed out tens of thousands of care workers from their jobs only four months ago, was scrapped this week in another Government U-turn. Unvaccinated NHS staff had been expecting the same fate in April. But faced with the prospect of 80,000 workers walking out, when there are already 100,000 vacancies, Sajid Javid wisely backtracked. “It was the right policy at the time,” the Health Secretary told the House of Commons on Monday, before defiantly adding: “The Government makes no apology for it.” U-turns are often viewed as a sign of weakness, but in this case, it was the right decision. Angry NHS leaders called the 11th-hour reversal a “shambles”, but it is surely preferable to the catastrophic staffing blackhole of which they had warned. To be fair to Mr Javid, the mandate was announced in early November when the dangerous Delta variant was dominant and vaccines provided high-level protection from passing it on. He couldn’t have predicted the rapid spread of the highly-transmissible but milder Omicron strain. Despite the initial frustrations, the move will come as a relief for the NHS, but it is a slap in the face for the care sector which had just given marching orders to around 40,000 workers. Care leaders have accused the Government of treating them unfairly and ignoring their pleas for help. Nursing home bosses are furious having wasted time and money on disciplinary proceedings and redundancies for no reason, while experienced staff members who were booted out are unlikely to return to the beleaguered industry after the way they were treated.  Who can blame them? With no apology coming, care workers won’t easily forgive and forget how Mr Javid bluntly told them last year to “get out and get another job”. Words he may come to regret as the country learns to live with Covid. But what does this mean for the rest of us? The move certainly risks undermining the message that life-saving vaccines are still important, which may embolden the ludicrous anti-vax movement. And there is little choice now but to accept the one in 20 unvaccinated NHS staff in our hospitals, clinics and GP surgeries, which will affect patients to a greater or lesser degree. If I think back to the last time I was in A&E a few years ago with a nasty elbow injury and a bloody face after falling off my bike, would I have worried about being treated by an unvaccinated nurse? Of course not, but for immunocompromised cancer patients needing chemotherapy, it may pose more of a dilemma. Meanwhile, vulnerable care home residents and their families can only trust that staff will continue to do everything they can to protect them from infection. In an ideal world there would be no cause for concern because every eligible front line health and care worker wouldn’t think twice about getting jabbed. Having chosen a profession that requires faith in medical science and a duty to keep safe the people in their care, it is inexplicable and hypocritical that so many chose not to be. This stubborn minority can feel safe in the knowledge that the country cannot afford to lose them. But it is on their conscience now.  A DAMNING report by the police watchdog this week made for a difficult read. It confirmed a toxic culture of sexism, racism, homophobia, bullying and discrimination in the Met. No surprise there, sadly, but the extent of it is shocking. Investigators at the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) also discovered disturbing texts referring to domestic violence, African children, people with disabilities and Holocaust victims among other targets. One colleague was referred to as “mcrapey raperson”. Another sent messages to a female officer joking about raping her. The inquiry was launched four years ago after a PC had sex with a drunk woman in a police station, and bragged about it. It is utterly nauseating to think these are the same officers that sexual abuse victims would have trusted to give their statements to. With this level of ambivalence and misogyny, it is no wonder rape convictions are appallingly low. The officers involved used the pathetic excuse of “banter”. It only reveals their stupidity and entitlement. According to the report: “The culture of bullying appears to have been accepted and not challenged.” Female staff were told they should “play the game or stay quiet”, or leave the force. It seems barely a week goes by without Dame Cressida Dick et al being shamed into another apology. I cannot think of a single other organisation that has been so routinely exposed for the despicable, aggressive, or criminal behaviour of its employees. A few bad apples? It is one giant bad apple. Rotten to the core.  NOT entirely sure what point Madonna was making in her latest Instagram post. The 63-year-old singer shared a series of images sitting on the loo reading the script for her upcoming biopic. Which is a bit potty, even by her standards. “I Do My Best Work In The Bathroom…,” she captions it, adding a string of emojis including a toilet, a sink, a bathtub and a film camera. She is working with co-writer Erin Cressida Wilson on the screenplay of her life, which we learn has the working title Little Sparrow. Another screenshot with a snippet of dialogue showed the character “Madonna” telling a journalist: “My name is Madonna.” Not sure she will be winning any screenwriting gongs going by that excerpt. It will certainly be worth a watch, but perhaps not for the reason she intended. THOUSANDS of pieces of misprinted “Platinum Jubbly” souvenirs could be yours, if you’ve got a few bob to spare. Not from the back of Trotters Independent Trading Company’s three-wheeled van, but on a clearance website. A Chinese manufacturer unintentionally produced 10,800 Del Boy-inspired tea cups, mugs and plates to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign. The hooky job lot is up for £32,400, but the lucky punter can expect to make a cushty profit given it’s niche resale value. To quote Peckham’s legendary wheeler-dealer: “This time next year Rodney we’ll be millionaires.”  A DESIGNER candle is on sale for £600 at Selfridges. The high end department store’s website, says the exclusive lump of wax “offers a fragrant bouquet of leathery notes, Atlas cedarwood, gunpowder and cigar notes”. It is produced by fashion house Balmain and Trudon, the candle supplier to the French 17th century “sun king” Louis XIV, no less. And the 2.8kg whopper will burn for more than 300 hours. Given the soaring cost of energy, sounds like value for money. I’ll take two.