Russia's recognition of the independence of Ukraine's two breakaway regions on Monday sparked diplomatic chaos across the world, with the UK, the US and EU countries rushing to come up with economic sanctions against the Kremlin. Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the deployment of troops to the two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine after recognising them as independent, accelerating a crisis the West fears could unleash a major war. A package of sanctions from the EU is expected to be announced in the coming days, awaiting the unanimous approval of all EU member states. The package was not expected to include a halt to the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipelines project until Russia's actions escalate further. But against the backdrop of the escalating Russia-Ukraine conflict, the German government is halting the approval process for the Russian-German Nord Stream 2 natural gas pipeline until further notice, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced on Tuesday. He said: "In light of the most recent developments we must reassess the situation in particular regarding Nord Stream 2." He said he had asked the economy ministry to take steps to make sure that certification could not take place at the moment. He added: "The appropriate departments of the economy ministry will make a new assessment of the security of our supply in light of what has changed in last few days." The Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky had previously called for a temporary stop. Ukraine fears billions in losses if it is no longer used as a transit country when Nord Stream 2 goes into operation. The pipeline has been built but is not yet operational as it is awaiting German and EU regulatory approval. Former German Chancellor Angela Merkel pushed hard for the completion of the project. On Monday, Mr Scholz's spokesman said Germany was prepared to respond to Russia's actions with sanctions, after he spoke to US President Joe Biden and French President Emmanuel Macron, but he remained silent on the future of Nord Stream 2. Calls from MEPs erupted overnight for the German leader to ditch the project altogether. MEP Andrius Kubilius said: "'Recognition' of Doneck and Luhansk 'independence' by Kremlin should mean immediate 'non recognition' of Nord Stream 2 by Germany and EU. "Forever!" Joe Biden has been putting pressure on Germany to ditch the Nord Stream 2 pipeline project that would increase it dependence on Russian gas. It argues the completed pipeline awaiting regulatory approval would allow the Kremlin to weaponise energy against Europe at a time of rising tensions with the West, which fears a Russia military incursion into Ukraine. Mr Scholz' decision will have substantial economic costs for the EU, especially for Germany and France which were deemed to be the biggest winners of the project. A spokesman for Nord Stream 2 told Express.co.uk: "Western European energy companies from Austria, Germany, France, and the Netherlands have invested almost 1 billion euros each in the project. READ MORE: Russian tanks roll on Donetsk as Putin orders 'peacekeeping mission'  "Furthermore, there are overall investments of approximately 12 billion euros in EU energy infrastructure, i.e. approx. 8 billion euros in budgeted project cost of Nord Stream 2 as well as a further 3 billion euros in investments by separate European companies in downstream infrastructure in Germany and 750 million euros in the Czech Republic. "This infrastructure has been constructed to transport the Nord Stream 2 gas throughout the European market. "As for effects on Germany, a study by the Energy Economic Institute of the University of Cologne has shown that Nord Stream 2 can lower gas prices in Germany and the wider EU market (including the UK) by expanding the liquidity of gas markets. "The price dampening effect of the pipeline being in operation is in the billions of euros per year." The report the Energy Economic Institute, published back in 2017, looked at the impacts of the offshore pipeline on the EU natural gas markets It reads: "The study looks at two different scenarios for the availability of major import infrastructure: Nord Stream 2 being available compared to Nord Stream 2 being unavailable. "All other import infrastructure is available in all scenarios (e.g. Yamal, Norwegian and North African pipelines). 30 bcm of Ukrainian transit capacity is assumed, based on the capacity of the Urengoy–Pomary–Uzhgorod (UPU) pipeline, which is the only transit pipeline of the old Ukrainian system which is being refurbished (with the aid of emergency loans by the European Investment Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development)." DON'T MISS:Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin [INSIGHT]We are serious! Sefcovic wrecks EU breakthrough [ANALYSIS]Where was the EU? Britons react to break up of UK warning [REACTION] It found that "If Nord Stream 2 is available, less LNG needs to be imported into the EU, leading to lower import prices for LNG. As LNG is the marginal source of supply in the EU, this decreases gas prices in the EU. All countries benefit from the impact of Nord Stream 2 including Central and South Eastern Europe in both Low and High Global LNG Demand scenarios. "In the Low Global LNG Demand scenario, EU wholesale gas prices would have been up to 13 percent lower in 2020 if Nord Stream 2 was available, compared to a scenario without Nord Stream 2. "Consumers in the EU-28 countries would have enjoyed a total welfare benefit of €7.9 billion. "In the High Global LNG Demand scenario in 2020, the EU-28 consumers would have enjoyed a total welfare benefit of €24.4 billion compared to a situation in which Nord Stream 2 was unavailable. "EU gas wholesale prices would have been up to 32 percent lower in 2020 compared to a scenario where Nord Stream 2 is not available." Based on this analysis, the report found that in 2025, in the High Global LNG Demand scenario in 2020, the EU-28 consumers will enjoy a total welfare benefit of €34.8 billion compared to a situation in which Nord Stream 2 was unavailable as well as a welfare benefit of €12.9 billion in a low global LNG demand scenario. A report made by the European Parliament in July 2021 also recognised the substantial economic loss for Germany and France should the gas pipelines project be completely ditched. It said: "Besides serving as a new, relatively cheap and secure source of gas, the pipeline is expected to create commercial opportunities for the German energy sector: with more Russian gas flowing to neighbouring countries via Germany rather than Ukraine, the country's network operators will earn more from transit fees, and if Germany becomes the EU's main gas hub, traders will be able to generate profits by selling to importers in downstream countries. "Looking at the bigger picture, the economic benefits for Germany need to be offset against the corresponding losses to countries on the Ukrainian transit route – especially Ukraine itself, which currently earns up to US $2 billion per year in transit fees. "According to most forecasts, Nord Stream 2 will mean cheaper gas prices for consumers – both due to the pipeline's lower operating costs and the tendency of additional supply to depress prices. For example, energy consultancy company Wood Mackenzie estimates that EU gas prices could drop by 25 percent, while a study commissioned by Nord Stream 2 posits a 13-32 percent drop in wholesale gas prices. "However, the benefits of lower gas prices will be felt very unevenly across Europe; in one analysis, Germany and France come out as clear winners, whereas Czechia, Slovakia and Ukraine will lose, especially if supplies via the Ukrainian route are halted." So Europe would be losing out on a welfare benefit from the project of €34.8 billion in 2025 on top of the €46.8 billion it has already invested. Speaking to German NTV, EU Commission Vice President Vladis Dombrovskis said this morning that sanctions against Russia will also have costs for the bloc. He said: "When we discuss this package of sanctions, it is also clear that it will have a certain impact on the EU economy. Such sanctions are never without consequences. "We are confronted with a possible military aggression in Europe that endangers the entire European security order. "We should also accept that there will be some costs." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg