Keegan Baker (played by Zack Morris) first arrived in Walford five years ago and has been dealt a host of hard-hitting storylines during his time on the BBC soap. However, he will soon be saying goodbye to the square with EastEnders’ official Instagram page announcing his departure on Wednesday. Sharing the news, EastEnders posted an image of Zack as Keegan next to his sandwich truck. The caption read: “EastEnders is set to say goodbye to Keegan, aka [Zack Morris].” Commenting on his time in Walford, Zack said: ”After five beautiful years on this incredible show, I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. “This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart.” Read more: Anna Karen dead: EastEnders star dies in horror fire “The cast and crew of this show deserve every accolade that comes their way,” he continued. “The hard work, love and dedication that goes into making four episodes a week is immense and it's not to be taken lightly. “This show has given me so much, not just as an actor but as a man.” “These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life.” “I will forever see this whole experience as the biggest blessing I could have ever asked for. I loved every second,” Zack remarked. Head of Continuing Drama at BBC Studios Kate Oates, added: “Zack has been an incredible asset to EastEnders; not just as a brilliant actor, but as an amazing company member. “As a founder member of the Taylor-Bakers, Zack has shone in important narratives such as the knife crime story; he’s broken hearts with his beautiful relationship with Tiffany Butcher; and is soon to take centre stage again as his sister’s killer is unmasked. “We will miss Keegan from our screens, and Zack from our Elstree family. He’s a great talent, and we wish him well for the future.” DON'T MISSEastEnders heartbreak for Carter family as Tina's body found? [THEORY]EastEnders exit as Stacey Slater flees to help Kheerat evade police? [INSIGHT]EastEnders injustice as Kheerat Panesar exits after killing Gray [SPOILER] The Instagram post concluded: “Keegan will leave Walford later this year. We will all miss Zack (and his cheeky smile) very much!” Zack’s co-stars rushed to praise the actor as Zack Hudson star James Farrar wrote: “LOVE YOU SON.” Danielle Harold who plays Lola Pearce added: “We love you @_zack_morris you definitely made your mark on the square we will miss you.” EastEnders icon Natalie Cassidy commented: “@_zack_morris I love you so much… YOU KNOW.” Keegan’s sister Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer) was tragically killed in 2020 but the Taylor-Baker family have no idea her husband Gray Atkins (Toby Alexander-Smith) was responsible. The budding entrepreneur was extremely grateful to Gray when the lawyer took him under his wing and invested in his sandwich business. Keegan will understandably be horrified when he discovers what really happened to his sister and may blame himself for not realising the truth sooner. EastEnders fans will have to wait till later in the year to watch Keegan’s exit unfold. EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.