Which? has issued a warning to British tourists over new holiday scams from fraudsters. It said one of the cruellest scams has targeted people waiting for refunds from cancelled holidays. Cold-hearted scammers are calling travellers and impersonating airlines or travel agents claiming they need bank details. They are then using this information to steal from the customer and some fraudsters are even using legitimate phone details. Some scammers have found out victims’ holiday details and used them to trick unsuspecting tourists. Which? also said that scam companies are selling fake holidays using adverts on social media. READ MORE: 'Stay away’: Cruise guests name the worst type of room Customers are enticed to click through to a website and book a non-existent holiday on the scam sites. It said some customers don’t realise they have been scammed until they turn up at the airport or accommodation. Scammers have also created scam emails pretending to be the NHS. Emails invite customers to apply for a digital vaccine passport. The scam then steals a customer’s personal information. Which? added that some companies are charging customers to register for a GHIC. The GHIC (Global Health Insurance Card) was introduced to replace the EHIC after Brexit. It is free and British tourists do not have to pay for one. Scammers have also been charging British tourists (£75) for passenger locator forms. The compulsory forms are available on the UK Government website for free but some scam websites appeared higher in Google results than the official website. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel said: “Criminals are exploiting the pandemic and the demand for holidays in a wide range of ways, laying new traps to trick unsuspecting travellers out of their money. “Our advice for consumers is to be wary of unsolicited calls and messages, and be cautious about holiday deals from unfamiliar firms. “If you think you’ve been the victim of a scam, you should report this to Action Fraud and your bank. “Anyone who is struggling to get their money back from their bank should contact the Financial Ombudsman Service to review their case.” One banking professional told Which? she received a scam email from a website pretending to be the NHS. She said it told her she could apply for a free Covid passport. She said she believed the form was genuine as it looked like the real NHS website. She entered her personal information and provided her credit card details for a postage fee. After realising something was wrong she reported the incident to her credit card company and ended up cancelling her card. She also reported the scam to Action Fraud. She said: “Within an hour, when I revisited the fraudulent website, it had been taken down. Even though I’ve protected my card, I can’t do anything about the leak of my personal details to the fraudster.”