Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, predicted that Storm Gladys and Storm Hermann - the next two storms on the Met Office's list of named storms - will hit in the next few months. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Dale warned that this time of year can bring "some of the snowiest" conditions. The Met Office says that storms are named based on the "impact the weather may have", using their National Severe Weather Warnings service. A storm will be named when it has the potential to cause an amber or red warning. Speaking about the weather in March, Mr Dale said: "In terms of big events, as in Storm Gladys finally getting onto the stage and Storm Hermann to follow. "Very often, March can deliver big winds and it can deliver short-lived snow events. "It can do that. "And historically it has done that. "The first half of march is sometimes on paper some of the snowiest stuff we've seen in any form of winter. "It comes in later rather than sooner, so this is entirely possible. "Somewhere in the early Spring, I'm pretty sure we'll see Gladys and Hermann to follow." This comes after the UK was hit with three named storms in a row - Storm Dudley, Storm Eunice, and Storm Franklin - in February. READ MORE: Cold Icelandic blast to bring 17cm snow and -8C icy wind The storms caused mass disruption across the UK, with the Met Office issuing multiple "danger to life warnings". Mr Dale also warned that while Spring begins on March 1, the UK is still likely to be hit with further wintry weather. He said: "Meteorological spring starts on March 1st. "That isn't to say for one second that we won't see a wintry blast again. DON'T MISS: Met Office snow alert as SUBZERO 'polar airstream' to blast Britain [REPORT] Spring sunshine to defrost UK this weekend as weather warnings removed [INSIGHT] Is it cold enough for a cold weather payment? You could be due £25 [ANALYSIS] "We will see frost, for example, as we go through that first week of March. We will see that. "We probably will see some more snow for the Highlands." Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted up to 5cm of snow in Manchester by Friday, March 4. Regions between Edinburgh and Newcastle will see a total of 3cm of snow, the forecaster has predicted. Meanwhile, Scotland will see up 1cm of snow per hour across the day. Cold wind will cause most of the UK to feel sub-zero, with Scotland feeling as cold as -4C. Wind speeds will reach a maximum of 62km/h over the first weekend of March.