A vicious battle is currently raging on the streets of Kharkiv. More than 360,000 Ukrainians have fled the city. Kharkiv is Ukraine’s second-largest city.  It has come under attack as a 39-hour curfew is enforced in the capital Kyiv amid rocket attacks by Russian forces. In an address to the Ukrainian nation president Volodymyr Zelenskyy warned that further attacks were planned by Russia. He accused Russia of deliberately choosing tactics to hurt people, such as sabotage and bombarding civilian areas. Mr Zelenskyy said: “The past night in Ukraine was brutal, again shooting, again bombardments of residential areas, civilian infrastructure,”   “They are going to bomb our Ukrainian cities even more, they are going to kill our children even more subtly. "This is the evil that has come to our land and must be destroyed.” Below is an image of suspected Russian saboteurs, wearing Ukrainian uniforms. They have been apprehended by Ukrainian authorities. Also, there is an image of a burnt-out Russian tank.    READ MORE: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires spectacularly The below image shows an ambulance driving along an empty street during a curfew. The curfew was imposed from Saturday 5pm to Monday 8am local time in Kyiv. The below imagery shows explosions and gunfire around Kyiv as Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues. The invasion has killed many so far and prompted widespread condemnation from US and European leaders.    DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUEJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Journalist blasted for 'anti-Brexit flag flying' in commentary The below imagery shows Ukrainian servicemen taking up positions at the military airbase Vasylkiv in the Kyiv region, Ukraine. The US and Turkey have both reportedly offered president Zelenskyy an evacuation out of Ukraine. However, he has refused to leave. The Washington Post has quoted Mr Zelenskyy as saying: “The fight is here. "I need ammunition, not a ride.” 