Millions of people in retirement have money knocked off their state pension because they were once a member of a company pension scheme or took out a personal pension. These deductions go by a variety of names, such as CODs, COPEs and GMPs amongst others. However, many people have no idea where these numbers came from or even whether they are correct. A new guide published today by LCP aims to help Britons understand their state pension better. In its new paper “Why is money being deducted from my state pension?” LCP explains the history of ‘contracting out’ of the state pension and how it affects people’s state pension today. The guide details the basics of ‘contracting out’, including the differences between contracting out of a final salary type (Defined Benefit) pension and a pot of money (Defined Contribution) arrangement. It also discusses how contracting out affects those who come under the new state pension and explains why even those with more than 35 years of NI contributions can fall short of the new flat rate, particularly in the early years of the new scheme. READ MORE: TV licence fee warning: What you should be aware of if enforcement officer turns up Sir Steve Webb, partner at LCP and former pensions minister, said: “State pension statements and forecasts are full of jargon and abbreviations which can make little sense. “The biggest confusions arise around contracting out – periods when individuals were members of a company or private pension which is meant to replace part of their state pension. “Probably the most commonly asked question in pensions is, ‘Why is money being deducted from my state pension?’, and we hope that this new guide will help to answer that question in plain English. “The most important thing to understand is that contracting out was a deal where individuals benefited from lower NI contributions whilst in work in return for giving up rights to part of their state pension in retirement.” DON'T MISSState pension age ‘to soar past 70 as axe falls on triple lock’ [WARNING]They class state pension as a benefit!' Pensioner devastated to lose £67 Carer's Allowance [ALERT]War fears wipe £54bn from UK shares - global economy faces terrifying ‘polar vortex’ [INSIGHT] Although contracting out was abolished more than five years ago, Sir Steve said its impact can still be seen in the pensions of millions of people both in retirement and yet to retire. Sir Steve concluded: “We hope that this guide will help those people understand this impact and to check if their pension is correct." The guide also explains how contracting out of personal pensions worked in a different way to contracting out via a salary-related pension. The worker benefited from a rebate of National Insurance contributions which was paid into a personal pension and invested. However, it was not a guarantee that the retirement fund generated was more than the state pension someone had given up. This depended on the investment performance of the pot, as well and annuity rates at the time an individual retired. LCP explained that most people in this kind of pension will have a deduction from their state pension which does not exactly match the private pension they built up in replacement. In some cases, the deduction will exceed the amount of private pension built up. Although contracting out was abolished for salary-related pensions in April 2016, past contracting out is still reflected in calculations for the new state pension. Those who have years of contributions from 2016/17 onwards can gradually ‘burn off’ the deductions for past contracting out. Eventually they may be able to build up a full new flat rate pension in addition to their contracted out pension. But LCP warned that in the early years of the new scheme, deductions for past contracting out can still leave them short of the full flat rate, even if they have 35 or more years of NI contributions. In the case of occupational pensions, in general the scheme as a whole was either contracted out or not contracted out. Individual members did not make an individual choice about whether or not to be contracted out. LCP said that many people will not not recall deciding whether or not to contract out. This is because they simply joined a pension scheme which was run on a contracted out basis. State pension forecasts now contain a ‘COPE’ figure – the contracted out pension equivalent. This is an indication from the Government of the occupational or personal pension which the individual might be getting from a contracted out pension arrangement. However, this has already been used in the calculation of state pension, so LCP said there is no need for people to do additional calculations using the COPE when they receive their state pension statement.