Millions of people are missing out on state benefits worth hundreds of pounds each, according to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). However, it’s easy to apply for Cold Weather, Warm Home Discount and Winter Fuel Payments which could make all the difference this winter.   The cost of living has hit a 30 year high leaving many families struggling to make ends meet. However, there is help available for people on certain benefits like Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Jobseeker's Allowance which could help them pay their energy bills. There’s never been a more important time to check whether people are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Official figures show that £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. READ MORE: Inheritance tax explained: Your guide to HMRC rules and allowances     A Cold Weather Payment of £25 is made to people on certain benefits every time the temperature drops below zero, or is predicted to fall, for seven consecutive days. Some areas like Braemar in Scotland are due a triple Cold Weather Payment of £75 so far this winter. The DWP has made payments to over 3,994,000 eligible claimants across the country between November 1, 2020 to January 7, 2022 to help with rising energy bills. Britons will usually receive a Cold Weather Payment if they receive Pension Credit, Income Support, income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Universal Credit or support for mortgage interest.  DON'T MISSBasic Income pilot to provide 500 people with £19,200 a year [UPDATE]'Why is money deducted from my state pension?' New guide explains [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis: Can you beat hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell? [ANALYSIS]  People don’t usually need to claim a Cold Weather Payment as it’s paid automatically to those who are eligible. However, they can put their postcode into the Cold Weather Payment checker to see if there is one due for their area. Winter Fuel Payments between £100 and £300 are made every winter to people who were born on or before September 26, 1955 to help them pay for heating bills. To qualify, claimants will need to be receiving the state pension and another social security benefit. Meanwhile, Britons receiving Pension Credit should also receive a £140 rebate on their energy bill from their provider. The Warm Home Discount scheme is also available to those on a low income although for this 'broader group', who gets it is decided by the energy provider in collaboration with the DWP. Most energy companies are signed up to the scheme and tend to prioritise older people as well as those on low incomes, according to financial journalist Martin Lewis. It’s a one-off discount on someone’s electricity bill, paid between October and March. The good news is that people can still qualify for this on top of Cold Weather Payments and a Winter Fuel Payment. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Which energy suppliers offer the Warm Home Discount? There’s a comprehensive list of participating energy suppliers on Gov.uk. It also has information on what to do if one’s energy supplier has gone bust. Those who qualify should still receive a discount of £140 off their energy bill.