Gary Neville has demanded that Manchester United appoint an elite manager as their long-term boss in the summer. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November, with Ralf Rangnick coming in as his replacement until the end of the season. But while results have improved in that time, performances have continued to be underwhelming, with the German unlikely to retain the role beyond this summer. Three men are understood to be leading candidates for the permanent job, with Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag and Luis Enrique on the shortlist. Pochettino appears set to leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the current campaign following a mixed spell in the French capital. Neville has previously called for the Argentine boss to be appointed by United as the long-term replacement for Solskjaer. And the Red Devils legend has now reiterated those calls, insisting an elite manager is needed if the club are to compete for the Premier League title. JUST IN: Man Utd star Fernandes responds after Scholes calls him 'too soft' “In the summer, they have got big appointments to make, namely the manager,” Neville told Sky Sports of United’s managerial search. “The manager has got to be right next season to be able to take on Tuchel, Guardiola and Klopp because if you don't take on those three with a manager who can face them like-for-like, you will get beat up. “It has been proven over the last few years that great managers in this league will bring you great things. “Manchester United need a great manager to compete with the ones that are at that level in this league at this moment in time.” DON'T MISS: Man Utd boost as Atletico Madrid have four injury scares for CL clash (INJURIES)Man Utd's latest senior appointment 'apologises' for Woodward comments (NEWS)Man Utd told of 'incredible' left-field appointment as next manager (INSIGHT) Though he has pulled United back into contention for finishing in the top four, Neville does not believe Rangnick should be handed the role on a permanent basis. Instead, he believes the German should transition as planned to an advisory role, using the insight he has gained during his interim spell in charge. “I think Rangnick has found it more difficult than he imagined at the beginning,” Neville added. “The run of results have been good during his time in charge so far and the fixtures have been good as well, but he has done what he had to do in the fixtures. “I don't think he gets the job at the end of the season, come what may, now. Manchester United will have a new manager next season. “I think he will have a say in who gets the job because what he has got is a real good view of the characters, personalities, performance levels and training levels of the current group of players. “He is probably in the strongest position to advise because he is having day-to-day contact with them. “He has got good experience around building structures in football clubs and Manchester United do need that.”