Peaky Blinders is back on BBC One with Cillian Murphy reprising his role as the troubled Tommy Shelby. Tommy was in a very dark place at the end of season five and in the new TV series, he heads off to North America where he finds new opportunities. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how long the final season will air for. Fans were worried for Tommy Shelby's fate after he pointed a gun at his own head in the season five finale. The season six premiere should resolve the cliffhanger pretty quickly, with Murphy hinting answers will be given in the first 10 minutes. He said: "A lot of what happens in that first 10 minutes becomes the engine for the rest of the story and for the rest of the series. "I think it'll be a very, very satisfying opening ten minutes for audience members. "Steve Knight is amazing at writing these cliffhangers where you think, 'How can the character possibly continue?' Or 'How can he [Steven Knight] write himself out of this one?' READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? "And he always does, in a very unexpected way. He's done it again with this." The final season will be made up of six episodes and they will air weekly on Sundays at 9pm. A synopsis for the first two episodes has been provided and Tommy finds himself caught up in more danger. In the premiere episode, titled Black Day, he sets off for North America where he faces new opportunities at the end of Prohibition. In the second instalment, titled Black Shirt, he gets involved in a power struggle with fascists, freedom fighters and Boston gangsters. With the episodes airing weekly, fans can expect the grand finale to take place on April 3. The final season continues to highlight real historical events, weaving them in with the fictional characters. There is a time jump this season, with the story taking place in 1934. Murphy said: "Historically, we know where that was headed in terms of the rise of fascism and everything. "But he [Steve] also brings in a few new characters that are unexpected. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders: Lizzie Shelby actress teases emotional final scenes [INTERVIEW] Cillian Murphy details one thing he 'hates' about Peaky Blinders [INSIGHT] Peaky Blinders film confirms two iconic characters after season 6 [DISCUSSION] "Some are real-life historical characters and others are based on real-life historical characters but they're all very, very interesting. "Again, Tommy's rise is at the centre of it all – he's a legal bookmaker, then all of a sudden he becomes an MP and now he's mixing with Churchill. "And it goes beyond that again in the next series." Although the series will not go beyond season six, a film will be released to conclude Tommy's story. Production will begin in 2023 in Birmingham, with statements suggesting the movie could be set beyond the Second World War. There is also talk of a potential spin-off series inspired by and including characters from the original show. Back in 2021 Knight said he hoped other shows will come out of the huge success story. If this was not enough, a dance production titled Peaky Blinders: The Redemption of Thomas Shelby will follow Tommy and Grace Burgess' (Annabelle Wallis) romance. The decision to end the original series after six seasons had been made long ago. Knight said he had always wanted the show to end with "the first air raid siren in Birmingham in 1939".  Peaky Blinders airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm.