Arsenal are in desperate need of a new striker and they have identified Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez as a primary target, but the 24-year-old has made a decision on his future with the Serie A Champions. Arsenal are likely to go all out for a new striker in the summer, after a disastrous effort in the recent January transfer window. Mikel Arteta set his sights on Dusan Vlahovic as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang forced his way out, but the Serbian made the move to Juventus as Arsenal were left short-handed. The Gunners have now identified Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez as the next best option, and they could launch a huge bid for the Argentinian due to uncertainty over the immediate futures of Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah. And ahead of the summer, Martinez has made a decision over his future at Inter. JUST IN: Declan Rice has clear 'first choice' between Chelsea and Man Utd if he leaves West Ham  Martinez has been linked with a number of Premier League sides, as he and Romelu Lukaku formed a brilliant partnership at Inter last season, which brought them the Serie A title for the first time in a decade. Lukaku got his £97.5million move to Chelsea in the summer, and Martinez was handed a brand new contract at Inter, extending his stay until 2026. Despite the new deal, he continues to be linked with the Premier League, but Arsenal are set to be handed yet another transfer blow as Martinez' agent claims that he is happy in Milan. The 24-year-old's agent, Alejandro Camano, said: "There are no problems. Lautaro Martinez is not going to leave as he's really happy at Inter. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'tentative interest' in £50m striker who West Ham had bid rejected for [GOSSIP]Lionel Messi 'will return' to Barcelona as Maradona's son predicts imminent switch [QUOTES]Man Utd may get chance to hire better manager than Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino [OPINION]  "Lautaro doesn’t think about himself, he only thinks about Inter. He wants to help and wants fans to be happy. "Lautaro wants Inter to win, he is not interested in personal success. We must remain calm because Lautaro is happy at Inter and is happy with Inter fans." Martinez has seen a slight dip in form in front of goal, and Inter missed the chance to go top of Serie A on Friday after AC Milan slipped up against Udinese. However, Camano doesn't seem bothered by this, and is sure that his client will get back amongst the goals this season, with Inter favourites to retain the Serie A title. "He will return to scoring, that’s for sure," Camano added.  Martinez has still found the net on 12 occasions this season, although in a slightly less prolific 33 games, but with a game in hand on their rival Milan side they are still expected to move top of the league. Arsenal are desperate for a new striker, as Lacazette and Nketiah are out of contract this summer, and with Aubameyang already leaving the club, they would be left with no natural no.9 options. It's a problem that remains, as Arteta has never signed a striker since taking charge in December 2019, although he has purchased players in every other role. Arsenal have to get it right in the summer if they are to have any chance of a successful season, but they may have to look elsewhere with Martinez seemingly happy in Milan. The Gunners have also been linked with Alexander Isak at Real Sociedad, but his £75m release clause remains a stumbling block. 