Andy Murray’s former coach has compared the world No 89 with his new protégé Denis Shapovalov. Jamie Delgado split with Murray after more than five years together during the offseason and is now working with the Canadian world No 14. Murray has been unable to find a replacement for the British coach but is set to announce a short-term solution while he searches for a new mentor. Delgado joined Murray’s team in 2016, which ended up being the most successful season of the 34-year-old’s career as he won his third Grand Slam at Wimbledon, second Olympic gold in Rio, and reached world No 1 for the first time. He stuck by the three-time Major champion during his years of injury woes, including his comeback from hip resurfacing surgery in 2019, but the pair mutually agreed to end their coaching partnership at the end of 2021. The Brit went on to join 22-year-old Shapovalov’s team while Murray underwent a trial period with German coach Jan De Witt but confirmed they would not be continuing their partnership after the world No 89 suffered a disappointing second-round loss at the Australian Open. Murray, who has already confirmed he will be skipping the clay-court swing this year, has since revealed that he has a short-term coach lined up for the period leading up to the grass season after his former mentor Dani Vallverdu stepped in last-minute to travel to Rotterdam, Doha and Dubai. JUST IN: Raducanu given reason to be cheery with huge prediction amid injuries  "I've spoken to a couple of people. I got some stuff lined up post Miami. Not for the Miami/Indian Wells stretch. I still need to find someone to cover that time - obviously someone to cover a majority of the weeks,” he said after losing to Jannik Sinner in the second round of the Dubai ATP 500. "I have someone in the short-term who's going to help me through until the grass season. You guys will be hearing about that in the next few days, I'd imagine." While the former world No 1 is still struggling to find a replacement for Delgado, the British coach has enjoyed success with Shapovalov who started his season by winning the ATP Cup with Felix Auger-Aliassime and made the Aussie Open quarters. “He’s a great guy, he really wants to improve and I think our goals are the same,” Delgado said of his new young charge, speaking to Prime Video with Shapovalov now in the Dubai semi-finals. DON’T MISSMedvedev explains how Liverpool star Mo Salah left him 'super happy'Djokovic blasts BBC over controversial interview - 'I was humiliated'Medvedev shares confusion at Djokovic texts after reaching Nadal clash  The retired former pro also shared his enthusiasm at joining the Canadian’s team at an earlier stage in his career, while Murray was already a two-time Grand Slam champion when they started their partnership. He continued: “I think it’s exciting for me, he’s at a totally different stage in his career to Andy where Andy has won everything and he’s been around the block 50 times and knows everything. And Denis is trying to get onto that next step and really challenge for the biggest titles.” The 44-year-old also said he was hoping to use his work with Murray to help guide the 22-year-old to his own huge success. “So it’s my job to sort of help him along that process and explain how, from my experience with Andy, how he went about his business and see if a little bit can rub off on Denis,” he added. Complimenting Shapovalov’s ball speed off both the forehand and backhand, Delgado admitted he had been helping the world No 14 improve his shot selection and his ability to finish points at the net. “Physically he’s in great shape, moves very well. I think there’s areas there as well he could do more in but he’s naturally a good athlete,” he explained “So there’s a lot to work with, we’re just kind of piecing it all together. “In terms of outcome, we’ve not really set any concrete goals. More in himself to be honest and how he can maximise his game and his approach off the court as well. “There’s some areas there that he needs a bit of work on and that will take time and I believe the results will come when he takes care of that.”