Tube strikes and a number of planned essential work will be carried out this weekend, causing closures to several London Underground lines. To prevent getting stuck this weekend, keep note of the following tube lines to avoid. Victoria and Central line - Strike action is due to take place from 7pm, with little to no service throughout the night. Passengers are advised to use the Overground or London Buses. Northern line - This line will experience Part Closure, with no service between Moorgate and Kennington due to the major upgrade works. This line will remain part closed until mid-May. READ MORE: Northern Line closure map: The exact stations that will be closed  Victoria and Central line - Strike action is due to take place from 7pm, with little to no service throughout the night. Passengers are again advised to take the Overground or London Buses. District line - There will be no service between Earls Court and Wimbledon. Replacement buses will be in operation instead. London Overground - This will operate on a reduced service. There will be no service between Willesden Junction and Richmond, and there will be changes to Stratford, Richmond and Clapham train times. Commuters are advised to use the District line between Gunnersbury, Kew Gardens, and Richmond.  Northern line - As mentioned, will have Part Closure, with no service between Moorgate and Kennington due to the major upgrade works. TFL Rail - Part Closure, operating four trains an hour. This will take place all day between Paddington and Hayes & Harlington. Trains will not call at Acton Main Line, West Ealing, and Hanwell. Victoria and Central line - Strike action will take place again from 7pm, with little to no service throughout the night. Passengers are again advised to take the Overground or London Buses. DON'T MISS: Drivers fury over hours of traffic delays at retail park [INSIGHT]‘Avoid!’ British expat favourite Benidorm slammed [REVEAL]Ryanair suspends all flights in and out of Ukraine [ANALYSIS]     District line - There will still be no service between Earls Court and Wimbledon. Replacement buses will be in operation. London Overground - This line will remain partially closed, with no service between Willesden Junction and Richmond. TFL Rail - There will be no service between Liverpool Street and Shenfield. Commuters are advised to use London Underground connection services between Liverpool Street and Stratford instead. Replacement buses will be in operation. Trains from Paddington to Reading will be re-timed all day, and there will be no service between Paddington and Ealing Broadway. Northern line - Part Closure, with no service between Moorgate and Kennington. RMT, The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers, released a statement on Thursday confirming its members will take strike action as planned over London Underground’s continuing refusal to give assurances on jobs, pensions, and working conditions. For more information on TFL line closures, visit the website here.