First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is set to make an announcement of the legal Covid restrictions in Scotland in Parliament on Tuesday. MSP Murdo Fraser hit out at the SNP leader, suggesting she was holding Scotland back with her apparent refusal to ease restrictions across the nation. Prime Minister Boris Johnson already announced the relaxation of self-isolation Covid rules for Brits, which will kick in by the end of the week.  Wales has also eased restrictions, Mr Fraser expressed a hopeful sentiment that First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will follow the same direction and announce the scrapping of certain rules. BBC The Nine host Laura Maciver said: "There were some disagreements among the UK Cabinet today, ahead of this announcement but they've signed it off and it's been done. "Is this the right thing, would you say at the right time for England?" Mr Fraser said: "Yes I think it probably is, I think we're seeing that we're winning the battle against Covid, it's not over yet. "But the success has been remarkable, success of the vaccination programme is providing a level of protection to the great majority of our citizens. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms     The Scottish Conservatives MSP added: "I think its quite right to start relaxing restrictions, and imparticular..." Ms Maciver said: "What do you think about here in Scotland? What do you think should happen? "The ending of the legal requirement to self-isolate in England has been controversial. Let's take it step by step, what do you make of that move?" Mr Fraser said: "Well I think it's rather strange that it's controversial, of course, there has never been in Scotland a legal requirement to self-isolate apart from international travellers. READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop     Mr Fraser added: "In Scotland, we relied on public health advice being followed by people. "So I find it strange that people regard this as a major change in England, it's just bringing England into line with the situation in Scotland that's worked very happily for the last two years. "Because we know we can trust people to follow the public health advice. "Now on the broader picture, what we've seen over the past two weeks is first of all Wales removing nearly all restrictions, Northern Ireland last week removed all legal restrictions. DON’T MISS: Expert warns China laser shot in Aussie waters 'closest attempt at military intimidation'Russia troops being pulled back from Ukraine border: Statement IN FULLMount Etna erupts again spewing a seven-mile ash cloud into the sky seen by astronauts He added: "And in England today, the Prime Minister of the UK signalled the same from the end of the week. "So Scotland is now the outlier of all parts of the United Kingdom, maintaining the level of restrictions we have and I think it would be very strange and very difficult to understand if tomorrow Nicola Sturgeon didn't announce a major relaxation to restrictions." As the rolling back of pandemic rules and regulations eases across the UK, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been expected to announce the same. Mr Sturgeon said: "There will be a lot of optimism around what I set out, but I've got to be frank with people - we are still in a pandemic of this virus, we know from past experience that new variants can come about and cause new challenges. 