Scotland’s World Cup qualification play-off against Ukraine is under threat after the Eastern European country suspended its football league. The move comes in the wake of an invasion of Ukraine by Russia. Russian president Vladimir Putin ordered the full-scale invasion early on Thursday morning, with fighting breaking out across Ukraine’s borders. Missiles have been launched into the country with tanks and troops moving across the border from both Belarus and Russia. Explosions have been seen in many cities, with air raid sirens also sounding in Ukraine’s capital Kyiv. There are now major fears that Russia will occupy their neighbour, with countries across the world gearing up to hit the invaders with heavy sanctions. With Ukraine coming under attack, the country’s sporting authorities have now taken steps to turn their attention to that threat. JUST IN: England's World Cup qualification reflects excellently on Mikel Arteta As a result, the Ukrainian Premier League has been paused for a minimum of 30 days in the wake of the invasion. The division was scheduled to restart on Friday following its winter break with Zoria travelling to Minaj. But it has now been confirmed that all matches have been delayed following the implementation of martial law by Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The news is yet to be published on the league’s official website, with the fixture list also yet to be updated. DON'T MISS: Story behind the Qatar World Cup and the legacy it will leave behind (INSIGHT)Gary Lineker weighs in on taking World Cup deal like David Beckham (NEWS)Beckham slammed over controversial World Cup deal (ANALYSIS) The suspension of the Ukrainian top-flight also now puts Scotland’s World Cup play-off against the country under serious threat. Steve Clarke’s side were set to host Ukraine on 24 March at Hampden Park, but it is unknown if that game can now take place. The vast majority of Oleksandr Petrakov’s squad currently play in the Ukrainian Premier League. Whether they will be able to make the trip or feel ready to face Scotland with their country under attack is unlikely. When the draw was made, Clarke admitted that his side faced a tough test against a team that reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2020. “I don't think it matters who we were going to get in the semi-final it was always going to be tough. We'll go away, do our homework and try and come up with the winning formula,” he said. “At the moment, the way the team is playing, the confidence the boys have got we'd have been happy to play anyone, anywhere. “It's a home tie, with a full house - we've seen the value of that in the last two games against Israel and Denmark. It should give us an extra boost, but it will be down to the lads on the pitch.”