Attendance Allowance aims to help cover the extra costs one has due to a disability, condition or illness that is severe enough to require assistance. However, successfully claiming this benefit could see recipients receiving much more such as council tax reductions, railcards and tax credits. Many disability and health benefits provided by the Department for Work and Pension are often intertwined, meaning successful claimants could be eligible for far more than just their benefit payment. Attendance Allowance claimants may be eligible for one of the following additional benefits and assistance depending on their individual circumstances. Claimants could get Council Tax Reduction assistance when claiming Attendance Allowance or could increase their reduction if they are already receiving one. READ MORE: TV licence fee warning: What you should be aware of if enforcement officer turns up Individuals will need to consult their local council to see what reductions they could be getting, the details of which they can find on Gov.uk. Some people apply for the benefit that relates directly to them and simply leave it at that, not knowing they could be missing out on hundreds every month. Attendance Allowance claimants can check if they are also eligible for Universal Credit and Pension Credit. If they have applied in the past for these and been rejected it may be worth trying again now that they are claiming Attendance Allowance. Additionally, if claimants are already receiving other benefits when they apply for Attendance Allowance they could be able to increase their payments or tax credits. Claimants can contact the benefit office that deals with their other benefits to inform them that they are receiving Attendance Allowance to see what else they could be eligible for. Attendance Allowance recipients could receive Disabled Person’s Railcards or a Blue Badge. These schemes are designed to help the less physically-abled to get around easier and at a cheaper rate. Attendance Allowance does not require one to actually have a carer but rather just to prove that they need the assistance. However, those that do have a carer should inform them that they could get Carer’s Allowance. Carer’s Allowance has its own range of eligibility criteria which can be found on Gov.uk. The world of benefits and entitlements can be incredibly complex but there is a range of assistance available to claimants before they even apply. Charities across the UK provide information and assistance for benefits systems and applications. Many are focused on specific groups that they are available to assist or the type of benefit they are experts on. Age UK and Scope are ideally situated to help claimants with Attendance Allowance.