England hero Gary Lineker has singled out a particularly eye-catching Liverpool penalty during Sunday's tense shootout with Chelsea. The Reds prevailed after a hard-fought encounter, lifting the trophy after its destination was decided in dramatic fashion. Sunday afternoon saw Wembley host what many considered to be one of the most exciting goalless draws in recent memory. Chelsea, and particularly Mason Mount, were left to regret a host of clear-cut chances which went begging. A total of four goals were in the back of the net, all of which eventually disallowed, before the contest reached its deafening crescendo. After a streak of 21 successful penalties, the last remaining player on the pitch, Kepa Arrizabalaga, stepped up to try and keep the tie alive for Thomas Tuchel's men. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola aims subtle dig at Man Utd when discussing five Man City rivals  And having been brought on specifically for the shootout, the Spaniard skied his effort to see Liverpool claim their first Carabao Cup since 2012. Kepa hardly showered himself in glory when attempting to keep the Reds at bay either, which was exemplified when Virgil van Dijk stepped up to the spot. In an attempt to psych out his opponent, the goalkeeper stood well over to the right side of his goal, leaving a tempting open space on the left. The domineering centre-back paid it no mind though, smashing it to the top corner which Kepa supposedly had covered, before brutally staring down the 27-year-old on his way back to the halfway line. DON'T MISSArsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in Carabao Cup final[OPINION]Man Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba[REPORT]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION] Lineker emphasised the spot-kick on Monday afternoon, stating on social media: "This is definitely in my top 10 favourite penalties." Back-up stopper Caoimhin Kelleher also stepped up to convert his penalty as the Reds claimed their first trophy of the season, with three more still on the table. The Premier League was almost kind to Jurgen Klopp and co too, but for Manchester City's late winner against Everton which saw them restore a six-point buffer at the top of the table. "It’s a big one for us because it’s the first time for this group [to win the Carabao Cup] but the ninth time for the club, which is very important as well," said Klopp after the final whistle at Wembley. "Our fans were obviously quite happy about the whole thing tonight, the atmosphere was outstanding, I really loved it. "And after the game it was nice to celebrate with the people after a long time without having any reason to celebrate something, or not the opportunity to celebrate something. "So, I’m really happy about the whole thing."