Liverpool take on Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final tomorrow (Sunday, 4.30pm) as they look to win a domestic cup competition for the first time since 2012. The Reds are on a nine-game winning streak across all competitions and can become the first team ever to win the League Cup a ninth time. Express Sport looks into three tough decisions Jurgen Klopp has to make. Joel Matip's lovely run and finish in the 6-0 league win over Leeds on Wednesday night was his first goal since December 2020 and he has been superb this season. But summer signing Ibrahima Konate has also been faultless in his 15 appearances this term and replaced Matip to play the second 45 minutes of the semi-final second-leg win over Arsenal last month. Does Matip start a second straight match or does Frenchman Konate come in to deal with the likes of Kai Havertz and Hakim Ziyech? It is a tough call for Klopp. Matip is surely the man who will get the nod given his form across the campaign and his brilliant partnership with Van Dijk, though there would be few concerns if Konate gets the honour instead. MUST READ: Chelsea vs Liverpool: Carabao Cup final 'to make big Ukraine gesture' Asked about his midfield depth after Liverpool beat Leeds, Klopp said admitted he has "really luxury problems" in the position. The truth is that if fully fit, two-thirds of Liverpool's midfield starts itself. Fabinho and Thiago are unbeaten in 19 appearances together, winning 18 of them, and they are two truly world-class operators. Liverpool have conceded six and scored 50 in those games. But who comes in alongside them? It is surely between Henderson and Naby Keita even though Elliott, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Milner are also in the mix. Henderson is the likeliest man to come in. He has impressed in Fabinho's role of late but the captain also helped restore some tempo against Leeds when he replaced Thiago in a more advanced position. The enterprising Keita is probably the strongest alternative option given how Chelsea are expected to sit deep in their numbers. Luis Diaz's 328 minutes so far in a Liverpool shirt hint he will be a big success. The lively Colombian has started the last two matches, and scored his first goal against Norwich, due to Diogo Jota being out with an ankle injury. The Portuguese, Liverpool's second-highest goalscorer this season with 17 goals including three in the League Cup, is expected to make the match-day squad here though. Klopp must decide whether Jota starts or is only among the substitutes. Were Jota coming into this game fully match sharp, there is no doubting that he would be selected alongside Sadio Mane and Salah. But after a few games out, Klopp might decide to go with the fresher Diaz from the off especially with Jota having scored five goals as a substitute since joining 18 months ago. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte lifts lid on Levy talks after outburstMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick highlights unsung hero he could useMan Utd speak out on Aeroflot sponsorship after UK's Russia sanctions The German will be delighted to have either Jota or Diaz to call upon off the bench while Takumi Minamino and Divock Origi have a combined six goals in this competition this term and are other handy reserves. Expected Liverpool XI to face Chelsea (4-3-3): Kelleher; Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson; Fabinho, Henderson, Thiago; Salah, Mane, Diaz. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here