An expert shared his insight into when camping and caravan holidays will resume this year and unveiled the best time to book a staycation to find the cheapest possible deal. UK Country Manager at sharing economy platform for campervans and motorhome Camptoo, Ed Bassett, explained camping and caravan trips have already started this year. He said: "We’re already seeing people setting off on their staycations and camping trips, despite the time of year. "In fact, just under 20 percent of bookings in the last month are for February travel – one of the coldest months of the year! "Winter and shoulder season travel is becoming increasingly popular, with fewer crowds and cheaper accommodation and campsite options. READ MORE: Travel agent shares best day to 'bag a bargain' on summer holidays  "The most popular destinations in the past month are Scotland, Cornwall, and the Lake District, which are the typical staycation hotspots." The camping expert recommended "booking as soon as possible ahead of your trip to ensure the best possible prices and wide campervan availability". He added: "Also, consider travelling during the shoulder seasons (March to June and September to October) where you can expect to make savings of around 10 to 30 percent when hiring a Camptoo vehicle. "  Ed said "it’s not too late" to book a camping summer holiday this month, but he advised "booking as early as possible" is often the best option. This is "to ensure you get your first choice vehicle and location, particularly in popular beauty spots such as Cornwall and Scotland". In terms of caravans, however, the expert said by booking last minute Britons could also find the best deal. "It’s always worth checking for last-minute bookings as some vans can become available if the owners choose to rent it out for longer periods or other customers choose to cancel." Ed warned holidaymakers ahead of a very busy season: "Remember many more people own campers now so there will be more full-timers on the road year on year - in fact we estimate that RV ownership is growing around five to seven percent per annum - and whilst summer capacity at camping areas has grown, demand for pitches remains high." Another caravan and camper expert, Prashant Maharshi, head of car insurance at MORE THAN, shared his predictions. He believed that the staycation boom will take place later in the spring. "We predict that staycations will restart in early April, as we step out of the colder, winter weather and into longer and brighter days "Holiday parks will also be opening from early-to-mid April, which will also result in the restarting of staycation and camping holidays across the country. "We also anticipate that staycation and camping holidays will restart in line with the school holidays, with a particular rise across the Easter holiday weekend in late April." Britons planning their next camping trip around those dates are advised to book as soon as possible to get the best deal. Although last-minute bookings can result in really good offers, planning in advance is always the safest option.