David Lean’s 1945 classic Brief Encounter is still, 77 years on, considered one of the greatest films of all time. Starring Trevor Howard and Celia Johnson as Dr Alec Harvey and Laura Jesson, the film follows the story of how these people, each married to someone else, meet in a railway station while waiting for their train. They fall in love, but their happiness is stained by the clandestine nature of the affair and the realisation that eventually they must choose each other or choose to part. David Lean’s classic film airs on BBC Two this afternoon at 3pm. Brief Encounter launched Margate-born Trevor Howard’s acting career, shooting him to stardom and landing him a role in the 1949 film The Third Man. His prestigious roles were supposed to earn him a CBE in 1982, but he turned it down, according to a British government document leaked to the Sunday Times in 2003. A secret list of some 300 superstars who snubbed the honours system was released. READ MORE: Elvis Presley had one last request for Ann-Margret before death The information covered more than 40 years, with the reasons for some refusals not recorded. Among the huge names on the list were David Bowie, Nigella Lawson and comedy duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders. Bowie declined a CBE in the Queen’s birthday honours list of 2000, and later said: “I would never have any intention of accepting like that. “I seriously don’t know what it is for. It’s not what I’ve spent my life working for.” Lawson turned down a CBE for her services to journalism and cookery in 2001, while French and Saunders rejected OBEs for their services to comedy drama in the same year. The list included the names of hordes of famous people who had declined honours offered by Prime Ministers on behalf of the Queen since World War 2. Other famous faces on the list included J B Priestley, Roald Dahl and Alastair Sim, who famously played Ebeneezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol. Priestley was the only person to have ever turned down a life peerage, having turned down the honour in 1965 and an invitation to be made a Companion of Honour four years later. DON'T MISS:How Netflix plans to fight back against Prime Video and Disney+ [INSIGHT]Petula Clark health: Star, 89, on her 'urgent' condition [QUOTES]‘Not a good look’ Jim Broadbent on real reason he turned down OBE [QUOTES] The list was believed to have been compiled to help selectors steer clear of those who have already turned awards down. Yet it did not always seem to work. Painter L S Lowry turned down a record five award offers, ranging from an OBE right up to a knighthood. He turned down an OBE in 1955, a CBE in 1961, a knighthood in 1968 and the invitation to become a Companion of Honour in both 1972 and 1976. Film director Alfred Hitchcock was on the list, having refused a CBE in 1962, but he accepted a knighthood shortly before he passed away. Though many Government papers are normally made public under the 30-year rule, this list was not supposed to ever see the light of day. Formal lists have, however, since been made public, confirming all previous leaks. A Cabinet Office spokesman said in 2012, when the list was made public: “It is entirely an individual’s choice as to whether they accept an honour. “People refuse honours for a variety of reasons but the numbers are very small and represent around two percent of nominations.” While Trevor Howard turned an honour down, co-star Celia Johnson did not. She was awarded a CBE in 1958, later upgraded to a Damehood in 1981. Brief Encounter airs on BBC Two at 3pm today.