A new dad from Essex has told Express.co.uk how he was forced to look into other money making opportunities when the coronavirus pandemic took a toll on his income. However, the silver lining to his story is that he now earns £15,000 extra a year. Entrepreneur Marc Barnacle is one of the founders of Together In Musical Expression which provides sensory based music and relaxation sessions to people with learning difficulties or mental health conditions. When the pandemic hit, Marc was forced to explore other ways of making an income as one to one sessions and group teaching sessions were off limits. After discussing his situation with a friend he decided to give teaching platform Skillshare a go and take his guitar lessons online. Marc said: “It’s certainly taken the pressure off - financially.” READ MORE: Inheritance tax explained: Your guide to HMRC rules and allowances The guitar teacher signed up to Skillshare in March 2020 and used his one month free trial to learn how to edit videos. After that, he started uploading his guitar classes and hasn’t looked back since. Uploading one class every four months is providing him with a passive income every month - something that comes in handy now he’s a new dad. Marc said: “Joining Skillshare couldn’t have come at a better time - my wife has just had a baby and we’re hoping to move to a bigger property.” DON'T MISSThe ‘most successful product’ pitched on Dragons’ Den – worth millions [INSIGHT]Government has announced a £150 council tax rebate [UPDATE]NatWest set to close 32 bank branches - full list of closures [WARNING] Although Marc has now returned to his day job, he says he will continue to upload videos to Skillshare as it’s a great way of earning extra income. Creators earn a commission based on the number of minutes their videos are viewed. They also receive bonuses every time a new subscriber signs up through their unique referral link. Last year, the average yearly revenue generated by Skillshare’s top performing creators was £25,000. This could be an option for lots of people looking to make money if they have a skill to share. The platform has teachers creating videos on most topics - from baking to nail art and music. Natacha Cullinan, market director at Skillshare said: “Community is king and building a loyal base of learners who tune into content regularly is the art of success on the platform. “We help teachers build their profiles with an active and engaged, global learning community.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Natacha shared some tips for people looking to sign up to Skillshare: 