Ever since Yellowstone began, Kayce Dutton (played by Luke Grimes) has been one of the Paramount drama’s most loyal and trustworthy characters. After building bridges with father John (Kevin Costner), Kayce has proved his loyalty by running the ranch and protecting his family’s name against all those who threatened it. He also has shown time and time again his loyalty to wife Monica (Kelsey Asbille), staying by her side during her brain trauma struggles and memory loss, and forgiving the kiss she shared with a physio way back when. However, season four arguably threw up the biggest tests to Kayce and Monica’s family unit yet. While their son Tate (Brecken Merrill) has already been put through the wringer after being kidnapped by a white supremacist gang thanks to the villainous Beck brothers, in season four he battled with PTSD after shooting an armed intruder to save his mum. Tate’s battle drove a wedge between Kayce and Monica’s marriage, with the latter insisting she “hated” living on the Yellowstone Ranch now and Kayce seeming less than understanding towards Tate’s mum allowing her son to hide away and process the ordeal. In the end, they ended up finding a home for themselves away from the ranch in the hopes they could rebuild and remedy the problems in their marriage. READ MORE: Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fearing for his life on set In fact, the pair were all smiles to discover they were expecting a second child together. However, as season four unravelled, Monica was less than impressed that Avery (Tanaya Beatty) had reappeared into Kayce’s life. After first being acquainted in the bunkhouse in season one, Avery’s soft spot for Kayce has been clear every time she appeared on-screen. So when she told Kayce she loved him in season four, despite Kayce insisting “God wouldn’t let her love something that can’t love her back”, the Dutton had a lot to think about. Kayce and Monica’s future may have already looked uncertain given Avery’s advances but those doubts were heightened further when Kayce underwent a Native American ritual to try and rid himself of his demons. In it, he hallucinated about Avery among many other warped and harrowing scenarios and emerged from the ritual to tell Monica he saw “the end of us”. While these clues alone are enough to tee up a possible love triangle or split in season five, stars Grimes, Asbille and Beatty have done little to dampen worries in a new video shared to the show’s YouTube page. Titled A Yellowstone Love Triangle, Asbille admitted Monica “gets a little jelly” over her husband’s stint working for Avery. DON'T MISS:Y 1883 fans devastated after ‘emotionally gutting’ episode seals deathYellowstone’s Cole Hauser pays heartfelt tribute to Beth Dutton starYellowstone season 5: John Dutton’s arrest sealed as star teases jail Grimes then weighed in with his thoughts on Avery’s advances, admitting Kayce needs to remain cautious. “It becomes clear to him that, okay, there is something going on there and I need to be careful around this person,” Grimes said. Beatty added: “He has other priorities, as he should… Monica… which Avery does not like.” Arguably dropping a big clue at a twist in the triangle, Beatty went on: “Kayce sort of opens up that vulnerable side. “Anything can happen, I don’t know, but I know it’s gonna be interesting,” she concluded with a chuckle. With Beatty seemingly open to the idea of Kayce having his head turned towards Avery by refusing to rule out a romance, could it happen? Could Kayce’s cryptic hallucination from the ritual come true and he really leave his marriage behind? Fans will have to wait until season five arrives to find out for sure but it’s safe to say there’s plenty of evidence to support the theory. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video in the UK.