Liz Truss said Vladimir Putin was likely expecting a quick victory over Ukraine when he first launched his "special operation" on Thursday. However, Ukrainians mounted fierce resistance to the invaders, hindering Russia's hopes of taking over major targets within one or two days. The Foreign Secretary warned the frustration the delays caused could lead President Putin to adopt a more brutal strategy to achieve his goals in Ukraine.  Ms Truss also noted the decision to invade Ukraine and failure to secure his targets could mark "the beginning of the end" for Putin himself. She told Sky News: "We've already seen the response from the Russian Government. "We've seen the action taken despite all of the warnings about the severe cost of this conflict in terms of humanitarian cost, in terms of cost for the Russian state. "This could well be the beginning of the end for Putin. And I fear that he is determined to use the most unsavoury means in this war. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  "But he should be aware the International Criminal Court is already looking at what is happening in Ukraine, there will be serious consequences for him personally and for the Russian Government." The Foreign Secretary added: "I fear this conflict could be very, very bloody. And we've already seen civilians targeted." President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said attacks on Kyiv overnight were especially "brutal" but insisted the capital remained in Ukrainian hands despite repeated attacks from Russia. The Foreign Secretary urged Moscow not to escalate the situation and to remove their troops from Ukrainian land if they are serious about having negotiations with Kyiv. READ MORE: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires spectacularly The Kremlin on Sunday said it has warned Ukraine that Russia's military operation would be suspended during any potential talks, the Interfax news agency reported. Moscow earlier said its delegation was ready to meet Ukrainian officials in the Belarusian city of Gomel. The location proposed however was rejected by Kyiv as President Zelenskyy said Minsk itself was complicit in the Russian invasion. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUEJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Journalist blasted for 'anti-Brexit flag flying' in commentary