Jack Wilshere will not be the highest paid player at new club Aarhus GF and some former Arsenal team-mates earn over 20 times more, according to reports. The former England star is back in football following his summer release by Bournemouth after his surprising arrival at the Danish club. Wilshere was announced as a new AGF player on Sunday having spent the first half of the season training with Arsenal. The 30-year-old mixed a first-team role with a coaching position within the Gunners’ academy. Mikel Arteta insisted Wilshere would have been a good signing for a Premier League club but the midfielder has instead moved to Denmark. According to The Athletic, the transfer was recommended by Wilshere’s ex-England boss Roy Hodgson, who previously coached fellow Danish side Copenhagen.   JUST IN: Gary Neville picks out concerning David de Gea stat despite Leeds win But Wilshere is not expected to be on huge money at his new club. in fact, the Sun report that he will not even be their highest earner. That honour remains held by 28-year-old defender Frederik Tingager who earns £6,700-per-week. Club captain Patrick Mortensen, 32, earns around £5,700, the Sun report. And the figures pale in comparison to what Wilshere was familiar with at Arsenal. The Gunners academy graduate is believed to have been on around £100,000 at the height of his stardom with both the North Londoners and West Ham. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Goalkeeper Bernd Leno and Granit Xhaka now earn around that figure, according to data from spotrac. The website has January 2021 signing Thomas Partey down as the club’s highest earner, taking in £200,000. Alexandre Lacazette, who is out of contract in June, takes home over £180,000. Eddie Nketiah (£45,000), Mohamed Elneny (£52,500), Cedric Soares (£75,000) and Gabriel Martinelli (£90,000) all earn way more than Wilshere. "I am very much looking forward to contributing to the team,” Wilshere said after joining AGF, who are seventh in the Danish Superliga and have won just two of their last five matches. "I'm physically in really good shape and I feel fit, so now for me it's about getting into the squad and see if I can earn some playing time for the club and contribute to get some wins."   DON'T MISS...Neville names Premier League player Man Utd would 'love' to haveMan Utd boss Rangnick has four players in trouble after Leeds winMan Utd's latest senior appointment 'apologises' for Woodward comments He continued: "Since I started training with Arsenal, I have never hidden that it was to be ready for 2022 and for a new club. "It has now succeeded and it will be an exciting new challenge for me. "I am at a point in my career where I need to get started again after a difficult period, and that opportunity AGF has offered me. "I am very grateful for that and I will do everything I can to help the team move forward."