Hardy's brand-new thriller is expected to hit Netflix in the next few months. He's the latest major Hollywood star to launch a blockbuster movie on the streaming platform, after the likes of Chris Hemsworth, The Rock and Ryan Reynolds. Written and directed by Gangs of London's Gareth Evans, gritty underworld crime drama Havoc is reputed to be the biggest and most expensive movie ever filmed in Wales and also stars Forest Whitaker and Timothy Olyphant. Fresh from the success of the Venom sequel, Let There Be Carnage, Hardy's profile keeps rising and he is tearing apart the race to replace Daniel Craig once again. Hardy has forged a successful career playing anti-heroes, with his most recent triumph Venom taking $856million at the 2019 box office and the 2021 sequel landing an impressive $502million last September at the height of the pandemic. Havoc will only push him even further in front of Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson. The 44-year-old was already a clear favourite to be the next Bond until Bridgerton's Rege-Jean Page surged past him. But it has been the rise of Henry Cavill that has (surprisingly) surprised many people. And now Hardy is fighting back - let there be carnage and havoc, indeed. Cavill famously got down to the final two in the previous Bond castings, even though he was only 22 at the time, before losing out to Craig . Despite the fact that he is now the perfect age of 38 and major action star – with Superman, The Witcher, The Man From UNCLE, and Mission Impossible under his belt – the chiselled star was regarded as a long-shot to step into the iconic tuxedo. Recently, though, Cavill surged past everyone and is now the favourite with British bookies Ladbrokes to be the next James Bond. However, Hardy has started fighting back. DON'T MISSJames Bond: Sean Connery called George Lazenby 'a prize s**t' Roger Moore said Bond star Herve Villechaize had 'Unnatural lusts'James Bond: Daniel Craig on his worst Bond movie 'It was a s**t show' Ladbrokes told Express Online: "Tom Hardy has once again closed the gap on Henry Cavill and Rege-Jean Page, with a three-horse race now firmly on to replace Daniel Craig." The bookies now have Cavill on 5/2, closely followed by Page on 11/4. Hardy's odds have been slashed from 4/1 down to 7/2. Idris Elba remains in the mix on 6/1 with James Norton and Jamie Dornan on 8/1. A surprising new addition to the pack is Michael Fassbender who has shot up the odds listings at 10/1, tied with Richard Madden. Bookies Coral, meanwhile, has a slight variation at the top and told Express Online: "Rege-Jean Page remains our favourite in the betting for who replaces Daniel Craig as the next James Bond, but it's a very close battle at the top of the market. Henry Cavill and Tom Hardy are the second and third favourites respectively and the three are the leading contenders in our eyes." Coral currently has Page at 11/4 with Cavill on 3/1 and Hardy on 4/1. They are followed by a repeat of Elba on 6/1, with Norton and Dornan on 8/1 and Madden on 10/1.