Liv Flaherty (played by Isobel Steele) and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) have been planning on taking their relationship to the next level by tying the knot. The Emmerdale lovers have experienced a turbulent few months together as not only did Vinny get kidnapped by Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu), but the serial killer also framed Liv for the murder of Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). Life is finally looking brighter for the pair since Liv's release from prison, but will they both leave the ITV soap after making a hasty decision about their future which their families will not approve of? On Monday's instalment of the ITV soap, Liv was full of excitement when Vinny told her he knows a registrar in Daventry, Northamptonshire, who is willing to bend the rules slightly. However, with Vinny's interfering mother Mandy Ding still in the dark about their engagement, they joked about what she would do to them if she found out after they got married. As the couple talked about tying the knot as soon as possible, Vinny told Liv: "So you haven't changed your mind?" She shook her head and replied: "We are actually going to do this." READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute A confused Vinny asked: "Is that a question or a statement?" Liv teased him it was both and as they were about to discuss their wedding in more detail an oblivious Mandy stormed into the room. "Morning campers, don't worry I am not stopping as I have a wash and set in ten minutes," the hairdresser exclaimed to the couple. "I just wanted to check in with you both," she added. "It's great news that Meena has spent the night behind bars."  Mandy also tried to apologise to Liv for suggesting she was "back on the booze" after the character used to be an alcoholic. Many added: "Either way it won't happen again as you're not going to go back there are you?" When an offended Liv assured her she would not start drinking again, Mandy smiled and said her goodbyes. Vinny, who appeared embarrassed over Mandy's audacity, apologised for her "barging in" and being so direct. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEO RY]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [INTERVIEW]'Very rude' BBC Breakfast star horrified by co-star's appearance jibe [MUST SEE]  Trying to make light of the awkward situation, Liv asked Vinny: "How soon can we elope?" Later on in the instalment, the pair talked about getting hitched in Daventry to be married by Vinny's acquaintance who could get the pair "married sooner rather than later". "This is fun, I am excited," Liv exclaimed to Vinny about getting married hours away from Emmerdale. "Do you think Mandy is ever going to forgive us for getting hitched and not saying a single word?"  Vinny suggested they should never tell anyone to which Liv replied: "Get married in secret and stay married in secret?" With both Vinny and Liv being desperate to keep their wedding a secret from Mandy, will they decide to leave the village altogether and start afresh as newlyweds in another part of the country? Perhaps they will keep their marriage a secret from the rest of their loved ones too so Mandy will have no way of knowing their whereabouts. Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV and episodes are available on ITV Hub. 