In a statement, the Ukrainian State Border Guard Service said the capture was part of a “counter-terrorist operation”. It comes as Russia seeks ceasefire talks with Ukraine in Belarus, which Kyiv is open to but wants to be held elsewhere. The State Border Guard Service said in a statement: “Yesterday, announcing a ‘counter-terrorist operation’ in the northwestern part of the Black Sea, ships of the Russian Navy captured two more civilian Ukrainian ships.” According to the service, the tanker "Athena", which was in the territorial sea of ​​Romania, 22 miles from Snake Island, received an open channel of communication and security of navigation command to approach the Russian warship for inspection. The ship-owner of the tanker "Athena" immediately informed all authorities in Ukraine. At the same time, maritime border guards recorded the fact of a sharp and illogical change of course by another ship under the Ukrainian flag. The Princess Nicole dry cargo ship from Romanian waters was also headed for Snake Island. The service then added: "Almost as soon as both civilian ships approached Russian warships, the AIS was turned off and they stopped communicating. “And this morning the automatic identification systems of ships showed their stay 18 miles from the occupied Crimea.” The statement added Russian warships “once again defiantly violated the rules of international maritime law, under the guise of a self-proclaimed counter-terrorist operation, pirated two Ukrainian-flagged ships with almost 50 civilian crew members”. The day before, the same ships in the Russian Navy reportedly captured the Sapphire, which went to Snake Island with a humanitarian mission. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead In a bid to protect Ukraine from further naval attacks by Russia, President Volodomyr Zelensky has asked Turkey to close its entryways to the Black Sea. On Saturday, a phone call between Mr Zelensky and Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan saw the Ukrainian President thank his counterpart for his support amid the ongoing war with Russia. In a post on Twitter, Mr Zelensky said: “I thank my friend Mr. President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the people of Turkey for their strong support. “The ban on the passage of Russia's warships to the Black Sea and significant military and humanitarian support for Ukraine are extremely important today.” Turkish officials told local media that no decision had been made to do so.  Since Vladimir Putin announced the invasion of Ukraine on Thursday, Kyiv has claimed 4,300 Russians have died, plus 210 Ukrainian civilians Vitali Klitschko, mayor of Kyiv, has said there are no Russian troops in the capital city, as it continues to defend itself from attacks. He said “military, law enforcement and territorial defence” officials were continuing to “detect and neutralise saboteurs”. Oleh Synyehubov, regional governor of Kharkiv, said Ukrainian forces have regained control of the city. In a post on Telegram, he said: "Control over Kharkiv is completely ours! "The armed forces, the police, and the defence forces are working, and the city is being completely cleansed of the enemy." On Thursday, 13 Ukrainian border guards died after refusing to surrender Snake Island from a Russian air and sea bombardment. One of the border guards told a Russian warship, who ordered them to surrender, to “go f*** yourself.” However, a statement from the State Border Guard Service said: “We [have a] strong belief that all Ukrainian defenders of Zmiinyi (Snake) Island may be alive.” “After receiving information about their possible location, the [border guard service] together with the Armed Forces of Ukraine are conducting work on identifying our soldiers.”