In the Canadian province of British Columbia, removing unnecessary regulation has resulted in significant economic growth and productivity gains. According to the government of British Columbia, the region has eliminated more than 1,700 requirements and completed over 80 red tape reduction projects. Speaking about the province's approach, Mike Cherry, chair of the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB), told the FT: "This model could be implemented in the UK if we can embrace a culture where regulation is not the default response to policy problems." He added: "Small firms were promised that one upside of leaving the EU would be reduced red tape. "They live in hope of delivery." This comes as the business world is becoming increasingly frustrated by the government's failure to remove EU red tape after leaving the single market on January 1, 2021. In a report to mark the end of the first year of the implementation of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, the British Chambers of Commerce found nearly half of its members had struggled to trade with the EU. But unless a change of approach is adopted, further regulation is set to be implemented. The introduction of the UK's own UKCA quality control mark and the creation of a "UK REACH" chemical safety database, both appear to duplicate EU regulation for no obvious commercial gain. The chemical industry has estimated the REACH database (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals) will cost the sector £1bn. Since the end of the transition period, the sector has pushed the Government to reduce the barriers to register for the scheme. LIVE UPDATES: Brexit LIVE: Bitter EU threatens to AXE deal The Government has since extended the UK Reach registration deadline to 2025, offering to explore "a new model" to "reduce the need for replicating EU Reach data packages". The deadline for compliance with the new UKCA mark - a copycat version of the EU's CE mark - has also been pushed back to January 1, 2023. The mark has been used across Europe since 1985 to show a product complies with health and safety standards. The low-regulation model adopted by British Columbia is aimed at making sure all regulation is "necessary, meaningful and serves a purpose". DON'T MISS: Putin has rug pulled from under him as oligarchs break rank on Ukraine [INSIGHT] Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [REPORT]'Thousands' of Britons could head to Ukraine to fight Putin's Russia [REVEAL] A report examining the region's regulatory environment said: "The overarching goal of the Province’s regulatory reform strategy is to make British Columbians’ lives easier by cutting red tape and ensuring that every regulatory requirement in B.C. is necessary, meaningful and serves a purpose. "The report shows where we have cut burdensome forms, simplified complex processes, and provided clear information. "By eliminating unnecessary red tape, the Province is minimizing the time and costs for citizens and businesses accessing government services." In January, the Government brought forward a new 'Brexit Freedoms' Bill, to end the special status of EU law and ensure it can be more easily amended or removed. The new bill seeks to cut £1bn of red tape for business. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "The plans we have set out today will further unleash the benefits of Brexit and ensure that businesses can spend more of their money investing, innovating and creating jobs. "Our new Brexit Freedoms Bill will end the special status of EU law in our legal framework and ensure that we can more easily amend or remove outdated EU law in future."