Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Poland and other Allies agreed to hold consultations under NATO's Article 4 on Thursday morning. It comes after Russia launched its full scale invasion of Ukraine earlier this morning. Prime Minister Arturs Krisjanis Karins of Latvia called for a consultation among NATO member nations based on Article 4, according to a Twitter post from his official account. In conjunction, Prime Minister of Estonia Kaja Kallas said: "The most effective response to Russia's aggression is unity." She added: "The government has prepared for this crisis, we are monitoring the situation all the time and ensuring people's safety," she said in a statement. "Russia's widespread aggression is a threat to the entire world and to all NATO countries, and NATO consultations on strengthening the security of the Allies must be initiated to implement additional measures for ensuring the defense of NATO Allies." Article 4 of the North Atlantic Treaty stipulates: "The Parties will consult together whenever, in the opinion of any of them, the territorial integrity, political independence or security of any of the Parties is threatened." In this case, it essentially means that when a member is threatened by military action that could harm its territorial claims, the other members are required to consult one another. Other NATO countries have agreed to the call made by Estonia and other eastern European nations.  However, Ukraine is not a member of NATO - but has been is favour of joining the security alliance for a number of years. The Estonian Government said in a statement today: "Estonia's support for Ukraine is steadfast. "We stand firm for Ukraine's independence, territorial integrity and sovereignty within its internationally recognised borders. "Ukraine needs our political, economic and military support. We must offer strong support to Ukraine."   DON'T MISSBlow for Putin as Ukraine shoots down FIVE planes [REPORT]BBC's Laura Kuenssberg pinpoints FIVE-point plan to defeat Putin [INSIGHT]Russia explained: Why are Russia and Ukraine at war? [EXPLAINER] The Latvian Government also released a statement this morning, reading: "Russia’s aggression against Ukraine and the increasing presence of Russian armed forces in Belarus are bound to leave a long-lasting negative impact on the overall security situation in Europe. "This calls for an appropriate NATO’s action towards the strengthening of security and defence on the eastern flank of the Alliance. "We, the President, the Speaker of the Saeima, the Prime Minister, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Latvia, on behalf of the people of Latvia, stand in solidarity with the Ukrainian people and offer our unwavering support for Ukraine’s freedom, sovereignty and territorial integrity."