The Last Kingdom season five will be airing on Netflix on March 9 and it marks the final chapter in the historical drama. The last season will follow Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) as he turns Aethelstan (Harry Gilby) into the King of England. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about one of the new characters, Constantin (Ross Anderson). The Last Kingdom season five will mark the end of a five-year-long story for many of the characters. But for some, their journey is only just beginning as the final season introduces a number of new characters. The official Instagram account for the series has shared a photo of a character named Constantin. Along with the image is a quote that reads: "If your mission was to avert war you have picked the wrong king to dissuade." Fans took to the comments to discuss how the new king will influence the stars of the series. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon opens up on why series is ending Many believe he is Constantine of Scotland - who ruled Alba in the 950s. Alba is the Scottish Gaelic name for Scotland and the kingdom was recognised under this name from the years 900 to 1286. This period was followed by the Scottish Wars of Independence in the 13th and 14th centuries. Constantine II was the successor of Donald II and he was a key figure in the formation of Alba. Constantine fought in many battles and reigned for almost half a century. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: How old is Aethelstan in the final season? During his reign he witnessed the actions of Viking rulers in the British Isles, including Ivar the Boneless. The rulers of Wessex and Mercia extended their leadership into Northumbria and this storyline will be explored in The Last Kingdom season five. Aethelstan invaded Scotland in 934, so he may have a run-in with Constantin in the series. Three years later, King Constantine joined forces with Ireland in retaliation, but they were defeated at the battle of Brunanburh. In 943 Constantine abdicated the throne and he died in 952. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: Who will return for Seven Kings Must Die? [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon to make Netflix return [DISCUSSION]The Last Kingdom cancelled: Why is the show ending after season 5? [EXPLAINER] Fans grew even more excited over The Last Kingdom Instagram account's post. Laurwvm22 said: "Can't wait for the new season! Great show with amazing actors. I love it!" __aryaannn added: "Pls tell the release date for season 5! Can't wait now." [Sic] Netflix revealed some details on what to expect from the character. They said: "Ruler of Scotland, Constantin leads with a cool pragmatism and years of experience. READ MORE: Last Kingdom: How old will Uhtred be in season 5? "But whilst the Saxons fighting south of the border is an amusing distraction, when Aethelhelm brings news that it might encroach on Scottish borders, Constantin rallies his troops, to fight fire with fire." Season five's Constantin is played by Ross Anderson, a Scottish actor. He has previously starred in The Liberator, the ITV series Des and Three Girls. The 34-year-old is on Instagram but he is yet to post anything about his new role.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now, with season 5 airing on March 9.