Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel was 'completely wrong' to replace Edouard Mendy with Kepa Arrizabalaga in Sunday's Carabao Cup final defeat, according to Jamie O'Hara. Liverpool beat the Blues 11-10 on penalties after a thrilling 0-0 draw at Wembley Stadium. The clash somehow went to spot-kicks after four disallowed goals and an array of squandered chances, partly down to heroics from Mendy and Caoimhin Kelleher at each end. Despite his stunning performance after making six saves, Tuchel decided to withdraw Mendy at the end of extra-time, opting for Kepa as his penalty specialist. But in a hideous cameo, the Spaniard failed to save a single spot-kick before firing his own over the crossbar and into a sea of jubilant Liverpool supporters behind the goal. And O'Hara, a League Cup winner with Tottenham Hotspur in 2008, was astonished by Tuchel's decision to withdraw Mendy after his performance across the 120 minutes. JUST IN: Arsenal's Mikel Arteta 'reaches final conclusion' on William Saliba He told talkSPORT: "I think it was the completely wrong decision. If you're asking me if Mendy was going to save some, you don't know. I mean, the quality of the penalties was fantastic. "But I think there was one that I think maybe Mendy would have got to, but you don't know. But the whole situation for me just stinks because Edouard Mendy was Man of the Match; he played unbelievably. "And you know as a player when you score, and you keep scoring, you have that feeling every week you go out and pitch, 'I'm scoring today'. Keepers are the same. "When you start making saves, you get that feeling where that 'no one is scoring against me today, doesn't matter where it's going. I'm saving it'. And I felt like Mendy had that. READ MORE: Liverpool's Carabao Cup triumph glosses over Klopp's future headache "And I know they talk about the tactical side of it. Kepa has saved penalties, whatever. But there's nothing like that feeling in the game where you grow in confidence as a player, and then you take him off. "The game goes to penalties, and Kepa doesn't get near one penalty. For me, I thought it was a crazy decision. "And even though they can say it was a tactical change. Well, you're the manager, and you can see Mendy's been unbelievable in the game. Leave him on because you know in yourself Mendy's been unbelievable today. "I'm going to pull Kepa and say 'listen, I know we've had a chat about it, if it goes to pens, I'll put you on. But there's no way I'm taking Mendy off because they can't score past him.'" Liverpool's triumph was their ninth in the competition's history, edging past Manchester City as record winners. But Chelsea faced back-to-back defeats in domestic cup finals after narrowly losing to Leicester City in May's FA Cup showdown. Hindsight is, of course, a wonderful thing, especially in football. Still, Tuchel's decision to replace Mendy will be a significant talking point for years after one of the most memorable cup finals in recent history. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.