Streaming has reached a new milestone – with 19.1 million households in the UK now paying for at least one subscription service. That equates to 66.9 percent of all households nationwide. The previous record – 18.7 million homes with at least one video-on-demand subscription – was recorded three months ago by BARB, which monitors the UK's television audience. The latest quarterly results from BARB reveal small gains for some of the biggest brands, including Netflix, Prime Video and NOW (formerly NOW TV). So, where are the biggest gains coming from? It turns out Disney+ is driving the largest chunk of the new growth – with an increase of 5 percent compared to three months earlier. That's an increase from 5.2 million towards the end of last year, compared to 5.5 million subscribers today. Netflix enjoyed more modest growth, with 16.7 million homes subscribing to the US streaming service during the previous quarterly results, increasing to 16.8 million in the latest results. Likewise, Prime Video rose from 12.5 million to 12.6 million and NOW rose from 2.0 million to 2.1 million during the same period. READ MOREBest VPN For Amazon Fire TV StickBest Sky TV Deals Speaking about the latest results, BARB Chief Executive Justin Sampson said: “We have been providing valuable insight into SVOD services since 2014, when we began reporting on the uptake of these services in our Establishment Survey. Last November, we took a big step forward when we upgraded our daily audience reporting to include SVOD and video-streaming services. "As well as reporting the total time spent watching these services, we deliver audience ratings for programmes on Amazon Prime Video, Disney+ and Netflix. This is the first time audiences for streaming services are being reported with all the hallmarks of a joint-industry measurement system: independence, objectivity and transparency." While the overall number of households with one subscription continues to steadily grow, the number of homes with more than one streaming service continues to grow. The number of homes with at least two subscriptions (Netflix and Prime Video are the most popular combination) increased from 12.3 million to 12.4 million during the last three month period.