Missile strikes and explosions have been reported in several parts of Ukraine, including the capital Kiev, as the Russian president attempts to lay siege to the country. The all-out invasion of Ukraine by land, air and sea is the biggest attack by one state against another in Europe since World War 2. Russian troops crossed the border from the North, according to Ukraine’s interior ministry. Troops have also arrived in the annexed Crimea, according to video footage from this morning. Ukraine has also said it has come under sustained cyber attacks. President Putin announced this morning he had approved a “special military operation” after claiming Russia now formally recognised the two separatist held areas of Luhansk and Donetsk earlier this week.  READ MORE: World War 3: Is World War 3 now a reality in Europe? Will Putin stop? Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that martial law had been declared and he appealed to world leaders to impose all possible sanctions on Russia. He said: “Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes. This is a war of aggression. "Ukraine will defend itself and will win. The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now,” Pictures have emerged this morning of Kiev residents attempting to flee the city and taking shelter in underground rails stations. Ukrainian forces have confirmed Russian military vehicles and troops have crossed the border into Kharkiv in the north, following on from troops entering the disputed territories of Donetsk and Luhansk earlier this week. Troops have also entered via the eastern regions of Chernihiv and Luhansk. Russian military has landed on all sides, coming in via air and sea at the cities of Odessa and Mariupol in the south.  DON'T MISSFurious British expat in raging shutdown of 'insane' Putin [INSIGHT]‘Welcome to hell’ Ukraine warns Russian troops [REPORT]Wladimir Klitschko warns of Russia 'lesson' after Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT] The port of Mariupol lies close to the Donetsk region which Russia proclaimed independent earlier this week. Russian-backed separatists in the east have said they have captured two towns, the RIA news agency reported. In the north, Ukrainian border officials have reported an armoured attack from Belarus through the Senkivka border crossing. Airstrikes have also been reported in Ukraine’s major cities. These appear to have been concentrated in the east - but there are reports as far west as Lutsk and Ivano-Frankivsk. Explosions have also taken place in the capital Kiev, with residents ordered to take shelter and air raid sirens rang out across the city. According to Ukrainian officials, the first wave of strikes appeared to involve cruise missiles, artillery and airstrikes which struck military infrastructure and border positions, including airbases. Three hours into the attack, the Russian defence ministry claimed to have “neutralised” Ukraine’s airbases and air defences.