CBS’ hit procedural drama NCIS LA returned to screens for another action-packed episode with the team investigating elusive criminals. This week viewers were left emotional after Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) finally reunited with their team and left rumours about a potential pregnancy swirling.  NCIS LA made its highly anticipated comeback to CBS after a mid-season break due to the 2022 Winter Olympics. The episode came back full force and saw the team deep dive into yet another high stakes, challenging case. This time, in the episode titled ‘Under the Influence,’ the special agents were tasked with tracking down social media influencer Gia Knight (Caitlin Carmichael). As she was also the daughter of a US ambassador the team pulled out all the stops to uncover her mysterious disappearance.  READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap  Throughout the episode, the agents debated whether children truly needed mobile phones after discovering the internet was a contributing factor to Gia’s disappearance. As they searched her home, Kensi and Deeks debated modern parenting with the dangers of social media. Deeks stated: “Call me old fashioned, I just don't think a kid needs a cell phone.” Kensi chimed: “Good luck with that.”  To which he responded: “Think about it, no phone, so no access to social media which we know is detrimental to kids’ health, no chatrooms or internet trolls and no pornography.” Fans were overjoyed to hear about the couple discussing children, which fuelled the theory Kensi could be pregnant. Taking to Twitter, Kwanfan wrote: “Lots of parenting comments in this ep.....foreshadowing to Densi finally getting to be parents this season?!” Alexandriaxox shared: “I want a #densi baby so bad.”  DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION] NCIS season 19: Deadly weapon leaves team’s life in danger [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Kasie and Jimmy embroiled in explosive row [INSIGHT] Kwanfan1212 added: “I love hearing Kensi and Deeks talk about being parents and the choices they would make about their kids.....now, can we get them a kid please??!!” Laraluzioleitao commented: “This is me after reading FanFiction where Kensi ends up pregnant, just give her a baby.” Viewers were also emotional to see the couple return to screens after the long break and express this on social media. HeatherC tweeted: “I HAVE SO MISSED KENSI AND DEEKS!!!”  While another viewer stated: “I've missed Kensi and Deeks so much.” Thankfully, the team were able to uncover the mystery about Gia’s whereabouts after a campaign pushing for her death started online. After her social media went down, the influencer returned online to state she had been abducted for a $10,000,000 bitcoin ransom. Aliyah De Leon soon discovered the campaign was largely funded by the incel community, led by Gia's troll Jaxon King. Thankfully, Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) was able to talk down troll Curtis Jenkins threatening to shoot himself after he had abducted Gia. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sunday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 