In an exclusive chat with Express.co.uk, Beeny opened up about Brain Tumour Research and the personal reasons behind her decision to become an ambassador. Since becoming a patron of Brain Tumour Research in 2017, Sarah has bravely opened up about the death of her mother, who sadly passed away at the age of 39. She revealed: “My mother had breast cancer and she died of breast cancer spreading to her brain. And then my stepmother had a tumour in her brain as well.” Although just 10 years old whether mother died, for Beeny, the hopes that one day there will be a cure for cancer still remains high. “My stepmother was quite old when she died,” Benny continued to say. “So I don’t think there was extensive treatment, but I came across Brain Tumour Research and it’s the most amazing charity. They have done some amazing research. “If my mother had breast cancer today she would have lived. It was just 40 years too early really. “I really hope that there will come a day where cancer is no longer life-threatening, when the notion that cancer could be a killer is thought absurd.”  READ MORE: High blood pressure: The drink that could ‘significantly’ reduce blood pressure in weeks  “It is really bad for young people, which isn’t talked about. There are a few things we all need to talk about more. “As a young girl, I was protected from the harsher realities of my mother’s illness, but I still noticed. I remember how it seemed very quick from when she was first ill, to when she was no longer with us. “Then, in 2012, my stepmother was diagnosed with a brain tumour situated behind her eye, which was deemed too tricky to treat. She too lost her life to this cancer. “To have lost my mum 30 years ago, and, more recently, my stepmother, it is disheartening to hear that not much has changed.  “Brain tumours remain a forgotten form of cancer, receiving scant attention from potential funders. More research is needed so fewer lives will be devastated by this dreadful disease.” The NHS explains that brain tumours occur due to a growth of cells in the brain that multiply in an uncontrollable way. Typically, there are two types of brain tumour - primary and secondary. The former is a tumour that starts in the brain and the latter is a cancer that starts somewhere else in the body and spreads to the brain. Some tumours can be fast-growing malignant tumours, whereas others are slow growing benign tumours. Depending on the type of tumour you have, different treatment options will be available. Various treatments are available including surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, steroids and other medicines to help deal with symptoms.  Individuals tend to experience symptoms due to a brain tumour because the tumour is taking space inside of the skull, causing pressure on other areas of the brain. Due to this, common symptoms of a brain tumour include feeling or being sick, headaches and seizures. Depending on the position of the tumour, others also experience problems with their eyesight, which is not helped by wearing glasses. Individuals may lose the ability to see out of the corner of their eyes or experience blurred vision. Working with Brain Tumour Research, Beeny is supporting the Wear A Hat campaign, which is taking place on March 25. As the culmination of Brain Tumour Awareness Month, the event is important to fundraise for the charity and bring more awareness to the condition. Talking about the event, Beeny added: “I mean everyone can wear a hat. I love hats. So just post a picture of yourself wearing a hat and get awareness out there and get movement behind it. So why not?” 