The results come in a weekend where Mr Trump gave a barnstorming speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Florida amid growing concerns over Joe Biden’s presidency. Lambasting the man who defeated him in 2020, Mr Trump said: “If you take the five worst Presidents in American history and put them together and they would not do the damage that the Joe Biden administration has done in just a very short 13 months.” According to the Democracy Institute/ Express survey of 1,500 likely voters across the US, in a contest repeating the 2020 election 48 percent would now back Trump and just 43 percent Biden. The survey underlined the current dissatisfaction with President Biden whose victory in 2020 is still contested by Mr Trump.  With inflation and unemployment on the rise, controversy over Black Lives Matter issues, a percetion of weakness over the Afghanistan retreat and handling of the Ukraine crisis as well as anger over an illegal immigration crisis on the Mexican border, Mr Biden’s ratings have slipped. According to the Democracy Institute survey 57 percent disapprove of Biden’s record as President and just 39 percent approve. There is speculation that Hilary Clinton may try to run again with the 79-year-old Biden appearing to be increasingly frail. The survey showed that a repeat of the 2016 election would see Trump poll 49 percent and Clinton 42 percent.  Meanwhile, Vice President Kamala Harris’s unpopularity was underlined showing that if she ran against Trump she would poll even worse on 40 percent while he would get 50 percent. A fourth possible democrat contender Pete Buttigeig, a former army officer who is now Secretary for Transport and would be America’s first openly gay Presidential candidate, polls 43 percent to Trump’s 48 percent in a direct contest. The Democrats also face a stiff test in November’s midterm elections for Congress with 43 percent saying they would back the Democrats and 53 percent the Republicans.  The Express has partnered with the Washington DC based Democracy Institute which carries out monthly surveys of political opinion in the USA. The Democracy Institute was one of the few pollsters to correctly predict the Trump victory in 2016 and Brexit victory in the UK’s EU referendum the same year. 