Victoria Beckham has left fans delighted by hinting she may be set to make a return to the Spice Girls, according to reports. The fashion designer wife of footballer David Beckham, 47, has fuelled rumours that she's getting ready to finally make a comeback as Posh Spice, just in time for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert later this year. It has been claimed that the mother-of-four has just signed documents which confirm she is still an active part of Spice Girls Ltd. A source has claimed the fashion mogul had a chance to "resign" from the company, but instead chose to remain an "active" member of the popular band. They claimed to The Sun: "If she wanted to quit the band and had no wish to perform again then she’d have resigned as a director last week. "She’d still obviously get her cut of record sales but wouldn’t be involved in any decision-making like going on tour or performing. READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death “Victoria signing the confirmation papers as a director for another year shows she’s still an active member of The Spice Girls," they added. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Victoria for comment. The Platinum Jubilee in June celebrates the monarch's 70 years on the throne with a four-day bank holiday weekend. The event scheduled in honour of Queen Elizabeth II promises to "bring together some of the world's biggest entertainment stars to celebrate the most significant and joyous moments from the Queen’s seven-decade reign”. George Ezra has been confirmed as the first act for the event. Victoria famously opted out of the Spice Girls reunion tour in 2019. The fashion designer cited work commitments as the reason she skipped the shows. However, the mother of daughter Harper and sons Brooklyn, Cruz, and Romeo told how it wasn't a decision she made lightly. She said: "It took me a lot of courage not to go on tour with the Spice Girls again, but to be the one who says: 'You know, I'm not doing it because things feel different now than they used to' DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [INSIGHT]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict [UPDATE] "I'd rather concentrate on my family and my company. "I'm 45 now and very happy to be the woman I am," she told Vogue Germany. However, Victoria did share a message of support to her former bandmates on social media. The star posted a snap of Mel B, Geri Halliwell, Mel C and Emma Bunton performing at the concert to Instagram. She captioned the picture: "Good luck to the girls today as they start their tour!" while adding the hashtag "#FriendshipNeverEnds" Despite not appearing on the reunion tour, Victoria insisted she "will always be a Spice Girl". She told The Guardian: "I'm sure when I'm there and they are on stage, there will be a part of me that feels a bit left out. "Because even after all this, a part of me will always be a Spice Girl."