Manchester United are reportedly 'crazy' about signing Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo. There have been unexpected delays to the renewal of Araujo's contract at Barca. However, United do expect Barca to make a new offer to the player soon. Araujo has made 19 appearances in La Liga so far this season. But the Uruguayan's contract at the Nou Camp is set to expire in 18 months' time. Barca understandably want to move quickly to tie down the centre-back's future and protect his value. But they have so far been unsuccessful in those attempts. JUST IN: Paul Scholes claims only one Man Utd player would get into Klopp's Liverpool team  Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo says Araujo wants to continue at Barca and the club wants him to stay. However, despite an agreement on an extension being close, it has been put off for longer than expected. United are said to be huge fans of the 24-year-old, who first joined Barca's B team in 2018. Mundo Deportivo's report says United believe Barca will continue to work to get Araujo to sign a new deal. DON'T MISSChelsea and Real Madrid 'discussing Eden Hazard loan' as part of Erling Haaland plan [GOSSIP]Chelsea's new star man can help ease Thomas Tuchel's Romelu Lukaku issues [OPINION]Eight former Chelsea players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [COMMENT]  The player wants to stay and feels 'fully trusted' by the club's staff. Barca boss Xavi recently described Araujo's performance as "spectacular" and "extraordinary" in Sunday's 4-1 win over Valencia. United spent big on a centre-back last summer, bringing in Raphael Varane from Barca's El Clasico rivals Real Madrid. But the performances of club captain Harry Maguire this season could see them go back into the market for defensive reinforcement.  Red Devils interim boss Ralf Rangnick recently insisted he would not strip Maguire of the armband. But the German admitted the former Leicester star has had some "weaker moments" this season. "I think when he came back after his injury he did extremely well," Rangnick said of Maguire. "He had a very good performance, a very good game against West Ham.  "In the past two games, yeah he had some weaker moments, against Southampton and when we conceded the goal at Burnley, but he's our captain and I don't see any reason to change that. "He's a player who has to develop, get better, like all the other players. "The way that we are playing now is new also to him because in the English national team he was used to playing in a back three and here at Manchester United, in most cases a back four, but still not being as proactive, not with that kind of rest defence always being on the front foot when we are trying to defend. "This is something also new to him and it will also take some time for him to get used to that, to get adjusted to that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here