Reality TV star and former Olympian Caitlyn Jenner has moved swiftly to secure a star name for her new W Series racing team. British racer and current champion Jamie Chadwick has signed for the latest team to enter the sport after being "amazed" by Jenner's pitch. Chadwick, 23, has made waves in the sport and has been touted as someone who could become the first woman to start an F1 race since 1976 in the future. She already has her foot in the door, as a development driver for Williams. The Briton fulfils that role alongside her own racing career, which has seen her dominate the W Series field in recent years. Chadwick became the sport's first champion in 2019, and won again last year after the 2020 campaign was cancelled due to the Covid-19 pandemic. She will hope to make it a hat-trick of championship successes over the course of the coming season, and will be racing in new colours after switching teams. She has joined the newly-formed Jenner Racing – a team funded and run by Caitlyn Jenner. JUST IN: Inside accommodation Hamilton and co will live in during F1 testing The 72-year-old shot to fame by winning decathlon gold at the 1976 Olympics in Montreal, and has also taken part in motorsport events in the past. Jenner also gained mainstream popularity as part of the Kardashian family, after 23 years of marriage with Kris Kardashian before their divorce in 2014, before Jenner came out publicly as a trans woman the following year. Chadwick said she chose to sign for the American's new W Series team after a conversation in which she was impressed by her plans for the future. "I have spoken to Caitlyn Jenner and her vision for the team is amazing," she said. "I have zero doubt that she will be able to help take my career to the next level and open doors for me internationally. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher snubbed by Christian HornerMax Verstappen grimaces as he's put through his paces by Red BullChristian Horner given food for thought over Max Verstappen partner "I have made no secret of my desire to compete in F3 and F2. "But timing is everything and the opportunity that W Series gives me to get more competitive experience at world-class circuits is a key step on my journey towards competing in F1." Jenner announced earlier this month that she was launching her new team into the series ahead of the upcoming season. The American will act as team principal, and is on a mission to pave the way for more women to reach the upper echelons of the motorsport world. "We need [a woman in Formula 1], we need diversity," she said. "We've had some [in] IndyCars. We had Danica Patrick in Nascar, but we want to move women into Formula 1 and I think [that] can happen. "I was waiting for the opportunity to get involved with something in women's sports and keeping equality and diversity in women's sports. "I've been watching the W Series and I have been so impressed, so we just signed the deal. "Next year on the W Series we'll have a two-car effort for Jenner Racing. I couldn't be more excited. I'm back in racing!" The identity of Chadwick's team-mate at Jenner Racing is yet to be revealed, while there has also been no announcement over who will replace her at Veloce Racing.