The Putin regime’s unprovoked and unjustified aggression is in breach of international law. They are showing a callous disregard for innocent civilians and forcing many tens of thousands to flee for their lives. Despite the terrible toll, the people of Ukraine remain ferocious in defence of their homeland. Their fortitude runs deep, having known invading forces before ranging from the Mongols to the Nazis. Our lionhearted Ukrainian friends are defending themselves against a reckless and illegal invasion which was built on lies. President Putin and his henchmen have repeatedly insisted they did not want conflict. Just seven days ago, the Kremlin’s spokesperson claimed on state television that Russia “has never attacked anyone throughout its history” and would be “the last country in Europe” to do so.  Time after time, the Putin regime has lied to the world and the Russian people. At this dark hour, the United Kingdom stands side by side with Ukraine. We are pulling out all the stops to support Ukraine politically, economically and defensively. We have trained 22,000 soldiers, supplied 2,000 anti-tank missiles, and pledged £3.5 billion for trade in key industries. We have also provided £100 million towards Ukraine's economic reform and energy independence. We are leading the diplomatic charge to rally international support for Ukraine and to marshal a strong, decisive and united response to Russia’s aggression. This is not just an attack on Ukraine’s sovereignty and future, but also a sustained assault on the security, democracy and freedom of Europe. I have been busy speaking to our allies across Europe such as Germany, Poland and Lithuania. My friend, Liz Truss, is leading the way through back-to-back talks with our international allies including the United States, the European Union and other G7 partners. The Foreign Secretary has been urging our partners around the world to stand up for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial independence, with the result that Russia stood alone in vetoing the UN Security Council resolution condemning their aggression. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The blood is on President Putin’s hands. We made repeatedly clear to Moscow, alongside our allies, that choosing to invade Ukraine would have massive consequences. That is why we have a moral duty to stay true to our word and make his regime pay the highest possible price. Nothing and no one is off the table. We are targeting President Putin personally and his right hand man, foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, in our latest wave of sanctions. We have frozen any UK-based assets and barred our companies from doing business with them. These measures reflect the horror and gravity of what the Putin regime has done. We are building on the sweeping package of sanctions unveiled over this week. We are freezing Russian banks’ assets in the UK, and preventing Russian companies from raising finance in our money markets – the most important financial centre in Europe. We will stop Russia from raising sovereign debt in the UK. These actions will hobble Russia’s economic development. We are going after major manufacturers with substantially stronger trade restrictions, including export controls, targeted at strategic industries. We are also banning all Russian airlines and private jets from entering our airspace or landing on British soil. All this means we are hammering more than a hundred companies and oligarchs at the heart of the Russian establishment with punishing sanctions on assets worth many hundreds of billions of pounds. They will deliver a greater cost than anything the Kremlin has ever seen. We will also be sanctioning Belarus for aiding and abetting Russia’s wanton aggression. I made that clear to the Belarusian ambassador after summoning him to the Foreign Office on Friday. The Putin regime is leading the Russian people into a quagmire. They are being condemned to live in a pariah state. And so we must work together with our allies to respond with strength. We will keep squeezing all those complicit in the President’s abhorrent aggression against Ukraine to ensure his ambitions end in failure. Now more than ever, the UK stands unwaveringly behind Ukraine, its people and its democracy. We are joining forces with our allies to stand up to Russia’s premeditated and brutal aggression. We are prepared to work for however long it takes to ensure Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity are restored. James Cleverly is Minister of State for Europe and North America