The UN also warned 4.5million more people could be forced to flee their homes if fighting spreads across the Slavic nation. The UN's high commissioner on refugees Filippo Grandi said on Twitter: "The number of refugees from Ukraine who have crossed to Poland, Hungary, Romania, Moldova and other countries is escalating and is now 368,000. "The governments and people of those countries are welcoming refugees. "It is now urgent to share this responsibility in concrete ways." In a statement, he added: "We are gravely concerned about the fast-deteriorating situation and ongoing military action in Ukraine. "The humanitarian consequences on civilian populations will be devastating. "There are no winners in war, but countless lives will be torn apart. "We have already seen reports of casualties and people starting to flee their homes to seek safety. JUST IN: 'Manufacturing threats!' US officials slam Putin after Russia issues deterrence alert "Civilian lives and civilian infrastructure must be protected and safeguarded at all times, in line with International Humanitarian Law. "UNHCR is working with the authorities, UN and other partners in Ukraine and is ready to provide humanitarian assistance wherever necessary and possible. "To that effect, security and access for humanitarian efforts must be guaranteed. "UNHCR is also working with governments in neighbouring countries, calling on them to keep borders open to those seeking safety and protection. "We stand ready to support efforts by all to respond to any situation of forced displacement. "Accordingly, we have stepped up our operations and capacity in Ukraine and neighbouring countries. READ MORE: Ukrainian translator reduced to tears while covering Zelenskyy's speech for German TV "We remain firmly committed to support all affected populations in Ukraine and countries in the region." A majority of those leaving Ukraine are said to be exiting via one of 12 border crossings with neighbour Poland, which registered some 156,000 arrivals on Sunday morning. However, others have reportedly opted to travel through Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and even Moldova. Most of those arriving are women, children and elderly people, according to the Guardian. Men aged 18 to 60 have been banned from leaving Ukraine and are instead urged to join the army in a bid to halt the advancing Russian forces. Polish and German media outlets even claim many Ukrainian men have brought their wives and children as close to the border as possible before returning to fight for freedom. DON'T MISS: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely' [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT] Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION] At least 17 European Union countries have offered Ukrainians medical equipment, tents and blankets. The Brussels bloc has also relaxed its travel restrictions to extend Ukrainians' 90-day visa-free stays to 180-days. Boris Johnson, 57, has also made a move to help Ukrainians fleeing war. Number 10 said: "In response to the growing concern of Ukrainians living in the UK about the welfare of their families back home, today the Prime Minister also confirmed that any person settled in the UK will be able to bring their Ukrainian immediate family members to join them here." It added: "This will benefit many thousands of people who at this moment are making desperate choices about their future."