A brave woman in Ukraine has been filmed confronting a Russian soldier invading her country in a clip that has since gone viral. Russia's military has been closing in on Kyiv after the invasion launched on Thursday saw a barrage of airstrikes on cities and military bases across Ukraine. In the footage, the woman can be seen approaching the soldier and asking: "Who are you?" The Russian soldier replies: "We have exercises here. Please go this way. On describing the troops are Russians the woman exclaims, "What the f*** are you doing here?" The soldier tries to defuse the situation saying: "Our discussion will lead to nothing." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  The woman does not back down and in stead yells at the soldier: "You're occupants, you're fascists! She continues: "What the f*** are you doing on our land with all these guns?" "Take these seeds and put them in your pockets, so at least sunflowers will grow when you all lie down here." The Kremlin's long-feared assault began in the early hours of Thursday with fierce fighting continuing across much of Ukraine.  British Ministry of Defence said a "fierce resistance" was holding up the Russian advance. Mr Ben Wallace told Sky News: "Our assessment as of this morning is that Russia has not taken any of its major objectives, in fact, it is behind its hoped-for timetable. "They've lost over 450 personnel. One of the significant airports they were trying to capture with their elite Spetsnaz has failed to be taken. "In fact, the Ukrainians have taken it back." DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] He added: "So, I think contrary to great Russian claims and indeed President Putin's sort of vision that somehow the Ukrainians would be liberated and would be flocking to his cause - he's got that completely wrong. "The Russian army has failed to deliver on day one its main objective." Mr Wallace ruled out Britain helping enforce a no-fly zone over Ukraine because the RAF fighting Russian jets would trigger a "war across Europe". "He is trying to invade Ukraine. He won't stop after Ukraine. He will use everything in the Baltic states. He doesn't believe the Baltic states are really countries," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.