This comes after rental homes have been discreetly reevaluated by the UK Government to determine their true tax bracket. Specifically, larger homes which rent to lodgers room-by-room are now being classified as multiple smaller properties. For example, a landlord who owns a five-bedroom house will have to pay five sets of council tax instead of one overall levy. Currently, there are around 500,000 homes in England which are classified as “houses in multiple occupation” or HMOs. Critics have criticised the potential impact this will have on the wholesale housing market with MPs within the Government suggesting that it could hurt supply. Penny Mourdaunt, a trade minister and Portsmouth North MP described the tax rise as a “growing problem” for landlords and “arbitrary”. Re-evaluations by the Government have largely taken place in areas with the most rental homes. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Experts believe this latest tax rise is a last ditch effort by councils to raise more income in difficult economic times. Through HMOs, landlords usually pay bills and council tax and then pass on a single monthly charge to their tenants. However, if council tax rises, landlords must take on the cost or pass it on in the form of higher rents. Similar properties even a stone's throw away from one another can be classified in a different way.  Understandably, this could create significant problems for landlords who may risk losing tenants as a result. Speaking to The Telegraph, Daryn Brewer, 43, shared how he will be impacted by this latest council tax hike. Mr Brewer is a landlord from Portsmouth, who lets out a six-bedroom property to lodgers who occupy his home. Recently, The Valuation Office Agency have informed him it has now been reclassified as six separate dwellings, As a result, his council tax bill has risen dramatically from £1,821 to £7,287. The landlord said: “This looks like the poll tax. It's an absolute mess.” Ian Fletcher, director of policy at the British Property Federation, outlined what the current situation is like for landlords. Mr Fletcher said: “Local authority budgets have been squeezed for more than a decade, so they need ways of getting more money. There is only one way revaluations will go, and that is up.” Wendy Whitaker-Large, a landlord and campaigner, said: “A year and a half ago, I was getting calls about this every few months. Now it's two or three times a week. It's about to blow up.” The activist explained how similar properties on the same street have been classified in a different way. She added: “It completely destroys the market and puts landlords at a massive disadvantage. Some landlords think they must foot the bill or the tenants will leave. Ms Whitaker-Large claimed a landlord in Hertfordshire had to declare bankruptcy once his two 12-bedroom properties were reclassified. In a statement, The VOA, part of HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC), said: "HMOs are assessed entirely on the individual characteristics and adaptations of each dwelling. The amount of tax any assessment will yield is not a consideration."