Almost 14 million Britons have been identified as high risk for developing type 2 diabetes, a condition which if left unmanaged can lead to severe complications including organ failure and leg amputations. However, by making changes to your diet you can turn back the clock on high blood sugar and your risk of diabetes. These are five foods you should add to your diet today to control your blood sugar better.  Risk factors for developing type 2 diabetes can include being overweight and eating a high-sugar and high-carbohydrate diet. Certain foods cause your blood sugar to spike after eating them, which is dangerous for diabetics and those who are at risk of developing diabetes. High blood sugar has also been associated with carrying higher levels of belly fat around your middle. So, those who are at risk of developing the condition are advised to make adjustments to their diet in order to reduce the likelihood of being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.  READ MORE: Dementia: The smelly sign that may 'precede' memory loss by 10 years You can reduce your risk of developing diabetes by losing weight too, which is why healthier choices are encouraged, and eating less sugar to prevent high blood sugar levels. Generally, people with diabetes are encouraged to watch the amount of sugar and carbohydrates they eat very carefully. High protein and high fibre meals with a focus on natural and whole-grain ingredients are encouraged for diabetics. What are some of the best foods to eat to keep your blood sugar stable? High in protein but low in calories, many dieters rely on eggs for a satisfying and healthy meal. A 2019 study found eating eggs for breakfast could help diabetics to keep their blood sugar levels steady throughout the day. You can boost the health credentials of your eggs by scrambling them with spinach, for extra vitamins and iron, or adding fresh vegetables to an omelette. Fish is another high-protein food, which is also a source of healthy fats your body needs to function and to help you feel full and satisfied after a meal. Salmon, sardines, herring, anchovies, and mackerel are particularly good sources of omega-3 fatty acids. Fatty fish is often recommended as a heart-healthy food, but studies have also suggested it can help stabilise your blood sugar levels. DON'T MISS:The mistake when having a poo can ‘cause haemorrhoids’ [UPDATE]Diabetes: The 'key' to managing blood sugar levels [INSIGHT]How to live longer: Food swap ‘could add over a decade to your life’ [TIPS]  Avocados are low in carbohydrates and sugar while being high in healthy plant-based fats. This makes them an ideal snack for people with diabetes, particularly when enjoyed on a slice of wholegrain toast. Avocados can also be added to salads, with a healthy source of protein, to make them more satisfying and keep you fuller for longer.  The cornerstone of any healthy diet, leafy green vegetables are essential in any diet. Full of vitamins and antioxidants while being low in calories and carbohydrates, filling up on leafy greens such as kale, spinach and swiss chard will boost your health. Especially handy if you are vegetarian, beans are another low-calorie, high-protein source of fibre. Black beans, kidney beans and chickpeas are all great sources of protein and fibre. These beans can be added to soups or stews, cooked into a bean chilli or make a delicious addition to a salad. 