  As Russia continues its assault on Ukraine, sources in Kyiv have claimed that Russian forces and pro-Russia saboteurs have been marking buildings to prepare for a major aerial assault. Pictures shared on Twitter showed large red crosses daubed onto a number of buildings in Kyiv including a few high rise apartment blocks. Some of the symbols are only visible under UV light, according to reports.  Authorities in the capital have issued warnings to citizens to be vigilant for suspicious symbols that could be tactics to aid Russia’s invasion as Kremlin troops neared the city on Monday, according to the MailOnline. Residents of Kyiv shared pictures of suspicious symbols on Twitter after Ukraine's State Service of Special Communications and Information Protection (DSSZZI) posted a warning on social media encouraging residents to cover them up. The post read: “City officials are asking residents of high-rise buildings who have access to the roof to urgently check the rooftops for symbols.” Kyiv authorities urged residents to cover any signs they found by smearing dirt over them or somehow obscuring them. The post read: “If any symbols are found, please cover them up with dirt or something else.   "Tags on wood can be either painted or covered with reflective tape.” Mayor of Kyiv Vitali Klitschko confirmed that the symbols could be target indicators over the weekend. The mayor tweeted: “City officials are urging citizens to immediately report tagged locations, submit photos to law enforcement, and report suspects who may be involved in tagging.'” “Labels are placed to adjust the fire of the occupying forces of the Russian Federation.” Russia used similar attacks during its military assault in Syria alongside Kremlin ally Bashar al-Assad. Military leaders told civilians to leave cities before carrying out heavy aerial bombardment alongside forces of the Assad regime. The warning came as Russian forces advanced on Ukraine’s capital city, with satellite images showing a deployment of Kremlin armed forces over three miles long approaching Kyiv on Sunday. READ MORE: Putin faces humiliation after Russian troops forced to beg for fuel  There are concerns that Kyiv could soon come under heavy attack after the Kremlin issued a chilling warning to civilians this morning, telling them to leave the city via a “safe highway” to the south-west. Kyiv has already been hit with Russian artillery fire along with the cities of Kharkiv, Zhytomyr, Zaporrizhia and Chernihiv. Small reflective tags have also been found around the city. Ukrainian authorities suspect these can be used to reflect and amplify any radar pulse that hits it to stand out among the rubble. The Ukrainian military has also said it has discovered a number of light-emitting beacons from various locations across the city which are believed to be target indicators for Russian aircraft or missiles. These objects, which can be used to guide missiles to their targets or help them avoid obstacles such as high-rise buildings or enemy fire, have been seized. A video shared on Twitter claimed to show a light-emitting transmitting device seized by Ukrainian forces. DON'T MISS:Russia rapidly becoming more isolated as 12 major diplomats expelled [BREAKING]Putin oil empire imploding: Shell joins BP in cutting ties with Russia [LATEST]Putin facing shell shock as US moves to 'choke' Russia [INSIGHT]  Dozens of civilians have been killed and hundreds wounded in Russian rock strikes on Ukraine’s second largest city Kharkiv, which has witnessed some of the heaviest fighting since Russia invaded the country in the early hours of Thursday morning. Ukrainian officials said Kharkiv was hit in the early hours of Monday morning with residential buildings and a shopping centre among buildings targeted. Military experts have said Russia appears to have used cluster munitions in the attacks against civilians, which would constitute a war crime. A Russian missile also caused severe damage to a residential high-rise apartment block in Kyiv on Sunday. 