With Russia launching a full-scale invasion of its Southern neighbour, and Russian troops moving in on the capital, Kyiv, condemnation of the move is flowing in thick and fast against Vladimir Putin. Yet some anti-Brexit agitators are blaming the crisis on Britain leaving the EU.  One writer, Chris Hoar suggested the British Government is two-faced over Ukraine. Writing on Twitter, Mr Hoar said: “Downing street lit up in Ukrainian colours whilst suspending visa's for Ukrainian nationals. “If you want a real example of "virtue signalling" that is it!” Mr Hoar added: “To be clear, I am talking about the suspension of visa applications for Ukrainians currently in Ukraine unless they are married to a brit, and its f** appalling! “Meanwhile Ireland has done the opposite and suspended the need for a visa completely!”  The comments caused a furious reaction from Daniel Hannan, Baron of Kingsclere. Slamming the notion down as “disgusting” and "untrue", the former politician took to Twitter to vent his anger at rejoiners. He said: “Completely untrue. But more than 40k 'likes' because blue heart, 'hatred of Brexit' etc. “The determination of FBPE Twitter to twist even the Ukrainian tragedy into an attack on their own country is no longer surprising; but it is still disgusting.” The reaction came as anti-Brexit sentiment remains rife across social media.  READ MORE:'They are in bunkers' Motsi Mabuse shares update on in-laws in Ukraine Blaming Brexit directly, Marcus Chown told 50,000 on Twitter: “Unfortunately, a vote for Brexit was a vote for Putin to invade Ukraine because it weakened the Western alliance and emboldened Putin. “Putin’s people engineered this by bankrolling the Conservative Party and the Brexit campaign, which is why Johnson has hidden the Russia Report.” The debate comes as confusion circulates over Britain’s promise to assist the people of Ukraine. Adding to the debate, Colin Yeo, an author who wrote ‘Welcome to Britain – Fixing Our Broken Immigration System’ said on Twitter: “Wow. Literally today the Home Office has released a short briefing explaining how its new anti-refugee law will enable deportation of a Ukrainian (or other) refugee who passes through a third country on the way to the UK for “overseas asylum processing”.  DON'T MISS:Prince George could face major move [ROYALS]Gardening revolution in full swing - latest trend [REPORT]China's ties with Russia tested as Beijing fails to back war [REVEAL] The report Mr Yeo refers to on the Government’s website said: “It is possible to remove someone to a safe third country whilst their asylum claim is pending. “Provided that removal is in line with the UK’s international obligations and the country an individual is being removed to meets the safety criteria set out in the Bill.” The move could mean any Ukrainian refugees seeking a safer haven in Britain may be sent to a third country whilst awaiting processing. With many people escaping war, human rights bodies have questioned whether Europe is ready for a wave of Ukrainian migrants. Reports suggest up to 5 million people could seek refuge across Europe should the situation deteriorate.  Reliefweb, part of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, or OCHA says: “Next to dealing with the most urgent needs of displaced Ukrainians, a bigger issue is at stake here. “With the European Union divided on how to jointly respond to migration pressures and frustrated by how its commitments to asylum rights have undermined its position in recent geopolitical conflicts, for example, Belarus, it will be essential for EU policymakers to demonstrate to the public that the bloc is able to manage and control arrivals, has a plan for how to temporarily receive displaced Ukrainians, and can avoid chaotic border scenes.” It ended: “For it is these scenes of chaos and poor management that have fuelled an ever-growing list of reactive and restrictive stances on humanitarian protection and migration across the bloc in the past months.” 