Ms Lenna won the Miss Grand International Beauty contest in 2015 and since the unprovoked Russian attack on Ukraine has decided to follow her fellow citizens and pick up arms to defend her country. The former beauty queen posted a photo on her Instagram page of her in her combat gear holding an assault rifle while training for the frontline.  She threatened Russian troops in another post of her and her troop taking part in a roadblock saying: “Everyone who crosses the Ukrainian border with the intent to invade will be killed!” In the post advises her 192,000 followers on tips to confuse Russian troops by changing and removing road signs. She said: “Dismantling road signs on all roads of the country. The enemy has a pathetic connection, they don’t orientate the terrain. Let’s help them go straight to h**l. “The State Road Agency of Ukraine calls on all road organisations, territorial communities, local authorities to immediately start dismantling road signs nearby.”  In another post Ms Lenna applauded the Ukrainian army stating that they were fighting so successfully that “NATO should apply for entry into Ukraine”. She is able to speak five languages, studied management and marketing at Kyiv’s Slavistik University before becoming a model and public relations manager in Turkey. Ms Lenna praised Ukrainian President Zelenskyy as “a true and strong leader” after he remained in the besieged capital city of Kyiv despite being “target number 1” for Russia. President Zelenskyy of Ukraine urged any and all citizens to fight for Ukraine and that any citizens who are prepared to do so will be issued weapons. READ MORE:BBC's ex-Russia reporter explains reason Putin hasn't invaded Kyiv UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has sanctioned British civilians to go to Poland and cross the border into Ukraine to fight alongside the Ukrainians if they wish to do so. Martial law in Ukraine has deemed that all men between the ages of 18 and 60 must stay in the country in case they are needed to fight. There is no rule on women having to stay behind but many have done like mother-of-three Dr Marta Yuzkic who chose to leave her home and her children to protect Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning (INSIGHT)'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can (ANALYSIS)Dr Mosley shares easy ways to get rid of 'harmful' belly fat (REVEAL)  The doctor said: “I won’t allow them [Russia] to take our land and our freedom. They don’t believe in our right to exist. We have to defend, and we will win. “We will resist until the last Russian soldiers will leave Ukraine.” Training in territorial defence, gun courses, and tactical medical training has been given to Ukrainian civilians on a voluntary basis to prepare for the invasion. 