From unlimited drinks packages to spa treatments, cruise guests normally have an incredible array of extras to add to their holiday. One Reddit user asked for advice about an extra. Reddit user, ‘Christopher_Powell’ said they had been offered an upgrade to a balcony room for $200 (£147) on a six night cruise. They said it was an “easy choice” to upgrade but wanted to know if other regular cruise guests agreed. One user, ‘danielleh93’ said: “I have to have a balcony. I don’t even look at the interior anymore even though it used to be all we got. “But for me, a huge part of cruising is sitting on the balcony reading and listening to the ocean so I absolutely get used to it.” READ MORE: ‘We were always starving’: Spain expats say eating hours made it hard Another holidaymaker said: “I’ve been trying to get a cruise to Alaska and I need a balcony. “It’s only my second cruise and I learned the hard way that I can't do interior cruising and I want to see the Alaskan scenery when I wake up.” One said: “You will regret it if you don’t!” Interior rooms have no windows and are located in the middle of the cruise ship. They are usually the cheapest option. Passengers can also book an ocean view room which will have a window but no balcony area. ‘BHyler1’ said: “It depends a lot on the itinerary. We spend a lot of time on our balcony, watching the ocean and relaxing in private. “So we always book a balcony with full ocean views port and starboard. However, if we are on a port intensive route with few sea days, then we might do interior or ocean view windows. “Or if we are in a very cold climate we usually pick an ocean view. It depends a lot on the price difference. “But again it all depends on the itinerary. We mostly do sea day intensive routes, we love being on the ocean!” However, one passenger said: “I like the absolute darkness an inside room gives me when sleeping off the copious amounts of alcohol I drink.” An interior room will be pitch black when passengers are trying to get to sleep which could be a bonus for some. ‘FireBuilder86’ said: “We had a balcony for one of our Alaska cruises, but still found that we spent more time on the public decks. “Especially in the narrow passages, we found it was more enjoyable to take in the whole view and be able to go back and forth between both sides of the ship. “On our balcony, we didn’t feel like we were seeing everything.” For some passengers, the pandemic has changed their view on balcony rooms. When Covid first hit, some passengers were stuck on cruise ships in quarantine. ‘Hectagon0421’ said: “Because of the pandemic and the horrible images at the start from cruise passenger stranded on the ship, I think the balcony is worth a lot more than it usually would be.” However, another passenger said: “Don’t listen to the people who bring it up because of quarantines. “Some people love to live their life based off of things that impact 0.01 percent of people.”