Arsenal hero Paul Merson believes his former club should sell star players Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe if they don't sign new contracts this summer. Saka and Smith Rowe have been two of Arsenal's standout performers so far this season as the Gunners hunt Champions League qualification for the first time in six years. Smith Rowe is the club's leading goalscorer in all competitions this term with 10 strikes to his name, with Saka second on eight. The academy graduates are both England internationals and will be contesting for a spot in Gareth Southgate's World Cup squad later this year. Smith Rowe only signed a new five-year contract last July to keep him at the club until 2026. Saka's contract expires two years earlier however and there have been rumours of potential transfer interest from Liverpool. JUST IN: Lewandowski issues statement as Poland refuse to play Russia after Ukraine invasion  Merson believes new five-year deals should be put on the table for both players. And he claims if they don't want to sign, Arsenal should cash in this summer. "They are top drawer and they are going to be vital to Arsenal finishing in the top four this season," Merson wrote for the Daily Star. "But I think Arsenal should get them tied down now. DON'T MISSRalf Rangnick identifies three summer signings he wants to make for next Man Utd manager [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel speaks out after MP demands Roman Abramovich sells club [QUOTES]Declan Rice has clear 'first choice' between Chelsea and Man Utd if he leaves West Ham [REPORT]  "They should be talking now about five-year contracts. Get them signed, and if they don’t want to sign, then sell them in the summer. "Don’t hang around and let them run their contracts down and let them go for next to nothing. Test the water because there will be teams chasing them." Smith Rowe missed Arsenal's win over Wolves on Thursday due to illness but scored in the previous win over Brentford. Saka also netted against the Bees and Merson says Gunners chiefs should have been straight onto the phone of the players' agents to get new deals thrashed out. He added: "If you get those two on five-year contracts, what a buzz that is if you’re an Arsenal fan.  "You’re thinking Arsenal are going places and the club’s future is secure. "Saka and Smith Rowe both scored against Brentford. Straight after the game I’m calling their agents and saying: 'How much do you want?' "You should be giving these kids a pay rise. A big one. They’re the future of Arsenal and you need to tie them down ASAP. "Get them tied down now. Don’t keep them waiting. That’s all it is with Arsenal sometimes – wait, wait, wait. I’m worried they will leave."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here