  Former BBC Breakfast host Louise Minchin has applauded Emily Maitlis for exiting the BBC after 20 years with the broadcaster. The Newsnight presenter and the BBC’s former North America editor Jon Sopel have announced their decision to quit in order to join the media group Global, which owns LBC.     Louise, 53, took to Twitter last night where she gave her thoughts on Emily’s choice to step down, in view of her 244,300 followers. Emily, 51, announced her news yesterday in a series of tweets to her 456,600 followers. Tagging Jon, 62, and Dino Sofos, who is the founder of audio production company Persephonica, she expressed her excitement at starting a new chapter of her career. “Some work news,” Emily wrote, “@BBCJonSopel and I are going to launch a brand new podcast with @Global, exec produced by @dinosofos.       “It’s an amazing opportunity to do something we all love, and we are so thrilled Global is giving us this opportunity to be big and ambitious with this project. “@dinosofos has been the powerhouse behind Brexitcast, Newscast and Americast, and we are delighted his new company @persephonica will be producing this major new podcast with Global. “Nevertheless, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after 20 phenomenal years. “I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there.     “More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends. “I owe my BBC colleagues everything,” Emily concluded. In response to Emily’s first tweet about joining Global, Louise sent her former colleague her best wishes. “Congratulations,” Louise tweeted out, with three hands clapping emojis.     Louise waved goodbye to her colleagues on BBC Breakfast on September 15 last year after almost 20 years of working on the show. Since then, the presenter has also joined the world of podcasting with a series called Push Your Peak. The journalist, who previously competed in ITV’s I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, gave an update on the podcast on Monday. “Just to let you know the first episode of my @wattbike podcast #pushyourpeak comes out this Wednesday (February 23) and who better to start with than endurance cyclist extraordinaire @mrmarkbeaumont who was fabulously honest, giving huge insights into how he got through tough events,” she penned.      “I have loved doing these podcasts and have learnt so much for every one of my guests. Thanks to all of them and I hope you enjoy listening to them too. The countdown has begun…” Meanwhile, Emily and Jon will front a new podcast for Global Player, host a radio show together on LBC, and provide commentary and analysis for the station’s website. The move means that both journalists will be able to share their opinions without the BBC's impartiality rules getting in the way. The pair will follow in the footsteps of Andrew Marr, who left the BBC after 21 years to host his own show on LBC at the beginning of this year.  