Ukraine's US Embassy in Washington claimed a group of Russian soldiers had surrendered to Ukrainian forces. Russia launched a "special operation" into Ukraine on Thursday morning, sparking fears Vladimir Putin will seek to inglobate the whole country into Russia. Ambassador Oksana Markarova said: "We've had confirmation from our Chief Commander one of the platoons of the 74th Motorised Brigade from Kemerovo has surrendered.  "Also noting they didn't know they were brought in to Ukraine to kill Ukrainians. "They thought they were doing something else there." Ms Markarova said the Ukrainian military was fighting back against a Russian invasion and that "all Ukrainians" would resist the assault. She held a press conference at the Ukrainian embassy in Washington after Russia launched its attack, calling for other nations to join Ukraine in cutting diplomatic ties with Russia and to impose harsh sanctions. JUST IN: Millions of Britons to feel impacts from 'shortages' of EIGHT key exports  The Ambassador added: "Now Ukraine has activated our right to self-defense in accordance with international law. "The combat spirit of Ukrainian military is high. We are fighting, we will be fighting - not only our brave and motivated military but all Ukrainians." President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he had no other option but to order what he has called a special operation against Ukraine, saying all of Moscow's previous attempts to change the security situation had come to nothing. Joe Biden has said Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction that its attack on Ukraine will bring. READ MORE: Russia allies: 7 key countries that could side with Putin now Ukraine invasion has started The US deployed an approximate 20 Apache military attack to Lielvarde military airfield in Latvia on Thursday, hours after Russian forces invaded Ukraine. The arrival of the choppers was first announced last week, when it was billed as a participation to the bi-annual international US-led exercise Saber Strike. But on Thursday the Lithuanian defence minister was describing them as part of US military reinforcements to the Baltic region after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Some forty U.S. service members arrived in Latvia from Italy earlier on Thursday, the first group of what is expected to be a deployment of more than 300 troops, the Latvian Defense Ministry said. DON'T MISS Call for tougher rules as new variant may be 'more lethal' [REVEAL] EU loses €25bn as UK and Switzerland strike OWN 'alliance' [INSIGHT] Macron fury as UK's Galileo replacement storms ahead [REPORT] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said Ukraine was listening to the sound of a new iron curtain falling as Russian troops advanced across his country's territory and he warned that other European countries may be next. He said: "What we have heard today are not just missile blasts, fighting, and the rumble of aircraft. "This is the sound of a new iron curtain, which has come down and is closing Russia off from the civilised world. "Our national task is to make sure this curtain does not fall across our land."