On Thursday, the US Treasury announced sanctions which targeted nearly 80 percent of all banking assets in Russia, which included the country’s two largest banks. The UK followed suit, with Boris Johnson announcing all major Russian banks will have their assets frozen and be excluded from the UK financial system. Mr Johnson told Parliament of the UK’s sanctions: “These powers will enable us totally to exclude Russian banks from the UK financial system, which is of course by far the largest in Europe, stopping them from accessing sterling and clearing payments through the UK.” However, while the EU’s sanctions include 70 percent of the Russian banking market, it has yet to cover euro clearing. Clearing is the process through which financial transactions are settled, between the pledge of a payment and the payment itself. Under the UK and US sanctions, Russian banks cannot use dollar and pound sterling clearing, which means transactions from Moscow cannot be settled. Anton Spisak, senior fellow at Tony Blair Institute, noted the discrepancy between the UK and US sanctions and the bloc’s on Twitter. He said: “The US and UK have now cut off Russian banks from dollar and sterling clearing. “But the EU and its regulators haven't yet reciprocated with euro clearing. “The lack of coordination among the Western governments on what should be uncontroversial measures is shocking." Tom McTague, writer at The Atlantic, added simply: “What is the EU playing at?” READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia war LIVE: Europe funding Putin’s war! Twitter users responded to Mr McTague’s comment and skewered the EU for not matching Britain and the US. User @BucketsOf_Rain said: “It's the famous commitment to unity, shared values and peace that we keep hearing about.” Another user, Roland Smith, added: “What it delivers with size/clout, it loses with inertia.” User @nobdy_imp1h pointed out “some noted Europeans seem less than impressed”, and shared Donald Tusk’s scathing indictment of the bloc. Mr Tusk, former President of the European Council, attacked Germany and Italy over sanctions - and said they have “disgraced themselves”. He said: “In this war everything is real: Putin’s madness and cruelty, Ukrainian victims, bombs falling on Kyiv. “Only your sanctions are pretended [sic]. Those EU governments which blocked tough decisions (i.a. Germany, Hungary, Italy) have disgraced themselves.” It followed German Chancellor Olaf Scholz leading EU leaders in blocking sanctions targeting Russia’s access to SWIFT. Dmytro Kuleba, Ukrainian Foreign Minister pleaded for Russia to be excluded from the Belgium-based network, declaring "everyone who now doubts whether Russia should be banned from SWIFT has to understand that the blood of innocent Ukrainian men, women and children will be on their hands too”. At a summit in Brussels, Mr Scholz indicated the EU should "reserve" a SWIFT ban "for a situation where it is necessary to do other things as well”. Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki admitted after the summit: “Many leaders share the view that Russia needs to be excluded from the SWIFT system, but unanimity is needed to pass the sanctions." An EU diplomat told Politico: “We have to wait until Kyiv is carpet-bombed before we can isolate Putin economically.”