Antonio Rudiger looks more and more likely to leave Chelsea with every passing day with his contract set to expire in the summer. Many European clubs have been in the race for his signature given that they can agree a pre-contract deal with the German at any given point - although the Mirror say that Manchester United are interested in him, which could spell the end of Harry Maguire's spell at Old Trafford. The captain has come under heavy criticism of late which has led to speculation over his future. Express Sport takes a look at five teams the England star could join. Leicester City Maguire really made his name at Leicester, becoming a star in the midlands after the club bought him for a fee of £17million from Hull in 2017. At the end of his first season he was awarded player of the season and players' player of the season, although he has been unable to carry that form into his spell at Old Trafford. Leicester have struggled defensively this season, having conceded 43 in just 23 games and sitting 12th in the Premier League table. And Maguire's knowledge of the club and his expertise at the King Power in the past could offer both parties a fresh start. READ MORE: Medvedev explains how Liverpool star Mo Salah left him 'super happy'  Bayern Munich Rudiger's main interest hails from Bayern Munich at the moment, with the German seemingly ready for a move back to his homeland. Yet if he moves to United, Bayern could still be in the market for a centre-back. It is slightly far-fetched to think that a deal could happen, but Maguire's ability on the ball could see him become a key asset for the Bavarians. JUST IN: Man Utd tight-lipped on Aeroflot sponsorship despite Russia sanctions Tottenham Tottenham's defensive woes worsened on Wednesday in the dour 1-0 loss to Burnley. Cristian Romero's inability to deal with Ben Mee's towering header showed the defensive frailties and leadership Tottenham lack. Maguire would bring those to the table, and he would be revitalised in a team that is also in the hunt for Europe. Chelsea If Rudiger was to depart Chelsea for United, it would open up a defensive spot at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea would likely replace him with Jules Kounde of Sevilla, with the Frenchman's release clause coming into play in the summer. Yet with Andreas Christensen, Thiago Silva and Cesar Azpilicueta's contracts expiring in the summer, Maguire could be seen as a potential back-up option to Kounde. Newcastle Money-laden Newcastle made no secret of their attempts to land an elite centre-back in the winter, with bids for Diego Carlos and Sven Botman being rejected due to European commitments from Seville and Lille respectively. Having signed Dan Burn, they are one more centre-back short of a new-look defence that could propel them into the top half of the Premier League. Maguire may not have shown title-winning form at United, but the Sheffield-born star is more than capable of leading the majority of Premier League defences. And Newcastle's newfound riches could see him make a move to the north east, perhaps rivalling United for a Champions League spot.