A “technical issue” caused the British Airways website and app to go offline yesterday evening as passengers suffered severe delays at Heathrow airport. On Saturday, all short-haul flights until midday were cancelled causing chaos for British tourists. Customers have reacted angrily as they suffered lengthy delays and last-minute cancellations. One Twitter user said: “British Airways is an absolute shambles trying to upload documents and check in. “Given up. Feel sorry for the folk working at the desks tomorrow.” Jeanne Marie-Martin tweeted: “British Airways, thanks for cancelling my parents’ flight home to Glasgow at the last minute! READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip for ‘delicious’ item’ - ‘always order it’ “No hotel room or any compensation, in their 70s, just flown overnight from Johannesburg, really not good enough.” Deidre Dalton tweeted: “We checked in our bags last night and couldn’t retrieve them. “Which means we could not fly out with another airline to enjoy our holiday. Nobody at BA answering phone or email since 5:30am!” Charlotte Nichol tweeted: “Had to abandon our bags at Heathrow today. Website won’t accept our info when we are trying to sort it. “No one answering phones. Could anyone advise us what to do? Our flight was cancelled from Heathrow to Newcastle.” Maggie Hopkins tweeted: “I’m out of pocket, no holiday and Heathrow parking are keeping my parking fee for the week. “All due to BA cancelling the flight at less than two hours notice.” In a response to a customer, British Airways tweeted that it was not “currently anticipating any disruption to our flying schedule tomorrow so flights to and from Heathrow should be operating tomorrow.” On its website, British Airways said: “We’re extremely sorry, a number of our flights are disrupted today due to significant technical issues. “If we’ve contacted you to say your flight has been cancelled or you’re awaiting baggage, please don’t go to the airport.” Heathrow tweeted: “Due to the technical issues affecting British Airways systems earlier today, there could be some knock-on disruption to flights this afternoon. “Passengers should continue to check the status of their flight with British Airways before travelling to the airport.” There was speculation that the technical issue was due to a cyber attack. However, the airline has reportedly denied this. British Airways was banned from landing in Russia on Friday. The ban followed a UK Government block on Russian carrier Aeroflot in Britain after the invasion of Ukraine. Transport secretary, Grant Shapps, has also announced a ban on all Russian private jets landing in the UK in response to the attack. In a tweet, he said: “I’ve strengthened our ban in the UK so that no Russian private jet can fly in UK airspace, or touchdown - effective immediately.” Express.co.uk has contacted British Airways for comment.