Her Majesty appears to be recovering from COVID-19 less than a week after Buckingham Palace announced she had contracted the virus. She had cancelled a planned meeting with virtual audiences due to her illness on Tuesday and Thursday, but is now thought to be ready to carry out "light duties". Royal sources told the Daily Mail she is "on the mend" despite fears surrounding her health. While the Queen was sounding a "little croaky", she is said to be in good spirits. Many have speculated what the Queen and other members of the Royal Family might do when they come down with the virus or when they have any downtime. It is known that the Royal Family enjoys a night in front of the TV, with members like Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge thought to be partial to a bit of Strictly Come Dancing. But what might the Queen enjoy watching over a cup of tea? Writing for the latest edition of The New Statesman, journalist Phil Jones claims to have the answer. Suggesting he has kept it secret for 21 years, he recalled a meeting with the monarch in 2001, when he was invited to a media function at Buckingham Palace. While conceding his belief that journalists should not reveal their conversations with the Queen, given that he is now leaving BBC Radio 2 he thinks now is the right time to tell everyone that Her Majesty's favourite show is ‒ or at least was at the time ‒ The Kumars at No 42. He said she was so infatuated with it that she could even "recite some of the one-liners" from it. Mr Jones wrote: "In 2001, I was invited to a media function at Buckingham Palace. "We chatted for ages, which I can tell you is rather surreal. "My brain kept saying, 'Bloody hell I’m talking to the Queen and I can’t think of a single thing to say!' JUST IN: POLL: Do royal scandals bother you, or is monarchy strong as ever? "In the end, I alighted on, 'What’s your favourite programme?' "Straightaway, she said ‘The Kumars at No. 42' and, even more astonishingly, proceeded to recite some of the one-liners from the grandma character, played by the brilliant Meera Syal." He added that she also admitted to being a big fan of Terry Wogan. Mr Jones said this did not come as much of a surprise as he knew she liked to listen to BBC Radio 2, which Mr Wogan had a slot on. The Kumars at No 42 was a British television show that spanned seven seasons from 2001 to 2006. It starred the now-celebrated Sanjeev Bhaskar as Sanjeev Kumar, an aspiring chat show host who welcomed celebrity guests to his home to chat with them. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew's 'habit of appearing where he's not wanted' [REPORT] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry honoured with 'prestigious' new award [INSIGHT] 'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights [ANALYSIS] All would start to go wrong when Sanjeev's family started to interrupt the conversations, with the celebs ending up chatting more with his mother, father and grandmother. A six-episode series was commissioned in 2014 renamed simply to The Kumars. It followed a now-divorced Sanjeev and his family, who lived in a flat above their gift shop. Elsewhere in the Royal Family, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall has expressed the joy she has found in listening to the BBC Radio 4 drama, The Archers. In December 2021, she marked the programme's 70th anniversary at a Clarence House reception. Camilla said: "For as long as I can remember, I have loved this programme. "It has been my faithful companion for a large part of my life. "Like many other Archers addicts, I have been known to become quite ratty if disturbed between 7pm and 7.15pm – and, like thousands of others, had severe withdrawal symptoms when you all-but-disappeared during lockdown! "But I'm very glad you’re back, let's keep it that way." Prince Harry has also provided intimate insight into his watching habits after he appeared on James Corden's The Late Late Show in February 2021. Speaking of an average night for himself and Meghan Markle, Harry said: "Meg might cook a meal, we might order a takeaway, go upstairs, sit in bed, turn the TV on, watch some Jeopardy (a US gameshow), maybe watch a little bit of Netflix."