A home builder and transport firm have joined ranks to offer the complimentary passes. The Ayrshire initiative in Scotland hopes to encourage residents to use public transport.   Persimmon Homes and Stagecoach West Scotland are providing free bus passes to the first 65 home buyers at the housing development Fairfields in Monkton. The unique scheme will provide eligible households with an annual Stagecoach smartcard. Additionally, the smartcard will be transferable within each household. This means all family members can use it at different times to get to or from work, education, healthcare or social events. READ MORE: Pensioners to get MASSIVE 20% pay hike - When it will happen and what it means for you     The lucky recipients will be able to use direct services in Ayrshire with links into Glasgow as well. Stagecoach has also revealed its X77 express services will be rerouted through Monkton later this year. Two recipients, Ross Hill and Partner Laura Barrett moved to Fairfields in December 2021 and applied for their smartcard. Mr Hill works as a pharmacist and said that the smartcard has helped him explore the surrounding town.  He said: “We are both looking forward to being able to travel to and from Glasgow well past midnight which saves us from leaving our nights early to catch trains or trying to find hotels.” He added that it changed his approach to using public transport completely. Additionally, the cost-effectiveness and environmentally-friendly attributes were also highly attractive to the couple. Mr Hill continued: “We are very impressed and see ourselves opting to take the bus whenever possible now.”  The scheme appears to be bringing smiles for all involved, as the managing director of Persimmon Homes West Scotland noted it helped to epitomise some of the firm’s values. Chris Logan noted: “It makes great sense to encourage residents to leave the car at home if there is a viable alternative – whether that is walking, cycling or, in this case, quality public transport.” He added that the diversion through Monkton on the way to Glasgow also indicated a positive step towards gradually changing travel habits. “We felt that facilitating the diversion of Glasgow bus service through Monkton was a positive step towards encouraging and enabling people to change travel habits and opt for public transport.”  This is to help incentivise more people to consider using public transport as one bus full of passengers can remove up to 75 cars from the road. As managing director of Stagecoach West Scotland Fiona Doherty noted: “We’re really proud of our partnership with Persimmon which we’re confident will encourage residents to choose sustainable transport as soon as they move to this development in Monkton.” “The use of bus also relieves congestion in our towns and cities while providing better air quality for the community.” She also added that the Euro VI buses being used in the Monkton area use the latest technology to reduce their carbon emissions.