Shakhtar Donetsk and Dynamo Kiev’s Brazilian players appealed for help after Russia’s recent attack on Ukraine. Martial law has been announced across Ukraine by president Volodymyr Zelensky. Up to 40 people in the Ukraine have reportedly been killed by the initial attacks which saw Russian missiles target air bases and military infrastructure in up to 25 cities in the Ukraine. The events have also prompted the immediate halting of the Ukrainian Premier League. It was supposed to have recommenced this weekend after its winter break, but it has been paused for another 30 days. And several Brazilian players from Shakhtar Donetsk and Dynamo Kiev have reached out to their government to ask for support and help during the worrying times. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Here we are all gathered, Dynamo and Shakhtar players, with our families, staying here at the hotel because of the situation," Shakhtar midfielder Marlon Santos said in a video with the players and their families, via ESPN. "We are here asking for your help, due to the lack of conditions in the city, closed borders, closed airspace. There's no way we can get out. We ask a lot of support from the government of Brazil, which can help us." In addition, one of the players’ wives also added: "We women are with our children and feeling a little abandoned. “We don't know what to do, nothing [information] comes to us. We make an appeal to you, even for the sake of the children. Each one left the house running to come to the hotel." DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message 35 Brazilian footballers are believed to be competing in the Ukraine. Russian troops launched many wide-ranging attacks across the Ukraine with Russian president Vladimir Putin threatening “consequences you have never seen” to any countries who interfere. Dozens of world leaders have already condemned the aggressive attacks from Russian forces. Other sources also understand UEFA are set to strip Saint-Petersburg of the hosting rights of this season’s Champions League final. Ukrainian foreign minister Dimitry Kuleba has described the attacks as a “full-scale invasion of Ukraine”, while Ukrainian Police also claim more than 200 attacks have been carried out since Thursday morning. Boris Johnson has responded to the horrific events by stating a ‘massive package of sanctions” which will “hobble the Russian economy” will be deployed. “Ukraine is a country that for decades has enjoyed freedom and democracy and the right to choose its own destiny." Johnson said in a statement. "We and the world cannot allow that freedom just to be snuffed out. We cannot and will not just look away. "Today, in concert with our allies, we will agree a massive package of economic sanctions designed in time to hobble the Russian economy. "And to that end, we must also collectively cease the dependence on Russian oil and gas that for too long has given Putin his grip on western politics."