Rio Ferdinand has two reasons to believe Tottenham boss Antonio Conte will quit ahead of next season. Conte had overseen a run of four defeats in five matches before Saturday’s 4-0 thrashing of Leeds and hinted earlier in the week that his future needed to be ‘assessed’. A 1-0 reverse against Burnley last Wednesday prompted Conte to make the admission. “It was difficult tonight and not only tonight — in the last five games we lost four games,” he said in a brief press conference after that loss. “It means there will be assessment, assessment about the club, about me. The club has to make an assessment, also to speak together, to understand which is the best solution.” The victory over a dismal Leeds side offered some respite for Spurs and Conte. However, former Manchester United defender Ferdinand thinks some of Conte’s public outbursts, coupled with a squad far weaker than other top-four rivals, will prompt the former Chelsea boss to depart.   JUST IN: Matty Cash booked as Villa man shows shirt message to Poland star Spurs managed to make only two additions to Conte’s squad during the January transfer window. It was believed that the head coach wanted more. "I don't think he'll be there after the summer," Ferdinand said on BT Sport before Tottenham's win. "Based on what I've seen in the media and the players he's got there. "I think he'll be quite comfortable going: 'listen, I didn't know it was that bad’. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He's not someone who will look back and regret that, I'll be very surprised if he's still here." Meanwhile, Conte felt his side’s first goal proved his methods are ‘working’. Left wing-back Ryan Sessegnon crossed for his opposite number, Matt Doherty, to tap home. Conte has had varying success with his the 3-4-3 that he deployed so well during his last Premier League spell – with Chelsea between 2016 and 2018. He said: “For the first time I have seen my mark, about this system. The creation from one wing-back and the other wing-back scoring.    DON'T MISS...Arsenal hero Paul Merson proved correct as Tottenham hammer LeedsMatty Cash booked as Villa man shows shirt message to Poland starLeeds have 'unusual' problem to overcome to sack Marcelo Bielsa “It means that the work is starting to work. It was a good performance for us against a strong team that is not simple to play against. “Today we played a really good game, good football. What I wanted to see today was the right spirit, the right character to fight and win the ball and duels, against a team that are masters in this situation. “Today I asked this to my players. I wanted an answer not only in football aspects but also in these aspects are very important in my opinion. “Usually my teams are not only strong on the pitch but mentally in their desire and spirit. The opponent that plays us has to know this. We are also working on this aspect. “I asked for this answer, especially after the Burnley defeat. We lost that game because the opponents had more desire.”