Charlotte Casiraghi, 35, is a Monégasque model, socialite, and writer. But she is best-known for being the second child and only daughter of Princess Caroline and the Italian industrialist Stefano Casiraghi. She is eleventh in line to the throne of Monaco. When Charlotte wed Dimitri Rassam, 40, a Lebanese-French film producer, in 2019, she channeled both her mother and grandmother. Like most female members of her family, Charlotte had two weddings – a civil ceremony and a religious ceremony. For the civil ceremony in June 2019, Charlotte and Dimitrie wed in one of the state rooms in the Palace of Monaco. This was where Grace’s civil ceremony was held too, as well as Princess Charlene of Monaco’s big day. READ MORE: Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims For the civil ceremony, Charlotte donned a simple but elegant grey brocade minidress, designed by Anthony Vaccarello for Saint Laurent. The dress had long sleeves and a scallop hem. It also featured three large bows down its centre, in the same soft grey as the dress. Charlotte finished off the look with white stilettos.  The dress drew comparisons to the outfit Grace wore to her civil ceremony in 1956, which was a pale pink tea dress featuring an embroidered design in an ivory-cream colour. Grace then changed into a white silk Lanvin gown, and Charlotte did the same after her civil ceremony. Charlotte’s Chanel dress also paid homage to her grandmother as the bodice emulated the white gown Grace wore in the 1955 film To Catch a Thief. The young bride even wore a jewel that belonged to Grace – a Cartier necklace that was given to the late Princess as a wedding gift. The necklace featured a collection of 64-carat diamonds, set in a three-strand design. Made in 1953, it was gifted to Grace by Prince Rainier. Grace wore the necklace on numerous occasions while she was Princess, including for multiple portraits. After Grace’s tragic death in 1982, the jewel was given to the Palais Princier Collection in the Palace of Monaco. A few weeks after their civil ceremony, Charlotte and Dimitri celebrated their religious wedding in Provence in the south of France. For this occasion, Charlotte wore a white flowing dress with a sheer neckline and sleeves. Designed by Giambattista Valli, the gown was reminiscent of the dress Princess Caroline wore when she married property developer Philippe Junot in 1978. Phillippe was Caroline’s first husband before she married Charlotte’s father, Stefano, in 1983.