Ozark made its highly anticipated return to Netflix in January and it took the world by storm, however, its jaw-dropping finale saw the unexpected deaths of two fan-favourites. Thankfully for fans, Netflix released a teaser trailer and it looked as though Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) could take her brutal revenge with a rampage killing spree.  Ozark season 4 part 1 spoilers ahead. Throughout the first half of season four, the Byrde family were focused on putting the money laundering behind them and moving back to Chicago. The Navarro Cartel boss, Omar Navarro (Felix Solis) who had initially hired them was also ready to give up his life of crime and let the family go free. However, his outrageous conditions meant the Byrdes had to make a deal with the FBI to ensure he wouldn’t receive time in prison for his crimes. Navarro agreed to work as an informant, to ensure he would be able to travel between the United States and Mexico freely after passing the Cartel on to his nephew Javi (Alfonso Herrera). READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?  Javi was introduced in season four as Omar’s unflinching murderous nephew who was next in line to become the head of the second-largest Mexican drug cartel. He quickly used fear to establish dominance and kept everyone on edge, including powerful queenpin Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). After the cartel moved onto her territory, the stubborn businesswoman refused to continue supplying heroin. This led to Javi arriving at her home and murdering both Darlene and Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) a mere eight minutes after their wedding. After discovering their dead bodies, Ruth was reeling with rage and in the show’s final seconds, threatened to kill whoever put a bullet in her cousin. Wyatt’s death was even more heartbreaking due to the fact the two had just got back on talking terms and had been planning to escape the Ozarks together. However, in the recently released trailer, it looked as though Ruth could see her promise through and go on a brutal killing spree. The clips showed an emotional Ruth driving with eagerness, it also provided a flashback to the moment the two cousins stopped talking, as well as a look at Darlene’s house with police tape. DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Jonah to die at the hands of Javi after part 1 clue? [THEORY]Ozark season 4 part 2 release date: When will the finale air? [INSIGHT] Throughout the 49 second clip, Ruth’s voiceover was explaining how she was the cursed Langmore due to her traumatic upbringing surrounded by “violence and death.” However, in the final seconds of the teaser, it showed Ruth looking at her rifle which was placed on the passenger seat, completely emotionless. This could hint at a violent murder spree as the death of her cousin sent her into a complete tailspin. As she had tried to secure Wyatt’s future with promises for leaving the Ozarks, savings of millions she had sacrificed for as well as the opportunity for him to go to college. In the heart-wrenching finale, after discovering Wyatt and Darlene she burst into the Byrde household and unleashed a tirade while waving her rifle around threatening to kill them. She demanded to know who killed them and was ready to end both Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) and his wife Wendy (Laura Linney) before their son Jonah (Skylar Gaertner) revealed it was Javi. The cartel successor also made an appearance in the trailer which could’ve sealed his fate as dead in part two. Thankfully for fans, the trailer also dropped a release date for part two which confirmed the show would be returning soon. Ozark seasons 1-4 part 1 are available to stream on Netflix. Part 2 will premiere on Netflix on Friday, April 29. 