The Thirteenth Doctor will step away from the TARDIS when the BBC drama returns in autumn. Ever since Jodie Whittaker confirmed she would be leaving the show, rumours have been rife over who will be named as her successor and now Express.co.uk can reveal fans’ opinion on one of the front-runners tipped for the role. Express.co.uk asked readers for their views on who they’d like to see become the next Time Lord. Doctor Who fans were asked: “Should Ralf replace Jodie Whittaker as Time Lord?” Out of the 779 responses, 40 percent answered yes and 47 percent answered no. The remaining 12 percent were unsure about the actor replacing Jodie. On respondent commented: “No , his acting is and always has been wooden, seems like a nice chap.” Read more: Doctor Who boss opens up on Yaz’s romance twist with Timelord “Any thing to get him out of Death in Paradise,” another remarked. A third said: “You could have put the greatest actor on the planet in the role it will make no difference now as BBC has gone all preachy and woke and ruined it. Poor Jodie will be remembered as the worst doctor not because of her acting but awful PC scripts.” It seems Doctor Who and Death in Paradise fans are torn as Ralf’s next move. Express.co.uk also asked: “Should Ralf Little stay on Death in Paradise?” An overwhelming 54 percent agreed and want the actor to keep his role as DI Neville Parker. Jodie became the first female Doctor Who when she joined the show for production in 2017. Despite this groundbreaking feat, fans don’t think she would be suited for a similar achievement on Death in Paradise. Readers were asked: “Should Jodie Whittaker replace Ralf Little on Death in Paradise?” Of those that answered 79 percent said no, 14 percent voted yes and seven percent weren’t sure. Jodie will depart in a trio of Doctor Who specials in autumn alongside showrunner Chris Chibnall. The BBC have confirmed a six-part series for later in the year. DON'T MISSUniversity Challenge fans frustrated by contestant’s ‘rude’ habit [VIDEO]Peaky Blinders: Helen McCrory's role in final season teased  [INSIGHT]EastEnders injustice as Kheerat Panesar exits after killing Gray? [SPOILER] Two specials had already been planed for 2022 with the BBC subsequently confirming a feature length adventure for the Thirteenth Doctor as part of the BBC’s Centenary celebrations. Discussing both his and Jodie’s departure, Chris said: “Jodie and I made a ‘three series and out’ pact with each other at the start of this once-in-a-lifetime blast. So now our shift is done, and we’re handing back the TARDIS keys. “Jodie’s magnificent, iconic Doctor has exceeded all our high expectations. “She’s been the gold standard leading actor, shouldering the responsibility of being the first female Doctor with style, strength, warmth, generosity and humour.” “She captured the public imagination and continues to inspire adoration around the world, as well as from everyone on the production. I can’t imagine working with a more inspiring Doctor – so I’m not going to! “For me, leading this exceptional team has been unrivalled creative fun, and one of the great joys of my career. I’m so proud of the people we’ve worked with and the stories we’ve told. To finish our time on the show with an additional special, after the pandemic changed and challenged our production plans, is a lovely bonus. “It’s great that the climax of the Thirteenth Doctor’s story will be at the heart(s) of the BBC’s centenary celebrations. “I wish our successors - whoever the BBC and BBC Studios choose - as much fun as we’ve had. They’re in for a treat!” Doctor Who will return to BBC One in autumn 2022.