Like Julius Caesar being knifed in the Senate he must be wondering which one of his friends will be the Brutus who delivers the final cut. Instead of being a strong Praetorian guard shielding him against his foes his most senior ministers are beginning to resemble the ambitious Cassius plotting with a lean and hungry look for power. What has been noticeable over the last few weeks has been the silence coming from most senior ministers unless pressed to defend their Prime Minister. Only Nadine Dorries has really adopted the Mark Anthony role of standing up for him regularly going out to do interviews defending her boss’s honour. While the daggers have so far come from a disturbing mixture of backbench MPs - Brexiteers like Andrew Bridgen, Remainers like Sir Roger Gale, sacked ministers like Tobias Ellwood, former ultra loyalists like Nick Gibb - if Prime Minister’s Premiership really is to be killed off then it will have to be dealt a mortal blow from within the Cabinet. The admission by one cabinet loyalist that Mr Johnson cannot rely on the support of even 90 percent of his most senior team is telling that the knives are being sharpened if matters get worse. After all, that Cabinet contains pretenders to his seat of power who have been less than ethusive in their support. Chancellor Rishi Sunak took hours to Tweet his support for Mr Johnson after his first apology. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss had to brief about her loyalty when the “Fizz with Liz” leadership campaign story leaked out. Home Secretary Priti Patel, a long term friend and ally, has been mostly silent as each party-gate scandal has been revealed. Now, a former leadership contender, Health Secretary Sajid Javid, has, according to some, turned against the Prime Minister. Remarkably, for once, the story is not about briefing from Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove, whose betrayal terminated Mr Johnson’s first short lived leadership campaign in 2016. Instead, Mr Gove has insisted he will not run again after failing twice. Nevertheless, there is speculation that all five of the top ministers in Mr Johnson’s Government are at the very least exploring leadership bids and putting teams together. In one or two cases there is more than speculation and this newspaper has been informally already contacted by prospective leadership teams. Noticeably Labour has held back in recent days on demanding Mr Johnson’s resignation because their private polling shows that he is currently their best hope of winning the next election with the Conservatives victorious with any other leader. The view among rebels and the remaining loyalists in the Conservative Party is that the Prime Minister would win a leadership vote of confidence. But if that polling becomes a long term feature and he is no longer the secret to victory then minds will change from a party which, as Ms Dorries noted, “has regicide in its veins.” He will be finished if and when his own senior cabinet members turn on him and tell him his time is up. Then fall Caesar.