 According to the latest figures from the RAC Foundation, a litre of petrol now costs 149.12p while drivers looking for diesel will pay 152.58p per litre. The price jump means that drivers trying to fill an average 55-litre family car with petrol will set them back £82, while diesel drivers face costs of £84.  The further price rise has been described as “another unfortunate landmark” and will have a huge impact on drivers across the UK. RAC fuel spokesperson Simon Williams said: “The relentless rising price of fuel is hurting households up and down the country, furthering the cost of living crisis. “Businesses are also suffering with diesel reaching new heights.” At the same time last year, a litre of petrol cost just 122.45p, with a litre of diesel setting drivers back 125.6p per litre. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique  This huge increase has hit drivers at a time when many are returning to offices and normal driving habits after the easing of Covid restrictions. Paul Holland, Managing Director for UK Fuel at FLEETCOR, pointed to the ongoing issues between Ukraine and Russia as a reason for the rising fuel prices. He said: “You may have seen that the AA has raised concerns that motorists, and by extension commercial fleets, are paying more at the pump for petrol and diesel. “Prices have now hit a record high, with diesel at £1.52 per litre and petrol at £1.49. DON'T MISSDrivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [WARNING]Major UK city set to ban all vehicles at certain times with £50 fine [SHOCKING]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT]  “As with any changes to prices at the pump, the reasons are likely to be many and varied: the Russian-Ukraine conflict is a major one, as are OPEC supply issues, a shortage of drivers to deliver fuel and new taxes that began in January. “The AA’s fuel price spokesman on the other hand has said that ‘bloated margins’ caused by diminished fuel price competition at supermarkets could be a factor. “In this telling, while Russia and Ukraine are rattling sabres the UK’s supermarkets have declared a ceasefire in their ongoing price wars, allowing them to keep their margins artificially high. “It’s a compelling story, not least because for the vast majority of people the petrol station forecourt is the only place where they will see prices change.”  Increased fuel prices are likely to exacerbate the cost of living crisis, with inflation reaching record levels, as some experts predict it could hit eight percent by April. RAC’s Fuel Watch tracker currently predicts that unleaded petrol prices will fall alongside super unleaded, where prices currently sit at 160.91p per litre. There is no change forecast for the price of diesel, with prices expected to remain about £1.50 per litre. Mr Holland continued, saying: “Look closer, and we actually find that although fuel prices are indeed extremely high, fuel retailers have actually slashed retail margins by almost half in order to keep them affordable to businesses and the public.  “In the last six weeks the retail margin on fuel has been cut from 14.8p per litre to 8.6p, likely to soften the blow of rapidly rising prices. “Retailers know that headlines about record fuel prices are bad for business. “Although fleets won’t often be able to cut back on fuel, members of the public might choose to use public transport or only fill up half of their tank to save money. “Although they aren’t able to fully control what prices will be and as businesses they will always need to turn a profit, retailers seem to be doing everything they can to keep fuel prices at a point where they are affordable.” There are hopes, however, that more oil will make its way onto the global market due to a possible agreement between the USA and Iran to end sanctions.