A television licence is legally required by households to watch or stream live programming in their home. While the BBC and TV Licensing manages the handling of the licence fee, the UK Government sets concessions and discounts for vulnerable groups. In light of rising inflation and soaring energy bills, many people will be looking to see if they can claim a free or discounted TV licence. Households which are occupied by those who are over the age of 75 could be eligible for a free TV Licence. This group is entitled to this concession if the licence holder is 75 or older and in receipt of Pension Credit. Alternatively, anyone looking to claim a free television licence must have a partner who lives at the same address who is getting Pension Credit. Those who are unsure if they are eligible for a free licence and do not currently own one are able to call TV Licensing to inquire about their eligibility.  READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  The helpline for TV Licensing is 0300 790 6117 and savers will be able to speak to advisors to request an application form. Anyone looking to claim a free licence before they reach the eligible age can do so when they turn 74. Applications can take a few weeks to process and there is a different procedure in place for over 75s looking to claim a free licence in Isle of Man, the Bailiwick of Jersey and the Bailiwick of Guernsey. Potential claimants of Pension Credit will need to direct their queries to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to see if they are eligible for the benefit payment. As well as the concession for Pension Credit recipients, Britons who are registered as legally blind are also able to get a discount on their TV licence. Specifically, people who are “severely sight impaired” can claim a 50 percent discount off their BBC bill. This offer also covers anyone who lives in the same household as the blind person but does not include the partially sighted. If someone were to get a blind TV licence, the cost would be £79.50 for colour and £26.75 for black and white. However, those looking to apply for this particular concession will need to share important evidence to prove they can qualify. Said evidence can include a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or BD8 Certificate; with only one of these being needed to successfully claim a half-price licence. Alternatively, applicants can send a certificate or document issued by a Local Authority that proves they are registered as blind or a letter from an eye surgeon proving their diagnosis. Those who claim the 50 percent discount will not need to apply for it again or send further evidence to TV Licensing. In residential care homes and sheltered accommodation, residents need to be covered when it comes to the television licence. While communal areas will need to pay the full-price, private rooms are able to claim a concession off the overall price at £7.50 per room, flat or bungalow. Similarly, hotels only need to pay the full TV licence fee of £159 to cover up to 15 units in their property. If they are looking to cover more units, there will be an additional fee of £159 per every five units. Recently, the UK Government confirmed that there will be a temporary two year freeze on the cost of television licence payments. The BBC has been hoping that the licence fee would rise in line with inflation, as it had done previously, however the Government is exploring alternative funding options for the public broadcaster. Upon the announcement, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said: “At a time when families are facing a sharp increase in their living costs we simply could not justify asking hard-working households to pay even more for their TV licence. “This is a fair settlement for the BBC and for licence fee payers. The BBC must support people at a time when their finances are strained, make savings and efficiencies, and use the billions in public funding it receives to deliver for viewers, listeners and users.”