Manchester United have begun their summer transfer window with Darren Fletcher granted huge power over proceedings. Ralf Rangnick is set to move into a consultancy role at the end of the season, with Ed Woodward having left the club earlier in the year. United legend Fletcher will have a huge say over the club’s transfer plans this summer - with plenty of players having their futures up in the air, including Anthony Martial. Transfer plans have emerged over the past few weeks with Rangnick making his recommendations. That includes signing three players: a defensive midfielder, a box-to-box midfielder and a striker. But the German coach, who was placed in interim charge after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s dismissal, will leave his job as manager at the end of the season to move into a consultancy role. However, what his duties will be remain to be seen but one member of the club will see his power at Old Trafford grow exponentially. According to the Metro, former midfielder Fletcher will be given a say with a new structure in place ahead of an important summer transfer window. Richard Arnold stepped up to replace Woodward earlier this year, while John Murtough will see his duties increase as football director. Fletcher is the technical director at United having taken the job in March 2021 but his role will now include having sway over transfers. That will include what to do with Martial in the summer, who is currently on loan at Sevilla. After seeing his first-team chances decrease this year, the Frenchman told the club he wanted to leave and a temporary solution was found. With a new manager expected in the summer, no permanent decision was sought after as a new coach could rely heavily on Martial. And according to the Daily Mail, the club’s position currently is not to sell the wantaway forward - despite a new striker being targeted. There are a number of others who could depart at the end of the season, including Donny van de Beek, who is also away on loan to Everton. Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Paul Pogba will see their contracts expire in July and there have been failed plans to renew their deals. While Cristiano Ronaldo’s future could be directly tied to whether United finish in the top four or not as the Portugal international will not want to play in the Europa League.