Richard Moore, the chief of the UK Secret Intelligence Service, was commenting on a new analysis of the Ukraine conflict by a leading security expert. The spy boss expressed his appreciation of the academic paper, calling its theory "fascinating" and said it made perfectly good "sense" in a rare foray onto social media. The analysis, titled "A Reckless Gamble", was written by Professor Sir Lawrence Freedman, the Emeritus Professor of War Studies at King’s College London. In his paper, he argues that even if he wins militarily, the Russian President is likely to lose the political battle to follow. The academic wrote: "It is still reasonable to ask if Vladimir Putin has launched an unwinnable war. "Whatever the military victories to come, this will be an extraordinarily difficult war for Putin to win politically”. The professor also claimed that the Russian leader was “prone to outrageous theories” and an “unhinged rant”. The war is now into its fourth day, after Mr Putin gave the green light for an invasion last Thursday. The Russian army launched a massive ground invasion on multiple axes, as well as unrelenting air and missile strikes on the country and its population. Yet the Russians have been frustrated in accomplishing their objectives by the fierce resistance of the Ukrainian army. It increasingly looks like Mr Putin and his generals have seriously underestimated the strength and determination of their opponents. The Russian army has lost over 4,000 lives and numerous items of heavy armour, according to latest information from Ukraine's Defence Ministry. A leading defence expert has described the Russian tactics as "really weak" and said the army is facing serious supply and logistical problems. Glen Grant, an analyst at the Baltic Security Foundation wrote on his Facebook page: "The Russian troops are highly vulnerable at night. READ MORE: Furious Britons push back against 'bully' Putin's nuclear threats "They are still making advances by force of numbers and by exploiting the weakly held areas. "But at the same time their logistics are failing them and they are running out of supplies." He added: "Many troops are becoming isolated and cut off as the advance stretches the system too far. "Some forces have even pleaded for help back in Russia. "They are falling easy prey as their tactics are often really weak. DON'T MISSBritain hailed after forcing dithering EU to FINALLY back SWIFT move [SPOTLIGHT]Putin's war is causing exactly what he DOESN'T want  [ANALYSIS]Briton stuck in Ukraine after visiting girlfriend in terrifying escape [REVEAL] "In one town they were simply turned away by the population refusing to let them in." Mr Grant claimed that the attacks on civilians were creating rising anger and determination among the ordinary population to resist and defeat the invaders. He said that although the Russians are advancing geographically, they were "being eaten piece by piece". He concluded: "Ukraine has already won the moral victory and forged a modern state under fire. "Now it must take the game to Russia in every way possible - military, diplomatic, financial and social to force them to back down."