The Prime Minister imposed Britain's largest-ever package of sanctions against Russia on Thursday in an unprecedented move. These included asset freezes on more than 100 new entities and individuals, as well as banning Aeroflot from the UK. Now the Prime Minister and his Foreign Secretary are promising to go even further, with Ms Truss warning Mr Putin's rich backers there will be "nowhere left to hide."  Ms Truss tweeted: "There will be nowhere left to hide for the super-rich linked to Putin’s regime. "More kleptocrats will be hit with restrictions in the coming weeks. "Nothing is off the table." Mr Johnson wrote on his Twitter account that he had phoned President Volodymr Zelenskiy of Ukraine and both were determined to ensure Russia's political and economic isolation. The Prime Minister said: "We are clear – Russia must be isolated diplomatically and financially. "I welcome increased willingness to exclude Russia from SWIFT."  The tweets from the PM and his Foreign Secretary were released less than 25 minutes apart. Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, hundreds of billions of pounds have flowed into London and Britain's overseas territories from Russia. London has become the Western city of choice for the super-wealthy of Russia, many of whom are believed to have close links to the Putin regime. The Russian money has provided a boon for the city's lawyers, financial firms and estate agents to name but a few of the major beneficiaries. However, the good times appear to be over, as Ms Truss warned Putin-supporting oligarchs that "we will come after you." READ MORE: Chris Packham: Don’t backtrack on fur and foie gras import ban She added: "We have to make it deeply painful for the oligarchs that support the Putin regime. "There are over a hundred Russian billionaires . . . Nothing is off the table in terms of who or what we are targeting. "We are very clear about that — we are very prepared to do what it takes.” Ukraine is pushing hard for Russia to be excluded from SWIFT. This is the international payment system through which Russia receives most of its foreign currency. DON'T MISS Boris and Liz Truss issue fierce double warning to Russia [REVEAL]Brexit Britain no poodle of Russia [SPOTLIGHT]Furious Ukrainian criticises 'toothless' sanctions amid EU pressure [INSIGHT] While the UK has been willing to activate this measure, some EU countries have been dragging their feet over the issue - namely Germany and France. This led to Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba to write on Twitter: "Everyone who now doubts whether Russia should be banned from SWIFT has to understand that the blood of innocent Ukrainian men, women and children will be on their hands too. "BAN RUSSIA FROM SWIFT." However, on Saturday more and more EU countries were dropping their opposition to a SWIFT ban. Annalena Baerbock, Germany’s foreign minister, said it was working on a “targeted and functional restriction” on SWIFT.