Russian President Vladimir Putin deployed troops into two Russian-backed breakaway regions in Ukraine on Monday night. This followed tensions caused by NATO refusing to ban Ukraine from joining the alliance - a decision Mr Putin vehemently opposed. As a former Soviet state and neighbour to Russia, Mr Putin is concerned Ukraine could become a potential threat to the state if it forms an alliance with Western Europe through NATO. This invasion has sparked war fears, as Russia has now violated Ukraine’s territorial integrity. With a population of over 146 million, it comes as no surprise that the Russian military could outnumber Ukraine’s, as it's a much smaller nation with a population of just over 46 million. But how do the two military forces actually compare? READ MORE: Putin could be 'seriously ill' – 'unpredictable danger' in Ukraine   There is a stark imbalance between the two nations’ military capabilities across the board. In ground forces, Russia has been claimed to have about 850,000 active personnel, whereas Ukraine houses an army of just 200,000. The number of Russian tanks equates to 12,420, compared with Ukraine’s 2,596. Russia has 2.5 times the amount of armoured vehicles than Ukraine, with a grand total of 30,122, while Ukraine comes in with a much lower 12,303. Russia’s total aircraft equates to 4,173 with 772 fighter jets, and 544 attack helicopters. Ukraine’s total aircraft equates to 318, with 69 fighter jets and just 34 attack helicopters. Russia possesses 605 naval fleets, including 11 frigates and 15 destroyers, outnumbering Ukraine, which boasts just 38 in naval fleet, including one frigate, and no destroyers. DON'T MISS: Flight from Islamabad to Manchester diverted due to emergency [INSIGHT]Ukraine crisis: Jeremy Corbyn losing in 2019 was 'lucky escape' [ANALYSIS]Biden blasted after America snub Brexit Britain in favour of Germany [EXPLAINED]      Frigates are typically long and low warships that are used as escort vessels, and destroyer warships tend to be much bigger and more powerful. Destroyers can escort larger vessels in a fleet, convoy or battle group, and defend them against short-range attackers. Over the past few weeks, Russia staged up to 190,000 of its military personnel around Ukraine borders, of which a portion have now been deployed into two areas which Putin recognised as Russian rebel-held regions in Eastern Ukraine. NATO is currently supplying Ukraine with what NATO secretary general Jens Stoltenberg has described as: “strong political support”.