Ex-Tottenham ace Jamie O’Hara says he “would take” Marcelo Bielsa at Spurs after the Argentine left Leeds United at the weekend. Bielsa parted company with the Yorkshire club following a dismal run of form that has left Leeds just two points above the Premier League relegation zone. Leeds were thumped 4-0 by Tottenham at Elland Road on Saturday as the side’s struggles intensified. That loss came after the Whites had already been thrashed 7-0 by Manchester City, 6-0 by Liverpool and 4-2 by Manchester United over the winter. Despite his Leeds troubles, Bielsa has enjoyed an illustrious career in football management and is highly regarded throughout the sport. And O’Hara has claimed the 66-year-old would be a perfect fit for Tottenham. “I would have Bielsa, I would,” O’Hara told talkSPORT on Monday morning. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  “Yeah I would take him because I think he’s got unbelievable intensity in terms of how he wants a team to attack and the way they push forward and play.” But the former midfielder also believes Bielsa left Leeds too exposed at the back. “The way he defends is just nowhere near good enough - it’s absolutely shocking,” O’Hara continued. “It’s gung-ho football. “And as much as that’s great to watch - and it is - it just gets a little bit tiring in the end when you’re turning up and you’re getting beat 4-0, 6-0, 4-0, 3-0. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens     “And then you might win a game and you go, ‘ahh they look great.’ But you can’t turn up every Premier League game and expect to get results when you’re defending like that. “You blame Bielsa because he’s the man in charge - he wants them to play like that. “It’s Plan A and that’s it. But you have to have a Plan B as well. You have to be adaptable when your players get injured. “When your best players are out you need to shut up shop and go, ‘right we dig in and we nick a result here lads because we’re fighting at the bottom of the table.’   “You can’t just expect to keep going out, playing the same way and go to Anfield and expect to win games. “You get turned over - get beat 6-0. Play Tottenham - get beat 4-0. “The defending is absolutely criminal. It’s one of the worst defensive performances I’ve seen ever over the last few weeks. “[It’s] not great and he had to go in the end but I would have him at Spurs.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 