Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko has been pictured at a protest against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in Manchester. Ukrainian international Zinchenko has been vocal in his opposition of Russia’s aggression in his home country and has joined protestors at a vigil in St Peter's Square on Thursday night.     After weeks of growing tensions, Russian President Vladimir Putin gave the green light for a mass invasion of Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday morning. Russia have crossed the border in several places and launched an aggressive military campaign on land, air and by sea. Conflict has followed, with casualties reported on both sides and missiles causing explosions in cities right across Ukraine. Zinchenko, who has won 48 caps for his country, made headlines earlier on Thursday by posting a picture of Putin on his Instagram with the caption: “I hope you die the most painful suffering death, creature.”  JUST IN: Chilling moment BBC's Clive Myrie puts on flak jacket in Ukraine The social media company reportedly deleted the 25-year-old defender’s post, but he has now been pictured making his stance clear in public. The #WeStandWithUkraine movement has seen people gather all across the world to show their support for the Eastern European country and their condemnation of Russia’s actions. Zinchenko posted his thoughts about the situation on Instagram on Tuesday.  DON'T MISS Biden ‘past sell-by date’ as he ‘LAUGHS’ during Ukraine briefing China rages at US as it backs Putin in Ukraine attack Russia protests erupt as demonstrators dragged away by police “The whole civilised world is worried about the situation in my country. I can't stay away and try to convey my opinion. In the photo – my country,” he wrote. "The country where I was born and raised. A country whose colours I defend in the international sports arena. A country that we try to glorify and develop. "A country whose borders must remain inviolable. My country belongs to Ukrainians and no one will ever be able to appropriate it. We will not give up! Glory to Ukraine.” The Man City left-back has not been the only Ukrainian footballer to speak out against Putin’s decision.  “I want the whole world to know that the Russian army is now killing in all cities of independent Ukraine,” wrote Everton defender Vitaliy Mykolenko on Instagram. "Russian media writes that they are defending Donetsk and Luhansk, but this is not true!!!! It’s hard to hear the anxious voice of my parents who are looking for an opportunity to protect themselves and help others and I can not help my parents. "I ask the whole world to help my homeland. I am proud to be Ukrainian. Glory to Ukraine."  Meanwhile, legendary Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko says his countrymen just want peace, not war. “In the early hours a full scale war was initiated by Russia,” Shevchenko wrote on Instagram. “My people and my family are under attack. Ukraine and it’s population want peace and territorial integrity. “Please I ask you to support our country and call the Russian government to stop their aggression and violation of international law. We only want peace. War is not the answer." 