The Prime Minister told Sir Keir Starmer to take action after backbenchers including Diane Abbott and John McDonnell claimed the Western defence alliance was culpable for tensions in Eastern Europe. Members of the Stop the War Coalition say Nato expansion into the region has incensed President Vladimir Putin. The claims echo remarks from Moscow, with Russia saying it is has been forced to line tens of thousands of its troops on its border to Ukraine because of Western military build-up. Speaking in the Commons, the Prime Minister said Sir Keir should remove the Labour whip from those MPs parroting the Kremlin. He said: "Something that would be strong, Mr Speaker, would be to take the whip away from the 14 members of the Labour Party who say that the aggressor in Ukraine is Nato. "That would be a strong thing to do." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Earlier Mr Johnson had praised the Opposition leader for "broadly" backing him in his response to Russia's actions. "What is at stake, be in absolutely no doubt, is not just the democracy of Ukraine but the principle of democracy around the world," he said. "That is why the unity of this House is so important today, and it is absolutely vital that the United Kingdom stands together against aggression in Ukraine." There are 12 Labour MPs who are members of the Stop the War Coalition and two peers in the House of Lords. As well as Ms Abbott and Mr McDonnell, members include: Richard Burgon, Ian Lavery, Zarah Sultana, Apsana Begum, and Tahir Ali. Jeremy Corbyn is also a member of the Stop the War Coalition and is currently the group's vice-president. READ MORE: Putin boasts of ‘unparalleled’ hypersonic missiles ready to launch While a Labour member, he had the whip withdrawn from him in 2020 for his conduct following an anti-Semitism investigation into the Labour party. Ms Abbott has been one of the most vocal critics of Nato during the Ukraine crisis. At an online meeting of the Stop the War Coalition earlier this month, she said friction only started due to the expansion of Nato. "We see that the United States has decided that it needs to send US and other Nato troops to Russia's borders. DON'T MISS:The mask slips! Sir Keir Starmer's demand for UK to quit Nato exposed [INSIGHT]How Sir Keir Starmer differs to Jeremy Corbyn on Nato [EXPLAINED]Jeremy Corbyn's legacy obliterated: Starmer to 'slaughter' policies [UPDATE] "This alone should tell us that the claims that Russia is the aggressor should be treated sceptically. "The destabilisation in the entire region comes from the continued eastward expansion of Nato," she said. "The United States has only just ended one disastrous prolonged war in Afghanistan and many here seem to be gung ho about starting another one. "The public is opposed to war with Russia, which would be extremely dangerous for all sides, not least the people of Ukraine. "Nato's a nuclear power and so is Russia. "We need de-escalation and dialogue, not militarisation and threats of war." As Labour leader, Sir Keir has supported Nato and the West's response in Ukraine. A party spokesman said: "It was a Labour Government that signed the UK up to Nato and Keir Starmer continues to be a proud advocate of the value of the Nato alliance and the principles of solidarity."