Olly Murs has told fan he is "gutted" to share more health news as he's back in hospital. The singer has had to undergo major new knee surgery once again. He posted a picture of him in hospital on crutches as he shared the news earlier today. The singer admitted he was sad to have to share the news with his 6.9 million followers. Olly wrote: "I am gutted to have to write this message but unfortunately I’ve had to undergo major new knee surgery again this week. "Been trying my best to avoid having it done but the op was needed and it went well." Olly went on to add that the news means he'll have to pull out of his summer tour. He added: "I’m recovering in hospital… but it means I’m having to cancel all my summer shows this year whilst I focus on my rehab. "Refunds will all be available from your point of purchase and please keep an eye out for any emails from your ticketing agent over the next few days." The Voice mentor went on to add how "sorry" he was about the news. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement   He continued: "I’m so bl***y sorry but my focus now is on recovering and I’ll keep you all updated on how I’m getting on! "Stay cheeky catch you soon." Many of Olly's fans and followers have reached out with their well wishes following the news. A fan named Sarah wrote: "Gutted about this but your health and recovery come first take care of yourself and don’t rush to recover, see you when you are better xxxx." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT]Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [VIDEO]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [PICTURES]  Nicola added: "So gutted to hear that but your health is the most important thing. "Hope you’re doing okay and look forward to seeing you when you’re well enough to put on a show we all love to see you do." Terry Birkett penned: "All the best mate on your recovery plenty of rest you will be fine mate take care." Natalie Georgina wrote: "Recover well Olly!! We will be waiting when you’re better." Just last August Olly had to undergo knee surgery after injuring himself on stage. At the time, a fragment of bone had become lodged in his knee after he jumped in the air. In a video on Instagram, he said: "For some of you that came to the Newmarket gig on Friday, thank you firstly for your kind messages of support and checking I was OK. It's been a mad 72 hours since the gig getting to this." "Basically, after my second song a fragment of bone that was in my knee after I jumped managed to lodge itself on the back of my knee, which basically shut my leg down and during the gig I was limping the whole time."