The Queen has endured enough heartache without a courtroom examination of the Duke of York’s relationship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein commanding global focus. This should be the year in which people across the UK, the Commonwealth and beyond celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. She has won the admiration of billions through a life of public service in which she has consistently displayed wisdom, discretion and graciousness. These qualities have been sadly lacking in her son who has now staged a spectacular climbdown. There is no prospect of him returning to frontline royal duty and the carefully-worded statement filed to the US district court will leave many people confused. His lawyers had once accused Ms Giuffre of pursuing a “payday at his expense” but yesterday’s statement says he recognises she “suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks”. It is welcome that he will make a “substantial donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights” and we hope he will quietly work to support survivors of such assaults. It is right that he has now praised the “bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others”. The days when he was applauded for his heroic service as a helicopter pilot in the Falklands War seem a distant memory; he failed to understand that his mother won a nation’s love by exemplifying the values of selflessness and decency we cherish. ------------------------------------------------------------- We hope Putin’s for real Russia should accelerate the withdrawal of forces from the borders of Ukraine to make it clear it is not engaged in a ghastly attempt at double-bluff. Western leaders want to see solid evidence that an invasion is not imminent. Russian president Vladimir Putin delights in muscle-flexing and attempts to intimidate neighbours, but such bullying tactics have no place in modern diplomacy. Russia should join the rest of the world in trying to ignite the post-pandemic prosperity that only peace permits. ------------------------------------------------------------- Damehood a just reward Professor Dame Sarah Gilbert arrived at Windsor Castle to collect her DBE but she has brought honour to the whole nation through her work to perfect the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine. The vaccine has been used in more than 170 countries and her achievements will be celebrated for decades to come. It would be splendid if her example inspired more people to study science so they can change the course of history for the better.