Novak Djokovic has spoken out against a tell-all interview he did with the BBC earlier this month. The Serbian tennis star had withdrawn from the public eye following his well-publicised ordeal in Melbourne, which saw him deported on the eve of the Australian Open. Having held his tongue while the tournament was ongoing, Djokovic told the BBC his side of the story after a saga that made headlines around the world. He initially obtained a medical vaccine exemption to play at the tournament, before Australian Immigration Minister Alex Hawke ultimately stepped in and deported the 34-year-old on public interest grounds. Djokovic's unvaccinated status caused a stir in Australia, a country that has endured months of strict Covid measures. After the dust settled, the 20-time Grand Slam champion told the BBC that he is not 'against vaccination', but rather supportive of 'the freedom to choose what you put in your body'. READ MORE: Daniil Medvedev delivers Ukraine war message as Russian tennis star sets up Nadal clash  Djokovic also claimed that he was willing to miss future tournaments if his vaccine stance caused complications. With the interview now almost two weeks old, the Serb has criticised the BBC for how his quotes were put across, and how that led them to be received. "I was painted in a really ugly manner," he told the Sport Klub, "I was humiliated, if I may say so, on a world stage. "That is why it is important for me to have the opportunity to say something. I will repeat what I said to the BBC, because I don’t have more to add. "I’ve done everything that was asked of me. "There is a belief that I was privileged in a way, that I [got the exemption] because of my stature.  "I will keep saying it and repeat it like a parrot, although the BBC has cut that part of the interview: 10 days before me, a Czech tennis player and Croatian coach entered Australia with the same medical exemption. "She played a tournament, he coached his player no problem at all. Suddenly I come and there is a problem. Why? You tell me."  Upon his return to competitive action, Djokovic was knocked out of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships by Jiri Vesely on Thursday. Daniil Medvedev is set to take his spot at the top of the world rankings as a result, while the Serb faces an uncertain future. The 34-year-old recently admitted that he will not be able to compete at Indian Wells or Miami next month, but he has been given the all clear to play at the Rome Masters. Whether that will see him compete at the French Open, which follows shortly afterwards, remains to be seen.