Meghan and Prince Harry took centre stage on Saturday at the 53rd NAACP ceremony in Los Angeles to receive the President's Award, given them "in recognition of special achievement and distinguished public service." The Duke and Duchess dazzled on stage, with Harry donning a black tuxedo by Ozwald Boateng and Meghan a breathtaking sapphire-blue gown by Christopher John Rogers. The Sussexes' first joint public appearance of the year sparked a frenzy among their fans and supporters. But the attention of many was also drawn by another special guest at the awards - Meghan's mum Doria Ragland. Ms Ragland walked on stage to pose for a picture in a figure-flattering long-sleeved black dress with black pointed-toe heels. In one snap showing Ms Ragland on stage, Meghan hugs her proud mother while on the Duchess' left-hand side stands the NAACP's host Anthony Anderson. The presenter also has his mother on stage, who poses for the snap smiling widely while standing between her son and Prince Harry. Discussing Ms Ragland's presence at the event, one Twitter user and journalist @NolaMarianna wrote on the social media platform: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle looked beautiful as ever at the #NAACPImageAwards "But can I hear a little commotion for the glorious Doria Ragland?!! Mama is glowinggggg". Responding to this tweet, Twitter user @DLSMR said: "Doria Ragland is ageing backwards... I didn't recognize Meghan's mother." READ MORE: Prince George sends fans into meltdown with naughty move at rugby Another, @Aya23821448, wrote: "Doria looks very elegant. I can see where Meghan gets all her poise from." @wellsdak tweeted: "Mama Doria looks wonderful! Nice shape on her." Yet another Twitter user, @Empress94756410, said: "Man everyone looks gorgeous... but mama Ragland, she is a walking testament to all the yoga she practices." Complimenting on her style, @kathlovestennis wrote: "Gorgeous! Doria’s look was perfection. "Great black dress, black stiletto heels, & perfect bun. So happy Meghan, Harry, & kids are in US surrounded by Doria’s love". Finally, @MrMadamSussex, added: "Hear a lot of commotion for Mama Doria". Ms Ragland's presence was publicly acknowledged by Meghan at the end of her award acceptance speech. She said: "We are proud to partner with NAACP and each of you to translate the vital efforts of those who came before us to the modern challenges that exist ahead of us. "Thank you so much for joining us in this work, and thank you again for this incredible honour, truly. "My mum's here with us tonight and we all feel very proud. Thank you." During their acceptance speech, Meghan and Harry also acknowledged the war in Ukraine. Prince Harry said: "Before we begin, we would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine who urgently need our continued support as a global community". Harry and Meghan didn't just receive the President's Award - which counts among its former recipients Muhammad Ali, former US President Bill Clinton and singer and businesswoman Rihanna. The Sussexes also launched the new NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award, in recognition of those who are creating “transformational change at the intersection of social justice and technology”. The award, a collaboration between Meghan and Harry's Archewell organisation and the NAACP, was given on its inaugural year by Dr Safiya Noble, an internet studies scholar and author of Algorithms of Oppression: How Search Engines reinforce Racism. Dr Noble, who also received $100,000 to advance her work in her field, is one of the researchers leading the UCLA Center for Critical Internet Enquiry, with which the Archewell Foundation has been collaborating for months after instituting the Archewell Foundation Fund with the aim of reimagining "technology, championing racial and economic justice in the tech sector, and strengthening democracy through culture-making and public policy work", as stated on Meghan and Harry's organisation's website.