Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku is facing a Thomas Tuchel dilemma after the Blues showed they might not even need the Belgium striker. Chelsea looked mesmerising in attack during their Champions League victory over Lille on Tuesday night and Lukaku will quickly need to prove to his manager that he has a role to play. The Blues shelled out a club record £97.5million to prise Lukaku away from Inter Milan last summer. The forward had enjoyed an incredible two seasons in Italy but returned to Stamford Bridge for a second spell after spending three years in west London earlier in his career. Lukaku began his second Chelsea stint in fine form as he found the back of the net four times in four games. But he has only notched six times in 24 games since, with two of those strikes coming at this month’s Club World Cup. Tuchel has been using Lukaku as a lone striker for large parts of the season. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley  But as the player’s output has dropped, the manager has looked to switch things up by playing three forwards. On Tuesday night, Tuchel named Kai Havertz, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech in his front three, with Lukaku having to settle for a place on the bench. And Lukaku never even made it onto the pitch. Chelsea looked far more dangerous than they have appeared in recent weeks as they committed players forward at Stamford Bridge and looked to hurt Lille. The Blues dominated proceedings as they moved the ball around nicely and pulled their opponents out of shape. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)    And they carved out some good chances. It took just eight minutes for Tuchel’s side to nudge ahead as Havertz headed home Ziyech’s corner. And the Germany international should have had another goal when he turned Cesar Azpilicueta’s cross over the bar from inside the six yard box. Chelsea searched for a second after the break, despite being forced into a change after Ziyech limped off just before the hour mark.   And the hosts did finally get a second after 63 minutes as Pulisic finished well after being teed-up by N’Golo Kante. With Chelsea looking so fluid in attack, Tuchel could be tempted to stick with three forwards in the coming weeks - and that could mean there is no place for Lukaku. Saul Niguez and Timo Werner were preferred to Lukaku when Ziyech and Pulisic were brought off in the second period. So the former Manchester United striker will need to show he can mix up his game and make an impact in a front three. And if he can’t do that, the blockbuster star might soon find he is surplus to requirements in the capital.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 