For weeks we have had to endure media footage of his dishevelled self talking solemnly about the injustices unfolding in Eastern Europe. Yet the same end result is unfolding within the UK and he says nothing. Worse, he refuses even to accept what is going on. Yes, I am talking about the annexation of Northern Ireland by the EU. Admittedly the EU has not amassed a military force to get its way but its aim with the United Kingdom is the same as Putin’s with Ukraine. Both actors wish to exercise influence and control over their targets. They wish to neuter their independence. Putin’s approach is through military might. The EU’s approach has been through bullying our Prime Minister. Ultimately, if Russia prevails, it will settle new laws and regulations on Ukraine. It will oversee those laws to ensure they are enforced. It will require Ukraine to align itself with Russia. It will ensure Ukraine’s trade benefits Russia more than other countries. This is precisely what the EU has achieved in the United Kingdom via the Northern Ireland Protocol. The only difference is, we bowed to the EU without a single shot being fired.Surrender via the Protocol has resulted in over eight hundred EU laws and regulations being settled on Northern Ireland. These include the control of state aid, VAT and excise duty, to name a few. And these laws do not just affect Northern Ireland; they have a direct bearing on Great Britain. All of the UK is affected. They are also adjudicated by a foreign court, the European Court of Justice. The EU even has representatives in Northern Ireland to ensure we comply. What is this if not the successful annexation of part of our country? Only a weak disinterested Prime Minister could surrender in this way. Indeed it is highly likely that Putin has been monitoring closely how the United Kingdom dealt with the not so subtle attack by the EU on our sovereignty. He would have been heartened by our weakness. It would have informed him that he may strike at Ukraine without the British being prepared to take any genuine retaliatory action. He would be right. For all the grandstanding by Johnson and Truss and their repeated claim that we would stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukrainians, we have yet even to agree a comprehensive package of sanctions.Not that sanctions would make the blindest bit of difference to Russia’s resolve.The EU, like Putin, is a bully. Bullies do not relent unless they are met by a strong opposing force.Mrs Truss started promisingly. She, like Lord Frost, banged the drum. But like Lord Frost, she has been long on rhetoric and absent on action. She has followed him in lacking the courage to invoke the safeguarding measures set out in Article 16 of the Protocol.This would have suspended the damage being done while a new settlement was negotiated. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She has not taken this route because she, like her predecessor and boss, fear the EU. It threatened sanctions if we protect Northern Ireland and she buckled.Mrs Truss should, in fact, use the Ukrainian situation to our advantage. This is the time to strike back at the EU. It is greatly weakened by Putin’s actions. Germany’s gas supply is now squarely at risk. It would not have the wherewithal to prosecute a trade war with us while facing an energy crisis. Instead, she appears to be putting Northern Ireland on a backburner until after the Stormont elections in May. That would be a gross dereliction of duty.