Chelsea may be landed with a transfer windfall from Cesar Azpilicueta's prospective summer exit, amid speculation that Barcelona are poised to land the Spaniard for free at the end of the season. A hidden contract clause could yet sweeten the deal from the Blues' perspective, before embarking on a daunting defensive reshuffle. Azpilicueta started Tuesday night's Champions League last 16 first-leg tie against Lille, which the Blues won 2-0. Goals from Kai Havertz and Christian Pulisic put Thomas Tuchel's side in the driving seat ahead of their return trip to France. The Blues have been defensively solid this season, but more complicated times could lie ahead with a host of contract dilemmas simultaneously on the cards. Thiago Silva eased some of the club's concerns by penning a new deal back in January, but fellow centre-backs Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger continue to make Chelsea's hierarchy sweat. JUST IN: Antonio Conte warns Harry Kane he cannot be considered Tottenham legend without trophies Azpilicueta is also in that bracket, with an exit thought to be favoured by the player due to the Blues' reluctance to hand him a new long-term deal. Barcelona have been heavily linked, and with time ticking down on the 32-year-old's contract at Stamford Bridge, it looked like the Catalan side could be in for a summer bargain. But Goal claim that Chelsea have the option to extend the defender's contract for an extra year. Although it has not yet been activated, the Blues' ability to trigger the extension clause complicates matters from Barca's end. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer - 'It would work'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley 'even if he has one leg'Jurgen Klopp piles pressure on Man City as Liverpool boss talks up title race Chelsea are still not expected to stand in the player's way, as there is reportedly a general feeling in west London that after a decade of service, Azpilicueta has earned the right to decide his own future. But La Blaugrana may have to negotiate with Chelsea as well as the player, and a nominal fee could be sent to Stamford Bridge. A similar situation unfolded with Olivier Giroud last summer, as AC Milan forked out £1million due to the Blues' option to extend his contract for another year. The extra cash would certainly be welcomed by Tuchel and co, as starting-quality replacements will need to be sought out if Azpilicueta, Christensen and Rudiger all make way in the summer.  The Barcelona-bound defender, who can play either right-back or centre-back, has been with the Blues since the age of 22. Since then, the current club captain has racked up more than 450 appearances, winning two league titles, two domestic cups, a Champions League and most recently a Club World Cup. Chelsea transfer chief Marina Granovskaia is supposedly eyeing up La Liga duo Eder Militao and Jules Kounde, among others, as potential summer replacements.