Vera’s Brenda Blethyn has responded to a Kate & Koji viewer’s query regarding prop objects on social media. The exchange began earlier this month, when a Twitter user asked Brenda if she had to lift a real tyre or if it was prop. Attaching a picture of a shot where Brenda is seen lifting a tyre, Twitter user Lisa_Campbell8 enquired: “Was that a real or fake tire?! Impressive!” Brenda replied soon after: “A real tyre and it was HEAVY.” Continuing the conversation yesterday, the viewer asked: “Do you ad lib on Kate & Koji? “Or is your off the cuff performance simply because you’re a superb actor?!” In view of her 62,400 followers, Brenda simply stated: “It’s all carefully scripted by andy hamilton and guy Jenkin.” Other Twitter users appeared to be entertained by the interaction, as they praised Brenda’s “superb” acting skills. Hamstertweet93 said: “This show is such fun:) happy it is continuing on! “#VERA is absolutely sensational. I am always so excited when it airs here in the United States. “You are brilliant. Happy be-lated Birthday.” (sic) Libgott added: “Scripted or not, you are a superb actress! “Please keep going! Greetings from Holland!” DorothyRotherm2 typed: “Watched the first 2 episodes last night and the latest episode of Vera right after!! Love them both!!” DON'T MISS...Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [LATEST]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [UPDATE] Netsuke52 wrote: “I do think Andy should script in your James Bond impression.” Brenda is currently appearing in the sitcom Kate and Koji, which is filmed in front of a live audience. The ITV programme shows Brenda as Kate, the owner of an old-fashioned cafe near the seaside. The storyline sees Kate develop a friendship with Koji, an African doctor seeking asylum. The second series is expected to be returning later this year and will feature six new episodes. Last month, Brenda took to Twitter to let fans know that they can apply to watch the filming of the show at Elstree Studios. She wrote: “After a year of us waiting, we’re back filming Kate & Koji series 2 for @ITV. “If you’d like to be in our audience for a great free night out (watching us!) then click for tickets.”