The final episode of ITV's No Return aired on Monday night and saw Kathy Powell (played by Sheridan Smith) overjoyed as her son Noah Powell (Louis Ashbourne Serkis) was released from prison after being accused of rape. The episodes, which have run every Monday for the past four weeks, have had viewers wondering what happened on the night in question between Noah and Milo (Adrian Baena). However, during the TV drama's final episode, viewers became frustrated as they felt the series was too slow and they had "wasted" their time watching. During the final episode, Kathy and her husband Martin Powell (Michael Jibson) were delighted to find out Noah was being moved to a safer prison over fears of being attacked because of his sexuality. After not being happy with their new solicitor, Kathy fired her after she refused to look at some new evidence she had found herself. Desperate to get their son out of prison, Kathy and Martin decided to re-hire Rico Karvalci (Philip Arditti) and convinced friend Rosie (Jodie Campbell) to return as a witness. During the trial, the forensic expert revealed that Milo's injuries were not consistent with rape but of a consensual sexual matter. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Rico informed Kathy and Martin that Noah was offered a plea deal if he said he was guilty, which would result in only fives years in prison in England. Noah told his parents that he wanted to take the plea and for them to leave Turkey and go and enjoy their lives whilst he was in prison. However, desperate not to give up on their son Kathy told him to tell the truth and fight for his freedom. Noah said at his hearing that he was being bullied at school for being gay and got his bruises from a previous fight before coming on holiday. As the trial ended, the judge revealed they thought Noah was innocent and would not be punished for his crimes. Due to his age and the act that was committed, the charges were going to be suspended, and he was free to go home back to England. Kathy broke down in tears as Noah walked out the gates and embraced his family, finally free from the prison walls. On the flight home, Noah apologised to his mum for causing so much trouble, but she reassured him she would always love him and he would always be her "little boy". DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of No Return? [INSIGHT]No Return viewers hit out over plot hole 'Wouldn't be doing that' [LATEST]No Return viewers expose embassy 'plot hole' in ITV show [WATCH] Whilst many fans were relieved Noah was released from prison with no fines or charges, many were disappointed with the final episode and felt the series was a waste of time. Matt Ester said: "#NoReturn started well, but now with 30 minutes of the whole series left, they wanna introduce like three different storylines." @gillyn4 fumed:" I'm starting to tune out and not give a flying fig if he gets out of not, to be honest." Elizabeth Scott commented: "#NoReturn Quite glad this is the last ep, we're no further on since it started and I'm only still watching to see if he gets released." @xDiamond_Girlx wrote: "#NoReturn getting bored with this now, we are no further forward than the 1st episode, too slow." However, there were plenty of fans who enjoyed the series and praised the stars for their performances. Jane Potts praised: "Brilliant performance from Sheirdan all the way throughout! Such a great show which I thoroughly enjoyed." Claire Cook said: "Amazing show yet again from @ITV and Sheridan Smith... always love the drama series." (sic) No Return is available to watch on ITV Hub.