A Cold Weather payment of £25 is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) every time the temperature falls, or is predicted to drop, below zero for seven consecutive days. While some UK areas have triggered three cold weather payments so far this winter, other parts of the country have been too mild leaving many people on a low income struggling without this essential financial help. With just over a month to go until the DWP’s cold weather payment scheme ends, some people will be wondering if they will actually receive a payment this year. While it’s been a cold winter in some parts of the UK, other areas have failed to trigger the payment scheme because, although the temperature has dropped to zero, it hasn’t stayed there for seven consecutive days. People who live near the Braemar weather station in Scotland have received £75 so far this winter. However, Britons who live in many other parts of the UK haven’t received anything at all despite the fact that they have had to find the money to pay for rising energy bills. READ MORE: ‘I love a freebie!’ Man explains how he made £1million - you can too To check whether a payment is due, people can use the online postcode checker on the Gov.uk website. So far around 13,000 Cold Weather Payments have been made to households across the UK, according to Government figures. Although payments are made automatically Britons can check in advance to see if a payment is on its way. All they need to do is enter their postcode and it will determine whether the local weather station has registered that it has been cold enough where they live. DON'T MISSState pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared [UPDATE]Pension warning as forgotten savings could be ‘raided’ [WARNING]Martin Lewis explains how you can secure £150 off council tax bills [INSIGHT] Who is eligible for a Cold Weather Payment? Approximately £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year because people aren’t aware that they are eligible to claim certain help. Government help like Pension Credit and Universal Credit could be a lifeline to people who are struggling as the cost of living crisis continues to bite. In some cases these additional payments could be worth thousands of pounds over the course of a year. To check eligibility all people need to do is pop their details into a benefits calculator which can be found online. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In addition to cold weather payments, people on a low income might also qualify for a Winter Fuel Payment of up to £400. The money is paid every year to anyone over the age of 60, with people over 80 receiving up to £400. On top of this the Warm Home Discount scheme has also been set up to help people on a low income pay their heating bills during cold weather. This is a payment of £140 which is knocked off someone’s energy bill - to apply for this people need to speak to their energy supplier.