The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are living in California after quitting royal duties almost two years ago. Royal author Clive Irving, who has released an updated version of his book The Last Queen, said the royals had "weathered" Megxit "quite well". Asked how damaging the Sussexes' departure had been for the monarchy, Mr Irving told Express.co.uk: "I think it is greatly overblown. "If you look at the effects of it on the institution itself, I think they've weathered it quite well. "I think it's a question of the relationship of the two brothers and they seem to be being reconciled now. "I think that Meghan raised a very important issue about the lack of diversity in the staffing of the palace. "The palace must reflect the world outside not the world inside, and they still haven't made that adjustment. "But I think the two boys are going to get together again, they're kind of natural companions. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'spin-doctors swung into action' over legal battle "And that of course brings up the issue of Diana and Diana's legacy. It's astonishing how long-lived that legacy of Diana is. "Diana is a reminder of a person who was very modern, open-minded and gave a completely relevant shine to the whole monarchy and that's got to be rediscovered somewhere. "I don't think it's going to be rediscovered by Charles and Camilla but it could be rediscovered by William and Kate." DON'T MISSMeghan, Harry, Kate and William’s 'fab four’ dream was 'disastrous' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry renews lease on Frogmore Cottage – inside the former home [PICTURES]Meghan and Harry to have 'more content control' in Netflix deal [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan announced bombshell plans to step back as senior royals in January 2020. The couple quit their working roles two months later in March 2020. The Sussexes are now pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. They made a series of explosive claims about the monarchy during their Oprah Winfrey interview last March. Speculation is high over whether they will return to Britain for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. But a visit by Harry, Meghan and their two children Archie and Lili is looking unlikely as the Duke is in a legal battle with the Home Office in a row over police protection in the UK. Harry is suing over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in the country. 