Princess Anne is one of the Royal Family's most famous members, with the Queen and the late Prince Philip's only daughter renowned for her steadfast attitude to royal duties. Anne is frequently crowned the Royal Family's hardest worker alongside her elder brother, Prince Charles. But despite her huge royal profile, Anne is comparatively low in the line of succession in relation to other royal relatives. Princess Anne was born to then-Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh in 1950, a few years before her mother ascended the throne as Queen Elizabeth II. Anne moved from third in line to the throne to second when her mother became Queen, and her elder brother Prince Charles became first in line and heir apparent to the throne. But now Anne is 71, her position in line to the throne has dropped all the way to 17th. This may seem unusual given Anne is the Queen's second child, but it stems from archaic succession rules within the British monarchy.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan fans fury over Mardi Gras float When Princess Anne was born, the British monarchy operated under a system of male primogeniture. This meant the birth of Princess Anne's younger brothers, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, saw Anne's place in the line of succession drop, as Andrew and Edward took precedence over their elder sister. A long-awaited rule change came into place a few years ago, however, in light of the birth of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's first baby in 2013. The Succession to the Crown Act of 2013 was implemented to ensure a system of absolute primogeniture in the British monarchy, and now a male cannot displace a female in the line of succession based on gender.  The Royal Family website explains: "The Succession to the Crown Act (2013) amended the provisions of the Bill of Rights and the Act of Settlement to end the system of male primogeniture, under which a younger son can displace an elder daughter in the line of succession. The Act applies to those born after October 28, 2011." As Princess Anne was born before the Act was passed, her place in the line of succession remains unchanged by the new royal rules. But the rule change now means the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child, Princess Charlotte, remains ahead of her younger brother Prince Louis in the line of succession as she was born in 2015 and he was born in 2018.  DON'T MISS:Timothy Laurence 'a bodyguard' for Princess Anne's 'strong character' [INSIGHT]Zara Tindall: Only tiara worn by royal has special nod to Philip [PICTURES]Kate, William and rest of Firm prepare for Jubilee tours abroad [REPORT] As it currently stands, the line of succession to the throne is as follows: 