The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have spoken out about Moscow's attack on Kyiv. Recalling a 2020 meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife, First Lady Olena Zelenska, in which they had the chance to learn first-hand of the leader's plans for Ukraine, they wrote: "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future." Kate and William's message comes amid reports of deployment of Royal Navy ships, British Army troops and Royal Air Force fighters to Ukraine. According to the Ministry of Defence (MoD), HMS Trent is in the eastern Mediterranean, with helicopters and patrol aircraft. HMS Diamond, a destroyer, will join from Portsmouth. Meanwhile, tanks and armoured units from the Royal Welsh have arrived in Estonia from Germany and 1,000 troops are to arrive in the next few days – meaning Britain's presence will double. READ MORE: British support arrives as UK sea, land and air forces roll up to border On Saturday morning, armed forces minister James Heappey said the UK is looking to continue to supply weapons to Ukraine as more and more areas across the country turn into war zones. Speaking on Sky News, he said: "We know what the Ukrainians want. We are doing our best to get it to them." Mr Heappey confirmed the Government was working on a strategy to support a resistance movement and a Ukrainian government in exile if the capital city Kyiv falls. The Ukrainian health ministry that 198 Ukrainians, including two children, had been killed since Moscow's invasion began, and more than 1,000 had been injured. People in Kyiv spent a tough night in bomb shelters and basements and woke to dramatic images of a residential apartment block near the city's Zhuliany airport hit by a missile. Though no casualties or injuries were immediately reported, Mayor Vitali Klitschko urged Kyiv's residents to stay in shelters. "The enemy will attack from the air." DON'T MISSCharles let slip real feelings about Vladimir Putin with Hitler comparison [ANALYSIS]William's secret visit EXPOSED as he met MI6 just before Putin attacked [REVEAL]|The fearsome woman who sends shivers down Putin's spine [INSIGHT] The Cambridges' statement follows one issued by Harry and Meghan earlier this week that read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." The words of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were the first to come from the Royal Family about the crisis in Ukraine. Because the pair stepped back from their royal duties in 2020, they are able to speak about such matters publicly, as private citizens. For the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, though they are not thought to be banned from sharing their views on diplomatic or military conflicts, it is rare to openly position themselves. It would certainly come as a surprise to see the Queen making a statement on the unfolding war as according to the Royal Family's official website, the Monarch must usually remain "strictly neutral with respect to political matters".