Daily Mail Diary Editor Rickard Eden has also claimed that at the same time that Prince William is meeting with high-level officials, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been "grandstanding" online. On Twitter, Mr Eden said: "Prince William holds private talks with the Defence Secretary about Ukraine." The journalist added that Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle were "were grandstanding about Ukraine online".  He added: "However, Prince William was meeting a man who might actually be able to do something about it. "I hear he held talks at Kensington Palace on Thursday with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. "They’re certain to have discussed Russia’s invasion. "Although a source says the tete-a-tete was scheduled before the crisis unfolded."   This week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle condemned Russia’s invasion and said they would "stand with the people of Ukraine". In a statement posted to their Archewell website on Thursday, the royal couple urged world leaders to support Ukraine. The statement said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." In August 2021 Meghan and Harry wrote on their website: "When any person or community suffers, a piece of each of us does so with them, whether we realize it or not. "And though we are not meant to live in a state of suffering, we, as a people, are being conditioned to accept it. DON'T MISS: Queen health update: Monarch 'croaky' but on mend Kate 'seen' with fellow school parents in pub beloved by Prince Harry William's 'subtle sign' he is willing to 'sort things out' with Harry   "It’s easy to find ourselves feeling powerless, but we can put our values into action together." Russian troops entered Ukraine on February 24. They are now approaching the capital city of Kyiv. On Thursday morning, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced a "special military operation" in Ukraine. In response, US president Joe Biden announced sanctions on Russia. The US president said: "Putin is the aggressor. "Putin chose this war. "And now he and his country will bear the consequences." 