Former Manchester United supremo Ed Woodward has been living the high life since leaving Old Trafford at the start of February, according to reports. The 50-year-old has since been replaced by Richard Arnold as the club plan for a brighter future. Yet he was often a divisive figure among fans during his time working alongside the Glazers. Manchester United appointed Woodward as their executive vice-chairman following the departure of David Gill in 2013. And he immediately tried to make his mark by landing a marquee name amid interest in Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale that year. Woodward missed out on all of United’s top targets, however, with David Moyes then paying the price by losing his job less than a year later. And he would often struggle to win round fans prior to his departure. Under Woodward, United failed to get anywhere close to winning a Premier League title. That’s despite the former investment banker negotiating big deals for the likes of Angel Di Maria, Romelu Lukaku, Harry Maguire and countless others throughout his reign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Woodward announced last April that he’d be leaving in the wake of the European Super League debacle. And the Daily Mail say that, upon officially departing at the beginning of the month, he’s been ‘living the high life’. It’s claimed he’s since embarked on a wine-tasting trip to Cape Town with neighbour and close friend Gary Lineker. He’s also gone on a ‘flying visit’ to his own vineyard in northern Portugal. And Woodward also went skiing with his family in France, too. It wasn’t well-documented until the summer that Woodward and Lineker were close, with the former BBC Sport man revealing the 50-year-old had brokered Cristiano Ronaldo’s Hollywood homecoming from his garden. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ronaldo had, at the time, looked destined to move to Manchester City. But Woodward, upon learning he could be enticed into coming back to Old Trafford, immediately got to work. Lineker revealed: “Put my cards on the table, Ed Woodward is a good friend of mine. “He’s my neighbour and he signed Ronaldo when he was in my garden. It was awesome. “So that was good fun. I knew when he walked in and he was on the phone to (Ronaldo’s agent) Jorge Mendes or someone. “I don’t know whether I’m giving too much away here but he did sign him. “I got a fantastic picture of him on the phone in the back garden which I might share one day with his permission.” Arnold is now the man in power at United. And he’s immediately tried to learn from the mistakes of Woodward as he looks to make his mark. Arnold has been in contact with United’s former players such as Gary Neville, heeding advice as the Red Devils look to re-emerge as a major force. And he’ll be involved in the decision-making process when it comes to their next manager. Mauricio Pochettino is the frontrunner to take over, despite the Paris Saint-Germain boss being contracted to the Ligue 1 giants until 2023. But United have been linked with the likes of Erik ten Hag and Luis Enrique, too. And who they ultimately go for remains to be seen. Joel Glazer, meanwhile, thanked Woodward for his ‘tireless’ work at the time Arnold was announced as the club’s successor. “I would like to thank Ed for his tireless work on behalf of Manchester United during his nine years as executive vice-chairman and 16 years with the club,” he said. “We are now looking forward to Richard and his leadership team opening a new phase in the club’s evolution, with ambitious plans for investment in Old Trafford, the strengthening of our engagement with fans, and continued drive towards our most important objective – winning on the pitch.”