In early 2020, the world was rocked by the news that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, would be stepping down as working members of the Royal Family. Now almost two years later, the royal couple has firmly established themselves across the pond, with the pair attending a string of high-profile events Stateside in recent months. Harry and Meghan's exit from working royal life was a whirlwind, and rumours of a rift between the Sussexes and other members of the Royal Family abounded. But Harry and Meghan appear happy with their new lives in the US, with a body language expert highlighting how Harry appears to have had a "weight lifted from his shoulders". Judi James told Express.co.uk: "Harry and Meghan’s body language has changed dramatically since their move to the US, suggesting a powerful emotional shift as well as some adjustments in their individual power and status signals. "The two seismic differences that are visible in any of their US poses are firstly the aura of relaxation and increased happiness and secondly the change of branding from royal to ‘celebrity’.  READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage "Harry, in particular, has looked like a man with a weight lifted from his shoulders since his flight across the Atlantic. "The haunted eye expression seems to have vanished and so have his rituals of wariness, distrust and barely-suppressed anger when he felt he was suffering from press intrusion and trying to protect his wife." After moving to the US in the early months of 2020, the Duke and Duchess kept a low public profile as the early stages of the coronavirus pandemic enveloped the world. But since then, Harry and Meghan have made some public appearances to promote their philanthropic interests, in addition to sitting down for some highly-publicised television interviews.  In September last year, Harry and Meghan embarked on a trip to New York where they visited the One World Trade Center, among other places. The superstar couple also appeared on stage for Global Citizen Live, a blockbuster event broadcast around the world. Meghan and Harry also made a jaw-dropping appearance on the red carpet of the Salute to Freedom Gala in New York in November 2021. According to the body language expert, Harry appears to be "excited by the fame" he is experiencing as a beloved member of the Royal Family in the US.  DON'T MISS:Harry's upcoming memoir leaves royal relationships on knife-edge [INSIGHT]Will Harry and Andrew attend Prince Philip's memorial next month? [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry shoot themselves in foot [LIVE] Ms James said: "Where he once appeared to find publicity-based appearances a threat to his freedom as a royal he now seems to bask happily in the spotlight, even working up his performer/entertainer side." Ms James explained this was evident "initially when he larked about with James Corden but then appearing juggling balls badly as a comic turn in the background of his wife’s video", as well as "striding out on stage like a celebrity at a rock concert during Global Citizen Live in New York". She added: "It was Harry revving the crowd up here while Meghan adopted a much more low-key pose with none of her husband’s show-boating. "She’s grown up in the world of celebrity, whereas it’s a new high for Harry who still looks excited by the fame and the response of the crowds." 