Andy Murray is through to the second round of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships in his first appearance at the event since 2017. He came from a set down to defeat qualifier Christopher O'Connell 6-7(4) 6-3 7-5 in two hours and 51 minutes. It's a quick turnaround for the Brit, who won just one game in a 6-0 6-1 beatdown in Doha last week. Murray was playing in Dubai for the first time since he won the title in 2017 as the world No 1. The three-time Major champion is currently between coaches, joined in the Middle East by his former mentor Dani Vallverdu, who is also the full-time coach of Stan Wawrinka. It was his first meeting with O’Connell, who came through qualifying to make the main draw, with the first set a shaky affair. Both players struggled to settle, with Murray forced to save a break point and 2-2 before having three of his own in the following game and failing to convert. JUST IN: Djokovic compared to Nadal in brutal putdown over vaccine drama  Eventually it was the world No 158 who pounced first, breaking at 4-4 to give himself the chance to serve out the opening set but Murray fired back with his own break of serve to deny O’Connell the set and level things at 5-5. The pair headed to a tiebreak where the world No 89 established an early lead before the Aussie qualifier bounced back and took it 7-4 as Murray was handed a warning for unsportsmanlike conduct as he threw his racket repeatedly at the end of the breaker. He didn’t appear dejected, opening set two with a break to love and managed to save break-back point in the very next game. Both Murray and O’Connell continued to hold serve until the end of the set, when the Brit hit a forehand past his opponent before winning the next two points to break again and take it 6-3, forcing a decider. DON’T MISSRafa Nadal fired Djokovic warning as his uncle makes honest admissionEmma Raducanu warned of 'incredibly hard' problem in MexicoDjokovic fired stern warning from Nadal protegee after setting record   Murray was unable to capitalise on a break point during the fourth game of the final set, as both men continued to hold without much trouble until 4-4. With the former world No 1 serving to put himself within a game of winning the match, he was forced to fend of four break points in a lengthy game that lasted more than 12 minutes before holding on for 5-4. The pair traded holds of serve before th 34-year-old started closing in on victory at 6-5. He quickly went 0-40 up on the qualifier's serve to seal himself triple match point, and sealed a 6-7(4) 6-3 7-5 victory on his second. The victory marked Murray's 699th career win, as he previously made no secret of his goal to reach 700.  He will get the chance to play for his 700th victory in round two, where he faces the winner of a clash between young stars Jannik Sinner and Alejandro Davidovich Fokina. The three-time Grand Slam champion beat the Italian world No 10 in their only previous meeting in Stockholm at the end of the 2021 season. It was his second top-ten win of the year, having overcome Hubert Hurkacz a few weeks earlier. Murray has never faced the 22-year-old Spaniard.