Princess Olga Andreevna Romanoff was welcomed onto ITV’s Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh on Sunday to discuss her new reality TV series Keeping Up With The Aristocrats. While chatting with host Alan, the Russian princess opened up about her past and revealed she was encouraged to marry Prince Charles. However, she admitted the British royal had a “narrow escape” as she decided not to pursue any relationship.    Keen to know about Olga’s royal connections, Alan questioned her about her youth. He commented: “You said that your mother was angling and very anxious for you to be courted by the Prince of Wales, Prince Charles. “But, you weren’t so keen,” the presenter remarked. “My mother had terrible delusions of grandeur,” Olga exclaimed, causing Alan to burst out laughing. READ MORE: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in exit twist?    The princess continued: “She was totally thinking that her daughter would make a brilliant marriage because I had some qualifications. “But that was 'qualifications' as in being my father’s daughter and all that. “I would have been a terrible, terrible wife for poor old Charles,” she confessed. When Alan asked why she thought that, Ola replied: “He had a very narrow escape because I don’t like being told what to do.   “I prefer being dressed like this, which obviously one can’t go out and about and do everything…,” she explained, before Alan chimed in: “With a tiara on.” Olga replied: “Oh yes, a tiara. I hate tiaras. I think they’re the most uncomfortable vile things on earth. “No, it just would have been terrible. But, mother was upset that I wouldn’t even contemplate it. “Not that I knew the man,” the princess added. DON'T MISS...Victoria Derbyshire challenges MP on Russian sanctions [MUST SEE]Ant and Dec address Ukraine invasion on Saturday Night Takeaway [INSIGHT]‘Bitter pill’ Downton Abbey star details challenging experience [EXCLUSIVE]   Alan commented: “You’ve said about yourself that you’re not very good at relationships.” Olga revealed: “I like to hunt, but get very bored when you’ve caught it.” “Oh right, so you like the chase,” Alan laughed. “I did. I liked the chase,” Olga remarked. “Yes, so it’s not good.”    “What would your ideal man be?” Alan asked. Olga admitted: “Prince Phillip was my ideal man. He had it all and he told it how it was and there was no bull.” However, the princess insisted she likes her own company and would rather be alone than live with someone she finds “tiresome”. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh are Sundays at 10am on ITV. 