She pitched her business ‘Biscuit Tin’ to the Dragons’ during the episode which aired last week, asking for £50,000 in return for a five percent equity share. Before she entered the Den she said: “I have put my pension in to get this off the ground so that’s a huge risk.” Biscuit Tin is a tech company that helps people manage their end-of-life affairs. It is a website designed to hold digital documents memories and wishes in the event of a person’s death. She explained that when her parents died, there were no instructions left about their death and the amount of decisions she had to make was overwhelming. Subscribing to Biscuit Tin costs £49.99 per annum. By next year, she aims for 1,500 thousand users and revenue of £65,000. READ MORE: Pensioner, 97, 'ashamed to be British' after state pension frozen at just £72.50 a week  She expects a loss of £620,000 overall. In year two, she expects £2.5million revenue, for 40,000 users. Loss would be £1million. The total amount of capital required for the next two years is £1.62million. Her strategy is to raise £300,000 now and £1million in a year’s time. He said: “These are all high-level technical things, and your experience is not in that area so if I was you, I would completely stay away from trying to build a tech company. “You’re going to lose the money, and you’re going to have your lunch eaten by Google, and Drop Box, so stay away from it. I wish you the best, but I am out.” Peter Jones liked the concept of Biscuit Tin, but he was not convinced that this is something that people would pay for. He said he could not invest. Touker Suleyman also liked the idea, but he didn’t like Sheila’s plan for it. He said he did not like the prospect she would lose £1.2million in the next two years, so for that reason he could not invest. Deborah Meaden said: “I think it’s an interesting one because the automated bit is going to become really important because we don’t want to live with this in our lives all the time. “My big concern is that every time I’ve embarked on something like this, it costs twice as much money, and the consumers are more costly than I thought to engage. “It’s not my style of investment but I reckon you’ll work it out. “Good luck but I won’t be investing, I am out.” Dragons' Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer now.