Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has conceded that Paul Pogba is the only United player who would be good enough to get into Liverpool or Manchester City's side right now - and even the Frenchman would only make the grade 'in his best form'. United had harboured hopes of mounting a sustained title bid this season, but they've been left behind by their two rivals. City and Liverpool are now locked in a two-horse race for the Premier League crown while United are scrambling to secure a top-four finish under interim chief Ralf Rangnick. United have been boosted by Pogba's return in recent weeks after the ex-Juventus man spent three months on the shelf with a thigh injury. And after Pogba impressed again during Sunday's 4-2 win over Leeds, Scholes admitted that the maverick midfielder is the only United player he would deem good enough to feature for their two rivals. JUST IN: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reveals first words to Ousmane Dembele after Barcelona move “Pogba in his best form would," Scholes told Premier League productions when asked the question. "He is indicative of what the club are doing. Every player is inconsistent. People running the club are inconsistent in what they are doing. “I have been a big critic of Paul, but if you are an opposing player going to Old Trafford and you are playing against Fred and McTominay ‘all day long’. “Now, you don’t know what you are going to get with Paul. But when he is on his game, he is brilliant. “But when he isn’t, then against your Liverpool and Man City’s, you might struggle in them areas. Where do Man United go next year to replace him?” DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye dealChelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star manChelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display Pogba's impressive return to form has been marred by his ongoing contract dispute with the club. The 28-year-old has so far resisted United's attempts to tie him down to a new deal; leaving him free to quit the club for nothing again in the summer. A host of top European clubs have been credited with an interest in the World Cup winner, including Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ A recent report from The Manchester Evening News claimed that, as of right now, United are working under the assumption that Pogba will not be at the club next summer. However, it remains to be seen if Pogba's recent resurgence on the pitch could lead to United going back to the negotiating table in a last-ditch bid to persuade the Red Devils academy graduate to shun a move away from the club. Pogba has racked up over 200 appearances for the club since he returned to Old Trafford in a club-record £89million deal in the summer of 2016.