From Thursday, people will be advised to stay home if they catch Covid — but it won’t be mandated by law. This forms one part of Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s plans to end all domestic coronavirus restrictions in England as part of the “living with Covid” plan. So what do you think? Will you still self-isolate? Vote in our poll and leave your comments below this article. As well as dropping the requirement to isolate, the Government will also end the £500 self-isolation support payment for people on low incomes who test positive for Covid from Thursday. However, the Government will still “advise” people to stay home and avoid contact with others for at least five full days if they catch the virus. Also under the plan comes the end of free mass testing, due to take effect on April 1, which will see only the most vulnerable offered free tests. From this date, increased statutory sick pay will also end, and NHS Covid passes will no longer be required. READ MORE: Sturgeon to keep Covid rules indefinitely - Scotland remains shackled  Speaking at a Downing Street press conference on Monday evening, Mr Johnson said: "Today is not the day we can declare victory over Covid, because this virus is not going away". He described the pandemic as "two of the darkest, grimmest years in our peacetime history". However, he said the nation had passed the peak of Omicron, with falling cases and hospital admissions. He added that the country could now complete the "transition back towards normality" while retaining contingencies to respond to a Covid resurgence or a new variant. England's chief medical officer Sir Chris Whitty said the ending of virus restrictions was a "gradual, steady change", adding: "This is not a sudden 'everything stops'."  Sir Chris said the public health advice for people with Covid would still be to self-isolate to prevent others from catching it, as it would be for many other highly infectious diseases. But the plans have garnered widespread criticism from the medical and scientific community. The British Medical Association (BMA) said the plan failed to protect those most at risk. Dr Chaand Nagpaul, council chairman of the BMA, said the plan was likely to cause “more uncertainty and anxiety” in those most vulnerable. He added: “Living with COVID-19 must not mean ignoring the virus altogether — which in many respects the Government's plan in England seems to do.” DON'T MISS: UK should ‘stay the hell out' of Russia-Ukraine conflict [POLL[]Prince Andrew cash FACT-CHECK: Did the Queen fund Andrew's payout? [INSIGHT]Russia vs Ukraine in charts and numbers: How a conflict could play out [MAPS]  Dr Nagpaul called for "urgent clarity" on testing for NHS workers to protect staff and patients and said that "protections must be maintained for the most vulnerable, including the provision of enhanced face masks, and clear guidance for both patients and clinicians". Chris Hopson, chief executive of NHS Providers, said many NHS figures were "concerned about the potential impact of these decisions". He said it was "vital" the Government was ready to restore phased out testing and surveillance systems should they be needed. He warned there was a risk of "significantly exacerbating health inequalities" by implementing the new measures.  The Blood Cancer UK charity accused the Government of lifting restrictions "without a plan to protect immunocompromised people" and warned the move would leave many of them "feeling abandoned". Opposition parties have also criticised the plan saying it was moving too fast to adequately protect public health. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: “We can’t turn off Britain’s radar before the war is won. ‘Ignorance is bliss’ is not a responsible approach to a deadly virus. “It actually risks undoing all the hard-won progress the British people have achieved over the last two years.” 