Like her sister-in-law Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton is thought to prioritise her health and this influences her food and exercise choices. While the Duchess is known to take what she eats very seriously, she is also thought to favour some delicious foods whenever she craves a treat. A known running enthusiast, Kate is known to be passionate about sport and fitness. And given the importance the Duchess places on health, it's perhaps unsurprising that she's also reportedly jumped on the green juice trend. Every morning Kate blitzes up a kale, spirulina, matcha, spinach, romaine and coriander smoothie, according to the Mail Online. The Duchess is also thought to enjoy raw fruit and veg, opting for healthy watermelon salads when lunchtime arrives.  READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage But Kate is also thought to favour the odd indulgent treat, and her go-to choices are "relatable" comfort food classics many can get on board with. Behavioural expert Darren Stanton said on behalf of Coffee Friend: “Kate’s favourites are much more in line with what a lot of people would eat these days and she’s partial to trying new food trends, such as a raw food diet, plant-based meals or matcha in her coffee or green smoothies. "However, her diet consists of a lot of the nation’s old favourites too, like curry and sticky toffee pudding - it’s hearty food and very relatable. "Kate’s food tastes could suggest why she is arguably one of the most popular Royal Family members, she is in touch with what the masses like, she can relate to them and them to her."  According to Mr Stanton, Kate's food choices sync up well with her husband Prince William's eating style. He added: "William, meanwhile, likes to barbecue and running a family barbecue means you like to take charge and aren’t afraid to be the one who makes all the decisions - traits he will no doubt need and rely on when it comes to being king. "A barbecue is often no-frills, very homely and serves up hearty foods, what you see is what you get. "This is psychologically quite consistent with Kate, so this could be why she and William are a couple totally matched in pretty much every way.” DON'T MISS:Princess Eugenie's body language shows 'excitement and delight' in USA [INTERVIEW]Kate & William experience 'conflict' due to George, Charlotte & Louis [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton: Royal is 'exercise junkie' [INSIGHT]  Meals are thought to be hugely important in the Cambridge household, with Kate and William also keen to get their three royal children interested in food. Kate has shared during previous royal visits that her three children love to help out in the kitchen with mealtimes. Matthew Kleiner-Mann, chief executive of the Ivy Learning Trust, told PEOPLE after Kate visited the Lavender Primary School: "She was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her. “They made cheesy pasta the other day. One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in. And they make salads and stuff.” 