Strictly Come Dancing star Karen Hauer, 39, reached out to her Burn The Floor co-star Maksim Chmerkovskiy, 42, who revealed in a candid Instagram post that he is making attempts to leave Ukraine amid the Russian invasion. The father-of-one is currently in his native Ukraine where he worked as a judge on the show Dancing With The Stars. Maksim revealed that he was arrested while in Kyiv, Ukraine and is going to try and make his way out amid the Russian military assault on the country. The professional dancer said it was a "reality check" getting arrested but called it the "least traumatising moment in this whole thing as far as Ukraine is concerned". Taking to his Instagram account today, Makism shared a candid update in view of his 1.1 million followers. He explained that he had plans to leave the country and is admittedly "nervous" amid the ongoing ordeal. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty forced to address concern after sharing odd cat snap In a clip which has been viewed over 400,000 times, he gave an update on the picture-sharing site. He said: "There is a lot of fighting everywhere. The streets are crazy. At one point, I got arrested. "I'm all good, I promise." Makism continued: "That was probably the least traumatising moment in this whole thing as far as Ukraine is concerned.  "But for me it was a reality check." The dance judge added that it was a "lot to unpack" as he detailed his next moves. The Ukrainian-born star said he will be disappearing from social media "for a while" as he makes his way out of the country, only speaking to his wife Pete Murgatroyd, his parents and his brother Val Chmerkovskiy, 35. "I'm going to try and make my way out. I'm going to start making my way towards the border. I have options," he added. DON'T MISS... Jack Whitehall's partner Roxy Horner rushed to hospital[LATEST]The One Show's Angela Scanlon shares first photo of new baby[INSTAGRAM]Stacey Solomon's fiance Joe Swash talks change amid family plans[ADMISSION] "Just a little nervous but I think it's going to be alright. I know if it's going to be okay." Makism told his followers not to panic because he's going to disappear for a little bit as he makes his way out of the country. He also took to his stories and shared graphic photos of the impact of the war on Ukraine, adding that he is "tired and stressed out". The Dancing With The Star's judge was inundated with messages of supports, as people flocked to the comment section. Strictly's Karen penned a heartfelt message writing: "Stay safe. Travel safely. [Prayer hand emoji]." Leese commented: "Keep strong. We're all praying for you." Maggie added: "The strength of the fierce Ukrainian people is amazing! Prayers for all." Amid the Russian invasion, Ukrainian officials reportedly have mandated men between the ages of 18 and 60 to remain in the country if they are needed for battle, and have restricted them from crossing borders into other countries, Reuters claimed. Russian forces seized two small cities in southeastern Ukraine and the area around a nuclear power plant, according to the Interfax news agency.