Death in Paradise returned for its 11th outing last month and has proved once again why it is a hit every week. To round off the season, the team will have to work out how a murder took place during a prestigious chess match. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the season 11 episode eight guest stars. The chess tournament welcomes a number of celebrated chess players to Saint Marie, including Maurice Holbourne who is one of its competitors. As the team begins to investigate a death, he quickly becomes one of their suspects. Actor Paul Brown has been in various popular series during his career, including Up Line, Watching, The Last Salute, Merseybeat, Holby City, Doctors and Hollyoaks. Coronation Street fans may best recognise him as Richard Lucas, Roy Cropper's (played by David Neilson) long-lost brother. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? Lucas is one of the clear favourites in the chess tournament, with his matches closely watched by all. He has a loyal following who are eager to see him win but at what cost is he willing to rise to the top? Actor Anders Hayward is very new in the entertainment industry, having only started acting in 2015. His biggest part to date has been in E4's comedy-drama Gap Year as Dylan. Julius is a chess grandmaster who has been a recluse for 35 years but decides to return to the game for the tournament. Unfortunately, he becomes the victim of this Death in Paradise episode as he is murdered in unusual circumstances. David Sibley has been in The Bill, 45 Years, Doctors, Vanity Fair and The Last Letter from Your Lover just to name a few. One of his most memorable parts was in 1996's Frontiers as DCI David Lennox. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]Don Warrington wife: Is the Death in Paradise star married?  [RELATIONSHIP]Don Warrington: Does the Death in Paradise star have children? [CAST] Journalist Maggie Harper is back to report on the chess tournament and the death of Julius Rotfield. But what will she find out during her own investigation and is she going to get in the way of the police doing their job? Orla Brady is an Irish actress who is best known for playing Siobhan Dhillon in the drama, Mistresses. She has also been in Proof, Revelations, Sinbad, Jo, Banished, Odyssey, American Horror Story and The South Westerlies. Keeping a watchful eye over each chess match is arbiter Grigory Markoff. Some of the TV shows actor Simon Paisley has been in are Whitstable Pearl, The Crown, Victoria, Doctor Who, TItanic and The Last Detective. Later this year, he will star in COVID-19 Sky Atlantic drama This Sceptered Isle as Dominic Cummings. Death in Paradise season 11 concludes Friday, February 25, at 9pm on BBC One.