From venomous snakes to abandoned islands, there are several mysterious places British tourists can’t visit. Where are they? Queimada Grande, or Snake Island, in Brazil is off limits to all visitors apart from a few scientific researchers. The exotic island has been uninhabited for decades. However, in the absence of humans, the island has been invaded by poisonous snakes. The Golden Lancehead viper is one of the most venomous snakes in the world and can even dissolve flesh around its bites. It’s not hard to see why the Brazilian Government has banned tourists from accessing the dangerous island. READ MORE: Boost for Britons as Covid passport dropped in Spanish region  North Sentinel island in the Indian Ocean isn’t uninhabited but is off limits to all tourists and visitors. The isolated island is home to one of the world’s last uncontacted tribes. Known as the Sentinelese, the island’s inhabitants have barely had any contact with the outside world. In 2018, an American missionary named John Allen Chau was killed by the Sentinelese after ignoring warnings against travelling to the island. Due to their isolation, the people would likely be very vulnerable to diseases so are left alone for their own protection.  Another mysterious island, tourists and residents are strictly forbidden from travelling to North Brother. Located in the centre of New York’s East River, North Brother island was abandoned over 50 years ago. The island has a tragic past as it was used to isolate people with contagious diseases until the 1940s. It was abandoned in 1963 and access is strictly limited as the buildings are in a dangerous state.  The incredible Bhangarh Fort in Rajasthan in India was built in 1573 and was once part of a kingdom. However, in 1783 the population fled due to a devastating famine hitting the area. Legend states that the kingdom was destroyed because the fort was cursed. The Fort is now recognised as haunted and visitors need a Government permit to travel there. It is thought that tigers could roam the area at night.  The mysterious Doomsday Vault could hold the key to saving mankind but is strictly off limits to visitors. The secure vault holds an incredible array of plant seeds from all over the world in the depths of the Arctic Svalbard archipelago. In the event of an apocalypse or global crisis, researchers hope the seeds will be safeguarded. Lucky guests are allowed to visit on specific days but the vault is off limits to the general public.