Arsenal have joined the race for Leeds winger Raphinha, according to reports, but the Gunners have plenty of work to do if they are to complete a transfer this summer. That's because the north London club are just one of several teams interested in exploring a deal for the Brazilian international, who continues to catch the eye in the Premier League and for his country. Incredibly, Leeds paid just £17million for the forward on transfer deadline day in August 2020 when they struck a late agreement with French side Rennes. Since then, Raphinha has cemented his place as a fan-favourite at Elland Road with his trickery, samba skills and ruthless finishing. The 25-year-old's stock has sky-rocketed as a result of his performances, with his value now thought to be at around £50m. Leeds are keen to open contract talks with Raphinha, who would like to wait until the end of the season before discussing his future. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation According to Italian journalist Gianluigi Longari, Arsenal are now interested in landing the player alongside the likes of Chelsea, Barcelona and Bayern Munich. The Gunners will seek to bolster their attacking options at the end of the season after allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to join Barcelona in January. Mikel Arteta and Edu are planning at least two blockbuster additions to the club's forward line in the off-season, with a striker top of the agenda. However, it appears Raphinha is also under consideration with Arsenal seemingly open to strengthening on the flanks. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesArsenal captain Alexandre Lacazette trolls Ivan Toney after getting Brentford revenge The same report references two important clauses in Raphinha's current Leeds contract expected to dictate any final price. His release clause is said to stand at around £62million, a fee Leeds are likely to demand in order to agree to a sale. Furthermore, should Leeds be relegated from the Premier League, Raphinha could be up for grabs at as little as £20m. That's because of a relegation clause allegedly written into his Elland Road deal, in order to protect his value. Although that figure would still prove a snip for any potential suitor, Leeds would still make around £3m profit on the £17m fee shelled out to Rennes 18 months ago. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Arsenal will be cautious of ensuring they continue their excellent recent recruitment record. Edu has worked hard to rectify the club's mistakes in the market after previously spending a whopping £72m club-record fee on Nicolas Pepe. The right-winger has flattered to deceive at the Emirates Stadium despite moments and glimpses of huge promise. On the basis of this season's form, Raphinha would represent a clear upgrade on the Ivory Coast international.