Free prescription age currently sits at 60, at which point the £9.35 per item charge will no longer be applicable. However, a Government consultation has looked into whether this should rise to align with state pension age. Consequently, many Britons are worried about what the implications would be for those aged 60 to 65. If the proposal does go ahead it may mean many more individuals in England now face a prescription charge. But amid this news, individuals should note some items will never come with a charge. Making note of these can help people affected to keep their costs down. READ MORE: State pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared The NHS has explained the charge will not be applicable for particular items. Primarily, this will be for medication given to hospital inpatients. Some people will have to be admitted into hospital if they are unwell, or to manage a serious health condition. As such, any medication related to their stay will not incur a charge, which can be comforting to note. DON'T MISSPension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' [ANALYSIS]State pension sum may be affected if you have workplace pension [INSIGHT]Pensioners could get extra £358 per month - are you eligible? [UPDATE] The other prescribed items which will not be subject to a charge are contraceptives, the NHS has said. The £9.35 per item charge means there is a charge for each different drug or medical appliance on a person’s prescription. Support stockings will be charged per stocking, it should be noted. The charge is only applicable in England, as Scotland and Wales get free prescriptions. This is because devolved Governments have jurisdiction over health related policies. For those who have already made a payment, but later find themselves eligible, could be entitled to a refund. The NHS explains: “You can only get a refund if you were given an FP57 refund receipt when you paid. “You cannot get one later.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Individuals should take their FP57 refund receipt to any pharmacy. They must also provide evidence they were entitled to a free NHS prescription when they paid. This must be done within three months of the date a person paid for the refund to be secured.