Her glowing skin was analysed by beauty entrepreneur and model Sophie Hughes, founder of glowb. The owner of the clean, vegan, and cruelty-free beauty brand, made in the UK, said: "Being a busy mum-of-three Kate Middleton still has gorgeous glowing skin." Sophie explained how Kate is likely to achieve such a glow with skincare. She said: "Kate will know preparation is the most important step for glowing skin, so a good cleanser that gently exfoliates to remove dryness and boosts moisture is vital. "Found naturally in the skin, hyaluronic acid can hold a thousand times its weight in water and helps to keep the skin hydrated, dewy, and plump. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'may have had some whitening treatment' on his teeth since meeting Meghan "Indulging in a weekly face mask is essential for keeping clear skin and reaching for a clay mask will draw our pore congestion and boost skin radiance. "The Not Another Pink Mask from glowb is packed full of anti-inflammatory ingredients, alongside Vitamin E, to leave your skin clear and hydrated." The Duchess is a lifelong fan of exercise and is said to eat a healthy diet, full of fruit-rich smoothies and curries, according to reports. All of these habits help create a clear and glowing complexion. DON'T MISSKate's 'imperfect' teeth reflect a 'more British' sensibility [DENTIST] 'Hair for days': Kate Middleton shows her 'outdoorsy sporty style' [PICTURES] Where to buy Kate Middleton’s jewellery from Copenhagen trip [STYLE] A flannel Kate is said to use a simple flannel to cleanse her face. Her wedding day makeup artist Arabelle Preston swears by using a flannel to cleanse. Trilogy Certified Organic Rosehip Oil Reports claimed Kate used this product during her second pregnancy. It helps with scars, stretch marks, and wrinkles. Natural Lip Perfector in Rose Shimmer, Clarins Kate was seen using this product at Wimbledon. She chose the hydrating lip product in Rose Shimmer.  Bobbi Brown Skin Long-Wear Weightless Foundation SPF15 Bobbi Brown's makeup artist Hannah Martin provided help to members of the bridal party for the royal wedding. It's thought Kate used this foundation on the big day. Essie nail colour in Allure Kate chose this demure pale pink for her wedding day. Kate Middleton's eyebrows are said to have been subject to the latest fashionable brow treatment. Laminated eyebrows can produce the natural and yet full look the Duchess of Cambridge sported recently, notably when the royal glowed in gold at the No Time to Die premiere in London. Tori Rosero, make-up artist and founder of Glowblade Academy told Express.co.uk: "Kate Middleton's fluffy brows definitely look like they have been laminated to create a natural, yet fluffy and perfectly set brow. "When brows are laminated we use a cream to set brows into the desired position, so Kate’s therapist could definitely have done this to create the fluffy and textured, yet immaculately groomed look she has now."