Leeds United have confirmed that Marcelo Bielsa has been sacked as manager. Former RB Leipzig manager Jesse Marsch is currently the favourite to take over. The Elland Road club have been in freefall and suffered their fourth successive heavy defeat on the weekend after Tottenham thrashed them 4-0. Bielsa, who guided Leeds back to the top-flight, had come under intense scrutiny over his stubbornness to change tactics, with Leeds conceding more goals than any other club in the Premier League. And now the Argentine has paid the ultimate price as he leaves the club in 16th and in the middle of a relegation dogfight. Bielsa won the affection of the Leeds faithful after guiding them back to the promised land in the 2019-2020 season. Under his guidance, Leeds achieved their best league finish for almost 20 years last season as they easily staved off the threat of relegation by finishing 9th.   However, Leeds have struggled to repeat their performances of last season and now find themselves in danger of going down. Bielsa's struggles to turn around Leeds' fortunes have, in part, been due to an injury crisis that has kept the likes of Kalvin Phillips and Patrick Bamford out of action in recent weeks. Despite Bielsa working wonders at the club since his arrival in 2018, the board have now taken decisive action in a bid to stop their slump. A lengthy statement from chairman Andrea Radrizzani on Sunday read: “This has been the toughest decision I have had to make during my tenure at Leeds United, taking into account all the success Marcelo has had at the club. “With Marcelo as our head coach, we had three incredible campaigns and the good times returned to Elland Road. He changed the culture of the club and brought a winning mentality to us all. The moments created, particularly in the 2019/20 season and winning promotion to the Premier League, will of course live long in all our memories, myself and the fans included. “However, I have to act in the best interest of the club and I believe a change is required now in order to secure our Premier League status.  Recent results and performances have not met our expectations. “We find ourselves in a precarious league position and I feel now is the right time to bring in a new head coach, in order to have an impact in the decisive stage of the season. “Naturally, myself, along with everyone else at the club would like to thank Marcelo for his efforts and achievements and we wish him the very best for the future.” American manager Marsch, who spent a brief spell in charge of Leipzig earlier this season, has been identified as Leeds' No 1 candidate and will be tasked with keeping the club in the Premier League should he be appointed.  Leeds currently sit just two points above the relegation zone but have played two more games than 18th-placed Burnley. The Elland Road side face a crunch period coming up with games against fellow relegation strugglers Norwich and Watford in the next couple of months. Leeds will hope to have their new permanent manager in the dugout before their next match against Leicester on Saturday, March 5.