The statement came after the UN Security Council meeting on Ukraine in which 11 of the UN Security Council's 15 members voted for the motion to condemn Russia's ‘aggression’ against Ukraine, but Russia's veto had blocked the measure. China, India and the UAE abstained from the resolution co-written by the United States.  Mr Guterres said: “The United Nations was born out of war to end war. Today, that objective was not achieved. “But we must never give up. We must give peace another chance. “Soldiers need to return to their barracks. Leaders need to turn to the path of dialogue and peace.” Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that Russian troops would attempt to take the capital city Kyiv during the night.  Zelenskyy said in a video address to the nation: “I have to say absolutely openly. This night will be more difficult than the day. Many cities of our state are under attack. “Special attention on Kyiv – we cannot lose the capital,” he added in the clip released by the presidency. “I am turning to our defenders, male and female, on all fronts: this night the enemy will use all the forces it has to crush our defence in a treacherous, harsh and inhumane way. “Tonight they will attempt a storming,” he added, in an apparent reference to the capital Kyiv. READ MORE: Putin threat: UK on red alert for 'attack' from Russia Mr Guterres further said that the UN Charter has been challenged in the past, but it has stood firm on the side of peace, security, development, justice, international law & human rights. He said: “The international community must do everything in its power so that these values prevail in Ukraine & for all humanity. “Time after time, when the international community has rallied together in solidarity, those values have prevailed. They will prevail, independently of what happened today. “We must do everything in our power so that they prevail in Ukraine but they prevail for all humanity.”  DON'T MISS:Building collapse as 100 firefighters battle Manchester infernoMark Dolan accuses ‘arrogant’ West for Russia’s invasion of UkraineBalby fire: ‘Smoke plume’ looms over Doncaster as engines tackle re...  According to the UN, at least 100,000 Ukrainians have already reportedly fled their homes – with many crossing into neighbouring countries, underlining the regional nature of this growing crisis. Mr Guterres continued: “Today in Ukraine, despite the growing operational challenges, the UN is scaling up the delivery of life-saving support, including in the eastern part of the country, on both sides of the line of [contact]. “Humanitarian needs are multiplying and spreading by the hour. Civilians are dying.” 