Spring is almost here and it’s the perfect time to blitz your property. With everything from dusty skirting boards to limescale covered sinks to tackle, there is plenty to do around the house before the new season sets in - yet many of us will forget this one key task. Cleaning or even replacing essential tools is often forgotten by house proud homeowners, but the experts at End of Tenancy London have revealed exactly how often you should be doing it. Sponges are one of the most commonly used items to scrub kitchens and bathrooms, harbouring high levels of dirt and bacteria. While these soft, absorbent squares are the perfect cleaning tool, it could be doing more harm than good without the correct care between uses. According to the experts at End of Tenancy London, sponges should be rinsed after every use and replaced on a weekly basis. READ MORE: Grout: The key DIY job that can keep grout clean 'for longer' Similarly to sponges, cleaning rags and cloths provide the perfect breeding ground for lingering germs like E. coli. These soft tools are perfect for polishing and wiping down grubby surfaces, but they will do little more than simply spread bacteria if you forget to wash them regularly. To keep your cleaning rags and cloths sanitary, you should: Flooring is one of the worst surfaces for trapping hidden dirt and can quickly leave hard flooring dusty and covered in loose debris. To keep your mop heads clean, always do a thorough sweep or vacuum before mopping to reduce the amount of loose dirt in the water. For cleaner floors, you should rinse your mop bucket out with hot soapy water after each use and leave to dry. Wring out mop heads thoroughly in clean water after every use and leave to dry. DON'T MISS:How to clean patio slabs - three household items for a sparkling patio [INSIGHT]Energy bills: The flooring that could slash 10 percent off energy bill [REVEAL]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [ANALYSIS] The gloves you wear for washing up or scrubbing the toilet should last a long time if cared for. Clean gloves with warm water and soap after every use – and only replace them when they are looking worse for wear. Plastic brushes last a long time and tend to be more durable than cloths and sponges, but you should still wash them regularly. Soak in hot soapy water solution after use and rinse thoroughly until clean. Leave the brush to air dry between uses and replace once the bristles begin to fray and fall off. Sanitising your tools is essential to keep a hygienic and tidy home, but what exactly should you use to deep clean everything from brushes to mop heads? Fill a microwave-safe bowl with warm water and add two halves of a fresh lemon. Place your sponges and rags into the bowl and place in the microwave for 60 seconds This powerful solution is perfect for toilet brushes and dirty sponges. While wearing gloves, mix three-quarters of a cup of bleach in one gallon of water and soak the sponge for five minutes, then rinse thoroughly.  