 The One Show aired a special episode broadcast from Buckingham Palace on Wednesday evening as they marked 100 days to go until Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee weekend. Presenters Alex Jones and Ronan Keeting hosted the show from the Blue Drawing Room at the palace. During the programme, they spoke to members of the public about their encounters with the Queen and one former student nurse recalled a funny meeting he had with the monarch.   Alex welcomed viewers to the show saying: “We are honoured to have been invited here to mark 100 days to go until the Queen’s platinum jubilee weekend. “This is the Blue Drawing Room and was originally the Ball Room before the current one was added in 1855. “It’s beautiful isn’t it?” She added, with Ronan agreeing: “It’s absolutely gorgeous.” Later on in the show, they shared stories from members of the public who had previously met the Queen. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?  The One Show chatted to Craig Millward, who met the Queen back in 2017 when he was a student nurse at Hull University. He explained that while he was studying, it was announced a VIP was coming to open the Allam medical building - a new teaching facility. Craig was chosen to play the part of a patient for a demonstration during the visit but confessed he didn’t originally realise he’d be meeting the Queen. “During the first two weeks of rehearsal we didn’t know who the VIP was and as it got closer to the time we then found out it was the biggest VIP of all,” he explained.    However, Craig admitted that when the time came to meet the monarch he was feeling nervous. “It was really nerve-wracking waiting for my moment,” he confessed. The former student nurse recalled a funny interaction he had with the Queen during her visit. Craig said: “I was playing a patient who had just had an operation and needed pain relief. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak as Marlon Dingle splits up with Rhona? [SPOILERS]GMB fury: Richard Madeley hit with Ofcom complaints [UPDATE]Queen sparks royal fan frenzy as monarch teases exciting news [MUST SEE]  “Then I had a sip of water and the Queen actually remarked to me and said ‘I hope that’s water in that’. “To which I responded ‘Unfortunately it is ma’am’,” he laughed. Reflecting on the interaction, Craig added: “I wasn’t sure if I’d overstepped the mark or not, but the Queen smiled and laughed. “I’d never really seen the Queen laughing and joking like I did on that day.    "It just shows that she’s got a sense of humour like we all have,” he said. After listening to Craig’s recollection, presenter Alex said: “Thanks to everyone for sharing their stories. It was lovely.” On February 6 this year Her Majesty The Queen became the first British Monarch to celebrate a Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years of service to the people of the United Kingdom, the Realms and the Commonwealth. To celebrate the anniversary, the UK will enjoy a four day bank holiday weekend from Thursday 2 to Sunday 5 of June. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 