What this new Government directive doesn’t say is how the new guidelines will be policed and what will happen to teachers who ignore them. Because the fact is teachers who indoctrinate young minds with their political beliefs should be chucked out of the profession. And the fact our education secretary has had to remind them that their job is to educate not indoctrinate shows just how shocking the situation now is. These new guidelines come after a series of stories where teachers have been encouraging children to criticise the Tories. The most recent example was one junior school that had 10-year-olds writing letters to the PM about his lockdown troubles. This kind of indoctrination is already rife in our universities. It moved to secondary schools and now it’s in primary schools. Is it because the teachers doing this have forgotten or don’t know what their job is supposed to be? That it’s about educating kids not grooming future Labour voters and teaching them to hate other political parties – especially the Tories? Yes, children should be educated on how Government works, on how politics works (although maybe not at 10) but they should not be taught in a partisan way. But before all that they should be taught the basics, the Three Rs – reading, writing and arithmetic. And bearing in mind that 25 percent of five-year-olds are illiterate and we have 9 million functionally illiterate adults in the UK that clearly isn’t happening. George Orwell once said: “If people cannot write well, they cannot think well. And if they cannot think well, others will do their thinking for them.” And that’s exactly what happens in many of our schools today. Teachers are telling kids how to think! Children go to school to learn, to be educated not to have words put into their mouths and political beliefs into their brain by woke Left-wing teachers. And what’s happening in many of our schools today isn’t education, it’s Left-wing indoctrination by angry teachers who are using vulnerable, impressionable kids to push their own agenda. That’s not just wrong – it’s immoral because in college teachers are taught not to bring their politics or their religion into the classroom yet it’s happening at an alarming rate. Teaching used to be – and should be – a respected profession. It is one of the most important jobs anyone can do because it comes with the huge responsibility of helping to shape the kind of adults our children become.