The drip drip erosion of his credibility and purchase on power suggests to nervous Tory MPs that somehow, they would be better off without him and this rolling sense of instability. But would they? Johnson assembled a wholly unique coalition of voters – basically everyone who was excluded, repudiated, abandoned and immiserated by the conventional liberal settlement that had governed Britain since 1979. For the Conservative Party is still largely and unfortunately a creature of the 1980’s, (a Party only for the successful in the South East) it hasn’t realised or grasped what it might yet do for the working classes in Britain and the once in a century political opportunity that Johnson’s administration represents. It is doubtful in the extreme that any of the alternatives to Johnson would be able to keep this Brexit coalition together as by inclination and ideology they remain southern market liberals who will have very little (almost nothing) to offer to red wall voters. In reality what they would face would be a version of George Osborne 2.0, a Covid induced period of sustained austerity and the starving of already starved public services. With no big ideas or imagination to genuinely level up the country – instead it would be a return to governing for the City and the South Eastern enclaves that work there.  Like him or not Johnson has assembled a coalition of working class and non-cosmopolitan support that alone sustains the current majority. In one sense the PM knows this, it is clear he believes rightly and profoundly in the levelling up agenda but in another he hasn’t yet altered his own governing philosophy to best express this, nor has he hired the staff or created the office to deliver on it. What is troubling about Party Gate is if the PM reaches for the old 1980’s Thatcherite safety net and tries to triangulate between past and current Conservative voters, he will lose his premiership and the Tories will lose their majority at the next election. The signs are not promising, there are clarion calls for a return to real Conservatism of deregulation and low taxes but this approach only ever benefits the already well off – it didn’t and it won’t transform the lives of those who voted Conservative in the Red Wall seats that now constitute the Conservative majority. Having made one brave political move in supporting Brexit he needs to make another and support those who voted for Brexit. And yes that means understanding that the culture war needs to be fought, for all the Woke agenda and the tyranny of the politically correct represents is just another attempt by the highly privileged to undermine the values and agency of those they most despise: the working class. And yes, it means recrafting the State to help those who need it most in the vast tracts of our abandoned towns and desolate regions. This doesn’t mean more welfare, but it must mean State enabled investment at an unprecedented scale. In America in the 1960’s President Johnson’s war on poverty was blindsided and defeated by Vietnam, in Britain in the 2020’s we can’t let Prime Minister Johnson’s battle against poverty and exclusion to be defeated by the war on Covid. What Boris needs to do now to survive is express his vision for both the present and the future – to craft with bold imaginative policies how he can remove the barriers of disadvantage and restore pride and place to voters. That means defending shared norms and majority views against the class based sectarianism of the bourgeoisie and it means recasting the state as a mass bespoke engine for spreading prosperity and purpose beyond the South East. None of his rivals can do this or indeed would want to – Boris remains the best chance for a transformative Conservative politics to restore solidarity and hope for places that have been abandoned for generations. His own MPs probably know this, but they need to hear such from their Prime Minister. If he sets this as his core purpose and builds links and a new constituency with the Red Wall MPs he will stay in Downing Street. If that means abandoning the philosophy and politics of the 1980’s so be it. He must craft the new Red Tory policies required to complete the project he began. His choice remains to be the Disraeli of the 21st century or another failed Conservative Prime Minister.