 On Sunday, Call the Midwife returned for its season 11 finale on BBC One and viewers finally learned who had made it through to another season. The episode followed on from the tragic train derailment, and sadly, there were some fatalities. Actor Stephen McGann, who plays doctor Patrick Turner has reached out to his fans on social media and explained the episode was personal to him and even linked the storyline to his own family heartbreak.   On Twitter, Stephen confessed: “Some personal context to tonight's #CallTheMidwife ep. I've been in a deadly disaster myself. “It's cruel, but ordinary in its cruel lottery. “Absolutely part of life. Also, my mum lost twins like Carol. My brothers. “They were placed in a coffin with a stranger,” he told fans. READ MORE:EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues?  Stephen made reference to the gut-wrenching moment when Carole Reece's (played by Ellie-May Sheridan) baby had died because it was too small. Another fatality was Dorothy Carnie (Stephanie Jacob) who was on board the train serving tea at the time of the derailment. Carole’s baby was buried with Dorothy as a way of ensuring safe passage to the afterlife. Miss Higgins (Georgie Glen) had warned viewers about the devastating effects the train crash could have on the residents of Poplar.  In an interview on Lorraine, the TV star claimed there could be “repercussions”, saying: “ Everyone has to put their fears to one side, roll up their sleeves, get on and leave their personal worries aside. "When I saw the episode myself, I was shocked – and I knew it was coming.” Speaking to Christine Lampard, who was covering for Lorraine Kelly, Georgie revealed: "So I think the way it just evolved and happened at the end of the episode was shocking. “You just didn’t see it was about to happen.”  Some members of the BBC audience were worried about their two favourite characters Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) and Dr Turner’s fate after they were also caught in the crash. However, showrunner Heidi Thomas, claimed she knew her audience "very well", which implied it could have been intentional In an interview with Radio Times, she revealed: “What appeals to me as a dramatist isn't the spectacular nature of anything, but I know my Call the Midwife characters so well, as do the audience. “The idea of taking people with whom you're very familiar, and putting them in an unfamiliar situation, immediately creates all sorts of scenarios we don't normally get to see.”   Luckily for BBC audiences, the popular period drama has been re-commissioned for season 12 and season 13, which should take viewers up to 1969 or even the 1970s when it comes to the show's timeline. Piers Wenger, Director of BBC Drama, said: “The enduring popularity of Call the Midwife is a testament to the extraordinary love and creativity from its creator Heidi Thomas and its producers Pippa Harris and Ann Tricklebank." Piers also gushed he was “delighted” to have secured another two seasons and hopes it won’t end there. He also expressed his excitement over the work they do on the show, praising the characters of Poplar to return for “years to come”. Call the Midwife series 11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 