James Martin appeared on This Morning earlier in the week to prepare some scones as the presenters celebrated Phillip Schofield’s 40 years in television. However, the ITV chef and star of James Martin’s Saturday Morning issued a warning to anyone looking to try out his signature scone recipe at home. Talking Holly Willoughby and Phillip through the recipe, James mixed his scone mixture together in a bowl. He explained: “So you mix this together by hand and what you are doing is working the gluten less. “That’s why I always say to young chefs and young cooks when they get into it, think about how your granny used to make biscuits and cakes. “My granny used to make biscuits and you’d put them in your mouth and they’d dissolve. Read more: James Martin sparks uproar as he uses butter on creamed scone “That’s because she didn’t have a fancy machine and if you have a fancy machine sometimes you’ll overwork the gluten in the flour.” Holly asked: “What are you feeling for? Because when you say you overwork the gluten I don’t know what that means. “I know what that means but I don’t know what that looks like.” “Gluten can be your friend but it can be your enemy,” James replied. “So your friend when you’re doing bread when you’re working the gluten into the flour.” James clarified this helps to build up the structure of the bread. “But in pastry what we don’t want is for it to be tough,” he shared. “A lot of the time you’ll get that if you’re making anything particularly if you’re doing a flan. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow expert unveils value of RAF clock bought for £20 [VIDEO]EastEnders exit as Stacey Slater flees to help Kheerat evade police? [SPOILER]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker to be replaced by Ralf Little? [POLL] “When you’re lining a flan if you overwork the pastry it’ll shrink. “That’s because you’ve over mixed it or you’ve not given it a chance to relax and rest in the fridge overnight. “But generally it’s over mixed,” the TV chef concluded. Once James had finished rustling up his scones, Phillip was left “outraged” by the topping the chef opted for. “Although you’ve got butter inside, you take more butter…,” James said as he topped a scone with butter. “Oh no, no, no, no, no,” Phillip exclaimed. “I could never do butter on a scone.” Continuing, James said: “You take butter…,” before being interrupted by Phillip: “That’s outrageous. What’s going on?” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.