Holidays are something many of us look forward to throughout the year, with summer being the prime season to escape the disappointment of the British weather. Whether you’re after an all-inclusive beach resort or a self-catered rental, there are plenty of options both in and outside of Europe for travel-hungry Brits. With international travel now fully open for the first-time in two years, the demand for summer holidays is already climbing - but how will it affect your travel plans? England has become one of the easiest destinations to travel to since scrapping entry testing requirements and self-isolation rules for vaccinated visitors. While the Government's relaxed response is making it easier for people to visit the country, varied entry restrictions remain in place throughout Europe and beyond for UK travellers heading abroad. Though the threat of coronavirus still looms across the globe, holiday-seekers are being urged not to hesitate when booking a trip in 2022. Instead, travellers are advised to keep a close eye on the rules in their chosen destination and to know their travel rights while booking package holidays. With travel expected to resume as normal, leading travel group Thomas Cook has revealed its forecast for the true cost of your summer holiday. READ MORE: Cost of living POLL: Will you cancel your holiday abroad this year? Europe is the most popular destination for UK travellers during the summer, with the likes of Spain, Greece and Turkey taking the top spots. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, David Child, Head of PR and Brand at Thomas Cook said: “Generally speaking Spain is more expensive than Greece, which is more expensive than Turkey. “What people will tend to do though is spend the same money and trade up or down on board basis or star rating (a five-star all-inclusive in Turkey might be a similar price to a four-star half-board in Spain, for example).” Current prices show that holiday-seekers looking to book a trip for June will pay: For travellers looking to travel at the height of the summer during the month of August, prices will vary depending on the destination and number of travellers. For a 10-day all-inclusive getaway in Europe, a family of four should expect to pay between £1,600 and £2,000. According to current figures advertised by Thomas Cook, a four-star package holiday in Greece could cost a family of four more than £3,000 in mid-August for a 10-day stay. For a five-star trip to Turkey, you’ll find lower prices in the region of £2,000. DON'T MISS:Holiday booking warning: avoid £1,000 fine when confirming details [INSIGHT]TUI is offering £300 off summer 2022 holidays - how to get code [DEALS]Where is hot? 30 best European cities for sunny holidays [ANALYSIS] While the relaxed feel of an all-inclusive holiday is the most popular option for sun-seeking Brits, David explains how a simple switch could save you thousands of pounds. He said: “If families opted to go self-catering then there are lower cost options for less than £1,000.” In fact, flying out to Fuengirola Beach on the Costa del Sol in Spain could cost a family of four as little as £1,176 for one week at the three star resort. Flying out at the very end of August can bring the price down to just £985 for the same duration - even with flights included. For large all-inclusive resorts on a budget, David advised travellers to consider places like Turkey, Tunisia and Egypt.  While last-minute holidays are a great option for spontaneous summer holidays, spring is usually the busiest time for flight and hotel bookings. David said: “At Thomas Cook, our most popular month for taking bookings is April, so we’d expect the beginning of the 'peak' summer holiday bookings to start next month.” Prices are largely based on supply and demand, so if demand is low hotels and airlines will drop their prices to fill the planes and the rooms. Thomas Cook’s best selling destinations include Rhodes, Crete, Majorca, Antalya and Dalaman - so it might be best to avoid sought-after spots if you’re on a tighter budget. Prices tend to be lower when flights have lots of seats left close to departure, and can be around 15 percent cheaper in June compared with August. David said: “If a flight has lots of seats close to departure (and a hotel has lots of rooms), the holiday will be priced to attract customers – which could save last-minute bookings a fair bit of money. “But remember, the main benefit of booking early is you get to fly on the flight you want and stay in the hotel you prefer while there is still plenty of choice.”