Thieves raided three lorries parked on set of the popular television series The Crown and escaped with a huge haul of valuable props in Doncaster on Wednesday, South Yorkshire Police confirmed. The thieves made off with around 200 items including silverware, a grandfather clock, jewellery, candelabras and a replica of a Russian Fabrerge Egg purchased by King George V and Queen Mary in 1933. The looters successfully gained access into the lorries just before the filming of scenes for the fifth series of The Crown began. The award-winning show is being shot around Yorkshire for its fifth series, which is set to air later this year. South Yorkshire Police warned antique dealers to look out for the expensive artefacts.  The force has since announced all lines of enquiry have been exhausted so they have shelved the case. A spokesperson said: “Police were called at 4.30pm on Wednesday 16 February following a report of theft from vehicles at Pastures Road, Doncaster. “It is reported that three vehicles containing props used in film and TV were broken into and a number of items taken. “Officers investigated the incident but all existing lines of inquiry have now been exhausted. The case has been filed pending any new lines of inquiry.” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Netflix has spoken out about the theft and confirmed that it happened on Wednesday. The company, however, believes the incident won't delay filming. A spokesperson for the popular streaming service said: “We can confirm the antiques have been stolen and we hope that they are found and returned safely. Replacements will be sourced; there is no expectation that filming will be held up.” The Sun reported a source saying: "Producers have an incredible eye for detail and every item was meticulously chosen. To lose the lot is just heartbreaking.  DON'T MISS: 'She looks gorgeous': Sophie Wessex stuns in blue wide-legged trousers [VIDEO]Royal tour timeline: Every tour senior royals will undertake this year [INSIGHT]Kate, William and rest of Firm prepare for Jubilee tours abroad [COMMENT] The Star reported a TV insider saying: “This couldn’t have come at a more frustrating time. “Producers are frantically trying to find replacements. But given so many were unique, it won’t be easy.” The stolen gems were purchased to use as props for the fifth series of The Crown, which covers the Royal Family's lives over the years 1990 to 1997. The new series will feature a new all-star studded cast with Imelda Staunton taking over the role as the Queen and Lesley Manville will portray Princess Margaret. Elizabeth Debicki will also take over Emma Corrin in the role of Princess Diana, with the series reportedly dramatising her infamous 1995 Panorama interview with Martin Bashir. 