James Jordan, 43, unleashed his fury earlier today against Vladimir Putin as the Ukraine conflict escalated. The former Strictly Come Dancing star took to his Twitter, where he enjoys a following of 306,000, to condemn the Russian leader. In a series of tweets, James labelled the Russian president a “nutcase” as he called on the international community to “stop” him. He wrote: “We need to stop this man NOW because if we don’t this is just the beginning. He is a nutcase! “We not only have the fight against Covid - we now have a fight against humanity.” In later tweets James added that Putin was “deranged” and that he should be “wiped off this planet”. READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death He penned: “So we have Boris and Biden to help sort this mess out - we’re doomed.” “A lot of people in this country that are saying we should stay out of it or let him have Ukraine DON’T know what’s coming if we do nothing. “The man is deranged and needs to be wiped of this planet plus whatever is within 5 miles of him to make sure the job was done. #Ukraine.” (sic) Other Twitter users replied to the professional dancer’s remarks, expressing the views on the situation. EvelynPlummer13 said: “So, you willing to get over there and protect Ukraine? “You’re not too old to be called up when the time comes. “Somehow I don’t think you will. Happy enough to stay on Twitter.” (sic) Mammabell15 added: “How can we stand by and watch him attack innocent people? DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [LATEST]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [UPDATE]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war [INSIGHT] “How would we feel if it was us and the rest of the world had that attitude? “As you say James, Ukraine is just the first name on his list.” Matttheroyst typed: “Completely disagree. Proper economic sanctions, not the Mickey Mouse ones in place at the moment, are the answer. “Your suggestion would lead to hundreds of thousands, if not millions more deaths.” The debate comes after the Embassy of Ukraine to the UK issued an update on social media, announcing the beginning of a war. They tweeted: “It was 5 o'clock in the morning Kiev time Putin started an unprovoked war against Ukraine, a war against Europe, a war against the whole world.” The Ukrainian Minister of Foreign Affairs wrote on Twitter: “Putin has just launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. “Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes. This is a war of aggression. Ukraine will defend itself and will win. The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now.”