Wladimir Klitschko has insisted that Ukraine will stand firm in the face of the ongoing Russian invasion in spite of the regime's decision to take forceful action in the early hours of Thursday morning. The former heavyweight world champion, who fought the likes of David Haye and Anthony Joshua during his glittering career in boxing, has already signed up for war in order to defend his country from Vladimir Putin's latest military operation. The Russian president outlined his plan to demilitarise Ukraine in a televised speech before troops descended on cities and towns from all directions.Several explosions have been reported from various areas of the country after Russian soldiers crossed the border on Thursday night.Klitschko has shown plenty of defiance when confronted with the topic in recent weeks and has since underlined his firm view on Putin's controversial incursion with a lengthy post on his LinkedIn account.The 45-year-old, who was writing from Kiev, slammed Putin for waging war on Ukraine by accusing him of being motivated by the prospect of re-establishing the former Soviet Union.Klitschko also called on his fellow Ukrainians to avoid backing down in their opposition to Russia's invasion by protesting and making their voices heard. JUST IN: Tyson Fury mocks Dillian Whyte 'mind games' as Gypsy King reacts "The Ukrainian people have chosen democracy, but democracy is a fragile regime," he wrote."Democracy cannot defend itself; it needs the will of the citizens, the commitment of everyone. Basically, there is no democracy without democrats."Here, we will defend ourselves with all our might and fight for freedom and democracy. You can also act. Let not fear seize us; let's not remain frozen."Putin shoots at Ukrainian cities, but he aims at our hearts and, more importantly, at our minds. He wants to create doubt and confusion and thus inaction. "You can do something by mobilising and organising huge demonstrations. Make your voice heard. Make the voice of democracy heard."Klitschko also placed some of the blame at the feet of Western governments after failing to heed Putin's warning signs over the last few years."This war against my country is not only the result of one man's madness, but also the result of years of weakness in Western democracies," added the former boxer."This madness must be stopped now by stepping up deterrents. Our governments need to say things loud and clear. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "If Putin goes ahead with his plan for a change of regime in Kyiv, then democracies around the world must now start thinking about a change of regime in Moscow."Ukraine has already called for international support from Western forces and has imposed a no-fly zone over the entirety of the country's territory.A number of world leaders have condemned Putin's actions by accusing him of breaking international law, with Russia expected to face heavy sanctions as a result of their involvement in the conflict.The UK is said to be supplying Ukraine with short-range anti-tank missiles to aid their efforts in self-defence.