Those who claim the state pension may be able to get Attendance Allowance if they suffer from a serious condition. Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment which is designed to assist recipients with the additional costs that accumulate from having a severe disability. Specifically, the disability must be deemed severe enough to potentially require someone looking after them. However, a change in someone’s circumstances could affect the amount they receive in Attendance Allowance. All changes must be reported to the DWP as soon as possible as they are the Government body in-charge of administering payments. Failure to do so could result in claimants being taken to court or having to pay a financial penalty if they provide any inaccurate information, or withhold any information. The best way people can update the DWP to their circumstance changes is by calling the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  An example of what counts as a circumstance change is if a state pension claimant believes their health condition or disability has noticeably changed. Furthermore, if those on Attendance Allowance need to go to a hospital or care home, they must report this to the DWP. Anyone who leaves the country for more than four weeks or goes to prison must also inform the UK Government department. On top of this, any alterations to someone’s name, address or bank details counts as a change of circumstances.  Finally, if a claimant’s doctor details or immirgration status, if they are not a British citizen, changes, the DWP must be told. Sometimes money has to be repaid to the DWP if an Attendance Allowance recipient does not report a change immediately or gives the wrong information. As a benefit payment, Attendance Allowance is not mean-tested, which means what a claimant receives is not dependent on what they earn or how much they have in savings. It is paid at two different rates - one lower and the other higher - which are awarded depending on the severity of the state pensioner’s disability. The lower rate is £60 a week and is given if the claimant needs “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”, according to the DWP. In comparison, the weekly higher of £89.60 is given to those who need “help or supervision throughout both day and night, or you’re terminally ill”. This means that someone on the highest amount of Attendance Allowance could face losing £358.40 a month if they do not report any changes to the DWP. Claimants may also be eligible for extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction if they claim this benefit payment. Currently, the UK Government is encouraging those who may be eligible for DWP benefits, such as Attendance Allowance and Personal Independence Payment (PIP), to come forward. Chloe Smith, the UK Government’s Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised the importance of those with a disability reaching out to the DWP for financial support. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”