Gousto is known for its healthy, nutritious food boxes that have delicious recipes. Available now, customers can order the new Pasta Pronto range and everything can be made in just 10 minutes. If you’re short on time but want to enjoy a healthy delicious home cooked meal, then Gousto’s newest launch is perfect. The food delivery company has launched a brand new authentic fresh pasta range. The Pasta Pronto range has a wide variety of pasta recipes and dishes that can all be made in just 10 minutes, making it perfect for busy households. According to research from Statistica, Britons now spend 60 percent more on fresh pasta than they did 10 years ago, making pasta one of Britain’s most loved meals. The new range is even easier to cook than other recipes as all pastas come ready made, so all customers need to do is prepare the sauces. Plus, new customers can now get a whopping 65 percent off their first order and 30 percent off their next three boxes that month. To redeem, enter the code ‘GAFFIL6530M’ and order recipes here. The new pasta range means that customers can get dishes from as little as £3.14 per person. All the pasta in Gousto’s new range is hand-rolled and sourced from the oldest filled pasta producer in Province of Vincenza, Italia. Plus, customers can also choose to complement dishes with a bottle of Prosecco to enjoy a full Italian experience. One of the recipe box highlights includes the Truffled Mushroom Cacio e Pepe Ravioli. It’s an indulgent meal that’s veggie friendly and combines rich creamy mushroom sauce with pepper for a truly tasty treat. Super quick and easy to prepare, it’s a definite must-have from the range. Other menu highlights include the Tomato & Bacon Amatriciana Sauce with Tomato & Mozzarella Tortelloni. Families are sure to love this one as it is packed full of delicious, classic flavours and the tomato works beautifully with the crispy bacon lardons. Gousto shoppers can choose to buy one regular box, which feeds two adults or one adult and a maximum of two children, or a large box which feeds four adults or two adults and a maximum of three children. High in nutritional value and with everything pre-measured for you, it’s perfect for making easy meals at home. Order from Gousto here. Here is the full list of recipes from the Pasta Pronto range: