Looking to carry your little one around in new pram or pushchair? Finding the perfect one for newborns and babies can be tricky as there are so many options out there. And with hefty price tags, it’s difficult to find one when you haven’t tested it out. Before you buy one, make sure that the pram you choose is durable, easy to fold and unpack, comfortable for the baby and has features that you’ll find useful. If you’re searching for the perfect pram, here is a guide with all the information and considerations you need to think about before buying. READ MORE: Parenting 101: The 10 best selling child development books on Amazon The best maternity leggings for comfort and support throughout pregnancy Christmas gifts for new mums or expectant parents Pushchairs and prams are slightly different in their functions. Pushchairs can be easily folded up, which is useful if you’re short on space and have more parent-friendly features like a shopping basket. Prams are just for newborn babies and are built for your baby to lie completely flat, which helps their growth and development. The other difference is that in a pram, your baby faces you, while in a pushchair, they can face either way. This will depend on how much space you have at home or in your car. If you have the luxury of space, a large size will be comfy for your baby. Otherwise, choose smaller, foldable options that you can carry on public transport or load in a car boot. There are a couple features that are good to keep in mind. If space is an issue, keep its foldability in mind and also look for a basket to maximise storage. Generally, bigger wheels are better for rougher grounds and solid wheels are the sturdiest. If you want to carry more than one child, it’s useful to see whether it has a single to double option and keep the weight in mind for your transportation. Now that you have more information, keep scrolling to see a round up of the best prams and pushchairs to buy in 2022. Specifications Age range: Birth to 3 years | Wheels: Small | Dimensions: 88 x 56 x 95cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 70 x 56 x 36cm (L , W, H) | Weight: 10.4kg Perfect for carrying your newborn all the way to three years old, the Strada pushchair is versatile to wheel on city roads and can be easily folded up with one hand. It comes with 10 pieces that include the Strada pushchair with sheepskin liner and carrycot, Cloud Z car seat with adaptors and ISOFIX base, matching changing bag, footmuff, parasol and a cup holder to enjoy your beverage. Buy it from Mamas & Papas (£1,379 on sale) Specifications Age range: Newborn | Wheels: Solid and removable | Dimensions: 90 x 54 x 107cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 86 x 54 x 34cm (L , W, H) | Weight: 10kg Light and compact, the Silver Cross Wayfarer is easy to push around and and is lined with naturally anti-bacterial bamboo fabric, making it safe for newborns to lie in. With multifunctional features that include a compact one-piece fold, multi-recline and reversible pushchair seat that can hold toddlers up to 25kg, take it around with you with ease. Buy it on John Lewis & Boots (£980 on sale) Specifications Age range: Birth to four years | Wheels: Solid| Dimensions: 105 x 60 x 88cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 86 x 52 x 34cm (L , W, H) | Weight: 9.9kg Treat your little one to this comfortable Bugaboo Fox 3 pushchair set which can easily glide over rough roads and has breezy panels to offer optimal airflow for extra comfort. Super easy to manoeuvre, take newborns out for bump-free strolls with this pushchair. Buy it on Bugaboo (£1,045) Specifications Age range: 6 months to 4 years | Wheels: Lockable, swivel | Dimensions: 71 x 48.5 x 101cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 34 x 20 x 42cm (L , W, H) | Weight: 5.6kg At just 5.6kg, the GB Gold Pockit+ Pushchair is one of the most lightweight models available and folds to an extremely compact size that will fit in any tight space. With a five-point harness to keep your little one feeling secure, it’s perfect if you’re always travelling out and about. Buy it on Amazon (£209.99) Specifications Age range: Birth to 3 years | Wheels: Lockable, swivel | Dimensions: 101 x 57 x 83cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 76 x 57 x 31cm (L , W, H) | Weight: 6kg If you’re looking for a multifunctional pram and pushchair, this 3-in-1 Moon Travel System also includes a car seat, taking your little one from birth to nursery. Designed with an all-round suspension and lockable front wheel function, it’s comfortable, stylish and is built to last. Buy it on Ickle Bubba (£199 on sale)  Specifications:  Age range: Birth to 9kg | Dimensions: 87 x 42 x 62cm (L, W, H) | Weight: 4.2kg  If you’re looking just for a carrycot, the MIXX carrycot from Nuna which has a plush mattress, ventilated panels and a dream drape for peaceful napping.  It connects easily to the pushchair frame and is both stylish and functional.  Buy it on John Lewis (£153) Specifications Age range: Birth to 4 years | Wheels: Lockable, swivel | Dimensions: 99 x 65.6 x 115cm (L, W, H) | Weight: 14.93kg Converting from a pram to a pushchair easily, this folds and also has a comfortable, newborn liner making it great for your little one’s first journey. Reviews love that it comes with a travel system car seat and that’s designed with safety in mind. Buy it on Amazon (£220) Specifications Age range: Birth to 4 years | Wheels: Lockable, swivel | Folded Dimensions: 30 x 30 x 109cm (L, W, H) | Weight: 7.52kg Handy, compact but sturdy, the Joie Nitro Stoller is lightweight and has a foot operated umbrella fold that makes it flexible and recline fully flat. It’s also convenient to carry around and with a large shopping basket, you can take your newborn shopping with this stroller. Buy it on Argos (£70) Specifications Age range: Newborn to 15kg| Wheels: Lockable, swivel, removable | Dimensions: 100 x 58 x 109 cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 58 x 66 x 95cm (L, W, H) | Weight: 11.8kg Made with an ergonomically designed handle, it’s easy to push your little one around with the Mothercare Journey. It’s compact, easy to store, easy to steer and has a big basket to store all your newborn essentials. Buy it on Boots (£299) Specifications: Age range: Birth to 4 years| Wheels: Lockable, swivel | Dimensions: 84 x 46 x 105 cm (L, W, H) | Weight: 6.4kg Practical from newborn to toddler, this is the best overall stroller as it’s compact, got adjustable calf support and has a comfy padded seat for your little one. Full of functional features like a one-hand drawstring recline, you can find the most comfortable position for your baby without interrupting their sleep. Buy it on Amazon (£145 on sale) Specifications Age range: Birth to 22kg| Wheels: 3 wheeler with 16” front wheel and 18” rear wheel | Dimensions: 92.71 x 69 x 52.07 cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 93.5 x 58 x 33 cm (L, W, H) Weight: 10.8kg Keep fit while looking after your baby with the Thule Glide 2 Jogging Stroller which is designed for runners. Light and aerodynamic, it’s got a hi-performance design with three wheels that will allow you to jog at a smooth pace while your baby is safely secured. Buy it on Halfords (£649.99) Here are a few more things to consider before buying a pizza oven. Generally, prams are for newborns while pushchairs are for toddlers. However, lots of models now are convertible which is great from taking your child up to walking age. Prices can vary significantly but if you’re looking for a high-end convertible model, it can be anywhere around the £1,000 mark. There are also plenty mid-range options priced from £100 to £450. Standalone models tend to be the cheapest bet and you can also find strollers for under £100. When your child is up to walking age and you don’t need to use your pushchair anymore, there are a couple options as to what you could do. You could sell your pushchair online as there is a second-hand market for pushchairs. You can always try giving it away to friends or family and it’s great way to reuse it. If you have no luck with either, you can always contact your local council for recycling options.