 Warning: This story contains major spoilers for Netflix’s Texas Chainsaw Massacre Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the latest in an ever-increasing line of legacy sequel horror movies including 2018’s Halloween and 2022’s Scream. Taking place 50 years after the original 1973 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre by Tobe Hooper, this new instalment brings together a fresh, young cast to find themselves on the wrong end of Leatherface’s tools of destruction. It has been hit with shockingly bad reviews and audiences calling out the film’s ending as one massive plot hole. Lead star Sarah Yarkin has come to its defence, despite the leap in logic needed to explain away its contrivances. At the tail end of the film, Yarkin’s Melody and her sister Lila (played by Elsie Fisher) are the last two survivors of Leatherface’s 80-minute rampage. After frantically crawling through the dead following that infamous bus scene, they meet Sally Hardesty. She is the protagonist of the original film that started it all. Now played by Olwen Fouéré rather than the first film’s Marilyn Burns, who tragically passed away in 2014. Sally is now a hardened Texan sheriff who has been waiting 50 years to get revenge for the horrors she was put through. For the first time, she sees Leatherface again and only has one goal – kill him no matter the cost.    READ MORE:    She gives Melody and Lila a choice, leave town and be haunted by his atrocities for the rest of their days, or face the beast head-on and hopefully triumph. The results for Sally are nothing less than calamitous, as she is chainsawed, picked up and thrown across the town’s main street. Despite this savagery, she somehow manages to survive for a brief moment to give Lila her shotgun, inspiring the young girl to face her demons. Miraculously, after a brutal brawl in the town’s old cinema, the sisters actually come out on top. After firing several rounds of ammo into the psychopath, Melody smacks him over the head with his chainsaw, plunging him into a pool of water. Sinking into its depths, his death is seemingly secured as the girls celebrate and get into their self-driving car. But then, with absolutely no warning, Leatherface confronts them, grabs Melody and before it can be registered, her head has been separated from her body. It’s a shocking twist, but one that makes little sense upon inspection.    DON'T MISS...Nerdle is a new maths-based Wordle clone: How to play the daily puzzle [INSIGHT]Studio 666: Dave Grohl at first thought his film was 'stupid' [EXPLAINER]Tom Holland’s Uncharted gets surprising sequel news from Sony [INSIGHT]  That doesn’t matter for Yarkin though, as the star loved the shocking final 10 seconds. In an interview with CinemaBlend, she says: "I think my death is the best part of the movie. So, of course, I was disappointed when I read the script and learned my fate. But I think it's a much better movie that I die, because it's shocking. I mean, it happens in the last, like, 10 seconds in the movie. It was shocking to me, and I knew I died when I was watching it. So no, I don't wish I lived. I love it." She joked: “I did get to see a corpse version of my head. One of the first things we did when I got to Bulgaria was they did a whole body and face mask of me to recreate my head."     As this ending takes place in the canon of the original film, it would put Leatherface at 70 years old at least. Far from being retired, he is still hacking teenagers to pieces with complete ease. The new film has seemingly made him supernatural too, as it is the only explanation for how he survived the final fight. Several shotgun blasts were driven into him and even if he wasn't dead when he fell into the water, he surely would have drowned moments after. It appears he has joined Michael Myers, Chucky, Freddy Kruger and countless other horror classics in the ranks of the super-human. Leatherface has become an icon and it seems he will endure long past his sell-by date. Texas Chainsaw Massacre is available to watch on Netflix now.