In the last fortnight, the UK was hammered by no less than four named storms, which brought disruption and chaos for residents. Gales in excess of 90mph, heavy snow showers and lightning all wreaked havoc across the British Isles and while no named weather systems are anticipated for the coming week it will still be largely wet and overcast for most places. Express.co.uk spoke to the Met Office to find out what's in store over the next week. As we sign off for February spells of rain are forecast to move across many southern and central areas today. The Met Office said this will be “more widespread across much of England and Wales”, while “heavy” downpours will affect western areas. A spokesman for the forecaster told Express.co.uk that we might get between "30 and 40mm" throughout the day, in "Wales particularly". READ MORE: Putin’s cyber army are taking aim at British computers  He added: "The rain will hang around in southeast England for much of the day. So, although you won’t get the quantities we’ll see further west, it’ll be damp." WXCharts are predicting between three and five millimetres per hour to be felt within Plymouth and the surrounding towns. Consequently, the Environment Agency has imposed a mixture of flood warnings and alerts across England. Two flood warnings are in place along the River Severn, while seven flood alerts are in position across the southwest.  In comparison, the southeast can look forward to drier spells with occasional periods of sunshine. Scotland and Northern Ireland meanwhile will see bright intervals and showers, with winds gradually easing. Looking ahead for the remainder of this week the Met Office spokesman said: "There will be interrupted periods of rain and brighter periods. DON'T MISS: Road ripped apart in scenes 'like an earthquake' [EXPLAINED]London emergency: Waterloo and Westminster Bridge evacuated [NEWS]Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale [INSIGHT]  "So, alternating for the next few days. Standard early March conditions. Bit of hill fog - particularly in the north tonight. "Tomorrow [Tuesday] is going to be largely dry for most people. It’s only in the southeast really where the cloud and rain will linger, while other places can expect quite clear intervals with showers." On Tuesday southeast parts of England will start off “dull and drizzly”, with rain likely to move further south as the day progresses. Northern regions will see showers ease in their intensity which will be followed by more frequent spells of sunshine breaking through.  By the time we reach Wednesday morning conditions are expected to be clear across northern parts of the UK. However, the same can’t be said for southern areas of England and Wales which will wake up to between 0.6 and 1.5mm/hr of rainfall. Conditions are forecast to clear up as the day progresses before further rain showers set in overnight into Thursday morning. Thursday will be a largely overcast day for most parts of the UK, although western areas of the UK- particularly in Wales - will experience rain showers from midday until we enter Friday morning. These will range between 2.5 and 3.5mm/hr in places such as Aberystwyth. As we approach the end of the week Friday is expected to be “brighter” and drier for most of the UK. Between midnight and 6am light rain showers will linger for northern regions, including Manchester and Liverpool. But, these will have cleared by midday, before we head into the weekend. 