Visceral fat is the dangerous type of fat which lies deep within a person’s body near vital organs. Visceral fat can cause some real health complications. These fat cells do more than just increase the notch on your belt - they can change some of your body’s vital functions. For instance, visceral fat tissue acts like an organ itself, releasing hormones and inflammatory chemicals called cytokine which increase the risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes or Alzheimer’s disease. Drinking dandelion tea may aid weight loss in many ways. The dandelion root is said to increase liver function, which flushes toxins and excess water from the belly area. Experts believe the potassium in dandelion can act as a diuretic and increase daily urine output. This leads to a decrease in water weight, which may be helpful if you’re feeling bloated or retaining water for some reason. Additionally, dandelion tea is low in calories just like most other herbal teas. This makes the herbal tea an excellent choice for those on a diet. One Korean study published in the National Library of Health looked at dandelions effect on fat digestion and absorption. The study looked at the inhibitory activities of dandelion against pancreatic lipase in vitro and in vivo were measured to determine its possible use as a natural anti-obesity agent. Pancreatic lipase is the key enzyme for dietary fat digestion, and inhibition of the enzyme could be an effective way to alter fat absorption. Plasma triglyceride levels were measured at 0, 90, 180, and 240 min after treatment and incremental areas under the response curves (AUC) were calculated. Further tests investigating the effects of dandelion extract in mice revealed similar results, leading to calls for further research on the possible anti-obesity effects of the plant. The inhibiting effects have been attributed to the drink’s polyphenols, which block the activity of an enzyme needed to break down during digestion. This could prevent up to 25 percent of fat consumed from being absorbed. Wash thoroughly your dandelion roots Chop them into small pieces Arrange the finely chopped dandelion root pieces onto an oven tray and roast them on high temperature for about 2 hours, ensuring that the roots are brown and dried right through Keep one to two teaspoons of roasted dandelion roots in hot water for 10-15 minutes Strain the dandelion coffee into a saucepan and enjoy. Other health benefits of dandelion include: