Online shoppers are often at risk of falling victim to scams, particularly through fraudulent emails. A warning has been issued to Amazon shoppers in the wake of a substantial number of reports relating to a scam which aims to trick consumers into revealing their bank details. Because Amazon frequently sends out emails to its customers, many people have been caught out as they assumed an email from an address claiming to be Amazon was legitimate. The scam emails may be difficult to distinguish from a genuine one, and this potentially puts people at risk of divulging their personal information to fraudsters. Action Fraud issued a warning after a slew of reports relating to fake emails were received in just a week. The warning read: "Action Fraud has received over 2,000 reports in one week about fake emails purporting to be from Amazon. READ MORE: £150 council tax rebate available from April - check now if you can claim "The emails claim the recipient's Amazon account has been ‘locked’ and that they need to complete an ‘identity verification’ process in order to unlock it. "The links in the emails lead to genuine-looking phishing websites that are designed to steal Amazon login credentials, as well as personal and financial information.” Action Fraud also advised people that their bank, or any other official organisation will not ask them to share personal information over email or text. The warning continued: "If you need to check that it's a genuine message, contact them directly. DON'T MISSPension alert as Britons urged to claim 'free Government cash' before deadline passes [ALERT]‘Very useful!’ Britons urged to trace lost pensions and recover thousands [INSIGHT]New state pension guide could explain exactly why you are getting less than you expected [GUIDE] “Spotted a suspicious email? Forward it to the Suspicious Email Reporting Service (SERS) - report@phishing.gov.uk." Given the potential for Britons to fall victim to this kind of fraud, it is vital people can tell the difference between a scam email and a genuine one. With this in mind, Amazon has issued some advice to their customers via their website to help them spot and avoid a scam email. It read: “Spoof or phishing emails are fraudulent emails attempting to get your personal information. “They are generally made to look like they are coming from Amazon.” Amazon advised that if someone receives an email claiming to be from them, the following information could give away if it is a scam email: “Amazon will never ask for personal information to be supplied by email. “Amazon will never request to update payment information that is not linked to an Amazon order you placed or an Amazon service you subscribed to.” Amazon e-mails will always come from an address that ends with @amazon.co.uk. For example, this could show up as shipment-tracking@amazon.co.uk, auto-confirm@amazon.co.uk or no-reply@amazon.co.uk. Amazon also said that for any purchase from another Amazon international website, the email domain will reflect the country you are purchasing from. For example, Amazon.de will have all communication coming from @amazon.de.