Her Majesty, 95, has been under observation while self-isolating at Windsor Castle since last Sunday when she tested positive for the virus. She is reportedly feeling better just days after she was forced to cancel virtual engagements because her voice was a “little croaky” and “understandably still sounds full of cold”. A source said: “The Queen is still a little bit under the weather but is now well on the road to recovery, and the family are confident she will make a full recovery. “However, obviously, no one is being complacent and she is being constantly monitored.” Buckingham Palace said it would not give “a running commentary” on the health of Elizabeth II, who celebrated her 70th anniversary on the throne earlier this month. The monarch, who is triple jabbed, postponed virtual engagements on Tuesday after feeling unwell but had a telephone call with Boris Johnson on Wednesday. The Head of State holds an audience with Mr Johnson most Wednesdays, either in person or by phone, and has been holding one or two remote diplomatic audiences a week with ambassadors. Royal aides on Sunday said the Queen was suffering from “mild cold-like” symptoms and would continue with “light duties”. A number of Palace staff who work and care for the Queen are understood to have been hit by the virus in the past few days. During the first year of the pandemic, a bubble was set up around her and Prince Philip so that only an inner circle of staff isolating from their own families and friends were with them. That was dismantled after the vaccine rollout but protocols remained under which anyone going into the castle to work or to meet the Queen is required to undertake regular lateral flow tests. Prince Charles, 73, and Camilla, 74, self isolated earlier this month after testing positive for Covid-19.The Queen has been on doctors’ orders to rest since mid-October. But there are several major events next month that the Palace said she “hopes to attend”. She is scheduled to host a diplomatic reception on Wednesday, where she’ll meet hundreds of members of the Diplomatic Corps at Windsor. On March 14 she is expected to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey. On March 29 there is a remembrance service at the Abbey for Philip, who died last April aged 99. Public celebrations of her jubilee are scheduled from June 2 to 5, including a military parade and street parties.