Heathrow Airport is just one of many airports experiencing issues due to Storm Franklin. While Manchester Airport is unable to land planes due to high-speed winds, those arriving at Terminal 5 at the UK’s largest airport are waiting hours - if not a whole day - to claim their luggage. Travellers have taken to social media to criticise British Airways after being left waiting for hours to collect their baggage. Thousands of passengers arriving in London yesterday were forced to wait in the baggage reclaim area of the airport hoping to collect their luggage, but it never arrived. Instead, BA asked passengers to fill out an online form to track their bags - but many have reported the system doesn’t work. READ MORE: Storm Franklin LIVE: Commuters told 'avoid travel'  Rachel K tweeted British Airways directly and said: “@British_Airways it’s been 24 hours and I’ve not had any updates on my ‘delayed’ and now missing suitcase. Can’t even fill out the form online as apparently I wasn’t on a flight with delayed baggage. Even drove back to Heathrow to see if I could collect it myself. No luck!” Brett Pemberton did the same: “@British_Airways hi guys, arrived back at Heathrow T5 yesterday, a bit of baggage chaos and we had to leave empty-handed, i tried to complete your online form without any success, we ended up filling out a yellow form, can you advise me of the next step ? Thanks Brett.” Ben Dalton also wondered where his luggage was: “Hi @British_Airways - I landed at Heathrow yesterday on the delayed BA0995 from Berlin. Told to go home as luggage wouldn't be arriving. Filed missing baggage report immediately; now 24+ hrs later and no news/communication. Phone lines down. What now? & yes I've already DMd you.” DON'T MISS... Weight loss tips: 5 carbs you can eat on a diet and still lose weight [EXPERT]‘Secret cruise code language’ used in emergencies by crew [INSIDER]Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims [COMMENT]  Sarah Lalani video the hundreds of suitcases that had been left unattended in Terminal 5. “@HeathrowAirport complete carnage at baggage reclaim in T5. Still awaiting luggage. #Heathrow #baggageclaim #terminal5 #britishairways.” British Airways posted updates on their official Twitter account. “If you have arrived recently @HeathrowAirport & are waiting for a bag, you may need to wait a little longer than normal and we apologise. If you have already gone home or cannot wait, then we will courier your bag to you. Please go to http://ba.com/helpme for more details.” They then followed up with: “We apologise to customers who are facing disruption as a result of storms in the UK and across Europe this week. Please rest assured we’ll do everything we can to help.” As for anyone experiencing issues with the online forms, they asked customers to contact them directly. The tweet read: “Our teams at Heathrow at working hard to reunite all our customers with their bags, and sorting through the bags you refer to. Can you send us a DM with your baggage reference claim so we can look into it for you please?” Heathrow Airport also got involved and tweeted: “Hi there, we're aware that there have been delays with baggage this evening. Baggage handlers are working hard to get bags delivered to passengers as soon as possible. Your airline may be able to provide an update in the meantime.” This comes after British Airways cancelled hundreds of flights on Friday. 130 flights didn’t take off at London Heathrow and City airports. The storm is said to pass by this afternoon so hopefully schedules resume.