The Walking Dead is reaching its end as the second part of season 11 begins to air on AMC in America and Disney+ in the UK. So has Negan actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan left for good? Here's everything there is to know about his future in The Walking Dead. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Walking Dead.Negan (played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie (Lauren Cohan) have been rivals since season seven when he murdered Glenn (Steven Yeun) with Lucille. She has never been able to forgive him, despite all that he has done since to help the Alexandrians. He played an important role in Maggie's mission for food supplies and helping the group survive after defeating the Reapers and taking their food. But it was in the latest episode that Negan decided that he needed to go at it alone. READ MORE: EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? After watching Maggie's anger unleashed on Leah (Lynn Collins) and her men, he sees that she has the fury to take a life that could potentially be his own. When she was at risk of falling off a train and into the arms of walkers in the first part of series 11, he ignored Maggie's need for help as she is a threat to him. So as they reach their objective, Negan states that he would be parting ways with the Alexandrians as they wouldn't be able to co-exist together. He doesn't elaborate on what he will do or where he will be going so Negan is last seen venturing into the woods by himself. As of yet, there has been no official statement from AMC or actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan regarding Negan's exit. Typically, when a main character leaves a show, the star and or network says something regarding their time spent in the drama. But so far, there has been radio silence which does indicate that this isn't the end. According to The Cinemaholic as well, Morgan was part of the cast filming for the final two episodes of The Walking Dead in February 2021. DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION]Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEORY]The Walking Dead fans in tears over tribute to Stephen Campbell  [TRIBUTE] Therefore, Negan's story has not finished with the ninth episode of season 11. There will be more of him to come but exactly when he will show up again is still unclear. The Walking Dead may feature a storyline about his own individual journey when it returns for the next episode. Even if Negan is missing from some instalments, it is believed he will be returning before the show reaches its final conclusion. Previously there have been rumours of a Negan spin-off with the actor adding fuel to the fire. Talking to TV Line, Morgan said: "There've been things discussed with me and network people. "We'll see. I mean, Negan could still find his way six feet under [before season 11 concludes], so that could be a problem unless it's a prequel. "I do love Negan. There's an amazing opportunity to dive a lot deeper into this man who I think has become very interesting the last few years. "I'm certainly not opposed to keeping him alive for a bit longer and finding out more about him." The Walking Dead season 11B continues every Sunday on AMC in America and on Disney+ every Monday in the UK.