While lawn mowing season is just weeks away, it’s crucial to hold back from the temptation to cut your grass before spring arrives. Not only is the season all wrong, but the harsh winds and intermittent rainfall could leave your lawn looking far from luscious in the aftermath of Storm Eunice. Letting nature take its course in the final weeks of February will encourage healthy growth as the weather warms up and this is why. Whether you've been hit with heavy rainfall or the early signs of snow, cutting wet grass should always be avoided. Not only will your lawn mower take a hit from the surface water, but the overall finish could be far from ideal. Francis Rose, landscaping and Gardening Services said: “Grass cuts less cleanly when it’s wet, and that means your grass clippings are more likely to clump together. “In fact, you could wind up with a clogged mower deck if you’re not careful.” READ MORE: The £1 beauty item that could 'transform' stainless steel sinks Using a mower on wet blades of grass will leave uneven patches and varying heights throughout your lawn. Bendy grass is a key sign that your lawn should be left untouched, so hold off until the blades appear more upright. You don’t need to wait for the moisture to dry out completely, but you should hold off until your flattened lawn perks up to its usual state. If you do decide to mow a damp lawn, take a slow and cautious approach to avoid clogging up the deck with clippings. Fallen branches, leaves and other unusual debris is not uncommon after a blustering storm - and it seems that most of the UK will soon have to face up to a cluttered lawn. While cutting the grass might seem like a quick way to tidy up your garden, you could run into some serious issues. Surface debris will quickly clog up your mower and even worse, could overheat in the process. Instead, take away any clutter using a rake and separate organic matter into a compost heap while disposing of any unwanted rubbish. Wait until your lawn is completely clear before attempting to cut it. DON'T MISS:Gardening: Expert explains how to 'completely' remove weeds [INSIGHT]'Abundant harvest': Companion flowers for vegetables to deter pests [ANALYSIS]Gardening: Kettle trick to ‘kickstart’ seeds into growing [REVEAL] Mowing a muddy lawn could damage the soil Waterlogged grass can leave muddy, swamp-like patches all over the lawn. While this uneven aesthetic of mud patches and overgrown blades can be mowed to one level, it should always be avoided to prevent long-term damage. Damaging the lawn while it is still in its dormant period could damage the soil and prevent healthy regrowth through the warmer seasons. Protect your turf and soil by leaving your grass to dry out after a heavy storm - you will thank yourself for it in the long run.