Sophie Skelton is best known as time-traveller Brianna Fraser in the hit Starz drama, set to return for its sixth season on Sunday this week. Outlander has been off screens for two years due to the effects of Covid, and Sophie’s co-stars revealed the pandemic production brought up some unexpected side effects. Outlander star Sophie was known as ‘Snotty Bree’ during filming for the long-awaited sixth season. The upcoming premiere finds Brianna and her husband Roger (Richard Rankin) still struggling to adjust to life in the 18th Century after failing to return home. Meanwhile, Claire (Caitriona Balfe) and Jamie (Sam Heughan) prepare for the encroaching Revolution whilst dealing with a challenging new arrival to Fraser’s Ridge. Coming back to Starz after a lengthy period of ‘Droughtlander’, Outlander’s truncated season and strict health and safety rules weren’t the only challenges to hit the set of season six. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch Chatting to hundreds of fans at the Outlander world premiere, Sophie admitted she found testing for Covid before filming every day rather difficult. She recalled: “From a selfish point of view, getting a cotton bud up your nose and down your throat at 5am every morning wasn’t the most fun thing.” Filming for the sixth season occurred when strict testing mandates were still in place, so the entire cast had to ensure they were Covid-free before getting started each morning. Unfortunately for Sophie, this exacerbated an issue she’s had on set since she originally joined the series for the second season. Sophie continued: “We actually have this running joke from the first scene Sam and I ever shot together, which is where Jamie and [Bree] meet each other. “Sam discovered that when I cry I leak from my nostrils…” Sam cut in and added: “Oh, she’s very leaky, yes.” “So, he calls my Snotty Bree on set anyway,” Sophie admitted. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 19: Deadly weapon leaves team’s life in danger [INSIGHT]Manifest season 4: Major death confirmed by showrunner clue [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead boss details scrapped Maggie storyline [INTERVIEW] “And then when you’re having Covid tests all the time, you’re sneezing and it makes your nose and eyes run. So, I was Snotty Bree every day for, like, five months.” Teasing his other co-star, Sam joked: “I think it runs in the family, though, doesn’t it?” Sophie laughed and agreed: “I think it does. Caitriona and I leak from the same holes!” Her comments may have inadvertently confirmed Brianna will be doing plenty of crying this season, though new seasons of Outlander are always an emotional rollercoaster. Despite the slight hygiene issues, Outlander was one of the first major dramas to restart its production schedule once restrictions started to ease off last year. “Films were shutting down left, right and centre,” Sophie added. “So the fact that we made it through a whole season was incredible.” Plus, the period drama has already been renewed for an extended seventh season by Starz, which hopefully won’t run into quite as many Covid-related issues when filming resumes in Scotland. Outlander season 6 premieres Sunday, March 6 on Starz in the USA and Starz Play in the UK.