Musical legend Madonna has certainly never been the shy and retiring type during her career. However, her latest photoshoots, in which the 63-year-old shares her feelings for her 27-year-old beau, have attracted very mixed opinions. @jfjenjen hit back cattily: "Most definitely not Madonna that's for sure." However, @leonalefarley had some strong words in defence of his idol, arguing: "Some weirdos posting on here. If you don’t like her photos, don’t follow these pages. "The fact that people are taking time out of their lives to post nasty messages paint themselves as far worse people than a celebrity using Photoshop." Meanwhile, @madgeluv praised that she was now sporting unadorned teeth in her photos, writing: "FINALLY I SEE YOUR TEETH WITHOUT THOSE GRILLZ I DID NOT SEE THEM FOR YEARS THEY LOOK BEAUTIFUL." In another string of photos, Madonna posed in a black parka, pink Croc-style shoes and black leather fingerless gloves, while clutching a glass of champagne. She also showed a photo of a camcorder rolling while a movie poster advertising Lolita was visible in the background. "Tryin to Make a Movie…………….It’s Really Hard!" she captioned the series. However, she quickly added: "Wouldn’t Have it Any Other Way!" Meanwhile another photo of Madonna on her page, clad in fishnet tights and PVC and with her legs spread wide apart, with an accompanying Bible quote, caused one follower, @Nonny1982, to joke: "Just a simple girl lounging on a Saturday afternoon!" A Givenchy-clad Madonna had written: "For Ye Suffer Fools Gladly Seeing Ye Yourselves Are Wise……………… 2 Corinthians 11:19", but @adamzzz_cassandra hit back, simply replying: "I'll pass!" In another snap, appearing to reference her relationship with 27-year-old boyfriend Ahlamalik Williams, she wrote that she was "a fool for love". "Casual doesn't work for me. I'm tryna merge souls, die from the intensity of the love, then come back as gods, you know?" she wrote of her passions. While followers from around the globe argue over whether she is projecting youthful perfection, the raunchy and controversial aspects of Madonna's posts are unlikely to fizzle out any time soon. This year, she has fought back publicly against the "ageist" comments made by celebrities such as 50 Cent and Nelly, and has waged war with social media sites for censoring her sexualised content. In a recent comment made about the issue, she argued: "I'm reposting photographs Instagram took down without warning or notification….. "The reason they gave my management that does not handle my account was that a small portion of my nipple was exposed. "It is still astounding to me that we live in a culture that allows every inch of a woman’s body to be shown except a nipple."