Paul O’Grady has been replaced by a new host at the discretion of the BBC. The host, 66, has been replaced with comedian Rob Beckett, 36, who will take over Paul's Sunday evening slot which runs from 5-7 pm. While Rob has taken to social media to gush over his new role, fans of the Lily Savage star have shared their anger towards the decision and have urged Paul to make a return   It didn't take long for Radio 2 listeners to flood social media with their thoughts on Paul being replaced by Rob. On Twitter, Nicky Herring said: "Sorry but you cannot replace Paul O’Grady and Malcom. “We found your voice irritating and your overzealous persona over the top. Stick with stand up or game shows. Radio is not for you. (sic) “What is wrong with you BBC, listen to you audience for once. Don’t loose another great DJ!" Sandra Powell stressed: “I won’t be listening now that Paul O’Grady has gone - did you not learn when Simon Mayo was replaced? READ MORE:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set   “Will find another radio station now.” Lydia Taylor snapped: “What are you playing at? I'm a huge Paul o'Grady fan and always listened while I cooked the Sunday meal. It as awful without him, so I switched.” Paul Woods concurred: "I agree. Keep Paul O’Grady on the schedule. “The new programme is just the same old recipe of chippy DJ having predictable & tedious chats with members of the public. SSDD." Les Fry stated: "What a load of c**p you really are getting rid of Paul O’Grady bring him back. Will switch off till May #bringhimback." (sic)    In a statement on Instagram, Paul shared a photo with his beloved Sausage dog as he got ready to host his final Radio 2 show in a while. In the post, he wrote: “I’m doing my best to look benign but Sausage has just spotted Nancy dragging a tea towel down the hall and as you can see she wants a bit of the action. “It’s my last Radio 2 Sunday show for quite some time, our listening figures have shot up so a great big thank you to everyone who listens. 'While I’m on the subject I’d also like to thank my producer (sounds very grand) Malcolm Prince who is one of the best in the business and hasn’t cracked once in the 14 years we’ve been on air.”   Speaking about his temporary switch-up, Paul confessed the decision was out of his hands, pointing the finger at BBC bosses. “There’s a new regime now, I do 13 weeks on and then 13 off which is nothing to do with me as it’s a management decision,” he explained. A spokesperson for the BBC told MailOnline: "Paul’s a brilliant presenter and very much remains part of the Radio 2 family. “Rather than have a range of deputies host the show throughout the year, we’ll now have Rob Beckett on Sunday afternoons with his own series, alternating with Paul’s.”  Since facing criticism, the BBC has declined to give out the current listening figures for the show. However, for Rob, he was thrilled to make his Radio 2 debut and took to social media to share his excitement saying: “My first @BBCRadio2 show done and dusted. “Absolutely loved it. Big thank you to the callers and the lovely messages. “See ya next Sunday. 5pm-7pm,” he told listeners. Rob Beckett's show airs Sunday on BBC Radio 2 from 5pm. 