No, Chancellor, we do not want to get used to higher prices because our Government is not adequately exploiting the resources beneath our feet. Electricity costs in the US are half what they are in the UK. Something is profoundly wrong and it is years of underinvestment in our energy supplies. Even the EU sees natural gas as an appropriate stepping stone towards Net-Zero, while French fuel prices have gone up by only four percent compared with 54 percent in the Uk. The cost of household electricity in energy exporter Qatar is 0.03 dollars per kilowatt hour (kwh), nearly a tenth of the Uk’s 0.26 dollars per kwh, proof that exploiting your nature-given energy resources saves money for customers. Germany has the highest electricity cost at 0.36 dollars per kwh, thanks largely to shutting down its nuclear reactors to appease Green campaigners. It is good news then to hear that, as Russian leader Vladimir Putin tightens his grip on energy coming into Europe, Mr Sunak has approved six new North Sea oil and gas fields this year. Telling Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng to fast-track the licences puts him on a collision course with Boris Johnson and his Net-Zero agenda, but it is a necessary and wise move to improve our energy security and lower household bills. In an age of energy insecurity, the PM’s rush towards Net-Zero is an act of national self-harm. There is no virtue in being the first nation to rush over the cliff-edge into a carbon-free nirvana. UK manufacturing needs cheaper energy to get a price advantage over its global competitors. At COP26, China and India made it clear they are in no mood to make their own export products more expensive by cutting carbon emissions, so why should we? Levelling up means unleashing the regional jobs that come with exploiting the natural gas and oil we are blessed with and using it to provide cheaper power for factories employing high-wage skilled workers. It’s how Britain got rich in the Industrial Revolution and that is the model being adopted by developing nations worldwide. It makes no sense either to import the kind of carbon energy we are rich in ‑ generating many more emissions in countries with less rigorous environmental rules and adding to the pollution produced by long-range transport networks. The mantra of this Government should be more home-grown products and that can only be achieved by cutting energy costs and drilling beneath our land and seas. Increased productivity will provide the national income that can allow Boris to return to Conservative values and cut taxes for hard-pressed families.  “Kwasi is actively resisting insane calls from Labour and the eco lobby to turn off Uk production,” said a Whitehall source yesterday. “Doing so would trash energy security, kill off 200,000 jobs, and we would only end up importing more from foreign countries with dubious records.” Predictably, Labour is calling for a windfall tax on the £12billion profits made by BP last year. But the UK oil and gas industry has already paid £375billion in production taxes, with North Sea companies subject to headline rates twice that paid by other businesses. The high expense of decommissioning oil rigs is a cost put against tax. Plus, BP and Shell are investing billions in exploring low-carbon energy sources. Going green comes at a high price and it is right this should be paid for by energy companies making the most of high international prices.  Now it is vital the Chancellor stands up to Mr Johnson's expensive Net-Zero enthusiasm as the costs are starting to hit households hard, with higher energy bills adding to inflation and a cost-of-living crisis. If not, the Tories will suffer in May’s local elections and Boris will be ejected by his own MPs, a self-inflicted wound that will only give comfort to Labour and its “insane calls” for a faster transition to Net-Zero. It is up to Mr Sunak to inject some sanity back in to the Government and its plans to make us all better off. Cutting the green levies on energy would be another step towards this aim, saving us all £150 on our average bills, nearly a quarter of the expected hike of £693 this year.