Brian Jones would have been 80 years old today. The Rolling Stones guitarist was found dead in his swimming pool on July 3, 1969, and decades of conspiracy theories followed. He was first found by his girlfriend, model Anna Wohlin, who was 21 at the time. The cause of his death was catalogued as “misadventure” according to the coroner, with alcohol and drugs blamed for his end. But she and his daughter, Barbara Marion, believe he suffered a more brutal fate. On the night Jones died, four guests were present in his home: Wohlin, Marion and Jones’ manager Tom Keylock. Also present was builder Frank Thorogood, who died in 1993, a figure that has been at the centre of many theories.  In 2018, Marion spoke with Sky News admitted that Jones’ death was “a bit of a mystery”.  She explained: “I think he was murdered and I think the police did not investigate it the way they should have. I would love to have them reopen [the case] and to get some answers.” READ MORE: This rare PlayStation 1 game is now worth over £10,000 Marion came to this conclusion based on her own research. It should be noted that Marion didn’t know Jones was her father until 2002 but has remained loyal ever since.  She's not alone in questioning the official sequence of events though, as, in 2013, Wohlin sat down with the Mirror to discuss that night. She revealed: “Brian is still portrayed as a bitter, worn-out and depressed man who was fired because of his drug habit … and who died because he was drunk or high. But my Brian was a wonderful, charismatic man who was happier than ever, had given up drugs and was looking forward to pursuing the musical career he wanted.”  However, she claimed that Thorogood was responsible, added: “I don’t know if Frank meant to kill Brian – maybe it was horseplay in the pool that went wrong. But I knew all along he did not die a natural death. I’m still sure of it.” Back in 2019, the documentary Rolling Stones: Life and Death of Brian Jones was released bringing new evidence into the mix.  Tom Keylock, said: “What people don’t know is that very strong hash cakes were made. That’s why they were all stoned and they didn’t know what day it was.” He added: “Janet told me she didn’t remember anything, as she was out of her head. They all were. I was the only one who wasn’t stoned.”  He also claimed that the investigation into Jones’ death was the subject of a police coverup. DON'T MISS...Christopher Plummer lifted lid on surprise Sound of Music secret [INSIGHT]'Michael Jackson was nothing like Prince!' Legendary musician compares [EXPLAINER]Andrea Bocelli’s son Matteo Bocelli releases new single Dime – WATCH [INSIGHT] Keylock continued: “I think the police wanted to make a manslaughter charge, but they were told to forget it. The only one who could possibly have been charged was Frank Thorogood because he was the only one in the pool. But the police said ‘Just forget it’. The orders came from the very top not to pursue it anymore, and it never was pursued after that.”  The reasoning behind Thorogood’s alleged actions was a dispute over money. Jones paid him £18,000 for work done on his home, Cotchford Farm in Sussex. That is the equivalent of £290,000 in today’s money. The alleged dispute arose over Thorogood wanting an additional £6000 (£67,000) for the work.  In 2009, investigative journalist Scott Jones got Sussex police to reopen the investigation following new evidence being discovered. However, the report didn’t find the details substantial enough to warrant more time on it.  The Sussex police said: “There is no new evidence to suggest that the coroner’s original verdict of ‘death by misadventure is incorrect.” SOURCE / SOURCE