Kelvin Fletcher, 38, his wife Liz Marsland and their two children moved onto a farm during the first coronavirus lockdown after he quit acting. Their new BBC show, Kelvin Fletcher's Big Farming Adventure has been a massive hit, with his wife Liz reacting in a new interview to being compared to Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen. The former soap actor was followed by BBC cameras during his first few months working the land as he got to grips with his new career, with the six part series airing on TV at the moment. Kelvin and his family can be seen learning how to shear sheep, drive a tractor and tend to the land on their farm near the Peak District. He and Liz spoke about the show with Kate Thornton on her podcast White Wine Question Time: Kelvin Fletcher & Liz Marsland. In the episode, released last Friday, Kate said: "I tell you what else I've noticed that's happened. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death "Liz, tell me if you've felt the vibes, but I mentioned to a couple of people this week that we were chatting. "Obviously, people are able to follow your adventures on BBC every week with the show. "Men started swooning, a bit like they did with Amanda the Shepherd. She continued: "There was a lot of 'oh my god that Liz, she's amazing.'" Liz can be heard in hysterics at the comparison, as she remarked: "Is there?" Kate replied: "It's like you're a country pillar." Liz, shocked still giggling, said: "I haven't seen it." Kate continued: "Maybe it's because you live in the middle of nowhere surrounded by sheep." DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [OPINION] Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle [DEATH] Rob Brydon shares stark warning that forced him to turn down roles [COMMENT] Liz, talking to her husband, said: "Kelvin, you better watch out. "I mean I will take it. I'm not feeling the sexiest right now, so I will take it." Amanda stars on Channel 5's favourite Our Yorkshire Farm with her husband Clive and nine children at Ravenseat Farm. Liz is currently pregnant with twins, as she shared the baby news with Sally Nugent and Dan Walker on BBC Breakfast in January. Sally remarked: "You were already quite busy before you took on a farm!" Kelvin replied: "We just recently found out, to add another curveball if you like. "We don't really do things by halves and then we found out we're having not just one baby, but two!" Kelvin married fellow actor Liz in 2015, having first met as children, and then reuniting around a decade ago.