Customers of the building society have reported problems when it comes to making payments and transferring funds. The issue was noticed by website DownDetector and has since been picked up by many customers, who have voiced their anger and concern on social media. As a result of this issue, some people have been unable to get their salary wages or pay vital bills. On Twitter, one customer asked: “Hi, is there a problem with online money transfer into Nationwide bank accounts? My payment hasn’t arrived this morning.” Another user named Spiritual explained: “It's been three hours still no money into my account. “I have three children and I couldn't get them bus passes for school. I can't top up my electric or gas or can't get us our food. “This isn't on. We should all be compensated for this absolute mess. I have no money.” READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim In response, the building society said: “We're sorry, due to a technical issue some incoming and outgoing payments are delayed at the moment. “If you’ve made a Faster payment, there's no need to resend it. Standing orders, Direct Debits & cards are working normally.” Nationwide also linked to its service status webpage, which allows customers to monitor any disruptions to the financial institution’s services. The building society added: “We're working hard to resolve this issue and apologise for any inconvenience caused. DON'T MISS  “No member will be left out of pocket as a result of this issue and all associated Nationwide fees and charges will be refunded. All other services are working normally.” Customers originally started noticing and reporting the latest online banking outage at around 4am this morning. As the error has come at the very end of the month, many are concerned about their inability to make crucial payments. However, Nationwide has confirmed that other services are still available with customers still being able to use cards to make payments and withdraw money from cash machines. On top of this, customers are still able to access and view their balance via internet and mobile banking. This is not the first time a similar online banking outage has impacted Nationwide’s operations and customer experience. On the last day of 2022, the building society suffered a similar issue which upset many of its long-time customers. At the time, Nationwide confirmed that payments which were due to arrive in bank accounts overnight were to be delayed. Another outage happened on December 21, 2021, which resulted in problems for some customers in the lead-up to Christmas. Many Nationwide customers were angry over the building society’s failure to secure secure online banking during a time many were buying Christmas presents. Some 57 percent of the building society’s customers had issues transferring funds using online banking, according to DownDetector. Furthermore, 21 percent could not get into mobile banking, while 22 percent couldn't use online banking services.