Those of state pension age who get Attendance Allowance have a legal obligation to report any noticeable changes in circumstances to the Government department. This is due to a person’s circumstances potentially affecting how much they can receive in the DWP benefit. While it is not means-tested, how much someone claims in Attendance Allowance depends on a variety of factors which are weighed up by the DWP. This particular benefit payment is designed to assist with the extra costs someone has from having a severe disability. Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates which are awarded to pensioners depending on the severity of their condition. Someone could get either £89.60 or £60 a week as a financial boost to assist with personal support if they have either a physical or mental disability and are of the state pension age - which is currently 66. A claimant receiving the highest possible rate of Attendance Allowance would get £358.40 a month. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  The lower rate of Attendance Allowance is given if the claimant has a condition which requires “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. The higher rate of the benefit payment is given if the recipient has a disability which needs “help or supervision throughout both day and night, or (they are) terminally ill”. An example of a change to someone’s circumstances is that the level of help they need in the way of personal care changes which could affect their claim. Claimants must report to the DWP if they have moved into a hospital or care home, or have left the UK for more than four weeks.  As well as this, Attendance Allowance recipients who go to prison must inform the DWP of any circumstance changes. State pensioners who get this DWP benefit payment must report any personal detail changes, such as their name, address or bank details. This includes any changes to their doctor’s details or any update to their immigration status, if they are not a UK citizen. Failure to adequately report these changes to the DWP could result in an Attendance Allowance claimant being taken to court. Alternatively, they may have to pay a penalty if you give wrong information or do not report a change in your circumstances. Money from Attendance Allowance could need to be repaid if a claimant did not report changes immediately. Furthermore, repayments may be deemed necessary if wrong information was given or someone was overpaid by mistake. State pension and Attendance Allowance claimants can call the benefit payment’s helpline to update their circumstances on 0800 731 0122. This helpline is open between 8am and 3:30pm, Monday to Friday. The DWP is encouraging anyone with a disability to contact their local office to begin any potential claim as soon as possible. Chloe Smith, the UK Government’s minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Those who think they may be eligible for Attendance Allowance can use the DWP’s online benefits calculator to see how much they could be entitled to.