Speaking at a press conference today, Ukraine's president Zelenskyy also said his country had proven itself enough to be able to join the European Union. Today he announced the capital Kyiv was still under Ukrainian control after Russia launched an invasion on Thursday. He said: "We have withstood and are successfully repelling enemy attacks. "The fighting goes on. "We already have almost full support from EU countries for disconnecting Russia from SWIFT. "I hope that Germany and Hungary will have the courage to support this decision. "We have the courage to defend our homeland, to defend Europe." READ MORE: Putin ‘fantasy’ burst as Russian military facing ‘heavy’ casualties  He said the Ukrainian people have earned the right to EU membership and it will be a key moment of support. He said: "The Ukrainian people deserve to become members of the EU and this would be a signal of your support to Ukraine. And this discussion should be closed. We discussed this today with the European leaders." Today Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba urged the EU to back the ban of SWIFT. He said the “blood of innocent Ukrainian men, women and children” will be on the hands of European leaders if they fail to eject Russia from the Swift global payments messaging system. For now, it seems the West is keeping what many believe is a powerful economic weapon against Vladimir Putin in the back pocket. UK Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace, vowed on Friday to keep pushing for the Swift ban. DON'T MISS: Russia soldiers stand down as they 'didn't know they were sent to kill [REVEALED] Ukraine war: 'F*** you doing in our land?' BRILLIANT takedown [VIDEO]Ukraine fury over NATO report as Putin wages terrifying war [INSIGHT]  He said: “We only have so many options. "We are going to work all day to try and get it.” The news comes as Ukraine's president said: “Anyone who wants to come over here and defend our country, please come. "We will give you arms."   Mr Zelenskiy also said on Saturday that it was now "a crucial moment" to decide on Ukraine's membership of the European Union. In a tweet he stated he had discussed with European Council President Charles Michel "further effective assistance and the heroic struggle of Ukrainians for their free future". President Zelensky addressed the world from Kyiv saying “we have to defend our country, to defend Europe". Sanctions and now "an economy crippling" SWIFT payment ban on Russia could accelerate the use of cryptocurrency alternatives "in order for Russia to be protected from such actions" Mati Greenspan, the founder and CEO of Quantum Economics. 