With March fast approaching and spring just around the corner, there are plenty of jobs to be getting on with in your garden. Preparing your garden for growing season now can help to guarantee healthy and bountiful blooms when spring and summer get underway. Here are seven crucial gardening jobs to get done in March.  The official first day of spring according to the Met Office is March 20. As March marks the beginning of spring, it's a crucial time of year for gardeners to clear away any mess from winter, and prepare their gardens for the growing season. These are seven of the most important jobs for gardeners to get done in March, but depending on which plants you have in your garden you may have even more on your hands. Many common British garden plants will need pruning at this time of year, among them are roses, some types of hydrangeas and fuchsias. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours  Cutting these plants back now should guarantee beautiful flowers for the summer, and allow you to control the shape of the plant as well as checking its health. Most pruning jobs should be saved until all risk of frost has passed for the year, so hanging on until mid-March would be wise. Vegetables taste even better when you grow them yourself. Now is the perfect time to get potatoes and onions in the ground. Plant them in your vegetable patch now and you can enjoy the rewards of your efforts in summer and autumn.  Your spring bulbs should be just about to bloom, so it's time to get the summer displays set up. Dahlias, lilies, crocosmia and agapanthus are amongst the bulbs which you should plant in March. Check the specifics of the bulbs you’re planning on planting, but generally summer bulbs are happiest in sunny spots. You can plant summer bulbs in flowerbeds or in pots around your garden. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT]  Whoever the chief lawnmower is in your house, they’ve probably enjoyed having their feet up over winter. However, if there’s a nice dry day in March, mowing the lawn just before it hits the spring growth spurt can even out the grass. Make sure to save mowing for a dry day, and rake any leaves away before mowing. Unfortunately, new shoots from your spring-flowering bulbs are particularly tasty to those greedy gastropods. Protect new shoots with environmentally friendly slug pellets, netting, or by setting beer traps.   Colourful dogwood and willow stems should be pruned in March just as their new growth is coming in. Mature plants can withstand harder pruning, but younger plants just need a bit of a trim to remove any dead stems and trim out side shoots. One of the most dreaded jobs for gardeners, yet also one of the most crucial - getting weeds under control early can prevent damage to your garden in spring and summer. Hoeing and mulching weeds now can stop them from growing alongside your spring flowers. 