Malcolm Rogers from Cheltenham is furious about the borough council policy that resulted in many cab operators buying expensive vehicles in order to allow disabled access. He says he hasn’t had a single disabled customer in the year since buying the taxi and is now threatening legal action after ending up in debt. Mr Rogers had driven a saloon car around the town for the past 30 years and says he would have kept that style of cab. However, as reported by Gloucester Live, he was told that if he wanted to continue to drive on the council’s ranks he would have to purchase the new vehicle. He was then stunned when after buying the car for around £15,000 the council then changed its mind and scrapped the December 31 deadline for all taxis to be wheelchair accessible. He said in the past year the special car has actually been more of a hindrance than a help. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique While not one disabled customer asked him for a ride, elderly customers complained that the new vehicle was too high for them to get into. And it aggravated issues he had with his back due to having to sit more upright to drive. He said: "I've written to the council, asking them if I could go back to a normal car and they won't let me." Recently he said he even lost a customer when after waiting at a taxi rank an elderly woman was unable to get into his taxi and instead chose one sitting behind. DON'T MISSDrivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [INSIGHT]Major UK city set to ban all vehicles at certain times with £50 fine [SHOCKING]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [ANALYSIS] Mr Rogers said that many drivers like him are now stuck with a vehicle they not only didn’t want, but don’t need, and are hugely out of pocket. He explained: "The council then let saloon drivers buy new cars but wheelchair car drivers cannot buy saloon cars. “I believe this is unfair, illogical and a punishment for the drivers who obeyed the council." He said that he and around 100 other drivers feel they have not been treated equally, citing the Human Rights Act, and that they had taken legal advice informing them they had a good chance of winning any case brought. Mike Redman, the borough council’s director of environment, said: “In June 2021, the council debated a petition organised by the Cheltenham Taxi Drivers’ Association, calling on the council to review the mandatory wheelchair accessible vehicle policy that was due to be implemented by December 2021. “In response to the petition, the council voted unanimously in support of the cabinet member for customer & regulatory services, Councillor Martin Horwood, to continue engagement with the trade and others, on this issue. “The result of this engagement was a decision, in September 2021, to cancel the hard deadline of December 31, 2021 for all taxis to be wheelchair accessible. “Councillor Horwood met with Mr Rogers personally to listen to his concerns.