Manchester United legend Paul Scholes believes Marcus Rashford needs to take Sir Alex Ferguson’s advice by not always looking to do “something special”. Rashford endured another difficult display during United’s 1-1 away draw against Atletico Madrid in the first-leg of the Champions League Round of 16. The Englishman was hooked at half-time in place of Anthony Elanga, who went on to score an immediate equaliser for Ralf Rangnick’s side. It has been a frustrating season for Rashford who has so far only managed to amass five goals and two assists in 22 appearances in all competitions. And Scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to simplify his game and get back to basics at United. “He looks too anxious for me, he looks like he is trying almost too hard,” Scholes said on BT Sport. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Every time the ball comes to him it almost feels like he is trying to do something magical. It is probably the worst thing you can do.” Scholes also alluded to some advice Ferguson gave when he was also experiencing a period of poor form and results. “I always remember when going through a tough time the manager [Sir Alex Ferguson] said keep it simple. Just work your way back into the game,” Scholes added. “He doesn't seem to be able to do that. He is always thinking he has got to produce something. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “He has just got to calm himself down, work himself into the game and the form will come back.' Despite Rashford’s and United’s recent struggles, United do find themselves in a strong position coming into their second-leg clash with Atletico. Joao Felix’s impeccable diving header gave the reigning La Liga champions the advantage, before Elanga’s steered finish brought levelled the proceedings in the second-half. "He is playing as though it is a dream come true, it is a joy and fun to watch him play,” Rangick said after the game. “I wish a few other players would take him as an example and as a role model “Football is an important sport, even more so for the supporters, and it is a ball game. This is what I wish us to do especially in the second leg.” Rangnick also criticised his side’s first-half performance against the Spanish giants, describing it as a half “without conviction” and “aggression”. “What we played in the first half I still cannot believe. We played without conviction, without aggression and that is why we were struggling. “Second half we did better, more possession in areas that mattered and if we played another 10 minutes we might have won the game. “We have to play better in the first half, I was very disappointed by that performance in the first half.”