If you’re interested in aviation, you’ve probably heard of Jerry Dyer. The star of the popular Big Jet TV live streams is known for his enthusiastic narration of planes landing at airports and interviews. Today, hundreds of thousands of people across the globe have tuned in to see pilots landing planes in the 70mph winds at Heathrow airport. Express.co.uk reveals everything you need to know about Jerry Dyer. Jet TV is currently streaming live from London Heathrow Airport and 200,000 people are watching the aviation enthusiast film the landing approach during Storm Eunice. The presenter told BBC Radio 2: "This is the best scenario you could possibly imagine - big kudos to the pilots and the crews working at the airports, this is the most exciting stuff you could possibly get. "Right now, these conditions with 70mph gusting winds, it's pretty intense. "And what is great is you get to see the skill of the pilot and how they manage to handle it."  READ MORE- Heathrow airport chaos as storm Eunice forces flights to be cancelled Mr Dyer regularly delivers live “engaging, educational and exciting” content for free online. The presenter’s Linkedin page explains: “We live stream engaging, educational and exciting content across all Aviation sectors. “I offer the ultimate live platform to promote Airlines, Aviation Services and Technical specialists, delivering free content to targeted audiences. “My website Big Jet TV gets millions of unique hits per month and our long-established platform is well respected around the globe. “Ask me how I can help your organisation with a no-cost show that not only streams live, but gives you content to use on your Social pages - all for free!”  Big Jet TV launched in 2016 and the channel generates more than two million hits per month, so there are a lot of ‘AvGeeks’ out there! Mr Dyer himself has an intense passion for planes, which he clearly expresses in his videos - and he doesn’t hold back on praising the pilots either. Today’s livestream, which is due to be live for 11 hours in total, is particularly popular because of the risks associated with flying during Storm Eunice. The storm is one of the biggest the UK has seen in 30 years and the Met Office has issued a red warning for wind in London, making landing planes in the capital a difficult task for pilots. DON'T MISS...London transport at a standstill as Storm Eunice unleashes fury [INFORMER]London City Airport cancels ALL flights as Storm Eunice sparks chaos [INSIGHT]Roads ‘likely to close’ due to Storm Eunice [EXPLAINER] Viewers are joining the Livestream to cheer the pilots on, spurred on by Dyer’s comical exclamations (“cor”, “fair play” and his rendition of songs like Leaving on a Jet Plane are classic examples). According to the Big Jet TV site, Mr Dyer has loved both military and civil aviation since he was a small child. Mr Dyer wrote on the site: “I grew up in the days of the old retro jets like the 707, DC8, 727 and Tristar! “In fact, my dear old Dad was a Captain back in the day, flying on the old Constellations with Skyways of London before flying the DC8-54 Freighters with IAS.” 