The wait for new episodes of NCIS Los Angeles is finally almost over after a hiatus of over a month on CBS. The likes of Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen), Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) will be back on screens on February 27 in the ninth episode of season 13, titled Under the Influence. But looking forward to episode 11, All the Little Things, the NCIS LA is going to be rocked by the return of not one, but two blasts from the past. In this episode, fans will welcome back the likes of Anna (Bar Paly) and operational psychologist Nate Getz (Peter Cambor). Judging by the synopsis, Nate will be working closely with Admiral Kilbride (Gerard McRaney) to try and crack a project decades in the making. The synopsis sheds more light on the returnees, stating: “When a newborn child is found abandoned on a Navy ship, Kensi and Deeks search for the mother on board before she dies of complications. Also, Nate (Peter Cambor) meets with Admiral Kilbride and learns about the CIA project from the 70s and 80s involving children.” However, while there’s no mention of Anna’s return in the plotline, a first-look snap from the episode teases her return - and she’ll come face to face with ex Callen again. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: Torres set for new role after Palmer's daughter clue? NCIS Anna and Callen reunite to grab a coffee judging by the snap from the episode. What exactly the pair are discussing remains to be seen but the atmosphere appears to be pleasant on the face of things. Anna is shooting her ex a smile while Callen too doesn’t appear to be worrying about reuniting with her former flame. And this is arguably surprising given the chaotic circumstances in the last episode Anna appeared in. Back in season 12, just as Callen thought his romance with Anna could end in marriage, he was blindsided. He discovered Anna had been lying to him about her whereabouts, telling him she was away on humanitarian missions. What transpired is that Anna had been working with a Russian as she feared for her future and the threat of her previous ties to Russia coming to light. After initially being placed in handcuffs by Callen, Anna was eventually kidnapped and seemed to be heading for a future back in Russia after being targeted by Katya Vitkoya (Eve Harlow). DON'T MISS:NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star left emotional on set by co-star's performanceNCIS Sydney cast: Will Agent Ziva David return in new spin-off?NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed In the season 12 instalment titled The Noble Maidens, Anna was freed and fans haven’t seen her since. So what brings her back into the fold in season 13? Could it be she wants her romance with Callen back? After all, Callen even had an engagement ring in hand to try and make Anna his wife. It would certainly be yet another shocking twist in the current season of NCIS LA but elsewhere, some fans believe the episode could mark a major step in Deeks and Kensi’s desire to start a family. The pair’s journey to parenthood has been plagued by obstacles ever since they first discussed having a child. But the synopsis for episode 13 has led some fans to believe the abandoned child who’ll be the subject of the drama could find a home with the NCIS LA pair. If the mother isn’t found, could this pave the way for Densi to finally get their happy ever after? NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 returns to CBS on Sunday, February 27 in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.