Prince Charles is known for his extravagance and has advertised for not one or two, but three chefs. The heir to the throne requires a head chef as well as a chef de partie for his country home, Highgrove, in Gloucestershire. Charles also needs a sous chef to cook for him and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall.  The advert on the royal website explains: “The chef’s team is responsible for the preparation, cooking and presentation of food for the Royal Family and employees at all royal residences.” However, confidentiality is essential, as applicants must be “tactful and courteous, with the ability to maintain confidentiality and discretion at all times”. So what diet does the Prince of Wales follow? Prince Charles previously revealed he does not eat meat or fish during two days of the week and cuts dairy on one day of the week.  READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group The Prince of Wales appeared on the Big Interviews on BBC in October 2021 to discuss the environment and what people can do to lower their carbon footprint. He said: “The business of what we eat of course is important. “For years I haven’t eaten meat and fish on two days a week and I don’t eat dairy products on one day a week. “Now I mean that’s one way to do it - if more did that you would reduce a lot of the pressure on the environment and everything else.  “Because you see the thing about meat is very important - where does it come from, how is it grown? “So if it’s grass-based and from the right breeds, you know if it is better quality but eaten less often - that approach to farming is less damaging than the industrialised approach with intensive everything, and causing huge pressures and damage.” Charles is said to eat the same breakfast every single day. According to royal author Sally Bedell Smith, the Prince eats specially mixed wheat germ and cereal grains with honey. This is usually followed by fruit and tea. But on weekends Charles opts to eat Clarence House's own cheesy baked eggs recipe.  The 73-year-old's diet also sees the Prince of Wales skip lunch altogether. A Clarence House source told the Daily Mail: "It can be a problem sometimes. "When we do day visits or foreign tours, he can go the whole day without stopping for a break, which means we all have to miss our lunch as well." The source added: "It's good in a way, because it means he has time to meet more people, but he doesn't seem to notice all the rumbling stomachs around him. "You just learn that you have to have a big breakfast on those days."  However, an ex-royal correspondent has revealed how many insiders close to the Prince of Wales have got around Charles' difficult dietary habits. The journalist also confirmed the Prince's tendency to skip lunch. Gordon Rayner told The Telegraph: "Lunch is seen as a luxury that gets in the way of his work, so he eats a late breakfast and works through. "I found this out the hard way, by going hungry when I started covering royal tours and watching enviously as his long-suffering staff produced snacks from pockets so they could eat on the go." 