Samsung fans will finally be able to get their hands on the Galaxy S22 Ultra later this week when it arrives in stores on Friday February 25. This all-new handset features a glorious 6.8-inch AMOLED screen, super-powerful Exynos processor, and the long-awaited return of the S Pen. Of course, all that cutting-edge technology doesn't come cheap. Samsung is asking customers to stump up at least £1,149 to own one. Thought that was bad? Things can rise to almost £1,500 if you start adding more RAM and 1TB of storage. Ouch! Fortunately, there is a way to get some serious money off the Galaxy S22 Ultra with Samsung's trade-in deals offering up to £570 back when you hand over your current device. That's a very generous discount but it won't be around for long with the money-saving discounts ending at midnight tomorrow, February 24. If you want to take full advantage, you'll need to head to Samsung's store and use its phone finder to see how much your device is worth. Once that's done you'll then need to enter the IMEI number – this can be found in the settings menu on the phone – and the current condition of your device. Samsung will then confirm the discount with the money off instantly applied to your shopping basket. As an example of some of the savings that can be made, Samsung is currently offering Galaxy Note 20 Ultra owners £570 off and Galaxy S21 users get £530 off. There are also big discounts for those wanting to switch from firms such as Sony and OnePlus and you'll even get money back if you own a BlackBerry or Huawei device. Yes, Samsung is offering up to £270 off if you hand over a BlackBerry KEY2 or £400 off when trading in a P40 Pro. Along with these trade-in deals, Samsung is also giving away 12 months of Disney+ and Galaxy Buds Pro for free. If that's got you thinking about buying the Ultra then there are plenty of exciting new features including the return of the S Pen. For the first time ever on a Galaxy S series device, owners are now treated to this digital stylus that lets them scribble on the screen. Not only is the S Pen back but, with its lower latency, it's also much-improved as Samsung promises it will feel more like writing with a physical pen on real paper. Other noteworthy features include a massive fast-charging battery, 120Hz refresh rate display and quad-rear camera with 100X zoom. Want to know more about the S22 Ultra? You can read our full review here.