For it was as long ago as September 16, 1992 ‑ the day dubbed “Black Wednesday” ‑ that his claim to any kind of political competence was shattered by the enforced departure of the pound from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism ‑ a precursor to the euro. Major had choked the British economy in a regime of horribly high interest rates in an effort to maintain sterling’s value against the German deutschmark, as his flagship economic policy demanded. He also sanctioned the spending of billions of pounds of tax-payers’ money by the Bank of England to keep Britain on a path towards European economic integration. It was only when the policy failed catastrophically and the pound crashed out of the ERM and returned to being a floating currency that the British economy started to recover. Major’s response was to try to claim credit for the recovery and to sack his chancellor Norman Lamont, who had ironically been far more sceptical about the ERM policy all along. So for Boris Johnson to find himself on the end of a new barrage from Major for allegedly "corroding trust" in democracy takes the biscuit. Ever since Johnson led the Leave campaign to victory over Major and his Remain allies in the 2016 referendum, the former PM has sought to be a thorn in his side. Despite having played a substantial part in a referendum at which voters were promised “the Government will implement what you decide”, Major spent the ensuing years trying to stop Brexit from taking place by calling for Article 50 to be revoked and demanding a second referendum. In December 2019 he even advised voters not to support Johnson’s pro-Leave Tories when the alternative for PM was the hard-Left Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. The electorate chose to ignore his advice, just as they had at the referendum and in the 1997 election at which Major lost an astonishing 178 seats for his party. Not until Johnson’s historic triumph at the 2019 election, more than two decades later, was the Conservative Party able to command a secure majority in the Commons once more. Given Johnson was a leading Eurosceptic journalist during Major’s embarrassingly inept premiership, it is hard to avoid the conclusion that the latter is on a personal revenge mission. Major’s current beef with Johnson is supposedly focused around the partying that was going on inside 10 Downing Street during Covid lockdowns and Johnson’s initial blanket denials that this had happened. He has a point. How much of one we will find out when the Metropolitan Police investigation into events is completed. But again, perhaps people in glass houses should think carefully before lobbing brickbats. After all, was Sir John’s famous “back to basics” campaign, about restoring family values, consistent with what we now know he had been getting up to in secret with Edwina Currie? The latest onslaught by Major, in a speech today at an event organised by the Institute for Government think tank, should confirm our suspicions that the Partygate saga has morphed from being a cause of genuine public anger into another pretext for a pro-Remain British establishment to try to oust a PM who won a thumping mandate to govern only two years ago. As someone who has often been critical of Mr Johnson ‑ especially on his failure to tackle the Channel dinghies ‑ I nonetheless recognise that far from corroding trust in British democracy at that election, he actually rescued it. He showed courage by resolving to break the logjam created by establishment Brexit-blockers, knowing he would face an onslaught against his character and personal life in the process. Had we instead been dragooned into a second referendum to cancel Brexit and, in effect, steal the votes of more than 17 million citizens who had backed Leave, one shudders to think of the dire consequences that would have followed. That was leadership far above anything Major achieved in his six and a bit years in No 10. Boris Johnson’s prime sin in the eyes of the establishment grandees who attack him now on any passing pretext is to have unlocked a hitherto closed system so the will of the people about how they are governed, and by whom, could be enacted. He has made bad mistakes since getting Brexit done. But the identity and motivation of his fiercest detractors does him very great credit indeed. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea