A go-to painkiller for many, paracetamol is commonly used to treat various aches and pains. From tablets to syrup, the painkiller is readily available in different forms in most stores and pharmacies. Many take paracetamol without thinking twice about its unwanted effects but like with all medication there are some to be aware of. Whether you use paracetamol to relieve certain pain or reduce your temperature, the painkiller can sometimes trigger side effects. The good news is that paracetamol “rarely” causes unwanted effects, according to the NHS. However, you need to stick to the right dosage to avoid developing any problems. The health service recommends sticking to a dose of one or two 500mg tablets taken up to four times in a 24-hour period. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The vitamin associated with a 63% higher risk of a ‘common’ cancer  Jaundice is a condition during which your skin and the whites of your eyes turn yellow. The NHS states that jaundice “can be a sign of something serious”, for example, liver disease. So seeking urgent medical help is non-negotiable. The health portal Patient.Info shared that jaundice could be triggered by acute liver injury. This injury can be caused by paracetamol poisoning or overdose. And that’s where warning signs like dark urine and clay-coloured stools step in as they belong under the symptoms of jaundice, the Cleveland Clinic shares. Jaundice occurs when there are high levels of the bile pigment called bilirubin in your body. This bile can even change the colour of your pee. Although side effects like these can occur, these are not the only unwanted problems paracetamol can cause. To see the full list of side effects, always refer to the patient information leaflet that came with your medicine. The NHS recommends talking to a pharmacist or a doctor if you notice anything unusual or worry about potential side effects. Remember, it’s important to stick to the right dose as paracetamol taken like this rarely causes problems. The health service concludes: “Overdosing on paracetamol can cause serious side effects. “Do not be tempted to increase the dose or to take a double dose if your pain is very bad.”