However, there is no such requirement for vitamin B supplements; these can be taken at will and at all times of the year. There is no one vitamin B, rather it is a complex one that makes up a number of vitamins. B1, B2, B3, pantothenic acid, B6, B7, folate and folic acid, and B12 all make up the cast that is the vitamin B production. Each one has their own uses and each one, when deficient in the body, can cause certain symptoms; including those which affect mental health. READ MORE: Are YOU oestrogen dominant? The 17 signs you have too much oestrogen According to the University of Michigan, a deficiency in vitamin B1 (thiamin) could be linked to increased levels of anxiousness and irritability. A study published in the Journal of Clinical Medicine found that children deficient in vitamin B1 led to hyperglycaemia, a condition where there is too much sugar in the blood. As a result, says the University of Michigan, poorly balanced blood sugar can increase the likelihood of an individual experiencing depression. “Symptoms of poor glycaemic regulation have been shown to closely mirror mental health symptoms, such as irritability, anxiety, and worry. This should come as no surprise as the brain runs primarily on glucose,” said the American university.  Meanwhile, in the UK and around the world, dialogue around mental health has changed. In recent years mental health has come to be accepted as almost as important as physical health and there have been attempts by charities to change how mental health is viewed and approached by men and young people; two groups where the issue was not often raised. This has been reflected in the political realm with Labour’s Dr Rosena Allin-Khan acting as Shadow Secretary for Mental Health and the party pledging to expand mental health support should it come into power. In light of the pandemic and the devastating impact that has had across all parts of society, there is now a greater understanding of the mental toll this has taken on individuals young and old. The NHS recently stated that it expects a “second pandemic” to strike as a wave of individuals come forward with mental health disorders. Younger people in particular have been hit hard by a crisis that has been ongoing for over two years. A new report by Steer Education has revealed a concerning new trend amongst child mental health. Responses to a Steer survey found that girls as young as 11 were 30 percent less likely to suffer from poor mental health compared to boys of the same age. As a result, the data found that by the age of 18, girls were twice as likely to suffer from mental health difficulties than boys. Furthermore, experts are worried that this data, one of many published in recent months, indicates a growing mental health crisis amongst young people. As well as this, there are concerns this could be a lasting legacy of the pandemic and one that will continue to develop over the coming years. For more information about mental health contact the NHS or consult with your GP.