On Friday, President Joe Biden confirmed he had nominated Judge Jackson to serve on the Supreme Court, making her the first-ever Black woman to be nominated to the high court. On Friday, Mr Biden shared a message on Twitter, within which he referred to Judge Jackson as “one of our nation's brightest legal minds”, adding that she “will be an exceptional Justice." The Duchess of Sussex, 40, spoke to Anita Hill, professor at Brandeis University who has penned an op-ed in honour of Black History Month in the US. During the piece for URL Media, Ms Hill commentated on Judge Jackson’s nomination, but also on the role of Black women in the political realm. Professor Hill went on to add that she considered “the gravity of how this announcement must feel to so many”, adding that it led her to reflect on “moments in modern history where Black women of stature and credential entered arenas once thought to be inaccessible.” Anita reached out to Meghan for her article because she "couldn't help but see a measure of parallelism given her experience navigating uncharted territory as a Black woman". Meghan said: “The civil rights history of tomorrow is being written today.” “Judge Jackson’s nomination has opened new ground for women’s representation at the highest level of a judicial system that for too long has tilted against the very community she hails from. “For the millions of young women who will rightfully find inspiration from this moment, let’s remind ourselves that Black achievement is something that exists not just today or yesterday, and not just in moments of celebration, but as a fabric woven into the entire chronicle of the American story.” This is not the first time that Meghan has waded into the political sphere, as previously the Duchess had penned letters to US Congress leaders to advocate for paid leave for all parents READ MORE: Meghan Markle sparks frenzy as she collaborates with new op-ed The letter from the 40-year-old was published in partnership with Paid Leave For All in October last year. Within the piece, the mother-of-two called upon House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer as “an engaged citizen and a parent”. She noted that millions of women dropped out of the workforce at “an alarming rate” so that they could care for their children, and she issued a call to ensure that millions of American families can access guaranteed paid leave. More recently, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle said they "stand with the people of Ukraine" after Russia launched an invasion in the country. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry’s ‘physical clues’ to show ‘marriage is strong’ [INSIGHT] Sophie Wessex’s £105k engagement ring has 'three heart-shaped stones' [PICTURES] Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base [REVEAL] Following the news that Vladimir Putin had launched early morning attacks, targeting cities and bases with airstrikes in an ambush in Ukraine, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex published a statement on their Archewell website on Thursday last week. Many royal fans compliment the couple on their latest political move, including one called "MimiRoche" who called the Duke and Duchess “leaders” who were “leading with compassion. However, their comments on the Ukraine-Russia crisis came under fire from other fans, as traditionally members of the Royal Family are politically neutral and do not provide a public opinion on contentious issues. Prince Harry and Meghan, who stepped back from royal duties last year, are technically not subjected to follow the same protocol as members of the Royal Family. Protocol prevents reigning monarchs, and successors to the throne from addressing contentious affairs due to a requirement of being politically neutral. Future leaders must be selfless, objective, accountable and open among other qualities according to the Nolan Principles which helps govern their behaviour. Established by John Major, a previous UK Prime Minister, The Nolan Principles, refers to qualities that those in public office, including the Royal Family, are supposed to follow and includes integrity, honesty and accountability on its list. As the couple are not working members of the Royal family, they are able to comment on such topics in a personal capacity. Their resignation from duties means the couple are exempt from expectations and conventions that must be followed by other senior royals including Harry’s brother Prince William, who is second in the line of succession for the throne.