Transport for London has confirmed that their bus fares will increase by nearly 6.5 percent, and with the cost of living crunching numbers already this could be the tipping point for Britain's older generations. An estimated 80 percent of over 60s pass up on potential freebies, discounts and benefits they are fully entitled to which could offset the added costs. The plan for certain areas to raise their bus fares have coincided with the potential rise in eligibility age for free bus passes in England. At the moment, England residents can claim free bus travel once they reach the state pension age which is currently 66. However, proposals to increase the state pension age to 67 between 2026 and 2028 will likely also see the eligibility age for other benefits rising too. This has been reported to include free prescriptions and free bus passes as they rely on the state pension age as eligibility criteria.  These changes are ultimately dependent on forecasts in UK life expectancy but if the proposal does go through, millions will have to account for an added year of travel costs before receiving their free bus pass. Money Saving Expert, founded by Martin Lewis, noted 17 freebies and discounts for over 50s could be eligible to help cover these new costs. Local bus discounts initiatives are provided by local councils across the country, including the likes of Freedom Passes in London and 60+ London Oyster photocard. The photocard enables those who aren’t yet old enough for the Freedom Pass to get unlimited travel on buses, tubes, trail, DLR and most rail services in London for a £20 one-off fee. ScotRail also offers the Club 50 scheme which gives over 50s 20 percent discounts on online advance and off-peak tickets alongside a range of other offers. Free TV licences are provided to those over the age of 75 and claiming Pension Credit from the Department for Work and Pensions. This free licence can cover all members of a single household so long as one meets the requirements. Additionally, British nationals born on or before September 2, 1929 can receive a free 10 year passport. An immediate saving of £75.50. In England, over 60s can receive free NHS sight tests and receive 25 percent off glasses and lenses at Specsavers. A range of popular retailers offer discounts for older Britons with some specific conditions. B&Q provides 10 percent off certain products every Wednesday for over 60s with a B&Q Diamond Card. Boots has a More Treats for Over 60s club where Advantage Card holders can get eight points for every £1 spent on Boots’ products, twice the usual amount of points. Those who take health supplements are advised on Money Saving Expert to keep an eye out for bulk-buy deals and to compare prices between retailers. Theatre and cinema ticket discounts for over 60s and even over 50s are rife, with individual venues often offering attractive rates for these age groups to enjoy a night out without breaking the bank. Additionally, English Heritage, Historic Scotland, Cadw Wales and National Trust all offer individual discounts for a range of experiences, outings and events. Annual English Heritage membership for over 65s are £7 cheaper than the ordinary memberships for singles with the couple membership saving £25. The National Trust offers 25 percent off membership for over 60s but have a few more eligibility requirements to be met.