The UK Government feigned surprise despite the fact that in a speech in September last year the DUP leader said he would have to take such action if our sovereign government refused to take the action. And let us not forget that in July of 2021 HM Government said that the conditions existed to justify the triggering of Article 16, the part of the protocol which called time out if there was economic or societal harm to Northern Ireland. We then however, entered a period of Protocol prevarication, when we all, at times, believed it was going to happen ‑ but it never did. The resignation of the First Minister in Northern Ireland means that the Executive of the NI Assembly can no longer meet. The assembly was heading towards elections in May of this year anyway and was due to go into recess in March. This move by the DUP has truncated the assembly term by over a month but any legislation already going through the Assembly will continue to be dealt with, there just won’t be any more executive announcements. Sinn Fein, the party which collapsed the Executive in 2017 and led to a three year pause in devolution is calling for an early election ‑ probably March. This is difficult to understand as if the election comes earlier then the legislation currently going through will fall. They are doing the usual Janus routine of facing both ways ‑ feigning disgust at the First Minister resigning and the resulting damage to the Assembly but then calling for an election early which would stop all current legislation. Go figure. Sinn Fein is also repeating its mantra that the protocol is an inevitable consequence of Brexit, which of course is just not true but they work to the rule that if you say something often enough with the right amount of conviction that it will become true.  They found an unlikely, (or maybe likely) ally in Theresa May’s former chief of staff, Garvin Barwell who went on the attack after the DUP pulled the First Minister out of the Executive. Apparently supporting Brexit was a huge strategic error for the DUP and it led to the Border in the Irish Sea because the “ERG preferred that to the alternative”, keeping the UK in the customs union ‑ as if that was ever going to fly. It is very instructive that Theresa May’s closest advisor has the mindset that those were the only two options to deal with Northern Ireland post-Brexit. Of course that is not true, but it illustrates why we ended up with the weakness of May as she negotiated Brexit. It is why by the time the current PM took over the dye had been cast as to the direction of travel. May and Barwell rejected alternative arrangements, small business exemptions, using technology and Smart borders and dealing with the issue of NI in a practical way, using risk assessment rather than the wholly disproportionate checks under the Protocol.  Instead, OUR government under Theresa May allowed the Irish Government to sell the Belfast Agreement to the Europeans in a way which caused a border in the Irish sea ‑ that is the disgrace and Barwell should acknowledge he facilitated that because he was so blinded by his Remain ideology. There is a conflict between the Belfast Agreement and the Protocol. Both are international agreements and therefore a solution has to be found or one will fall. The Belfast Agreement has been seen as sacrosanct in the past, but now it appears that the EU, the Republic of Ireland and even our own Government have made the choice that the Protocol comes first. That is a very sad and dangerous choice and explains why the DUP leader has said “Enough is enough”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea