An unannounced bid by ministers to stem the rush by changing the order rate of lateral flow tests from every 24 hours to three days failed to halt the stampede. The Government's website ran out on Monday night and packs remained unavailable both online and via the 119 phoneline yesterday. Pharmacists accused the Government of failing to warn them of the pay-to-test change. It came as they told of a surge for kits not seen since the Christmas Omicron peak. Meanwhile, extraordinary images posted online showed stacks of swab kits grabbed before April 1, when people will be charged £3-£5 for the tests. The free kits are costing the Treasury £2billion a month. One person, who has stockpiled more than 25 test packs, tweeted: "When the Government wants to start charging for lateral flow tests. "I've come fully prepared so I don't run out of Covid tests." Dramatist and academic Dan Rebellato, 54, showed a picture of his own "absurd tower" of tests in his office. The University of London contemporary theatre professor tweeted: "I knew they'd scrap the free testing so have been ordering test packs whenever I remember." Some suggested they might start selling the tests online from April. One tweeted: "If people order a load of free lateral flow tests now, then once it's April 1st they can sell them cheaper than the Government, at least the money won't be going to them."  And people in Wales and Scotland, where tests are expected to remain free, were offering to collect them and post them to friends in England. Dr Leyla Hannbeck, of the Association of Independent Multiple Pharmacies, said: "We raised concerns around Christmas about supply not meeting the demand following change in Government guidelines. Once again pharmacies find themselves in a situation where we are not communicated with prior to an announcement and need to deal with the increased demand." Previously, adults could order a test kit set - containing seven swabs - every 24 hours. But according to the Government portal, they can now be obtained only once every three days. 