Russian assaults on the Ukrainian capital Kyiv intensified overnight and have been met with fierce resistance. However, multiple videos posted on social media showed groups of Russian military troops "out of fuel, food and stuck on highways". In one video, a group of Russian soldiers were left stranded on the side of the road this morning as their vehicle ran out of fuel on the way to Kyiv. A Ukrainian driver rolls down his window and offers to tow the Russian troops back to Russia, prompting laughter from even the soldiers themselves. The Russian troops can be seen next to a large tank, with another abandoned tank spotted further down the road. Victor Kovalenko, a former Ukrainian journalist, tweeted a translation of the exchange. The Ukrainian driver asks whether the tank broke down, but the Russian troops say they are "waiting for diesel". At this point,  the driver jokes: "I can tug you back to Russia!" JUST IN: Russian troops abandon tank in Ukraine as Putin's military beaten back When the driver asks where the troops are headed the Russians admit that they don't know. The driver then updates the troops on the war, saying:  "So far our side is doing better, your guys surrender well." According to the Twitter account, Expat in Kyiv, "locals north of Kyiv say that a group of Russian tanks ran out of fuel there and are walking around the town trying to find diesel". The video is the latest in a series of humiliating moments for the Russian army as the Ukrainian military fights off several attacks and puts up a stunning resistance. Also this morning, the mayor of the western city of Lviv, near the border with Poland, claims Ukrainian forces forced Russian troops into retreat out of the city. Andrey Sadovyi wrote on the Telegram messaging app that Russia landed about 60 troops and three helicopters in Brody. He added: “The armed forces are repelling the occupier! We are keeping the situation under control." It is thought that the level of Ukrainian resistance to Russian forces has taken the Kremlin by surprise. DON'T MISS: Furious Ukrainian criticises 'toothless' sanctions amid EU pressure [INTERVIEW]Kyiv resistance strikes back as Russia loses grip on cities [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Russia humiliated as army driven out of city [LIVE BLOG] Overnight a missile hit a residential building and a while another is thought to have hit an area near the Kyiv airport. Responding to the missile strikes, Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted: "Kyiv, our splendid, peaceful city, survived another night under attacks by Russian ground forces, missiles. "One of them has hit a residential apartment in Kyiv. I demand the world: fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, oil embargo, ruin its economy. Stop Russian war criminals!" Ukraine's Health Minister Viktor Lyashko solemnly confirmed that a total of 198 Ukrainians, including three children, have been killed since the start of the invasion. He said that a further 1,115 people have been wounded, among them 33 children.