Andy Murray has offered to give private guidance to Emma Raducanu after the US Open suffered another injury and pulled out of her latest event in Mexico. The British No.1 still played the longest WTA match of the year against Daria Saville before retiring with a left hip injury with the score at 5-7, 7-6 4-3. The first round match at the Abierto AKRON Zapopan at Guadalajara Mexico lasted three hours and 36 minutes before the world No.12 decided she was in too much pain to carry on. Raducanu, 19, also withdrew from her last match in the second round of the Australian Open last month with a blister. Murray, now 34, suffered from injuries at the start of his career before becoming obsessed with his physical fitness and winning three Major titles. The Scot failed in his bid to win a 700th ATP Tour win when he went down 7-5 6-2 to world No.10 Jannick Sinner at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships today. Asked in his post-match press conference if he had any public advice to offer his fellow Grand Slam champion, Murray said: “Not really, to be honest, no. "I don't think that I'm necessarily the right person to be giving advice on those things. "She has her team that she's working with, that she will trust to help her through those moments. “Yeah, if she wanted to know my advice, I'm sure she would message or speak to me and contact me, and I'd be more than happy to chat, but I'm not just going to dish out advice on that.” Raducanu has suffered a rollercoaster ride since her New York triumph in September and has won only three matches in six tournaments as a Major champion. Off court she changed her court after her US Open win, signed new endorsements deals and caught Covid before Christmas.   A 35-year-old man was today handed a five-year restraining order by Bromley Magistrates’ Court for stalking the teenager. Across the Atlantic, Raducanu was offered little sympathy by her latest opponent. Former World No.20 Daria Saville, nee Gavrilova, is down to world No.610 after undergoing surgery on her achilles tendon last year and is playing on a protected ranking. In her post-match courtside interview, the Russian-born Aussie was asked: “Nobody likes to win a match with a retirement and I am sure it was a difficult moment for you. I am sure you would like to wish Emma all the best?” Saville replied: “I am really proud of myself. I fought really hard, I believed in myself and so I think I have won it.”   Amazon Prime commentator Laura Robson said: “Interesting. Fair play, she competed and fought. "She thinks she deserves the win. She will take it with the ranking she is at the moment.” 