Fans are both excited and distraught that the last season of Peaky Blinders is almost here. The trailer for season six has already teased loyal viewers with a sneak peek of what's to come, and the show's leading actor has opened up about the role's physical demands.  With the countdown to the concluding chapter of the smash-hit BBC show in single digits, onlookers are looking for any additional news that will tell them what happens. Cillian Murphy, who plays quite a possible fan's favourite member of the Shelby family Tommy Shelby is tight-lipped on what's in store. Ahead of the new season landing, the star has revealed that the required fitness level for the role is hard to achieve and maintain. On overhauling his naturally slim frame, he said: "I'm not a very physically imposing person. Read More:Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute to colleague  "So I have to eat a lot of protein and lift a lot of weights and do all that stuff. "So that takes a while, which I hate." After getting on board with the health regime he also opened up that the accent was a struggle. Talking to the Radio Times he added: "I hung out with Steve [Knight, screenwriter], and we went to the actual Garrison pub in Birmingham with his Brummie mates.  "And we're just drinking Guinness there, and they're singing Birmingham City songs and telling all sorts of stories, and I was recording on my iPhone. And then I took that home and used it to try and track the accents, you know." It sounds like it was a full-body transformation as the 45-year-old concluded: "I do not share one thing with him." During press interviews ahead of the closing season, the Quiet Place two actor has teased that this outing will be "dark" and "wasn't a very pleasant shooting experience" at times. BBC has released some teaser images that set a hostile tone for future episodes. DON’T MISS…'My rock' Phillip Schofield details changes to family life in rare TV chat with wife Steph [LATEST]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery 'mum and dad' teacher row [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of favour with fans [LATEST]  Speaking to Esquire, Cillian described filming: "I've loved it. It's only this year that it felt hard. "I'm still shocked by how it went from this small little show on BBC Two to this worldwide phenomenon." In preparation for the show, @ImxInsomnia tweeted: "Peaky Blinders is back. It has been a long time coming. Flat caps at the ready #PeakyBlinders." MS.SHELBY shared her excitement: "Can't wait to be sunday, almost three years I've waiting for this omgggg #PeakyBlinders. (sic)  