Urging NATO to go further in its support for Ukraine, Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood told Express.co.uk that other authoritarian regimes are currently "watching carefully" as the West responds to Mr Putin's incursions in Ukraine. In a similar manner to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Mr Ellwood said that China could attempt to seize Taiwan in the near future. There have been growing concerns that China will attempt to use military force to take control of Taiwan, as the country has built up its military presence near Taiwanese airspace. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Chair of the Defence Select Committee said: "The wider issue here is that we are setting a precedent that other authoritarian regimes are watching carefully. "If Putin gets his way, where will he go to next and where might other dictators advance their own agendas? Specifically China." He called on NATO to "do more" to defend "our Ukrainian friends in need". He said: "What needs to change immediately is our appetite to support our Ukrainian friends in need. "A sovereign state has been attacked, invaded by another sovereign state in Europe. "Are we going to sit back and watch? "We've been so hesitant and risk-averse for fear of antagonising Putin, failing to recognise that this plays into his hands." He added: "If Kiev falls then history will ask why the West didn't do more." READ MORE: China gloats at failure to contain Russia 'Xi watching with pleasure!' Mr Ellwood described an alliance between Russia and China as "game-changing", adding: "It takes us into a new era of instability, which points also to why our defence spending, our whole security apparatus needs urgent review. "The world is getting more dangerous not less. "And at the moment we are running away from the fight not standing up to it." Mr Ellwood's comments come after Russian troops rolled into Ukraine in the early hours of this morning after Mr Putin officially declared war on the country. DON'T MISS: Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience [ANALYSIS] 'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [REACTION] Britons furious over 'Brexit betrayer' Johnson as Farage backed for PM [REPORT] Soon after Mr Putin announced the invasion of Ukraine, the Russian Foreign Minister confirmed that he had spoken with his counterpart in China, Wang Yi. Mr Yi said that China understands Russia's "legitimate concerns". A spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, Hua Chunying also refused to call Russia's actions an invasion, saying: "China is closely monitoring the latest situation. "We call on all sides to exercise restraint to prevent the situation from getting out of control. "This is perhaps a difference between China and you Westerners. We won't go rushing to a conclusion. "Regarding the definition of an invasion, I think we should go back to how to view the current situation in Ukraine. "The Ukrainian issue has other very complicated historical background that has continued to today. "It may not be what everyone wants to see." She also accused the US and its allies of having "fanned the flame, instead of putting out the fire."