More than 60 nature and health organisations today launch the Nature For Everyone initiative to ensure everyone has local green spaces. Gillian Burke, BBC's Springwatch presenter, said: "Just the sound of birdsong, a bubbling stream or the wind through the leaves can lower a heart rate, ease anxiety and make us take a deep breath. "Spending time in nature has multiple mental and physical health benefits, yet for far too many of us green spaces are simply out of reach. "Nature-rich spaces for all are vital to create healthy communities, to reduce stress on our NHS and to help our struggling wildlife."  The Daily Express's Green Britain Needs You crusade has called for authorities to make more space for nature. One in five people in England do not have a garden, or access to parks and open fields, research has found. The most deprived areas of the UK have nine times less green space than the wealthiest. The Nature For Everyone poll found at least 85 percent of people in nature-deprived areas said more green spaces would improve their quality of life. Four in five people supported their calls for a legal right to local nature. Dr Richard Benwell, of the Wildlife and Countryside Link, said: "Lives are worsened by disconnection from nature. Unless levelling up includes a legal right to healthy natural spaces, it will surely fail." Nature For Everyone has written to Communities Secretary Michael Gove calling for equal access to nature to be a key measure of levelling up. Comment by Steve Backshall  In these uncertain times, we Brits have been getting back to nature with a vengeance. When our outdoor time was rationed during lockdowns, it became even more precious. Suddenly we remembered how important fresh air was. Adults who hadn't climbed a tree, caught a minnow or gone crabbing since they were knee-high, suddenly rediscovered these simple pleasures.  We listened to birdsong, revelled in early summer mayfly emergences and gazed in awe at autumn starling murmurations. Staycationers discovered our hidden highways and forgotten forests. Scout groups and forest schools turned woodlands into living classrooms. There's good science to confirm that this outdoor time is priceless, and not just for children. The chance to connect with nature is fundamental to our health and wellbeing. Billions of pounds could be saved for the NHS if everyone was able to benefit from nature. Doctors are talking seriously about not just prescribing exercise and a healthy lifestyle, but wildlife, adventure and nature too. Unfortunately, millions of people live in places where they can't enjoy nature. One in three people in England live more than 15 minutes' walk from a natural green space. So I'm backing a new campaign for a "right to nature" for everyone, launched today. I spoke alongside Michael Gove when the Environment Bill was first mooted, and he spoke passionately about our need for nature. Boris Johnson has done much the same. Now it is time for them to put their money where their mouths are. Public authorities should have a duty to make sure we all have a good quality environment near home, with rights of access and safe ways to enjoy it. If you agree, please support the campaign and let's make sure everyone can discover the wonders of our natural world.  • Steve Backshall is a TV presenter and naturalist.