Manchester United have not yet identified a 'favoured candidate' in the search for their next permanent manager. However, five names are being assessed as United seek to line up Ralf Rangnick's replacement before the end of the current season. Rangnick was appointed interim manager after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's inevitable sacking in November. The Norwegian was United's fourth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson but the only successor to fail to win a single piece of silverware. With the Red Devils on the verge of a fifth trophyless season, their next appointment is crucial at the start of a new era after Richard Arnold replaced Ed Woodward as chief executive at Old Trafford. And there are currently five candidates in the frame, including three commonly linked to the position already. JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs 'split' on Ronaldo as Glazers weigh up summer exit ESPN report United are considering Paris Saint-German's Mauricio Pochettino, Ajax's Erik ten Hag and Spain boss Luis Enrique for the role. Inter Milan manager Simone Inzaghi and Bayern Munich's Julian Nagelsmann are also 'being assessed' for their suitability and availability but are 'unlikely targets'. The Glazers, Arnold, John Murtough, Darren Fletcher and Rangnick will be behind the decision-making. And ESPN claim the process will involve analysing candidates' strengths and weaknesses, play style, recruitment preferences and all-around desire to take the job. READ MORE: Liverpool star Luis Diaz's value 'increases £18.4m' With all five names currently in work, the compensation fee United would have to pay could also prove decisive. The Glazers are keen to avoid making similar mistakes to previous appointments, deeming an in-depth strategy necessary. But if they're considering compensation, wage demands and transfer plans, there may be doubts whether they are solely searching for the best fit, but instead the best value. United will be aiming to land their preferred option in time to start work at the helm on July 1, especially if a candidate becomes available before the end of the season. For now, Rangnick's primary focus will be ensuring he guides the club to a top-four Premier League finish to save a tumultuous 2021/22 campaign. United are also still in the Champions League, and as long as they're in the hat, they will believe they have the quality to spring a surprise and go all the way. But for the club financially, and for the sake of attracting the best players for their next manager, maintaining their status among Europe's elite must be prioritised. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here