A staggering 7,800 people were killed or injured in drink driving accidents in the UK alone in 2019. Whether you’re driving straight after having a drink or the day after drinking, it’s absolutely crucial that you’re under the limit and know you’re 100 percent safe to drive. So, how many units can you drink and drive on safely? There are strict alcohol limits for drivers in all parts of the UK for a reason. When you drink alcohol, your reaction times, vision and ability to concentrate are impaired. This means you can’t control the car well and you’re more likely to partake in dangerous driving. More specifically, the brain takes longer to receive messages from the eye, processing information becomes more difficult, and instructions to the body's muscles are delayed. The rules differ from country to country in the UK, but they’re all based on how much alcohol is in your breath, blood or urine. READ MORE- DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away Working out how many units will put you over the limit is complicated because it varies from person to person. It depends on a range of factors, including: For this reason, the police advise everyone to avoid alcohol completely if they plan on driving. Officially, the drink driving alcohol limit in England, Wales and Northern Ireland is 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood (the ‘blood limit’), 35 micrograms per 100 millilitres of breath (the ‘breath limit’), 107 milligrams per 100 millilitres of urine (the ‘urine limit’). Even though you shouldn’t drink and drive at all, the legal drink-drive limit is around four units for men and three for women. Four units are around two pints of average strength beer. Three units equate to around one and half-pints of lower-strength beer or two small glasses of wine. However, as mentioned, this amount of alcohol could impact some people more than others. It is better to be safe than sorry and avoid drinking alcohol at all before driving. DON'T MISS...Drivers ‘worried about’ new car tax proposals [INFORMER]How much is your car worth? How to get the most money [INSIGHT]MOT expert answers most commonly asked questions [EXPLAINER] breathalyse the driver if they suspect drink-driving. If you fail this test, or if the police officers have other grounds to believe that your driving was impaired due to alcohol, you’ll be taken to a police station and given a final breath test. Here, you will need to provide two more breath specimens into a complex breathalyser and the lower reading will be used to decide whether you’re over the limit. You may even need to provide a urine or blood sample.