  BBC Radio 2 presenter Rylan Clark unexpectedly split from his husband Dan Neal in June, 2021, after five years together. Now, Dan appears to be putting himself back out there and is looking for love, according to reports.      Rylan, 33, has opened up about the toll the breakdown of his marriage has had on his mental health, admitting that his weight had plummeted to 9st 13lb following the divorce. Meanwhile Dan, 41, appears to have joined a dating app in the hopes of striking up a new romance. The Sun has claimed that the former police officer has uploaded three snaps to Tinder, in screenshots exclusively obtained by the publication. In place of a bio, Dan simply poses the question: “What is love?” READ MORE: 'Very worrying time' Piers Morgan on Queen's shock Covid diagnosis     One of the three pictures includes a topless Dan in an up-close selfie, while another sees him flexing his biceps in a black T-shirt and gazing into the camera. Dan met his ex, Rylan, through Big Brother back in 2013. After Dan was evicted from the Big Brother house six weeks into the series, Rylan was there to interview him as soon as he left the show. Dan married the Strictly: It Takes Two host three years after they first met, in 2015.     When their marriage broke down last June, Rylan stepped away from the spotlight for several months. The former Celebrity Big Brother winner released a statement at the time, in which he took some responsibility for the split. He said: “I have made a number of mistakes which I deeply regret and have inevitably led to the breakdown of our marriage. “I have taken time away from work as I am not in a good place at the moment and am seeking help.” READ MORE... Ruth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced [UPDATE] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [INSIGHT] Eamonn Holmes defends Rylan Clark over 'sickies' accusation [LATEST]      Back in October 2021, Rylan shared the hilarious story that he had been banned from Tinder. The former X Factor star was given the boot after the dating app apparently didn’t believe he was who he said he was. Rylan shared a screenshot of his phone at the time, which read: “Your account has been banned. Your Tinder profile has been banned for activity that violates our Terms of Use.” Rylan captioned the snap “Catfish”, with a crying laughing emoji.      Rylan was recently forced to take time off work after suffering from a mystery illness. Two weeks ago, the star was rushed to hospital for a second time after previously telling his followers he had the flu when he was forced to miss his BBC Radio 2 show. The presenter faced physical, as well as mental, health issues following his divorce last year, as he admitted to the Sun: “The honest truth is that it’s been s**t.” “I got ill and I lost weight, I went down to under ten stone — and I’m six feet four inches, so that’s not good,” he shared with the publication.   