When Zayn left One Direction on March 25, 2015 it was a huge blow to the fanbase, the Directioners. In the days that followed it was uncertain whether the band would continue without the young star, but before long the group's new album, Made in the AM, was announced - the first without Zayn. Shortly after, the band's first single was released without the star as well. On July 31, 2015 - just four months after Zayn's exit - One Direction released their first single from Made in the AM: Drag Me Down. The track was a smash hit that went straight to number one in the UK Singles Charts. And It also claimed the top spot in Ireland, France, Austria, Australia and New Zealand. Drag Me Down also marked the band's fourth and (what would be their) final number-one single. The lyrics could be interpreted to be pointed directly at Zayn's exit, however. Drag Me Down includes lyrics such as: "I've got fire for a heart / I'm not scared of the dark / You've never seen it look so easy." What's more, although the band hints at an ever-lasting love, the spearlike chorus bounces: "Nobody, nobody / Nobody can drag me down / Nobody, nobody / Nobody can drag me down." And, for the first time, this exact song is being played live by one of the band's former members: Louis Tomlinson. READ MORE: 'Good chance' One Direction reunion happening this year Louis is currently touring his debut album, Walls, around the world. His current leg of shows has him traversing the USA, and a few video clips have surfaced on Twitter showing the star smashing out the 1D hit. (WATCH ABOVE) This is likely one of the first times the star has performed in a couple of years, so it makes sense for him to want to sing a track that will get his fans' pulses racing. However, its significance in the One Direction timeline cannot be understated. DON'T MISS...'Good chance' One Direction reunion happening this year [NEWS]One Direction star recalled who came up with band's name [INFO]One Direction star reveals 'worst night of my life' - 'worst 1D show' [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, this has also spurred fans on to call for a reunion from the band. One Direction's latest odds on getting back together have shown a marked improvement over the last few months. Coral recently gave the band 4/5 odds on getting back together before the year is out. However, these odds hold some bad news for the fandom. These odds do not include Zayn Malik. Coral have placed his return at 2/1, meaning it is not likely at all. John Hill commented: "The boys have refused to rule out a reunion in the near future and our betting clearly suggests there is a good chance we will see One Direction back together before the year is out. Although this is positive news for 1D fans, a reunion is likely to be without Zayn Malik."