Lewis Hamilton has sent a touching message to his brother Nicolas ahead of the eagerly-anticipated 2022 F1 campaign. The seven-time world champion posted a photo of his sibling sitting in Mercedes’ new W13 car. In an upload to his Instagram account, Hamilton shared an image of himself alongside Nicolas who was seated inside the new vehicle, which was accompanied by a touching caption. The seven-time world champion wrote: “My brother has been with me every step of the way since the day he was born. “Few people have believed in me more than Nicolas. “I’m so grateful for the blessing he is in my life and so happy to have shared this moment with him. Our smiles.” JUST IN: Christian Horner warns Max Verstappen of 'dark horse' in Lewis Hamilton fight  This comes following a tough two months for the Mercedes man, after he was controversially denied a record eighth world title at last December’s Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Following the chaotic finish in which Max Verstappen capitalised on a contentious safety car call from race director Michael Masi, Hamilton remained silent in the public eye until earlier this month. His radio silence alongside comments from his Mercedes boss Toto Wolff, who revealed Hamilton had been left ‘disillusioned’ with the sport, led many to believe the seven-time world champion was contemplating retirement. However, following his return to the Silver Arrows’ HQ recently, and the reveal of their new car, it seems the Englishman is ready and raring to return in 2022. DON'T MISSHow Michael Masi reacted to FIA axe as 'personal friend' relays private text messageFIA respond to claims that Mario Andretti's son has applied to enter new F1 teamRacing driver fined £17k for 'urinating behind a post' during red flag break  Hamilton spoke to the world’s media for the first time since the Abu Dhabi race at Mercedes’ launch of the W13 at Silverstone last week. Whilst he is of course back to race for the new campaign, he did admit that he had to take a ‘step back’ from the sport following the end of season chaos. He said: “It was obviously a difficult time for me. I just unplugged, switched off. I had my whole family around me, a rare occasion when we were all together’’ “It took time to digest what happened and it is still difficult to fully understand everything. But what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger…  “I never said I was going to stop. But it was a difficult time for me and I really needed to step back. “At the end of any season, the question is whether you are willing to commit the time and effort that it takes to be a world champion. A lot of people underestimate what it takes to be a world champion. “Do you want to sacrifice the time? That is a normal mental process for me but this one was compounded by a significant factor. And a sport I have loved my whole life… there was a moment where I lost a little bit of faith. "But I am a determined person and I like to think that while moments like this might define other people's careers I refuse to let this define mine.” 