Leeds boss Jesse Marsch has outlined three key similarities between him and Marcelo Bielsa that he feels will ease the transition from the Argentine’s coaching to his own. Marsch was confirmed as the new Leeds head coach on Monday, replacing the popular Bielsa.   Leeds parted company with Bielsa on Sunday following a poor run of form, culminated by Saturday’s 4-0 thrashing by Tottenham. They had recently been thumped 6-0 by Liverpool and been beaten 4-2 by rivals Manchester United. The Whites apparently had Marsch lined up to replace Bielsa but ideally wanted to make the switch in the summer when the 66-year-old’s contract ended. But they instead acted quickly to ensure their Premier League status can be saved with 12 games remaining.   JUST IN: Arsenal announce £107.3m hit as 'unclear' agreement may spell trouble Marsch is expecting a seamless transition from Bielsa’s unique, all-action style and has pinpointed three areas where he feels he is similar to the former Athletic Bilbao boss. The American insists his teams are aggressive, intense and run similar distances to the Leeds side under Bielsa. However, the former RB Leipzig and RB Salzburg head coach does not adopt the same man-to-man system that was used – and criticised by pundits – under Bielsa. “My respect for Marcelo Bielsa is massive. I’ve watched him for years. He has such a unique playing style and has a lot of the things I believe in, in football,” Marsch told Sky Sports. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “My principles are similar to the things that he believes and does. I have followed very popular managers almost everywhere I have gone – there are challenges to that. “For me, this is about focusing on who I am, what I believe the job takes, and what I think is necessary for the team. “I have a lot of similarities to the playing style of Marcelo Bielsa, in terms of the aggressiveness, the intensity and the run performances. “I’m not man-to-man, I’m more zonal or ball-orientated. With the ball, I have a few other tactical ideas. “Transforming the group, because of the way they think and act on the field, won’t be a huge transfer [from Bielsa]. It will only require little adjustments.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd hero Ferdinand tells rivals to expose Harry Maguire 'problem'Chelsea crisis as Abramovich faces rethink with 'two trustees' concernArsenal icon '100 per cent' sure over Mikel Arteta's next captain “My mentality is all about the group, maximising the people. These are young men – they want to succeed and they want to achieve. “They want to be part of something special and it’s my job to help and direct the energy to realise how we can do that together. “That’s what I love about football – it’s the chance to work on things on a daily basis and then, come every weekend, we have a chance to put it all out there under the big lights.” Marsch’s first game in charge will be Leeds’ visit to Leicester on Saturday. He will then make his Elland Road debut against Aston Villa on March 10.   