Lauren is behind renovation account The Cubbyhole. Here she posts her home and interiors to almost 30k followers. Express.co.uk asked the renovator her favourite before and after transformation in the home. Lauren said the kitchen space is her favourite part of the home. She said: "Our kitchen transformation is the biggest transformation so far on our renovation journey. "I honestly have to pinch myself. I can’t believe that it’s mine. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon's £384 black toilet is a huge trend - how to recreate it at home for £22 "I’ve always dreamt of designing and planning a kitchen from scratch so I was in my element." Lauren told Express.co.uk: "Our kitchen inclusive of our pantry cupboard and utility cupboard was the biggest project and the part of the home we opened up the most. "When we first moved in, we had a galley kitchen and our dining space was in our living room so we opened up the whole back of the house (with the added extension). "Now it's a huge entertaining space which was exactly what we wanted." DON'T MISS'Wouldn’t believe it’s the same space': DIY renovation wows fans [PICTURES] Living room transformation with 'perfect shade' of paint [DIY] DIY enthusiast's 'biggest mistake' during renovation [SHOCK] Fans were quick to comment on the space. One said: "Such a beautiful kitchen!" "I bet you absolutely love your new kitchen," another said. "Love the flooring," one fan said, another wrote, "Your kitchen is beautiful." "Wow love your kitchen," one wrote, while another commented, "Gorgeous kitchen." The renovator discussed how she made a huge saving on her kitchen. Lauren told Expressco.uk how she save £3,000 by using an independent company. Lauren said the kitchen counters were the biggest bargain of her entire renovation. She and her partner used Prestige Granite & Quartz worktops, a Brentwood-based company using natural stone or quartz for its counters. The renovator said: "My advice to anyone thinking of doing a kitchen renovation would be, to shop around. "Even if you use a big known brand for your cupboards and appliances. "When it comes to worktops, they add a huge mark up on quartz and granite worktops. "Cut out the middle man and go straight to the supplier."