Valentine’s Day is coming up and there’s no better occasion to treat your loved ones to a spa break. Indulge in massages, facials and eat delectable treats with delicious afternoon teas and lunches at beautiful hotels. With locations all across the UK, pick a new destinations or travel somewhere nearby. If you’re in need of some relaxation, pick full body massages or facials and it’s the perfect type of experience to share with a loved one Plus, there are several different spa experiences available for every budget, so there’s no need to scrimp on pampering. Unwind, relax and feel loved this Valentine’s Day, and here are the best spa breaks to book this year. READ MORE: Best romantic Valentine's Day dining experiences to book and meals to make at home 5 best hotels in Paris to book for Valentine’s Day 8 best Valentine's Day staycations in London 2022 Bannatyne Spa Day - Three Treatments and Spa Access If you’re in need of some relaxation, pick full body massages or facials and it’s the perfect type of experience to share with a loved one If you want to treat yourself to a spa experience, book this experience at Bannatyne Spa which includes a soothing facial, Express Swedish back massage and scalp massage or Swedish leg and hand massage or arm massage. There are over 47 Banntyne Spa locations to pick from and with facilities that include swimming pools, jacuzzis and treatment rooms, it’s a great pick if you want to enjoy a bit of TLC whether it’s by yourself or with others. Book at Wowcher. (From £39 up) Unwind at relax with a Moroccan Hammam spa day which is perfect for when you want to get away from the hustle of the city. The Hammam Spa offers four treatments that include a body peel, herbal steam, Gasoul body mask and more and you’ll walk out feeling relaxed and energised. Book at Wowcher (From £39 up) If you’re looking to enjoy a break during the week, book a spa break at QHotels Collection and enjoy 80 minutes of spa treatments that include an Elemis full body deep tissue massage, Elemis wellbeing massage or Elemis personalised facial and an express treatment. Perfect to enjoy with a friend or your partner, there are plenty of beautiful hotels to pick from and the day includes a light lunch with a glass of fizz. Book at Red Letter Days. (£188)  If you’re looking for a relaxing countryside escape, enjoy a stay with your loved one at Greenwood Hotel and Spa and relax with a 20-minute treatments, delicious three-course meals at Ellis’ Restaurant, while enjoying the spa’s many amenities like swimming pool and sauna. Ideal for couples, choose between a cleansing facial or relaxing scalp massage and feel instantly relaxed. Book at Red Letter Days (£249 all inclusive) Oxford is the perfect destination for couples to visit and with this experience, they can enjoy a getaway at The Oxfordshire Hotel & Spa with a 25 minute treatment, three-course dinner and full use of spa facilities including a pool and jacquzzi. In addition, Virgin Red members can earn 10 points for every £1 they spend on experiences, so existing Virgin Red members can use their VR points to book – find out more here. Buy at Virgin Experience Days (£238) Relax in the beautiful British seaside and stay at The Grove in North Norfolk with your loved one. With beaches around the corner, this stay includes a relaxing 45 minute treatment, three-course dinner with breakfast and a stay in a superior room with a bottle of fizz. Book at Red Letter Days (£249 all inclusive) Enjoy a spa day at the Rena Spa in Leonardo Royal Hotels and pick from several locations across the UK including London and Manchester. Choose to enjoy everything from a spa day with a couples massage, facials with Caudalie products, manicures and each spa has beautiful pools, jacuzzi, steam rooms and more which is perfect to unwind. Book at Leonardo Royal Hotel (£60 up for spa days) Spa Seekers Voucher Flexible and a great option if you want to gift your loved one a relaxing experience, buy a spa gift voucher from Spa Seekers and pick pamper days that include massages and facials that can be used nationwide on weekdays. Or choose to give your own amount so your loved ones can redeem a personalised spa experience. Buy at Spa Seekers. (From £25 up)