Dirty windows can cause all sorts of problems, including blocking light into the home. It is recommended they are cleaned at least once a year to help avoid get rid of any dirt which can cause scratches and even cracks. Mrs Hinch fans took to social media to share their top cleaning tips, including using tea. Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram several years ago after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million followers, fans of the sensation share their own finds on dedicated cleaning pages. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips page, Avril Curtis wrote: “I’ve just cleaned my windows with vinegar cleaner and they look worse than before I cleaned them. “They’re all smeary and cloudy, what is the best cloth to use?” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Cleaning enthusiasts shared their top tips in the comments, including using black tea. Lizzie Mcmillan wrote: “Cold black tea and kitchen roll.” Julie Cordelia said: “Try black tea and use a tea towel.” The acid which appears in tea, tannic acid, acts as a cleaning agent to dissolve grease and dirt. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share tips to clean washing machine with baking soda [COMMENT]Lawn care: How to bring your grass ‘back to life’ in time for spring [EXPERT]‘Great time’ to start protecting the garden from slugs [EXPLAINER] Other group members recommended using white vinegar with a dedicated glass cleaning cloth. Michelle Cairns commented: “Half white vinegar, half warm water in a spray. Then go over with a microfibre cloth and buff it, mine came up sparkling.” Sheila Kirby said: “I use the Minky green cloth for glass, no smears.” Alison Rill wrote: “The green big cloth by Minky is the best, no smears at all.” The Minky M Cloth Glass and Window is made from millions of tightly woven high density fibres, which help to quickly remove dirt and grease from windows and other glass objects such as mirrors. Available in various retailers for around £3, the large cloth makes it super easy to clean large spaces, perfect for windows. What’s more, it works by just using water, with no cleaning products needed. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using newspaper to buff the windows clean. Glenys Mortley commented: “I use newspaper, lovely finish.” Jane Virabi said: “Newspaper works good. Rinse with hot water after cleaning all the dirt off with the vinegar.” Newspapers are extremely absorbent which makes them ideal for cleaning windows. It also doesn’t leave any fibres on the windows, which often happens when using a microfibre cloth. Jessica Jones wrote: “Using a newspaper is genius, so old school because my mum used to do it, works a treat.”