The dating reality show Love is Blind with a twist is only days away from concluding, and fans have been invested in Natalie Lee and Shayne Jansen's relationship. However, it might not have always been those two who ended up together after the show's creator dropped a bombshell. The second instalment of the passionate show aims to help 30 hopefuls find love not based on appearances but on an emotional and intellectual connection. Filmed in Chicago, American TV personalities Nick and Vanessa Lachey host the show. With Natalie and Shayne engaged, show creator Chris Coelen revealed that another contestant proposed to her, but the scene never made it into the final edit. He said: "There were people who you see on the show who were really significantly interested in other people. Read More:Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? "There was another guy who – very, very early on – was really interested in Natalie and basically proposed to her." If she had yes to the first proposal, who knows if they would have been as happy as she is at present and if Shayne would have found love at all. Talking to the Metro, he continued: "It was very out of the blue, but he just felt like he knew, and she was like, 'This is just weird.' "She didn't have any deep feelings for him, but he had developed very significant feelings for her. Anyway, she said no, and he left, and that was that." The ten-episode series premiered in January and has released episodes in batches, with the final episode landing on February 25. The producer gave fans a little sneak peek behind-the-scenes, explaining: "You only have so much bandwidth within a show, and I think it's a fascinating story, but because we're focused on more of her story… I think for her it was less significant. "It was like, 'Why is this guy doing this?' versus 'Oh my god, I really have serious feelings for him.' "He had serious feelings for her; she was like, 'No, I'm not interested in this guy.' To tell that story properly would have taken up a lot of time that we didn't have." DON’T MISS… Jane McDonald second husband: Why did cruising star split from Henrik Brixen?[LATEST] ‘She made the right choice’ Call the Midwife boss opens up on beloved character's exit [LATEST] Death in Paradise's Neville Parker's exit sealed in Florence reunion twist? [LATEST] A few days ago, reformed bachelor Shayne posted a cryptic caption along with a photo with his fiancée on social media, which has got fans of the show wondering what the last episode has in store. Sharing four images with his 85,000 Instagram followers, he said: "To say I had a crazy week is an understatement! "As I reflect back on the pods and my time in Mexico, I made some great connections and lifelong friends. "I want to make sure everyone knows that Natalie is an incredible woman with a huge heart and I hope everyone stays tuned to see how it all unfolds! I wouldn't trade my time on this wild ride for anything."  Viewer Carol Chen commented: "@tianyijoezhu and I fast-forwarded and only watched the parts you were in." @esiforiwaaa added: "I am so sorry for judging you so quickly in the beginning of this, but I think you are the real deal and you and Natalie will make it!" Natalie herself commented on the post with a red heart emoji which received over 1000 likes and a hundred and six comments with fans asking what is going on with the pair and if they are still together. Love is Blind season 2 concludes on Friday, February 25, on Netflix. 