Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is not allowing himself to get excited about the prospect of challenging Manchester City for the Premier League title again this season despite the fact his side moved within three points of the champions with a 6-0 Anfield thrashing of Leeds United on Wednesday night. Liverpool and leaders City, who have won the past four titles between them, are split by just one win having both played 26 matches. The Reds, who remain unbeaten across all competitions in 2022, cranked up the pressure on City with a rout of hapless Leeds on Merseyside. Mohamed Salah scored two penalties either side of Joel Matip's goal to put the Merseyside club in full control at half-time. It took until the 80th minute for Sadio Mane to extend the hosts' lead before the Senegalese scored again in stoppage time, with Virgil van Dijk adding a late sixth. Klopp's side have now won nine in a row across the league and the cups but the German, who leads his side into the Carabao Cup final against Chelsea this Sunday, is staying relaxed about tussling Pep Guardiola's City for the title. He said to Premier League Productions post-match: "I'm not excited but I think it's normal after a night like this that people get carried away a little bit, that's completely fine. "But there's already Sunday looming around the corner. We have to be 100 per cent ready for that and all the rest. "Then we play cup again. The next league game is 10 days away. City are playing a league game in that time for sure. So it's how it is. "We have to win our football games, if we do that we'll be around, if we don't, there's no title race. If we do it, then maybe." He added of Liverpool's six-goal thrashing of relegation-threatened Leeds: "In the end it went pretty smoothly. It was really hard work because they made it hard work. "We had to find our way into the game and calm down our possession. It's really tricky if you play against a man-marking side. You tend to feel pressure where no pressure is. "When the game becomes hectic, they are really good. Our own defending we were man-marking situations too which we never do. That gave them a little bit of space. "We were lucky in the moment, not lucky because it was offside, that showed the goal they scored when they were offside what they are capable of doing. "We had to be fully concentrated and we were. In the end it's a clear result and a wonderful night." Salah made it 27 goals and 10 assists for the season in just 31 games after his Leeds double while Mane's brace improves his total to 13 league goals. The Reds have the three highest scorers in England's top flight with Diogo Jota, absent here due to injury, on 12 goals in the league and 17 across all competitions. Klopp added: "What can I say? There might be some people out there who think penalties should not count or whatever [to a player's goal total]. But you want 100 per cent the right person on the spot to put it away. MORE FOOTBALL NEWS...Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick slams players with Anthony Elanga messageChelsea given Club World Cup badge honour Liverpool and Man Utd were deniedMan Utd player ratings as Maguire, Ronaldo toil vs Atletico "That's what Mo did and on top of that played a really, really good game. He was incredibly difficult to defend for them. "Sadio's game was one of his best probably, the way he interpreted the role, playing in the centre [of the front three]. How he got away from his opponent and opened up gaps for us with that - absolutely insane. "You'd expect a centre-half goal to be a set-piece! Joel, I think it was the away game [vs Leeds] where he had a similar situation and he passed to Trent and Mo finished it off. This time he was in that spot. "In the end, top game, top for the people. We're obviously in a really good shape. A wonderful night at Anfield. They had good spells, Leeds, but in the end it's really difficult to play the way they played for 90 minutes against an opponent like us. "There's one moment where we get away and then we're in front of goal. That's what the boys used tonight pretty well."