Bradley Walsh welcomed four players, named Alan, Tom, Paawan and Amanda, onto Monday's episode of the ITV show. Despite each player raising a substantial amount in each of their cash builder rounds, Alan was the only contestant to make it through to the final. Viewers were left on the edge of their seats during the high-pressure showdown and before calling Alan a "hero" following his victory against the 51-year-old Chaser. Amanda, who was the first contestant to play on Monday's episode, managed to win £8,000 in her cash builder round which Bradley commended her for. She soon discovered she would be playing the next round against Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha. Although she got off to a good start, the primary school teacher soon found herself in hot water when she ran out of time to answer a question. She continued answering questions incorrectly and later lost against the Chaser. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute Alan, from Wales, was the second contestant to play and he raised an impressive £9,000 in his cash builder round. He decided to play against The Sinnerman for £9,000 following the advice of his teammates. After a tough round of questions, Alan managed to beat the Chaser and made it into the final. "A brilliant performance from Alan," Bradley exclaimed following his victory.  Paawan raised £6,000 in her opening round and was offered to play for £1,000, £6,000 or £45,000 by The Sinnerman. Her teammates encouraged her to play for £6,000 and she agreed with them which the Chaser said was a "sensible" move. However, Paawan ended up being caught by The Sinnerman after getting a tennis question wrong. The last contestant to go against the Chaser was Tom who was playing for £7,000. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEO RY]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [INTERVIEW]'Very rude' BBC Breakfast star horrified by co-star's appearance jibe [MUST SEE]  However, Tom was quickly beaten by The Sinnerman which meant Alan would be facing him alone in the final. Alan successfully answered 18 questions correctly and he was in luck as The Chaser incorrectly answered a variety of questions. After pushing back The Sinnerman multiple times, the klaxon went off and Alan was declared the winner by Bradley. Bradley was thrilled for Alan who told the host he would be spending his well deserved £9,000 on a cruise with his partner.  Viewers were overjoyed by Alan's victory, with Cait tweeting: "Legit crying for Alan. Look at his little face, yes, yes yes." Luke added: "Well done Alan! Hero. Properly deserves every penny of that nine grand. What a performance." Ahmed M Osman remarked: "Congratulations, Alan! That was tense." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 