Russian President, Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine despite threats of sanctions from global political leaders. On Putin's orders, Russian military forces have dropped missiles from the sky onto Ukrainians and pushed Russian forces across the border into Ukraine. Although Mr Putin's actions have been condemned, this has not stopped him in his tracks. There have been reports of violent bloodshed, as crimes committed by Russian military personnel are carried out. Shocking footage of a Russian military tank swerving purposely on a Ukrainian road to hit and crush a Ukrainian civilian car driving alongside the opposite side of the road has been captured. The heart-rendering video footage has been circulating the net. The tank is a Russian Strela, and the video clip although filmed at a considerable distance clearly shows the tank colliding with the car. During the clip you can see the mighty Russian tank swerve close to the black civilian car, trying to flatten it. From the footage shown, you can see no provocation from the black Ukrainian civilian car, and there is yet to be a reason given by Russian state officials as to why Russian troops took such action on innocent civilians. JUST IN: Putin's WARNING to the West: Interfere and you will face wrath greater than any in history Luckily the occupant of the car, who has been identified as an elderly Ukrainian man was saved by a team of local men. The local civilians came to rescue the man from the mutilated metal wreckage. The post was shared online by a democratic politician, Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya Ms Tsikhanouskaya said: "In Ukraine, a Russian tank had driven over the civilian car. Terrifying footage. My thoughts are with the people of Ukraine." READ MORE:'Point of no return' – Terrifying meaning of 'Z' symbol emblazoned on Russian tanks Social media users took to Twitter to share reports of Russian tanks bulldozing their way down Ukrainian roads. @Nolanwpeterson said: "First light now showing in Kyiv. Long night of missile strikes, civilians seeking safety in bomb shelters. Reports of Russian tanks advancing on the city as Ukrainian forces fiercely resist. A European capital under siege in 2022. Not sure what else to say." @Lapatina said: "Eight years of deep concerns later, there are Russian tanks in my country." @Frankaviacorka said: "A Ukrainian senior man in a car hit by a Russian tank survived!" @Xena said: "The elderly man whose car was run over by a Russian tank earlier, is ALIVE!" In the House of Commons, Bob Stewart asked Prime Minister questions about President Putin coming war crimes on the Ukrainian people. The Conservative MP for Beckenham said: "Could I ask Mr Johnson and the House to agree with me that any Russian who kills a Ukrainian must remember that one day they may well be brought to court for crimes against humanity or genocide?" Mr Johnson said: "Yes, and not just any Russian combatant but anyone who sends a Russian into battle to kill innocent Ukrainians. "one of the most fascinating things about what Putin is doing is how close an analogy there is between his actions and those of Slobodan Milosevic. "Exactly the same nonsense being peddled about the mystical union between Kosovo and Belgrade, between Kyiv and Moscow, exactly the same aggression, and remember that Slobodan Milosevic died on trial."  