Large cruise ships will often have thousands of passengers onboard. Unfortunately, that means there’s likely to be a couple of nightmare fellow guests. On Reddit, one passenger said: “This is gross. Cruise ships tell you to wash your hands constantly and use the hand sanitizers. “Makes sense. You’re stuck on a boat full of other humans so everyone should make an effort to be clean. “I was washing my hands in the passenger washroom outside of the dining room while another passenger was doing his business. “I looked up from the mirror and since I was occupying the sink, he just wiped his hands on his trousers and walked out. READ MORE: Beautiful town will pay people £4,200 to move there “As I walked out right behind him, I saw him put his hands on everything as if he was doing it on purpose.” Stomach bugs can spread quickly on cruises due to the amount of passengers so it’s definitely a bad idea not to use soap. Since Covid, many cruise ships have introduced additional hygiene measures to ensure passenger safety. Another commenter shared that they had also had a bad experience with a passenger at the ship’s buffet. They said: “My favourite buffet experience was seeing a woman grab the whole tray of hash browns (easily 30 in there) and put it on her plate. “I stood there in amazement and honestly speechless watching her, but thankfully my wife said there is no way you are going to eat all those. She also said ‘it’s unfair for the huge line behind you if you take the whole thing’. "The woman pushed half back in and said it was for her family. No one needs that many hash browns. Those things are not tiny.” The buffet is often the source of cruise drama and while hash browns are a popular item, it’s probably best not to take the whole tray. Customers can return to the buffet as many times as they’d like on most cruise lines so there’s no need to stock up. Another passenger said: “I took a really last minute cruise once where we always ended up around this one particular couple around our age (20-30) and they were literally never happy. “Always complaining about everything, loudly. Hated the food, even though they only wanted to eat nuggets and fries. “Got super drunk, missed their excursion and then were p* about that, blaming everyone else for their mistake. “It was a super bummer to always have to be around them and their toxic attitude. “What's best is I’m pretty sure it was their honeymoon! From my point of view I paid $99 (£73) for a four night cruise with even tip added and booze is a ridiculously low amount to spend for a room and board, so any service I got was amazing.”