Steve Coogan, 56, joined The One Show presenters Alex Jones, 44, and Harry Judd, 36, on the BBC programme where the British comic addressed his new move, The Alan Partridge Stratagem Live Tour, which kicks off in April. The on-screen star, who is known for his funny quips as the legendary character Alan Partridge, admitted he often "puts his foot in his mouth". The TV star, who has portrayed Alan on and off since he was 26, admitted that his character's off-the-cuff remarks could see him being "cancelled" as the trio discussed cancel culture. Speaking about his upcoming tour, the BBC presenters probed Steve about his role as Alan. It comes as McFly star Harry joked that he faced being "cancelled" as he revealed the subjects that would be covered during the stage tour. When quizzed about the tour, the British comic replied: "It will all be presented by Alan [Partridge]. READ MORE: Ned Eisenberg dead: Law and Order star dies aged 65 "He will be behaving like a lifestyle guru who will help the audience to solve their problems. "Anyone who has any personal problems or they've got psychological phobias I will guide them through that, talk them through that. "Give them the benefit of his wisdom and the knowledge that he has accumulated over the years." Steve continued: "He will also be approaching modern issues. New protocols.   "All of those controversial issues like gender politics, gender identity, the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement." Alex interjected: "Oh no..." "All of the important issues will be tackled," Steve assured. Harry commented: "I have a feeling that Alan might be getting cancelled sometime soon?" DON'T MISS... Strictly's Karen Hauer reacts as former co-star arrested in Ukraine[LATEST]Naga Munchetty forced to address concern after sharing odd cat snap[INSTAGRAM]Jack Whitehall's partner Roxy Horner rushed to hospital[HEALTH] Steve replied: "If anyone wants to cancel Alan they ought to come to the show. It's the perfect opportunity. "We were thinking of cancelling him halfway through the show." Alex asked: "You say that this is to educate and to entertain on the poster. Are these the lessons that we're going to be hearing about or is the lessons that Alan has learned?" The comedian claimed that there are jokes Alan could say but if he said it as Steve he would most likely be "cancelled". Steve commented: "The one thing about Alan is that you can put your foot in your mouth and that's the point. "There are things I say as Alan that I can't say as me because I would be cancelled. "But with Alan, his life is just one big cancellation. But even when I say something particularly offensive the joke is always on Alan." He added: "My rule is always punch up not down." The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm.