The country is the victim of a global surge in energy costs but he has come up with measures intended to prevent the devastation of household finances. Energy bills are expected to soar by £693 from April to an average of nearly £2,000. Mr Sunak has come up with a £200 discount on electricity bills which will have to be repaid in installments from 2023, plus a £150 council tax rebate for those in homes in bands A to D.  The cost of energy has long been a major concern but this escalation in prices is as astonishing as it is worrying. The 54 percent increase in the energy price cap comes as the Bank of England lifts interest rates from 0.25 percent to 0.5 percent in a bid to stamp down inflation. There are warnings that wages are not growing fast enough to make up for the increase in prices, and it is feared inflation will hit 7.25 percent in April. It was wishful thinking to imagine high inflation would never plague this nation again. Many of Mr Sunak’s predecessors burned the midnight oil battling this threat. He has very little spare cash at his disposal that he can use to shield people from its worst effects. His action to address the hike in energy prices is an example of the type of creative, measured and targeted support that is needed. He has limited options, and people may feel they the same way this winter as they burn ever-more expensive energy to heat and light their homes and the cost of the weekly shop climbs. The Chancellor is trying to steady a ship in the throes of an epic storm. Once again, he has more than risen to the challenge.  BORIS Johnson and his team should seriously consider granting a new bank holiday to honour the Queen’s life of remarkable public service. A campaign is under way to create a “Thank Holiday” to salute her devotion to duty throughout the seven decades of her reign and acknowledge the sacrifices of so many during the pandemic. England and Wales have just eight bank holidays a year. This is pitifully low compared to European counterparts including Belgium, whose citizens enjoy 14 such days. During lockdown we were reminded of our dependence on key workers and the importance of good neighbours. This is a chance to take inspiration from our exceptional Queen and celebrate the everyday heroes of our communities.