John Craven, 81, has spoken up about his health issues which have been a predominant part of life for the star in the last 40 years. John said that he has had trouble with his eyesight in particular as it started to become blurred after he turned 40. He then added that his hearing started to fail as he approached and got into his 60s. The presenter spoke about his initial worries that people would comment on his glasses. He said, speaking to Daily Mail in January, that his health had generally been very good up until that point. John said: “At first, I worried what people would say about my wearing spectacles on TV but there wasn’t a single comment. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years “Then, in my 60s, my hearing began to fail. “I couldn’t make out conversations in crowded places, the sounds of nature became muffled and ‘say it again’ started to become a common response.” He also spoke about making the most of luck in life. John said that as a reporter he found his first role in a BBC One children’s programme. He said that he got the job which led to John Craven’s Newsround in 1972. John then found a job as presenter of rural affairs show Countryfile. He then went on to say that as well as his marriage, he was very grateful for having good luck in the way of health. John is currently an ambassador for Specsavers, encouraging others to get their hearing checked. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] According to Specsavers, it takes on average 10 years before people decide to get their hearing checked. Around 56 per cent of people admit feeling a stigma around hearing aids. John spoke to the Independent in September 2021 about the experience of having hearing aids and how he decided to work with Specsavers. He added that he had up to 15 years of experience with them. The star said: “It all started around 15 years ago, when I began to realise I was struggling to hear certain voices and sounds. “I thought people were mumbling when they weren’t. ‘Say again please’ became too common a response to family, friends and colleagues, and in crowded rooms it was hard to follow conversations. “I used to kid myself I’d developed ‘selective hearing’, but the truth was I was becoming a little deaf. “Eventually, I confronted the fact I needed help, went for a free test at Specsavers, and my world changed.”