There is a triumph for vaccinated Britons today, as Portugal becomes the latest destination to scrap costly testing requirements for those who can prove they are up-to-date on their jabs. However, not everyone is eligible under new rules, with testing requirements remaining firm for those who have not been vaccinated. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) has provided new travel advice for people hoping to visit the country in the coming months. The FCDO states: “If you’re fully vaccinated, you can enter mainland Portugal, Madeira and Porto Santo without needing to test.” To qualify under the fully vaccinated rules, you must have proof of vaccination with a full course of a vaccine approved by the European Medicines Agency. Currently, these include Pfizer, Johnson and Johnson, AstraZeneca, Moderna and Novavax. Portugal will accept the NHS Covid pass as evidence of vaccination. This must be presented when you check-in for your flight. READ MORE: Horror as British tourists face huge price rise in Spain The FCDO warns: "If you’re fully vaccinated and your airline allows you to travel to mainland Portugal without proof of your vaccination status, you will be denied entry on arrival unless you’re legally resident." There are also strict stipulations as to whether a person can be classed as "fully vaccinated". The FCDO explains: "You must have completed the course at least 14 days and no more than 270 days before you arrive. "If you were vaccinated with a two-dose vaccine or a combination of vaccines, you must have had both doses before you travel. DON'T MISSBritons in Benidorm share tips for visiting Spain - 'made it our own' [INTERVIEW]Spain chaos: Thousands of cancellations due to ‘ridiculous’ rules [COMMENT]Inside the biggest cruise ship in the world [PICTURES] "If you had an approved one-dose vaccine, you will be considered fully vaccinated. "If you caught COVID-19 after just one dose of a two-dose vaccine, you will be considered fully vaccinated provided your vaccination certificate shows that you have completed your vaccination course after the administration of just one dose of the vaccine." Before travelling, all passengers must fill out an online health control form. Unvaccinated Britons are still subject to testing rules ahead of their journey to Portugal. Passengers will need to show either evidence of a negative PCR test taken no more than 72 hours before entry, or a negative lateral flow test taken no more than 24 hours before entry. The FCDO states: "Make sure your test is carried out by a trained healthcare professional. Self-administered tests are not acceptable. "If you take a rapid lateral flow test, check it meets the standards set out in the EU common list of Rapid Antigen Tests." NHS testing services should also not be used in order to facilitate travel. The FCDO adds: "If you’re not fully vaccinated and your airline allows you to travel to Madeira or Porto Santo without a negative test, you will have to take a test at the airport on arrival and self-isolate until you get the results." Just like vaccinated passengers, those who are not vaccinated must also fill out an online health control form before departure.