The UK’s leading dementia charities said the Government’s new "Living with Covid" plan fails to protect people living with dementia and their loved ones. Alzheimer's Society said the lifting of all COVID-19 restrictions on Thursday, March 24, including the need to self-isolate after a positive test, raised “serious concerns about how people with dementia can safely re-enter society.” Under the new restrictions, isolation requirements have been scrapped as have face masks and advice to work from home. Free testing will also end on April 1. Despite the Government having said that free tests will still be available to the “most vulnerable” people they have not clarified who will be covered, raising concerns that people with dementia will be left behind. James White, Head of Public Affairs and Campaigns at Alzheimer’s Society, told Express.co.uk that the Government’s plan fails to prioritise the 900,000 people in the UK living with dementia who he said have been consistently overlooked since the start of the pandemic. He said: “We just don't think that it's adequate in terms of the consideration that's been given to people affected by dementia. “Throughout the course of the past few years, we have been concerned that changes have been announced without sufficient regard to what matters to people affected by dementia. “Things like changes to requirements to isolate in relation to a positive test could well exacerbate feelings that people with dementia and their loved ones already have - this sense of isolation that's been very prevalent during the pandemic. “So if you don't feel that it's safe to be out and about because people are not required to isolate anymore then the impact on people's mental health can't be underestimated.” Mr White said Alzheimer Society’s biggest concern is the scrapping of free testing which has been vital to ensure people can visit their loved ones who have dementia in Britain’s care homes. READ MORE: NHS revolt as health workers disagree with Boris’ Covid rules overhaul He said that the charity has estimated that people could be forced to pay around £70 a month on tests to ensure they can visit their loved ones with dementia safely, although exact prices of tests have yet to be confirmed. Free testing has also helped care home staff go about their work and given many people with dementia a greater chance to have social interactions safely, which are vital to support their mental health and even slow down the rate the disease deteriorates. The vast majority of people in the UK’s care homes - 70 percent - have dementia. With coronavirus having already claimed the lives of 30,000 people living with dementia since the start of the pandemic, charities have warned of the dangers of potentially allowing the virus to spread in care homes unchecked. While care homes will understandably want to keep testing restrictions in place, Mr White said forcing people with dementia and their families to pay for tests is unfair. He said: “The fact that tests have been freely available has been very reassuring for people who would be visiting loved ones in care homes. “So we are very concerned that the requirement for people to effectively have to pay to go and see a loved one safely will have a very potentially dangerous impact. “We think it's very unfair on loved ones who often also provide much of the caring for the people they're going to visit at a time where it's well documented that the cost of living for all of us is increasing. “So to remove lateral flow tests from that group, in particular, seems to be a mistake and so we are urging the government to reconsider.” He also said the scrapping of self isolation rules would leave people living with dementia more exposed to the virus and at greater risk of falling ill. Paul Edwards, director of clinical services at Dementia UK, agreed that removing free testing not only endangered people with dementia but also placed an unfair financial burden on their loved ones. He told Express.co.uk: “The decision to restrict free testing for family members visiting relatives in care homes will have devastating impacts for people living with dementia. “We know social contact is vital for people with the condition, both for their physical and emotional wellbeing. “Families have already been kept apart throughout the pandemic, precious time with loved ones has been lost, with some unable to say goodbye before their relatives passed away. This cannot continue. “It is vital the Government reconsiders free testing for people visiting care homes, we cannot expect families to be able to shoulder the costs of tests, especially those from low-income backgrounds.” Dementia UK acknowledged that an end to restrictions could bring some positives for people living with the illness, particularly greater social interaction after prolonged periods of isolation and more easily accessible medical support. DON'T MISS:NHS to offer second Covid jabs at hundreds of schools before Easter [BREAKING]COVID-19: People with condition ‘at much higher risk of heart failure [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: ‘Nobel prize next!’ Sussex fans frenzy [LIVE] He said: “For family carers and people living with dementia, the easing of restrictions offers light at the end of a long tunnel in being able to bring loved ones back together. “Being able to touch or hug each other or share essential or special moments is so important for all our mental wellbeing. For families living with dementia, this is especially the case, given the effects of dementia on communication and understanding; physical and emotional contact can support in the relief and management of symptoms.” However, he noted that the Government’s plan failed to take into account the health concerns of thousands of people living with dementia, particularly in care homes. Mr Edwards said: “There is still a balance to be considered, and caution still remains around the safety of people with dementia in care homes and other settings, given the lack of guidance and support around testing. “It is vital the Government draws up a clear plan around how families with dementia can stay safe as we begin to transition to normality.” Mr White said it was frustrating that restrictions that have little impact on the everyday lives of much of the population but were potentially lifesaving for others were being scrapped seemingly without due consideration for the consequences. He said: “Some of the measures that have been removed maybe aren't particularly an imposition to some of us, but the impact that they will have on others that perhaps rely on those measures to keep them safe can't be underestimated. “So I think we have a sense of frustration that while we recognise that people want to get back to normal by removing some of the measures that have been in place, we could actually further impact on a group of people who've already been the worst hit.”  He added: “If you think about the huge numbers of people with dementia who very sadly lost their lives in the first wave it seems like we were at risk of compounding some of the challenges that people affected by dementia have found themselves facing over the course of the pandemic.” Both Alzheimer’s Society and Dementia UK are calling on the Government to clarify how people with dementia will be protected as restrictions are lifted and urged them to ensure they are included in free testing plans. Mr White also said Alzheimer’s Society was calling for the new booster plan announced for over 75s to be extended to anyone over the age of 65 living with dementia. Mr White said: “People affected by dementia are as keen as anybody else to live their lives like they want to. “There needs to be more consideration given to what's required for people affected by dementia to truly feel that they can re-enter society safely.” He added: “Most of us will know people affected by dementia, and are we really doing all we can and should be to give people the tools to live the lives that they want to lead?” The Department of Health and Social Care was contacted for comment. 