Drivers face a fixed penalty, with a £50 charge, for driving in a street which is operating the new scheme, during restricted times. Birmingham City Council announced the plans for its Car Free School Street scheme which allows children to commute safely to school. The order looks to restrict car traffic at each of the 17 sites at the beginning and end of the school day. It lasts for 18 months at which point it can be made permanent, amended or removed. The council said 80 percent of parents surveyed said they wanted the scheme to continue on their road. Birmingham City Council’s Travel Demand Manager, Peter Edwards said: “The continued expansion of car-free school streets across Birmingham is particularly beneficial to children. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique “I wholeheartedly support this development because it provides both immediate physical protection from motorised vehicles while also contributing to reducing pollution. “I am delighted to see Car Free School Streets gaining momentum throughout the city.” Permits will be issued to those residents whose access is affected by the road closure. Blue badge holders, emergency services and health visitors will be exempt. DON'T MISSDrivers delighted by new number plates with Union Jack [COMMENT]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT]DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [WARNING] Councillor Waseem Zaffar, cabinet member for transport and environment, praised the scheme, saying he was “delighted”. Identified streets around schools will become a Pedestrian and Cycle Zone for agreed times (of between 30 minutes and one hour) at the start and end of the school day. Signs at the entrance to the zone will inform people of these restrictions. Motor vehicles cannot drive in this zone between these times unless they have a permit. This comes as Birmingham City Council takes steps to improve road safety in the area, introducing a host of transport schemes. A number of traffic calming schemes have been launched, as well as vehicle activated speed signs in 20 wards across the city. Residents have complained about speeding in areas of the city, prompting the transport improvement schemes thanks to £1million of capital funding. Birmingham is not the only major city to impose a ban on cars in certain areas as Brussels is set to limit cars from its city centre from August. The Belgian capital is taking steps to limit traffic in the city centre and will rely on traffic loops, one-way streets and limited access zones, making it harder to transit through the centre. It is hoped that the free space will be used to build more green spaces as well as improving public transport and expanding infrastructure for cyclists. Last year, Brussels brought in a 30km per hour speed limit for the whole city.