Boxing Hall of Famer Wladimir Klitschko says he wants the world to learn lessons from how "deadly imperialism is" after Russian forces began their invasion of Ukraine. The former heavyweight world champion, who retired from the sport after being stopped by Anthony Joshua at Wembley in 2017, has signed up for war with his country as they bid to fight against Vladimir Putin's military operation. In a televised speech on Wednesday, Putin outlined Russia's intentions to demilitarise the country. He made it clear Russia did not want to gain control of Ukraine, despite carrying out attacks in multiple regions of the country. Klitschko, who has continued to show defiance throughout recent tensions, has made his feelings clear on the Russian aggression. "The world is watching how reckless and deadly imperialism is, not just for #Ukraine but the whole world," he said. "Let history be a lesson to not be repeated."  READ MORE: Benfica's Roman Yaremchuk booked after moving Ukraine Champions League goal celebration Earlier this month, Klitschko revealed he has signed up for Ukraine's reserve army. "When seeing my country is geopolitically struggling, so I'm right here," he said. "I can't stand here, so I won't. That's why I'm here and signed up to the territorial defence of the country and the city." His brother and fellow former heavyweight world champion Vitali is now Mayor of Kyiv. The 50-year-old has already ruled that Ukraine are not scared to reach for weapons if they feel threatened. He said: "Before our enemies make attack against Ukraine they have to think, we are strong, it will be a very painful price for everyone. "We hope our Ukrainian diplomates give all knowledge to stop this aggression in a diplomatic way. "If not, we have to take weapons in our hands and defend the country." Earlier this week, Wladimir declared his belief in his country's ability to remain strong during a testing time. He posted on Twitter: "Be sure: Ukraine is strong! It has a strong capital #Kyiv, strong cities, villages and a strong solid and united people who value above all their independence, sovereignty and peace in Europe. Its WILL to exist is infinite. Glory to Ukraine! Слава Україні!" He also retweeted a show of support from British Prime Minister Boris Johnson that read: "I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps. "President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. The UK and our allies will respond decisively."