Manchester United have been dealt a significant blow in their manager search as Mauricio Pochettino waits for the Real Madrid position, according to reports. It's also bad news for Tottenham Hotspur, who will be monitoring Pochettino in case Antonio Conte jumps ship in the coming months. United will look to replace interim manager Ralf Rangnick ahead of the 2022/23 season, and the Argentine has been touted as one of the favourites for the job. Meanwhile, Conte is increasingly growing frustrated by the lack of progression at Tottenham since he took the reins from Nuno Espirito Santo in November. And his outburst after Wednesday's 1-0 defeat at Burnley poured doubt over his future as Spurs head coach. But whilst Pochettino will be on both clubs' shortlists, he could soon be out of bounds. JUST IN: Man Utd tight-lipped on Aeroflot sponsorship despite Russia sanctions According to Sport, Manchester United are 'interested' in making Pochettino their permanent manager this summer. However, the 49-year-old has already turned the club down because he's waiting to become Real boss amid speculation over Carlo Ancelotti's future. Pochettino has been described as 'very attentive' to the project in the Spanish capital and understands the opportunity to enter the dugout could arrive if Ancelotti leaves. And his decision to hold out for the job will rule a major candidate out of the running to enter the Old Trafford hot seat. READ MORE: Liverpool icon Steve McManaman urges Barcelona starlet to wait This season, Ancelotti is somewhat under scrutiny at the Bernabeu, given Real's La Liga position. Los Blancos are at the top of the table, six points ahead of second-place Sevilla after 25 games. And if they continue their progress throughout the season run-in, they will lift their 35th league title after Atletico Madrid pipped them to the post last term. But the club's Copa del Rey quarter-finals exit to Athletic Club and 1-0 defeat to PSG in their Champions League last-16 first leg hasn't sat well with many fans. If Pochettino became unattainable this summer, it would leave the door open for United to go all-in on their pursuit of Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman is considered a leading candidate, alongside Pochettino and Spain manager Luis Enrique. His side has dazzled domestically and in Europe this season, and it could finally be time for him to make a long-speculated big move. His arrival would spark mass excitement among the fanbase at the start of what many will hope is a new era in M16. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.