A direct train from London took me to the mountains of the Lake District in just over three hours. While there, I explored two areas - staying at the Inn on the Square in the centre of Keswick, and the Inn on the Lake deep in the countryside of Ullswater. Arriving on a Friday night, it was a short drive to the first hotel to get settled in. Walking in, I was greeted by the soft and sleek furnishings of the recently refurbished hotel. Having never visited the area before, I felt right at home as the friendly staff members were quick to check me in and answer any questions I had. The hotel is situated in the town of Keswick and is directly off the high street. After putting my bags in the Town View Room, it was down to Brossen Steakhouse - the hotel's award-winning restaurant - for dinner. I enjoyed to the Dinner, Bed and Breakfast package which included a three course meal followed by hot drinks. Food can be chosen from a set menu or guests can have £35 towards something from the A La Carte menu. With so much choice on the set menu, however, I easily made my selections from there. I started with the Soup of the Day, which was carrot and coriander, followed by a portobello mushroom kiev. READ MORE: Won’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions My guest opted for the steak and assured me it lived up to the great reputation I had seen on various online reviews before my visit. After finishing the meal with a black coffee, it was through to the front bar for another drink. The bars offer a range of cocktails and an extensive list of spirits, wines and beers. I sipped on a classic, the Espresso Martini, which was freshly made and in a generous sized martini glass. The next morning, I woke up well-rested and headed back to the same restaurant for breakfast. Guests are immediately greeted by staff and offered coffee, a selection of teas and white or brown toast for the table. As well as a buffet stocked full of pastries, yogurt, cereals, fruit and juices, those dining can pick from a cooked menu. I ordered the full vegetarian Cumbrian breakfast and was given a plate filled with vegetarian sausages, beans, tomato, mushrooms and my personal favourite, the potato scone. Amendments can be made for anyone with different dietary requirements or preferences.  After a chat with the manager I was told there is usually a market right outside the hotel at the weekends. Unfortunately, on that particularly wet and windy Saturday, the market was not able to go ahead. I had a quick walk through town as I explored the area more. If being in the centre of town isn't for you, there are many other Lake District hotels in the thick of the walks and lakes. I continued the trip up North with a stay in one of these, the Inn on the Lake, located in Ullswater. I was tipped off by the name of the hotel that I would get views of the lake and they did not disappoint. I was lucky enough to enjoy more of these by checking into a Lake View room which had huge windows looking directly over the water with comfortable armchairs facing out. This is the same room which hosted Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William for an Afternoon Tea in 2019 so we were in great company. While there were lots of walks around the area to explore, the view from the hotel room made it difficult to leave. However, after pulling myself away from the window, it was time to see more of the surroundings. The manager recommended a selection of walks of varying lengths that we could take. This included a trip to Airo Force which was a short walk leading towards stunning views of waterfalls. So, armed with my thickest waterproofs, we drove to the area and gazed upon the impressive waterfalls. The more remote location and stunning surroundings of the hotel meant it was perfect for getting outside and reconnecting with nature. Returning to the hotel, it was time to dry off and get ready for dinner. I was also staying as a Dinner, Bed and Breakfast guest and dined in the award-winning Lake View restaurant. Here, I was able to pick from the main menu up to the value of £37. This was more than enough to cover three courses and hot drinks were also included in the package. I chose the leek and potato tartine for my main and when it arrived it looked almost too good to eat. After many minutes appreciating the presentation, I decided to tuck in and was happy to confirm it tasted as good as it looked. The hotel also had a bar which was modern yet cosy and it gives guests the chance to enjoy the views once more with lots of large windows. The fully stocked bar offered a selection of classic cocktails and, this time, I opted for a delicious margarita. After another good night's rest, I went down for breakfast where guests could pick from the buffet before ordering from a cooked menu. Luckily for me, the cooked menu was the same as the Inn on the Square so I was able to try more of the items - this time it was the vegetarian Eggs Benedict. After packing up, I was sad to check out of the hotel and leave the area but was treated to more jaw-dropping views on the drive back to the train station. While the visit was short, it was long enough to head back to the capital city feeling relaxed and refreshed. Inn on the Square is dog-friendly and includes the AA Rosette award-winning Brossen Steakhouse. B&B starts from £139.50. Facebook: @IOTSKeswick Instagram: @lakedistricthotels Inn on the Lake is a dog-friendly luxury hotel and popular wedding venue. It has two restaurants on site, including the 2AA Rosette award-winning Lake View Restaurant. B&B starts from £184.50. Facebook: @InnOnTheLakeUllswater Instagram: @lakedistricthotels