Cleaning guru Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became famous after posting clever cleaning tips and tricks online. The cleaning influencer now has over four million followers on Instagram alone. Inspired by the cleaning sensation, fans of hers have now created their own Facebook pages dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips. This includes how to clean microwaves. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her microwaves without using harsh chemicals. Clare Warner wrote: “Hi, how can I clean a microwave with dried food please without using chemicals?” Microwaves are often a highly used appliance in day-to-day life, and given their proximity to food, keeping them clean should be a top priority. However, the chore can be a daunting one, especially for those short on time. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould Fortunately, there is an “easy” way which Mrs Hinch fans say can get the job done in “two minutes”. As an added boost, the cleaning solution is also a rather low-cost option. According to most cleaning enthusiasts, all that’s needed is a lemon and water. The acidic fruits aren't costly as they can be picked up for just 14p at supermarkets such as Asda, but they pack a punch when it comes to cleaning. DON'T MISS: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [COMMENT]Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [EXPERT]Manchester: The £1 property, the doer-upper & the average [INSIGHT] Bonnie Anne said: “Fill a bowl with water and cut a lemon in half and squeeze the juice into the water, then pop the lemon in too. “Pop in the microwave for five minutes, then everything will wipe away and smell nice and fresh.” Lisa Flemming commented: “Put half a lemon in the microwave with water and it’ll wipe clean and have a lovely smell. “It’s so easy and only takes two minutes to clean.” Beth Flower-Jones wrote: “Put water in a bowl with a lemon cut in half for about five to 10 minutes and it will loosen the food and smell fresh.” Rachel Richmond suggested: “Add lemons to some water then put it in the microwave for two minutes. It should break the food down to wipe it off easily.” Jo Morris explained: “Cut a lemon in half and put in a small bowl of water and microwave until steaming. This will cut through all of the grease.” Lorraine Paton agreed: “Fill a bowl of water with slices of lemon in it. Heat for about four minutes. The lemon and steam will loosen any dried-on food.” For those who do not have fresh lemons they can always use lemon juice instead. Lyn Higgins suggested: “Lemon juice in a bowl with water and let it boil up in the microwave until there’s lots of steam, then wipe off.” Jo Jones-Williams wrote: “Put boiling water in a microwaveable bowl and add lemon juice. Run the microwave for five minutes and the stains will wipe off.” Brian Summer added: “Bowl of water and lemon juice. Heat hot until water turns to steam as this will soften the residue.” 