After the huge success of HBO’s The Flight Attendant, Kaley Cuoco will officially be reprising her role as Cassie Bowden in the second season. After the show’s renewal was announced in December 2020, Cuoco updated her eager fans and recently revealed filming had officially wrapped.  Talking to Instagram, the actress posted a photo of herself outside the Warner Bros studios alongside two videos. One of which she broke down in tears after it was announced filming had wrapped and another of her paying a heartfelt tribute to the cast and crew. Cuoco also wrote an emotional caption which read: “That’s an official wrap on season 2 @flightattendantonmax 3 countries, 7 months, mega highs and lows, Covid etc! “What a cast, what a crew, what a team!! There are no words to describe my gratitude can’t wait for you to see what we did!”  READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene The announcement caused a fan frenzy in her comments with viewers expressing their excitement about season two. Jennbartelt wrote: “Best show @kaleycuoco binged the first season cause I was hooked! You’re my fave gal but this was an incredible role for you!!!!” Meanwhile, Becbally added: “Just finished re-watching the first season today, looking forward to our next Cassie fix!” Akenrdy commented: “Congratulations can't wait to see it so proud of you.”  The actress also had some of her co-stars congratulate her, including Cheryl Hines who is expected to make her debut appearance in season two. Hines wrote: “I’m so happy you can now take a nap! What an amazing cast & crew there,” with a ton of red heart emojis. Audrey Grace Marshall, who starred as the younger Cassie during flashback scenes, commented: “Congratulations!! What a dream team of amazing people!!” During one of the videos, Cuoco was being applauded as she fell to her knees then laid on the ground in tears.  DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory’s Leonard star pays tribute to Kaley Cuoco [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco opens up on major change to Penny [INSIGHT] When she was able to muster the courage to speak she stated: “This has been the strangest life imitating art for me, that I've ever had in my career and I would have never been able to get through it without each of you. “One of you saved me each day for the last seven months and I owe you all the biggest thank you.” Thankfully for fans, they will soon get to see the outcome of the complicated web of secrets Cassie uncovered after Alex Sokolov (Michiel Huisman) was found dead in her bed. In the finale, she was able to distance herself from any foul play accusations after she discovered it was in fact Buckley Ware (Colin Woodell).  After finding out Buckley was actually called Felix and was hired by Victor (Ritchie Coster), Cassie was almost killed in Rome. She shed so much light on the complicated scenario and even discovered her flight attendant colleague Shane (Griffin Matthews), was instead an undercover operative for the CIA, who saved her just in time. It looks as though the route may change for Cassie as HBO showrunner hinted season two will see “Cassie in a new adventure”. Season one was such a hit, Cuoco earned her first Emmy nomination in 2021 for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series. The Flight Attendant is available to stream on HBO. 