Sky News presenter Kay Burley made her opinion on Adele's fashion choices during a date night with her boyfriend Rich Paul very clear. During her breakfast show on Tuesday morning, Kay revealed she wasn't a fan of Adele's coat and brutally told her to "ditch" it before moving on to the next segment. Whilst looking at a picture of Adele and her boyfriend court side at the NBA All-Star basketball game in Ohio on Sunday, Kay quipped: "She looks happy, doesn’t she? "According to the Express, the rumour is they’re planning to tie the knot, but the ring that sparked the murmurings earlier this month was nowhere to be seen as the singer keeps people guessing. "She looks very happy indeed. Ditch the coat though, love, not sure about the coat," she savagely swiped. Adele and boyfriend Rich Paul began dating last year following the singer's divorce from her husband, Simon Konecki. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' During an interview with Graham Norton, Adele swerved rumours she is engaged to her new beau and also surprised viewers with her plans for another baby. After congratulating Adele on winning three Brit awards, Graham teased: "And I don't know if anybody noticed on Tuesday night when you were sat at the piano singing. "Microphone in the right hand, I thought the left hand didn't move as much as normal, it seemed heavier than normal, is there?" Laughing at Graham's coy questioning, she snapped back: "As if I would ever tell anyone if I was or wasn't. "It's lovely, though, isn't it!" she jokes, flashing the ring slightly. Graham continued: "As a casual observer, it looks like you are!" to which Adele simply replied: "Alright," leaving Graham to take her answer as a yes. Adele recently faced some backlash from her fans after she cancelled her Vegas Residency just 24 hours before she was meant to perform her first show. Speaking about the tough decision, she told Graham: "I tried my hardest, I really thought I would be able to pull something else together in time. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [WATCH]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [LATEST] "That was why it was so last minute, which I regret that I kept going with it until so late in the day, but it just wasn't ready, and there were lots of different reasons. "I don't want to announce a new set of dates until I know that everything is ready to go, could you imagine!" Graham agreed: "Yeah, don't do it again! So you are planning to do these, you are going to have a new show, how long might fans have to wait?" Adele revealed: "Absolutely happening this year! 100 percent, I want a baby next year, I have plans next year! Imagine if I have to cancel shows because I'm having a baby!" Her revelation left Graham open-mouthed and shocked as she openly admitted to her future plans. Adele took home the Brit for Song of the Year award for her comeback single Easy On Me. She also took home two more Brits for Album of the Year and newly renamed Artist of the Year. Sky News with Kay Burley airs weekdays from 6am on Sky News.