Sky F1 reporter Ted Kravitz used the wax casing of a Babybel cheese to explain the Ferrari design which could give them a crucial advantage over Mercedes and Red Bull in 2022. The 2022 F1 season is the ushering in of a new era, with new rules and regulations set to force teams to adjust their cars to capitalise on new technical innovations. The regulations have been designed to improve competition and parity within the sport after a year dominated each week by Mercedes and Red Bull. As pre-season testing got underway at the Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, Ferrari raised eyebrows thanks to their eye-catching and unique sidepods. The Italian outfit have opted for sidepods which ramp gently down in its lower regions with an upward ramp where the sidepods merge into the engine cover with a scalloped-out section in that transition. This has given a sidepod shape, which is heavily undercut at the front beneath the small slat-like radiator inlet, which merges with a flat side before then heavily undercutting once more as it merges into the rear. JUST IN: Hamilton makes comical visibility claim as F1 stars bemoan new tyres Sky F1 commentator Kravitz was talking to Ferrari driver Carlos Sainz about the innovative design - and using a Babybel to unconventionally illustrate his words. “How is the car and how are your scalloped sidepods helping the air channel to the back? Are they working?” Kravitz asked Sainz, whose eyes were firmly locked on the Babybel wax which the reporter had fashioned into a rough sidepod design. The Spaniard asked: “Is this a Babybel?” “It is a Babybel,” Kravitz confirmed. “Well, the outer casing!” DON'T MISSF1 fans back Masi sacking but the jury is out on new FIA appointmentsMercedes chief bemoans 'difficult morning' with Lewis Hamilton in testHaas announce plans to remove Russian colours for 'plain white livery' Ferrari have the only scalloped sidepod on the grid in 2022, which is an intriguing move. The design, which Kravitz labelled as ‘very creative’, appears to channel the air inside the pod before deflecting air to the rear wing to give the car more downforce. While Sainz admitted he is not an engineer, the star driver suggested the car feels different as F1 enters a new era. “It feels different to last year and the last few years in Formula 1,” the 27-year-old said. “I think until we really put it to the limit we will not know exactly what the differences are, but I can already feel some differences.” Kravitz asked: “Good differences?” “Differences,” Sainz replied without giving anything away. “Not good, not bad. Differences.” The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.