Meghan Markle has been pictured wearing various valuable jewellery since entering the Royal Family in 2018, but there are some she favours more than others. The Duchess often chooses to wear multiple bracelets on her wrist at the same time, and most of these are gold. The Duchess of Sussex enjoys mixing and matching two or more meaningful bracelets at the same time, stacking them on her wrist or – sometimes – on both of her wrists. Some of her favourites include the Jennifer Meyer Gold Bezel tennis bracelet, the Cartier Love Bracelet, and the Monica Vinader Linear Friendship Bracelet. In addition, Meghan has been seen mixing these bracelets with family heirlooms belonging to her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. These are the former Princess of Wales’ diamond tennis bracelet and her gold Cartier Tank Française wristwatch. READ MORE: Princess Charlene altered her wedding reception tiara - here's how Meghan’s bangles are all gold, except for Princess Diana’s Diamond tennis bracelet, which is a thin silver bracelet covered in tiny diamonds. It is not surprising that the Duchess opts for gold as this colour best matches her skin tone, according to experts. Fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman told Express.co.uk: “Meghan has a warm skin tone, which means that classic yellow gold, or rose gold, look great on her. “So, that may be why we see those colours in her collection, as opposed to silver.” DON'T MISS: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group [PICTURES]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE]Flight secrets: Cabin crew shares ways to get free first class upgrade [INSIDER] Samantha went on to say that Meghan “rarely wears costume jewellery – it seems like every piece she has in her collection means something”. Claire Adler, founder of Claire Adler Luxury PR agreed. She said: “Meghan’s jewellery is based on her own values and the things she holds dear, from her Monica Viander friendship bracelet to Princess Diana’s diamond tennis bracelet, gifted to her by Prince Harry.” The jewellery expert referred to past events where the Duchess is “known for sending powerful messages through her bracelets”, such as “in her video message addressing the graduating class of her former school”. Claire continued: “In this video, she wore a rose gold Linear Friendship Bracelet by Monica Vinader, which was most likely chosen to represent solidarity and togetherness. “In her famous interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan wore the classic Cartier Love Bracelet in gold, to signify her affection towards Prince Harry and her son, Archie. “The Duchess is also often seen wearing items from Princess Diana’s collection, such as her Tank Française Cartier watch, which Prince Harry inherited. “Meghan is also often seen to support small businesses and local designers by wearing, for example, beaded bracelets in her Instagram video marking Archie’s birthday in May.” Samantha added that Meghan’s other jewellery pieces, such as her necklaces, also have deeper meanings. She said: “We know that Meghan is into meditation, yoga and wellness, so we also see her wear jewellery that has elements which promote inner wisdom and healing. “For example, a Trapezoid necklace; the meaning behind it being self-confidence and wisdom.” The necklace, which she wore for a surprise appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden in February 2021 featured a blue gemstone and was from her good friend Taryn Toomey’s jewellery brand, The Class. This piece of jewellery cost just over £1000 and was called the Airelume Trapezoid Necklace in Lapis.