International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan is set to announce a new post-Brexit economic partnership with Indonesia and other Asian countries. It was announced last week that the UK has reached an agreement to join "one of the largest and most exciting free-trading clubs in the world". The UK is strengthening its ties with the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), a free trade area worth £8.4trillion in GDP. Last week, Ms Trevelyan said: "I look forward to visiting Asia next week and flying the flag for Global Britain by holding valuable trade talks with key partners across the Indo-Pacific region and pushing to secure CPTPP accession by the end of the year. "This is just one aspect of our Indo-Pacific strategy, which will benefit businesses and consumers across every part of the UK and help us to level up at home." Ms Trevelyan has been working as International Trade Secretary since September, having been an MP for Berwick-upon-Tweed since 2015. The Daily Mail reported in 2019 that the Brexiteer’s work life had played a part in her divorce from her husband John. Speaking to the Mail's Richard Eden, Ms Trevelyan said: "It’s all very amicable. "We are just a couple who, after 20 years of marriage, don’t want to spend the rest of their lives together and are happy to live in two separate homes." One unnamed colleague of Ms Trevelyan added: "Anne-Marie has spent a great deal of time in plots, meetings and huddles over Brexit. "John is a countryman, devoted to his farming and shooting. I think he missed her a lot when she was away in London so much." Ms Trevelyan also added: "My husband has found someone new and I am very happy for him." John is a wealthy Northumberland estate owner – his portfolio includes the grade-I listed Netherwitton Hall, near Morpeth. READ MORE: SNP blames Brexit for trade woes and claims Scottish laws 'undermined' Earlier this month, Ms Trevelyan spoke to The House magazine about her role as International Trade Secretary, branding it "the best job". She said: “This is the best job… It’s literally cheerleading for the UK’s goods and services, what is not to love? “We have some of the best services provision, creativity, and we make some of the finest food and drink, engineering, in the world, everybody wants it. "And in the work that DIT can now do, since Brexit and the freedoms that we have, we can open doors for all these businesses to find new homes. “I get to go around, say ‘now, I know you love our stuff and I know you buy it, but, actually, it could be really so much better.’ “Let’s think about how, whether [that be] a free trade agreement (FTA) or a plethora of other new tools, to unlock those market barriers that are making it hard for British businesses to invest, and… how foreign investment [can] come in and invest in the UK, in order to help us to grow our own economy.” DON'T MISS Jacob Rees-Mogg promises to cut at least 65,000 civil service jobs [INSIGHT] We should applaud Hungary for standing up to EU nonsense - COMMENT [ANALYSIS] Brexit triumph as UK GDP figures trounce EU’s growth [INSIGHT] Ms Trevelyan is also looking to travel to the US to try and make progress on a post-Brexit trade deal with the US. President Joe Biden has so far poured cold water on the idea, but Ms Trevelyan remains determined to try and push Washington and London closer to a deal. She added: “I think the White House has this inward-looking domestic, urgent agenda that Biden wants to bring to [fruition]. "But across the US from businesses, business councils, governors at a state level, there is huge engagement. "When we get back to the FTA conversation, where obviously quite a lot of work was done with Trump’s administration anyway, we will need all those voices to be in sync. "It’s turning it on its head effectively and doing all the groundwork first.”