Amy Anzel became the sixth contestant to be fired by Lord Alan Sugar from BBC's The Apprentice. After thinking she was safe for another week and taking the challenges in her stride, Amy was fired after Lord Sugar felt she wasn't pulling her weight and was shying away from the spotlight. Speaking about her time on the show, Amy revealed she often felt overwhelmed and intimidated when sitting in the boardroom and admitted that the firings were "a bit surprising". Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Amy revealed: "It is very overwhelming and intimidating. "And I remembered speaking to Harpreet Kaur in the beginning, and we were both so nervous waiting to go in, and we both said to each other, 'You think this ever gets any easier?' "And it never did, you were always so nervous because the truth is, you never know what direction it's going to go in, you don't know who's won, it's very unclear. "And ultimately, you know, the firings have been a bit surprising, I'd say, so you never know, are you going to be fired? READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch "You know, you never know how he's going to see your contributions and I used to think the person that's fired is the person that's responsible for the failure of the task. "And then I discovered as we went along, it was not that black and white, not that straightforward, so you never know if it's going to be you. "And that's why it is intimidating and scary, but, you know, you signed up to do it, so you have to be brave," she said. When asked whether she expected to be fired and how she felt when she heard Lord Sugar reveal it would be her that was leaving the competition, she said it didn't hit her until after everything happened. "Not at all, I really thought I'm a calm and collected person, you do have some time to go away and gather your thoughts before you go into that boardroom to kind of fight your corner. "I really thought to myself, I have a really good case here, I've contributed so much to every task, I've been sub-team leader in four out of six tasks. "I just kept going through the reasons why I was waiting really until week seven to be PM [Project manager] because also there had been the toothbrush task in week two. "[That] was totally up my street, and I did put myself up as PM, but I thought there had to be another product or innovation test coming up next week. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice's Amy speaks out after Lord Sugar firing [INSIGHT]The Apprentice star details behind the scenes secrets [LATEST]The Apprentice candidate hits back at Lord Sugar  [WATCH]  "So I do have probably another week, and I'll just wait it out because it felt like I was definitely not hiding in the background for the past six weeks, you know, I was always there on the frontline. "So yeah, it was a really big shock to me too. And you know, it is what it is? What can I do," she concluded. Speaking of her firing, which Lord Sugar said was down to her not taking a leadership role, she said: “I just felt that it was a very unfair, unjustified firing. "I haven’t seen anyone been fired for that reason before.” She then added that she is low-key glad to see the back of the show, saying the prize fund of £250k investment to split your business with Lord Sugar “isn’t an amazing deal”. Amy is the founder of Hollywood Browzer Beauty, a UK-based cosmetics brand that she wanted help from Lord Sugar to expand her business. Taking to her Twitter account after her exit from the show, Amy tweeted to Lord Sugar: "I think if you’d given me the same chance you afforded Nick in Week 3, I would’ve proven myself too. "How is being Sub Team Leader 4 out of 6 tasks dodging?! Being Vice President isn’t dodging being President! Ageism & Anti-Americanism are a fine thing @Lord_Sugar #TheApprentice." (sic) The Apprentice airs Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.