The Foreign Secretary insisted Britons understand the need for the UK and its NATO partners to provide Ukraine with support against Russia. Liz Truss conceded sacrifices will have to be made in order to ensure Vladimir Putin is unable to take over its neighbour, some of which will affect Britain itself. Speaking to Sky News, Ms Truss said: "There will be an economic cost in Britain.  "There will be a cost in terms of access to oil and gas markets. "We don't import much here but there are lots of imports into continental Europe from Russia so, inevitably, there will be an impact. "But we have to. I firmly believe the British public understands the price would pay if we don't stand up to Putin now." The Spectator's editor Fraser Nelson suggested Prime Minister Boris Johnson may face questioning in the coming days for failing to explain clearly what impact the sanctions on Russia will have in the United Kingdom. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Speaking to BBC's Sunday Morning, Mr Nelson said: "I think Boris Johnson has not properly explained that sanctions hit both ways. "There was a study a few days ago that electricity bills could be up £1,000 a year to £3,000 on average because of the price of gas. "So if you do sanctions it will hurt your own economy and you need to tell people, 'look, this is going to hurt us as well as them, are you ready for it?' "We haven't yet had that conversation in Britain." READ MORE: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires spectacularly Kremlin-controlled energy giant Gazprom said on Sunday that Russian gas exports via Ukraine to Europe continued normally, in line with requests from customers. The organisation said requests for gas via the route stand at 107.5 million cubic metres as of Sunday. A US defence official said Ukraine's forces were putting up "very determined resistance" to Russia's air, land, and sea advance, which has sent hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians fleeing westwards, clogging major highways and railway lines. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUEJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Journalist blasted for 'anti-Brexit flag flying' in commentary