Jaida Benjamin, 27, has had a highly successful career in US television with roles in Austin & Ally, Southland, Stuck in the Middle, Foursome, The Fosters and Family Reunion. The star has been reported missing, having been last seen in California on Saturday, according to the latest appeal. Jaida Benjamin has been reported missing, having last been seen at the intersection of Tujunga Ave and Ventura Boulevard in Studio City, California on Saturday. Her missing poster has been shared by her family on social media, along with celebrities including Viola Davis, Brandy, Zoey Deutch and Porsha Williams. The poster contains the star's height, weight and age, as well as when she was last seen and the number to call if you have any information. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Walking Dead actor Vincent M Ward took to Instagram to share the appeal. He left the message: "Yoòo if you're in Los Angeles and you see this young lady please call the number. (sic) "Jaida has played my daughter and I+'ve worked with her a number of times.. California friends and family, PLEASE SHARE! "Note: She's Bipolar + SchizophrenicSczephrenic...@blackpeoplemissing @jocindabenjamin. Thank you." (sic) Actor Kendrick Sampson also posted the flyer along with a lengthy message. He penned: "Please share, Note: This post is from Jaida’s mom. Praying for her safety and well-being. "Jaida has had a difficult journey with mental health as well so let’s keep that in mind as we prioritize and wrap our resources around our people. "If you know anyone in the area who can help please reach out to the contact information in the post." DON'T MISS... 'How dare he?' Piers Morgan fumes over Prince Andrew settlement claims [OPINION] Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [INSTAGRAM] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [INSIGHT] Her disappearance comes just weeks after Jaida's mum JoCinda, who is also the star's manager, took to Instagram to share that she would be taking a break from the entertainment industry. She said along with two pictures of the pair: "In light of the recent tragic news of multiple suicides, combined with our own mental health concerns, Jaida and I have decided to take a much needed hiatus from the entertainment industry. "We truly appreciate everyone’s love & support over the years and ask for prayers and positive thoughts during this challenging time." Jaida started her acting career as a teenager in the 2007 TV movie Halloween Special: Bad Things, Good Things. She would go on to guest star in productions including The Onion News Network, Austin & Ally, Southland, Liv & Maddie, Stuck In the Middle, Foursome, The Fosters, Insecure and Mad About You. Jaida first appeared in the Netflix comedy Family Reunion during the 2019 series as Kelly, going on to reprise her role in 2021. Anyone with information on Benjamin's whereabouts is asked to contact the Los Angeles Police Department's Missing Persons Unit at (213) 996-1800. For those who wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Los Angeles Regional Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 or go to LACrimeStoppers.org.