Son Heung-min believes it's 'so important' Tottenham Hotspur don't lose Antonio Conte as head coach, despite poor results in recent weeks. Tottenham bounced back from defeat at Burnley with a 4-0 win at Leeds United on Saturday, and Son has explained what fuelled the visitors to romp to victory. Son scored the final goal as Spurs returned to winning ways by mauling Marcelo Bielsa's relegation-threatened side at Elland Road. It was a sweet end to another challenging week in Conte's tenure after a dismal 1-0 loss against Leeds' relegation rivals Burnley in midweek. The result plummeted supporters back down to earth after the high of beating Manchester City 3-2 just days before and was the fourth defeat in five league games. And after full-time at Turf Moor, the Italian coach suggested he needed to meet with Spurs figures to 'assess' the situation amid the shocking run of results. JUST IN: Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke to aid Edu with ‘significant summer outlay’ But Spurs fought for Conte in West Yorkshire, providing a confident performance and emphatic result to match. And Son has explained that the players wanted to respond to Conte's frustration by showing that they can be much better than the display at Burnley. He told BT Sport: "Obviously, we were all frustrated after the result. Obviously, we know we can do better, especially with Burnley [because] we know how difficult that place is. "We let ourselves down, and we were disappointed. Today we wanted to show great character, to show we can improve. We showed that. READ MORE: Arsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in cup final "We have a fantastic manager. He brings passion, [and] he brings so much positive energy. We are all happy to work with him. I think it's so, so important we keep this. "That's why he's special. He's so passionate. He wants to win, he wants clean sheets, [and] he wants us to be better. "This I think is such a positive signal. We should take this as improvement and we should be also that passionate for the games coming." Saturday's win reignited Spurs' top-four challenge, but it was a significant day individually for Son and Harry Kane. The England captain assisted Son's goal, meaning the dangerous duo have now combined for more goals than any other duo in Premier League history (37). And if Spurs want to progress in the coming years, it's just as crucial they keep a hold of the 29-year-old winger as Kane and Conte. After hosting Everton next Monday, next up for Conte's side in the league is a top-four six-pointer against Manchester United at Old Trafford. But all eyes will currently be on this week's FA Cup fifth-round affair with Middlesbrough, who dumped United out at the Theatre of Dreams in the last round. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.