This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby has "rallied around" her best pal and co-host Phillip Schofield amid his feud with Eamonn Holmes. The silver-haired Oldham-born star, 59, was called out by Irish native Eamonn, 62, in a recent interview, where he hit out at him for "snubbing" his wife, Loose Women host Ruth Langsford, on TV three years ago. Following the harsh words from Eamonn, Holly is reportedly now supporting her co-star more than ever. A source claimed: "Phil's This Morning family are rallying around him after the comments, none more so than Holly. "It's no secret there is no love lost between Phil and Eamonn but Holly felt she had to defend her 'work husband' after all the support he's shown her over the years, particularly on the week he celebrated 40 years in showbiz," they added to OK! Magazine. "She thought the comments were very below the belt," the source added. The feud comes after Eamonn's recent interview which saw him take issue with Phillip over an on-air exchange with Ruth. READ MORE: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan Eamonn spoke to the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine on Saturday about the moment when Phillip seemingly cut his wife Ruth Langsford off while she was talking to ITV viewers in 2019. Addressing the moment, he said: "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people. "It's up to Ruth to say how she felt, but I was feeling hurt for her. "No one would have snubbed me like that," he added. Eamonn went on: "I have a good Belfast street fighter in me… I would be direct. "I don't go for presenters who think they have a special privilege or aura or influence." At the time, Express.co.uk contacted Phillip's representatives for comment. On the ITV show three years ago, Phillip and Holly cut to Ruth so she could introduce what was coming up on Loose Women that day. DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Brenda Edwards breaks silence after son's tragic death [UPDATE]Chris Packham rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'cruel' policy reversal [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan issues warning as Vladimir Putin invades Ukraine [INSIGHT] Before Ruth finished her segment, Phillip jumped in and said: “Guys, we are going to have to stop you, I am afraid, because we are a bit tight for time... "Thank you Ruth and we will catch you guys a little bit later, thank you very much, thank you.” Ruth looked visibly annoyed and said: “Oh, well I only had about two more words to say so don’t worry.” However, it seems that three years later Eamonn is still raging about the incident. Last night saw Holly and Phillip appear at Holly's Wylde Moon event, which saw them in an affectionate embrace on the red carpet. Stunning in a cream, two-piece suit, Holly celebrated the launch of her company's first fragrance at the London Coliseum last night. The This Morning presenter paired her suit with black and white polka dot stilettos and wore her blonde tresses in pretty waves. Taking his mind off the feud with his ITV colleague, Phil appeared to be all smiles as he supported his friend's business.