The couple, who are both dead, terrorised Greater Manchester with their heinous murder spree of five children during the Sixties. Brady and his girlfriend, who were convicted over the so-called ‘Moors murders’ in 1966, were analysed in a new documentary last night. Channel 4’s ‘Moors Murders’ examines previously unpublished letters the pair wrote during their five decades in prison. The first episode of the three-parter, ‘The Witness’, also features testimony of Hindley’s brother-in-law David Smith. David, who passed away in 2012, is credited with stopping the Moors murders after he witnessed the killing of Edward Evans in 1965. The episode features contributions from Janie Jones, the former singer, who corresponded with Brady and Hindley for decades while they were in prison. The documentary also uses CGI images of the killer couple’s famous mugshots to bring them to life from beyond the grave. Hindley died in prison in 2002 from heart and lung conditions after serving 36 years behind bars. JUST IN: Channel migrants in UK living in 'inhumane' conditions on less than £6 a day Brady died at a secure psychiatric unit in Ashworth Hospital in 2017, where he had been held since 1985. However, after his death, there were concerns that he had plotted a “sick final twist” by requesting that his ashes be scattered on Saddleworth Moor, where he buried his victims. Terry West, whose sister Lesley Ann Downey was killed by Brady and Hindley, spoke to the Daily Mirror in 2017 after a senior coroner said Brady’s body would not be released unless it was promised his ashes would not be scattered on the moors. Mr West said: “It is the final act of a twisted, evil man. “For the coroner to order this ban must mean Brady stipulated his ashes should be scattered on Saddleworth Moor. “It is a sick, final twist to cause his victims’ families the greatest upset from beyond the grave.” Brady’s remains were secretly incinerated without a ceremony and his ashes disposed of at sea. Coroner Christopher Sumner spoke after he opened an inquest into Brady’s death. He said: “I wanted to have assurance that when he is cremated his ashes will not be scattered on Saddleworth Moor. “I think it would be offensive.” DON'T MISS: British expats stitched up by rising costs as UK refuses to top-up pensions 'It's immoral' [LATEST]‘Woke’ Archbishop of Canterbury blasted term ‘snowflake’ and defended speech restrictions [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think UK should send troops into Ukraine if Russia invades? [ANALYSIS] Brady’s wishes for his ashes came in a letter to his former pen pal, Cody Lachey, a reformed criminal. Reports after Brady’s death suggested that he had wanted a grand funeral attended by gangsters in Manchester and Liverpool, with a guard of honour to be performed. The Mirror quoted a source about the large-scale send-off Brady was hoping for. They said: “He thought thousands of people will turn up at the funeral. “That might be true if the public was made aware of the arrangements, but he’ll be cremated in secret. “If ghouls knew where his remains were disposed of it could lead to the area becoming a magnet for sickos.” ‘Moors Murders’ is available on All 4.