Gabriel Magalhaes has lifted the lid on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's Arsenal exit - with the Gunners defender revealing that Aubameyang left the club due to an 'issue with the coaching staff'. The Gabon star was an influential figure at the Emirates Stadium ever since he arrived at the club back in 2018. However, he was ostracised from first-team fold at Arsenal this season by Mikel Arteta, who cited a 'discipinary breach' as the reason for Aubameyang's exile. The striker was stripped of the Arsenal captaincy soon after before he was booted out of the club for good during the January transfer window. Despite struggling in front of goal for the Gunners prior to his spell out of the team, Aubameyang has hit the ground running since sealing a switch to Barcelona. JUST IN: Cunning reason Roman Abramovich stepped back from Chelsea The 32-year-old has netted four times in five games and bagged a hat-trick during Barca's recent 4-1 win over Valencia. Aubameyang's form has caused some people to question Arteta's decision to part ways with the controversial striker - and now Gabriel has opened up on his former team-mates departure. "Aubameyang is in my heart, we all wanted him at Arsenal. It's something that happened between him and the coaching staff, the other players weren't in it," Gabriel told Ohmygoal. "I said goodbye to him before he left, I hope he enjoys Barcelona, he is a very nice person with a big heart and I love him very much." DON'T MISS...Leeds boss Marcelo Bielsa hits back at reporter after Tottenham lossLeeds have 'unusual' problem to overcome to sack Marcelo BielsaTottenham boss Conte sends message to Man Utd and Arsenal Aubameyang's messy exit was an unfortunate way to end to his fruitful four-year spell in north London. He quickly established himself as a fan favourite in the capital following his switch from Borussia Dortmund and tasted FA Cup glory during his penultimate year with the Gunners. While Aubameyang will play no further part in Arsenal's bid to end their multi-year exile from the Champions League, Gabriel is set to play a starring role for Arteta's side. The Brazilian's rock-solid partnership with Ben White has been the cornerstone of Arsenal's impressive campaign to date. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Gabriel arrived at the club in a £50million move from Brighton in the summer and has quickly struck up a commanding partnership with the Brazilian. The Gunners have one of the leanest defensive records in the Premier League - only four teams have shipped fewer than the 27 goals that Arsenal have conceded so far this term. It's been at the other end where Arsenal have struggled at times this season, with Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah all struggling to fire this term.