People who have certain medical conditions could get medical exemption certificates, and as a result receive free NHS prescriptions. However, recipients are urged to ensure their certificate is still valid as using an expired one could see them paying £100 penalties, but expiration dates between December 2021 and March 2022 have different rules. As the pandemic starts to slow, the impact on the NHS is growing as elective procedures and normal hospital consultations have been put on hold for almost two years. The Department of Health and Social Care has made a decision in order to help reduce the workload on GP practices and give patients a bit of a break. Medical exemption certificates that are due or have expired between December 14, 2020 and March 1, 2022 will now be extended for six months from the current date of expiry. Those who are affected by this extension can expect to receive a letter from the NHSBSA and will receive their new certificate in the post. READ MORE: TV licence fee warning: What you should be aware of if enforcement officer turns up Anyone whose certificate expires in this time frame and has already applied for a new certificate may now receive two. The NHSBSA advises that anyone who does receive two should keep the one with the longest expiry date. Certain groups of people are eligible for medical exemption certificates due to their medical conditions which usually involves long-term conditions requiring multiple prescriptions. These certificates entitles holders to free NHS prescriptions only and does not cover other health costs. Holders need to show their certificate when collecting their prescription and it is usually valid for five years or until the holder turns 60. Certificate holders need to ensure they are aware of the expiry date on their certificate and ensure they renew it in time. Using an expired certificate could result in penalty charges of up to £100. Claimants who find they are eligible after paying for prescriptions can also request a refund of these charges with certain terms and conditions. The following medical conditions can qualify one for a medical exemption certificate: Patients can apply for the certificate by receiving an application form from their doctor. Once the form has been received, patients should receive the certificate within 10 working days. Certificate holders needing to renew their certificate will need to speak to their doctor to re-apply. Additionally, holders need to update their certificate with any circumstance changes such as a change of address or name. Patients who are entitled to free prescriptions but have been paying can receive a refund so long as all of the following apply: