Vehicle Excise Duty is set to rise from April onwards, however there is a way round the rising costs of car tax. If you pay for a year of VED today, you could avoid the planned increases - here’s how.  From April, Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) will increase in line with rising inflation. This planned increase in VED was outlined by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in his Autumn budget, but comes into force in a matter of weeks. The Autumn Budget said VED would increase in line with the Retail Price Index which is typically used as a measure of inflation. With energy bills and the cost of living rising, this is yet another expense for Britons to account for.  READ MORE: Huge driving law changes to be introduced in March with drivers warned However, crafty car owners have spotted a way to avoid paying the higher rate of VED until next year. As the VED increase only comes into force in April, if you pay for a year of VED on your vehicle before the changes come in, you can pay 12 months at the lower rate of tax. A spokesperson for the DVLA confirmed that as the higher rates of tax only start from April 2022, anyone who prepays a year of car tax before then will pay for the year at the pre-April tax rate. This means if you pay now, you could enjoy paying less car tax until March 2023.  The amount of VED you pay is calculated based on the CO2 emissions your car produces, so the most environmentally friendly vehicles pay the smallest amount of VED, while the most polluting gas-guzzlers pay the highest. You can pay VED at any time online using the DVLA’s website. All you need is the reference number from the vehicle's logbook. Anyone who has received a reminder or warning letter from the DVLA can use the number provided.  DON'T MISS:New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [UPDATE]Parking rules are a ‘poll tax on wheels’ [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to make use of car tax schemes to save money on vehicles [TIPS] VED is made up of two payments: standard rate and first year rate. The first year rate is also known as a ‘showroom tax’ and is based on the CO2 figures when the vehicle was built. The standard rate is the annual renewal you pay yearly from there onwards. For many vehicles first registered on or after April 1 2017, standard rate will increase by £10.  However, first year rates are increasing from just £5 for vehicles producing CO2 emissions of between 76 and 90g per km, to £120 for those producing CO2 emissions of over 255g per km. You can see the full list of VED increases by CO2 emissions here. For cars registered on or after March 1 2001, your standard rate will increase from anywhere between £5 and £30. Alternative fuelled vehicles, including hybrids, bioethanol and liquid petroleum gas, will pay £155 per year. 