The retail giant said it has reached an agreement with Visa and will now accept its credit cards across all of its sites. This comes after the retailer threatened to stop the use of Visa credit cards in the UK due to a disagreement over Visa’s fees. Amazon and Visa have confirmed that they have struck a deal resulting in Amazon removing its ban on using Visa credit cards in the UK. It will also mean that the Visa surcharge on Amazon's Singapore and Australia websites will be removed from Thursday February 17. A spokesperson for Amazon said: "We've recently reached a global agreement with Visa that allows all customers to continue using their Visa credit cards in our stores. Visa said: "This agreement includes the acceptance of Visa at all Amazon stores and sites today, as well as a joint commitment to collaboration on new product and technology initiatives to ensure innovative payment experiences for our customers in the future." READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment, Warm Home Discount and Winter Fuel Payments David Beard, editor-in-chief and personal finance expert of financial comparison site, Lendingexpert.co.uk, said it will come as a “welcome relief” for Amazon customers. He said: “This is a welcome relief for Amazon customers and a sensible move for the retailer who should always put their customers before their profits.” Mr Beard suggested that, with hindsight, it could appear that Amazon’s initial refusal to accept Visa credit card payments could have been a tactic to secure a better rate. He explained: "Releasing the initial news that Amazon were going to cease accepting Visa now appears like a tactic to get a better deal with the global payments company.” DON'T MISSBasic Income pilot to provide 500 people with £19,200 a year [UPDATE]'Why is money deducted from my state pension?' New guide explains [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis: Can you beat hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell? [ANALYSIS] The financial expert continued: “This highlights the sheer power of the retailer and demonstrates the lengths they'll go to, to increase profits. “Not accepting Visa would have meant consumers were going to be forced to pay with a debit card or apply for a new Mastercard. “Paying for items with a debit card means customers wouldn’t have benefited from Visa credit card perks like cheap borrowing if they had a zero percent interest period, cashback, rewards and extra protection for purchases over £100.” Last year Amazon announced it would ban payments made by Visa credit cards from January 19, 2022 blaming the company’s high credit card transaction fees - however this was later postponed. At the time, Amazon said: “The cost of accepting card payments continues to be an obstacle for businesses striving to provide the best prices for customers. “These costs should be going down over time with technological advancements, but instead they continue to stay high or even rise. “As a result of Visa’s continued high cost of payments, we regret that Amazon.co.uk will no longer accept UK-issued Visa credit cards as of January 19, 2022.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Visa increased its credit card charges from 0.3 to 1.5 percent in October 2021, although it didn’t increase the charges on its debit cards. Around the same time, Mastercard also increased the cost of processing debit card payments from 0.2 to 1.15 percent. This has led to the Payment Systems Regulator conducting a review into card fees. It's currently looking into whether action is needed.