Flight attendant Kat Kamalani has shared a “life changing” baggage tip on TikTok. She said the hack would “save so much time”. A TikTok user said they found putting their bag in the overhead locker on a plane really “humiliating”. Elderly travellers can sometimes struggle lifting the bag above the head particularly when there’s a queue. Kamalani said: “I have three tips that are going to help you with your anxiety around luggage and they’re going to be life changing for you. “First rule of thumb I always say is if you can’t lift it, don’t bring it. Try at home first to see if you even lift it above your head. READ MORE: Horror as British tourists face huge price rise in Spain “If you can’t, take some stuff out.” While it can be tempting to try to fit as much as possible in a carry-on bag, there’s not much point if a passenger can’t lift it. Travellers will need to be able to lift the bag above their head if they want to place it in an overhead locker. Kamalani added: “Most airlines have these little placard cards in the locker and they’re going to show you how to store your luggage. “It’s either going to go horizontal or vertical. If you can just take a look at that, it saves so much time and it’s so much easier.” The placard should demonstrate which way a passenger should place their bag saving time and stress. Kamalani continued: “Crazy fact. Everyone thinks it’s a flight attendant’s job to lift your luggage into the lockers. “But it’s not. Actually a ton of airlines tell you ‘do not do this’ because there’s so many injuries with it. “So if we get injured, it’s not even covered. So just ask the flight attendant to assist you and they will probably help you put it up there.” A flight attendant might also be able to help passengers work out the easiest way to store their luggage. However, one TikTok user said: “I never ask the flight attendant, I always ask a random man.” One man said: “Any decent man will help. I always do!” Another flight attendant said: “We will assist! But we will not put it up without your help. If you aren’t doing most of the work we will check your bag.” Bags that are too large or heavy can end up being placed in the hold of the plane. Occasionally this will incur an extra charge. One TikTok user said their main anxiety about overhead lockers was the lack of space. They said: “Please enforce that the one above the seat belongs to the person in the seat. The guy in row 30 always pops it in row three.” Passengers could also bring a smaller bag that will fit under the seat in front if they want to avoid the lockers.