Retirement saving is an important financial responsibility for people of all ages, but the strategy used by someone in their 20s may differ to that of someone in their 40s or older. Avi Shah, Financial Adviser, Hoxton Capital Management, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and provided some insight as to how Britons can best go about saving for retirement at different stages of their life. Mr Shah provided a rule of thumb to help Britons get started on their pension pot. He said: “Saving for retirement at any age requires discipline above all else. Whether you are in your 20s, 30s, 40s or older you should designate a portion of your monthly income to be ring fenced and invested for later life. “This may be 10 percent, 20 percent or more, depending on personal circumstances, but consider it a personal taxation.” He added that this enables people to invest at a consistent rate benefitting from peaks and troughs in the investment market over many years. READ MORE: £150 council tax rebate available from April - check now if you can claim Mr Shah said: “Those in their 20s are often able to take the most risk. “A higher focus on equities (stocks and shares) is normally the focus here. Portfolios are likely to see greater volatility in the short term in quest for higher-than-average returns. “Earning potential at 20 is often lower than later on in life, so investing in this manner means the small monthly contributions benefit the most from the compounding effect over time.” DON'T MISSPension alert as Britons urged to claim 'free Government cash' before deadline passes [ALERT]‘Very useful!’ Britons urged to trace lost pensions and recover thousands [INSIGHT]New state pension guide could explain exactly why you are getting less than you expected [GUIDE] As someone gets older, they are likely to alter their approach to saving for retirement. Mr Shah outlined how someone in their 30s and 40s should go about it. He said: “Monthly earnings tend to be slightly higher in your 30s or 40s and therefore more money should be put away each month. Retirement in 25 years may seem like a long time, but 300 paydays isn’t! “Investing for retirement in your 30s or 40s is not all that different, although you may want to consider assets with slightly less volatility/risk. “Introducing fixed income into the retirement plan helps counter some of the potential volatility equity markets are known for. “This can be done in the form of bonds or even investment property which provide a steadier investment return." Once someone reaches their 50s, retirement will become much more of a reality, and as such, Mr Shah believes pension planning will often start to take a different tack. He explained: “The key here will be capital preservation over investment returns for most individuals, as there is less time for one to recover from any short-term underperformance of their investments. “A more diversified portfolio of assets is often the path of choice for most as they seek to hedge their risk. “Contribution to retirement plans at this stage should be significant as professionals are normally nearing the peak of their earning potential, and it is the last leg of asset accumulation mode. “A basket of equity (stocks/shares), fixed income, property, are just some of the shortlist items for a well-diversified retirement portfolio at 50+.” Despite the various approaches people may take to pension saving at different stages of their life, there are certain principles which may be applicable to everyone. Mr Shah concluded: “At any age, the key to saving for retirement is discipline. “This may mean a few less beers at the weekend in your 20s, a few less roses on Valentine’s Day in your 30s, a four-star hotel rather than a five-star hotel in your 40s, or less rounds on the golf course at 50.”