Black seed oil is extracted from the tiny black seeds of a plant called Nigella Sativa. The oil has been widely used around the globe for over 2,000 years. It is believed to have many therapeutic effects for diseases and ailments. This natural remedy is often used to aid headaches, back pain, high blood pressure, infections, and inflammation. According to a review on the therapeutic potential of black seed oil, published in the British Journal of Pharmaceutical Research, the ingredient has also been effective in the prevention of cancer, as a gastro-protective agent, and in people suffering from diabetes type 2. In particular, the role of black seed oil in the treatment of diabetes is increasingly important. The ingredient contains several anti-diabetic agents, which can decrease glucose levels in different ways. Black seed oil also enhances insulin production, glucose tolerance, and beta-cell production. READ MORE: Cancer: The tea 'linked' to a tripled cancer risk - ‘equivalent’ to smoking 100 cigarettes A review of seven studies on the role of black seed oil in diabetes indicated that the medicinal oil can help improve multiple markers of glucose control, including insulin levels and blood sugar levels during fasting and straight after a meal. As more, numerous studies agreed that black seed was effective in reducing fasting blood sugar and decreasing levels of haemoglobin A1Ca, an indicator for long-term blood sugar control. Glucose is a key source of energy in humans, as it provides nutrients to the body. However, having high blood sugar levels may damage blood vessels and circulation. As a supplement for diabetes type 2, black seed oil can be ingested in capsule or liquid form. However, the product has a strong flavour, that is slightly bitter and spicy. Its taste has often been compared to cumin or oregano. Therefore, it is advisable to mix with other strongly flavoured foods, such as honey or lemon juice, before taking it. At present, there is insufficient evidence to establish a recommended dosage of black seed oil for people with diabetes. Studies have shown that 2-3 grams of black seed oil per day could be effective in reducing blood sugar levels. The daily dosage was repeated for eight to 12 weeks. However, it is always worth checking in with a doctor before taking the supplement. Very little is known about the long-term safety of black seed oil, but short-term risks could include toxicity, organ damage, allergic reactions, and bleeding. Moreover, while black seed oil has proved efficient as a natural remedy, it does not replace medical treatment. There are many types of drugs available for patients with diabetes type 2. Common treatment options include metformin, a combination of medicines or, should other medicines no longer work, insulin.