DIY cleaning hacks using household ingredients have taken social media and the internet by storm in recent years. From using white vinegar and lemon juice to olive oil and tomato sauce, there’s always something in the home people can use to clean. Using household items also proves that homeowners don’t need to spend money on buying the latest cleaning products which can be costly. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is a product that’s traditionally used in baking. However, the item can be mixed with acidic solutions or used on its own as a cleaning product. Nick Drewe, a trends and money saving expert from voucher code site WeThrift, told Express.co.uk how to use baking soda to clean sterling silver. Sterling silver jewellery and cutlery can start to look dull over time so to bring back it’s shine, Nick suggested using baking soda and water. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould He explained: “Bring the shine back to your sterling silver using this homemade paste of three parts bicarbonate of soda and one part water. “Make sure you use a soft cloth to apply the mix so you don’t scratch the metal. “Rinse the scrub off afterwards using warm water.” Baking soda can also be used to clean mattresses, carpets, toilets, remove stains and clean ovens.  DON'T MISSShower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [INSIGHT]When to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [UPDATE]Bicarbonate of soda and lemon hack to remove limescale from taps  [ANALYSIS] The household item is what is known as sodium bicarbonate and is a chemical compound with the formula NaHCO₃. When mixed with vinegar, baking soda fizzes and produces carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide helps to remove stains by breaking down organic matter in stains. Some experts suggest baking soda can be used to clean almost anything. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homeowners can use half a cup of baking soda and one cup of white vinegar to freshen up their drains and clean a stainless steel sink. Harsh chemicals could potentially damage pipes so using a more natural method could stop this happening. The solution will fizz in the drain before then dying down. Once the reaction is complete, flush the drain with very hot water for five minutes.  The stainless steel sink can also be sprinkled with baking soda and scrubbed to remove any stains and sticky food. A box with 500g of baking soda can be bought from Savers for £1. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda can be purchased for £1.75. Duzzit Amazing Baking Soda is available from the Yorkshire Trading Co. for £1.29. Arm & Hammer Baking Soda is available to buy from Ocado for £1.35.