Before the pandemic hit, the Algarve welcomed an average of 1.2 million UK tourists annually, and as travel restrictions begin to ease holiday bookings are reported to be on the up. Jet2 and Jet2Holidays have described a "booking bonanza" since the relaxation of UK travel restrictions, with Portugal among one of its most popular destinations for bookings. Steve Heapy, CEO of Jet2 and Jet2holidays said: "People want to get away for their well-deserved breaks after so long and that has translated into a surge of bookings which has continued since the Government announced the loosening of travel restrictions at the start of the year." But for Britons eyeing a trip to the Portuguese Algarve, which months offer the "best" weather for a holiday? READ MORE: Spain chaos: Thousands of cancellations due to ‘ridiculous’ rules The Algarve is renowned for being a particularly sunny destination, though, of course, the winter months promise more opportunity for rain. July and August are the region's driest months, with an average of just one day of rainfall in July and an incredible average of zero days of rainfall in August. Though the risk of rain is a little higher in June, even then the average sits at just two days monthly. Throughout June, July and August, sunshine hours remain 12 hours daily. Temperatures also remain toasty throughout the summer, with highs of 28C, 33C and 32C for June, July and August, respectively. DON'T MISSTourist tax: Popular destinations Britons will have to pay to visit [REVEALED]Pretentious’ Cruise guests share most their extreme holiday requests [COMMENT]Travel testing scrapped: The latest rules for entering into the UK [INSIGHT] If sizzling temperatures are what you are after, then July is the best time to book. July promises the hottest weather, with highs of 33C and lows of 19C. The average daytime temperature in July is approximately 24C, with an average of just one day of rainfall throughout the month. Whether you can't bear to be in the heat for long periods or prefer to spend your holiday exploring, the shoulder seasons promise far milder temperatures than the peak summer. Temperatures in Algarve are between 13C and 22C from September until November, which is still enjoyable enough to spend time outdoors. Though rainfall picks up, in September there is an average of five days of rain per month, meaning there are still lots of sunny days. The sea also remains warm enough for paddling, at an average of 19C. As with any popular tourist destination, the summer months when schools are on holiday can be particularly busy. However, the shoulder seasons of spring and autumn can promise a far quieter escape.