Emirates is offering customers discounts on flights to romantic islands ahead of Valentine’s Day. Perfect for booking a getaway with your loved one, find out more about the deals here. With eased travel restrictions, Emirates has launched a special sale on trips to five beautiful islands for Valentine’s Day. The ultimate gift to give, travellers can now book discounted Economy and Business class fares to Maldives, Mauritius, Seychelles, Sri-Lanka and Phuket island in Thailand. Whether you fancy a beach island or relaxing retreat, customers need to hurry to redeem the deal. The offer is available on flights from now until 30 June 2022. Flights start from just £499 per person. But be quick  – the deal ends on 14 February 2022. In addition, Skywards members can get an extra 10 percent off. To redeem the discount, log in to your Emirates Skywards account and enter the code ‘ISLANDS’ at checkout. Join the loyalty program here. Don’t miss out on the deal and book now. Emirates also has flexible booking options and a dedicated 24/7 On Holiday Service Team that helps you with all questions and concerns. Emirates currently operates high-frequency flights to Seychelles, Mauritius, Sri-Lanka, Maldives and Phuket island in Thailand, from  Dubai International Airport. The perfect sunny escape, it’s an ideal getaway for two to enjoy. Emirates has resumed flights to 120 destinations and the airline has also been building on its contactless technology offering. Emirates also offers generous booking policies and has COVID-19 medical travel insurance. Please check the latest government guidelines before travelling to any destination. In addition, Emirates has included top tips for travelling with children. The airline recommends that parents time their flights with their child’s daily routine and recommend against booking late-night flights. Emirates also suggests that parents allow their children to bring their own carry-on bag with a couple of toys to help them feel more grown up and enjoy the full travel experience. And while on board, parents should utilise the cabin crew to help make the flight as enjoyable as possible.