Power cuts can be sudden and bothersome, particularly if you weren't expecting or are unprepared to lose electricity. As Storm Franklin batters the UK with high winds, resulting in several warnings from the Met Office, Britons could be faced with fresh power outages. Power cuts can happen for a number of reasons, though unexpected ones are common during periods of extreme weather. Acts of nature such as lightning strikes or flooding can lead to power outages. Similarly, high winds can result in trees or other fallen debris which can cause power lines to go down. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Aside from the weather, National Grid explains that accidents may also be the cause of a sudden loss of power. They state: "Damage to cables can come from contractors working on equipment or even from people digging in their own garden. "Insulation of cables can also fail as it’s difficult to predict when this will happen." Voltage dips and short power cuts may also unexpectedly occur, particularly in rural areas where overhead lines are hit by lightning or flying birds. DON'T MISSBritons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [REVEALED]Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda [INSIGHT]Three ways to fold jeans 'I could watch for hours' [COMMENT] According to Energy Networks, there are five essential steps people should take if their power suddenly goes out: Switch off Residents are advised to switch off all electrical appliances in their homes that should not be left unattended. This is in preparation for the power coming back on suddenly. In particular, items such as irons, ovens, electric fires and fryers could pose a hazard if the power comes back on when you are not there. Other appliances, such as fridges and freezers, should be covered with a blanket and kept closed to allow them to hold on to their cold temperature for as long as possible. Leave on Leaving one light on will let you see as soon as the power cut has been rectified. Check on your neighbours People are advised to check on neighbours, not only to check if they have had a power cut too, but also to ensure they are safe. If it turns out they have power, your trip switch may have activated. Look out for any elderly or vulnerable neighbours and make sure they are prepared for a period of time without electricity. Wrap up If a power cut happens during a period of cold or bad weather, it is a good idea to make sure you have plenty of layers to hand. Try to keep heat in your home by closing doors and windows. You should also make sure you have multiple torches along with extra batteries. If you are expecting a planned power cut, it is a good idea to charge your mobile phone to full battery ahead of time. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Contact your local network If your power cut has happened out of the blue, you should contact your network operator to report the cut. However, in some cases, if there are large power outages anticipated as a result of severe weather, your network may ask people to refrain from calling up to report. Your network operator is different from your energy supplier.