Gardeners don't have long to wait for spring florals to blossom into life. As the sunnier days approach, early March is the perfect time to sow some specific flowers. Here are five flowers you should sow next week. Sweet peas can be sown from October right through until the end of March. You should sow sweet peas under cover, such as in a cold frame or greenhouse, into deep pots or modules. When plants reach approximately 10cm tall, pinch out the tips to encourage bushy growth. Plant them out in mid-spring and ensure you water them regularly. Sweet peas prefer sunny, well-drained areas, and the soil should be kept moist regularly. READ MORE:Cleaning: Britons are urged to ‘pay attention’ to their mattress March is the perfect time to scatter your annual wildflower mixes. Ensure you find a sunny spot and remove all traces of vegetation. Before sowing, prepare the soil by removing weeds and raking. Scatter the seeds over bare patches of watered soil, or in rows in a seedbed. For a less organised approach, you can also sprinkle the seeds directly across the soil. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [COMMENT]How to prepare your garden for spring now - 7 quick jobs [INSIGHT]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [EXPLAINER] This pretty blue flower can be sown between March and May. Cornflowers will then blossom between May and July. For best results, sow your flowers in moist but well-drained soil. You can either sow them directly where you plan to grow them or in a pot or seed tray. Cornflowers thrive in full sun, and if planting in a border, place them towards the front. These bright red flowers are best sown between March and April, to then bloom in May or June. They prefer well-drained soil, though you should ensure it remains moist. In certain conditions, Ladybird poppy flowers will self-seed around the garden. Simply scatter the seed whenever you want it to go. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Dahlias are perennials which should be sown in the greenhouse in March. They are a great way to add a splash of colour to your garden, coming in a wide variety of shades. Start by filling a pot or seed tray with moist compost, then gently push the seeds in. If you choose to sow in seed trays, you should cover them with a propagator lid. Once you plant them out, choose moist, well-drained soil. Dahlias prefer a bright and sunny spot, but one with plenty of shelter.