In a damning speech from the White House, Joe Biden said the USA would whack Russia with sanctions against two of its largest financial institutions, VEB and its military bank, as well as targeting elites close to crazed Russian President Vladimir Putin. He said the sanctions were in light of "the beginning of a Russian invasion" into Ukraine. Speaking on Tuesday, Mr Biden warned Moscow that it would "pay an even steeper price if it continues its aggression" towards Ukraine and the West. He also added how President Putin is pushing ahead with plans to take more territory in Ukraine. Biden said: “To put it simply, Russia just announced that it is carving out a big chunk of Ukraine. "He is setting up a rationale to take more territory by force in my view . . . He’s setting up a rationale to go much further. JUST IN Ukraine LIVE: 'Putin starting war!' Biden dramatically breaks away from US invasion stance "This is the beginning of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.” But following the announcement, Mr Biden did not hang around as he quickly turned on his feet and headed straight for the exit. He said: "I probably have more to say about this as it moves on, I am hoping diplomacy is still available, thank you all very much.” Yet the quick exit from the President did not go unnoticed, as Sky News' Mark Austin chimed: "Joe Biden there noticeably not taking questions at the end of that!" READ MORE 'Europe is too dependent on Russian gas' VDL admits huge financial pain ahead for EU It is not the first time Mr Biden has refused to answer questions from reporters, as often after press conferences, the President's aides can be heard ushering the media away refusing questions. On Monday night Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to invade eastern regions of Ukraine called Luhansk and Donetsk, currently held by pro-Russian seperatists. He claims the move is only for "peace-keeping" reasons, despite crossing over the border and breaking international law and peace agreements. In an hour-long rambling speech to the nation, President Putin declared Russia recognised Luhansk and Donetsk as "independent" states, green lighting his move into the region. DON'T MISSRussia-Ukraine LIVE: 'Demilitarise or else' Putin unleashes troops [INSIGHT]Macron humiliated by Putin after 'pledging not to escalate' war threat [ANALYSIS]Scholz Nord Stream 2 snub risks €46 billion black hole for EU - major nations hit The move has prompted a raft of economic sanctions from the United Kingdom, targetting wealthy Russians and banks, while the European Union have also vowed heavy sanctions against Russia. Meanwhile Germany have pulled the plug on the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project, a controversial deal which saw Russia supply gas to the Germans. The EU are now seeking a change to their energy infrastructure amid the soaring tensions. It comes as developments in Ukraine on Tuesday have seen 800 US military personnel told to move from Italy to Baltic region in a clear sign of rising concerns across Europe. Up to eight US F35 jets moved from Germany to sites along NATO's eastern flank while Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has called up reservists, but has ruled out general mobilisation.   