On Monday morning, it was announced that Loose Women star Brenda Edwards' son and founder of SBTV Jamal Edwards had died from a short illness. At the beginning of the episode on Monday, Charlene addressed the changes made to the panel and spoke about the death of Jamal. Whilst discussing with her fellow Loose Women, Charlene also said about the way his death was announced through social media and branded it "unfair" on Brenda's behalf. After introducing the show, Charlene revealed she would read the statement that Brenda had released addressing Jamal's death. Before she began to read the statement, she fumed: "Brenda gave a statement this morning which I'll read some of. "The reason why I am going to read some of this is because the opportunity to share Brenda's loss and the family's loss was taken away from Brenda because of various people on social media. "[They] decided to tell Brenda's story and to tell Jamal's story without consulting Brenda, which was not fair in any shape or form. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute "I understand that a lot of Jamal's incredible work was done through social media and done online and all of those things, he is a powerhouse, he changed the UK music scene in a way we have not seen for generations he was huge. "But what people have to understand is there is work-life, and there is family life, and there is home life, and it should have been Brenda that was able to choose when she wanted the world to know about her loss, and that was taken away from her." In a statement released by Brenda on the news of her son's death, it read: "It is with the deepest heartache that I can confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. "Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world. "As we come to terms with his passing, we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. "Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PHD." Jamal was the founder of SBTV, an online urban music platform that has helped a multitude of artists launch their careers. A pioneering figure in British rap and grime music, Edwards attended the Brit Awards earlier this month. DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? [WATCH] He was joined by big names such as Dave, Ed Sheeran and Stormzy and was understood to have performed as a DJ at a gig in north London on Saturday night. No details have been released about his death, other than it happened on Sunday morning. Shocked at the news of his death, many of his friends and past clients took to their social media to pay their respects. Rapper Dave wrote: "Thank you for everything, words can't explain." Presenter and comedian Mo Gilligan, who hosted this year's Brit Awards, tweeted: "A truly humble and blessed soul. Your legacy will live on for years & you've inspired a whole generation." AJ Tracey was one of the first to pay tribute as he simply tweeted: "RIP Jamal Edwards, west London legend status." Rapper Lady Leshurr said she was "heartbroken" and thanked Jamal for helping to kick start her career. "He gave me opportunity after opportunity to showcase my talent from Brum into London. We need to keep his name and brand alive," she wrote. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.