Zach Johnson has been named captain of the USA Ryder Cup team for the 2023 event in Rome following an announcement from the PGA of America on Monday. Johnson will lead his team to Italy in defence of the Ryder Cup title, after the Americans recorded a record-breaking 19-9 victory over Europe at Whistling Straits last September. The 12-time PGA Tour winner will be looking to break America’s duck overseas, with the title holders without a win in Europe since victory in 1993 at the Belfry. Johnson takes on the role with a whole host of Ryder Cup experience, having made five appearances as a player in his home country’s colours. Despite this the 46-year-old only found himself on the winning side of the event once, coming in his final appearance in 2016 at Hazeltine. READ MORE: Phil Mickelson sponsor Callaway 'pause' partnership as Saudi Golf League fallout continues  As well as helping to clinch victory off the course, Johnson has already helped secure a win off it after acting as one of Steve Stricker’s vice captains in last year’s win in Wisconsin. The newly named captain also boasts a more than respectable PGA Tour record, having won 12 titles including two majors in the form of the 2007 Masters title and the 2015 Open Championship. Despite winning golf’s two biggest prizes and featuring as a Ryder Cup winning player, Johnson revealed that being appointed Team USA captain is the ‘greatest honour of his professional career’. In a statement he said: “To accept this captaincy, to lead this United States Ryder Cup Team abroad ー after what we accomplished last year at Whistling Straits ー is simply the greatest honour of my professional career. DON'T MISSGreg Norman accuses PGA Tour of 'bullying' over Saudi Golf League threat to starsBrooks Koepka makes Saudi Super League admission as ‘everyone talks about money'Phil Mickelson's sponsor KPMG cut ties with star amid 'reckless' Saudi Golf League stance  “I want to thank the PGA of America Ryder Cup Committee for this special opportunity. As exciting as this is for both my family and me, it is equally sobering to understand the scope of our challenge in Rome, as we have not won on the road in three decades. “To win, we will have to outplay a European Team that will have both ample talent and motivation on their side. "I am anxious to dig in and begin the process of putting our team in the best possible position to succeed.” PGA of America President Jim Richerson spoke highly of his new captain following the appointment, and believes Johnson is a ‘popular’ pick.   He said: “I am confident that Zach's appointment will be wildly popular with the players as well as throughout American golf circles. "But more than that, Zach is the calibre of individual that the PGA of America wants representing the United States and our 28,000-plus PGA Professionals on the global stage. “He has performed on the biggest stages as a player, a teammate and as a Vice Captain. “He checks every conceivable leadership box and we anticipate that the U.S. Team in Italy will reflect the hard work, grit and selfless determination that have long defined his stellar playing career.” 