Death in Paradise season 11 comes to an end tonight on BBC One with a dramatic final episode. This follows on from the shocking reveal earlier in the season that Josephine Jobert’s Florence Cassell was leaving the Saint Marie police force. Now, the actress has addressed if she thinks any more stars will be exiting the show this series. Josephine was quizzed about this on Twitter after she announced her exit from the show. On the official Death in Paradise page, she had shared a video explaining how she was leaving. She said: "Well, that's it. Here we are, it's the big departure for Florence. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning  “Some of you had already felt for a long time that this was going to happen. "So congratulations, you are the real detectives. You should come to Saint Marie to take my place.” She added in the tearful video: "When I left in series eight I thought it would be for good. "And then I was asked if I would like to come back and I said yes. But I knew deep down that it wouldn't be forever.  "It was important to me to accompany Florence to the end of her journey and make sure she would be okay. "And now it's done. I know it's weird to say but I know she's fine and she's really going to move on so I can say goodbye to her." Replying to this tweet, one fan named Mukesh Sharma penned: “Who will replace her in the show? “One after another has left. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT]Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [PICTURES]   “I’m telling you if the commissioner goes, I’ll stop watching it.” In the BBC show, the commissioner is played by Don Warrington and has appeared in the series since its first episode. Selwyn Pattinson is a fan-favourite and many would likely be devastated by his exit. Thankfully, Josephine put the rumours to bed as she replied to her fan about the suggestion.  The actress penned: “The commissioner is eternal!” Pleased by her response, Mukesh then replied: “This is incredible show and my family wait for it. So no compromises.” (sic) The final episode of Death in Paradise airs at 9pm on BBC One tonight. The synopsis teases: “When a prestigious chess match ends in murder, the team must work out how and why the killing was carried out. “Meanwhile, the commissioner is confronted with his past by the very last person he was expecting to see.” 