Vikings: Valhalla has landed on Netflix and it has gone down a hit with fans of the original Amazon Prime Video TV series. This time, the story follows some of the most notorious travellers of the Viking Age, including Leif Eriksson (played by Sam Corlett) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to the real Harald Sigurdsson.  Harald is introduced in the first episode as a Viking from a noble background who dreams of becoming King of Norway. He had visited Kattegat, the kingdom where there had been peace between Vikings of all religious backgrounds for some time. Yet when Leif and his sister Freydis (Frida Gustavsson) show up, the air changes and there is a fear of conflict. Harald ended up working as an ally with Leif and Freydis, having taken a liking to Freydis from the outset. However, the real Harald suffered a different fate. READ MORE: Vikings’ Floki star congratulates co-star’s awards nod He was known as Harald of Norway and was given the epithet Hardrada in Viking sagas. Achieving his dream, he ruled as King of Norway from 1046 to 1066. During his rule the former Earl of Northumbria, Tostig Godwinson, made a proposition to Harald. He pledged his allegiance with him and invited him to claim the English throne, which was held by his brother, Harold Godwinson. Harald took 10,000 men and 300 ships to Northern England in 1066 in what was known as the Battle of Fulford. He defeated forces in Northumbria and Mercia, but his luck quickly ran out. Harald was killed in a surprise ambush by Harold Godwinson's men at the Battle of Stamford Bridge, just five days later. Most of Harald's army was wiped out and his death marked the end of the Viking Age. Harold Godwinson's victory also did not last long, as a few weeks later he was defeated by William the Conqueror and killed at the Battle of Hastings. His defeat was partly down to the fact he had wasted a lot of his energy and men fighting with Harald. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla: What happened during the St Brice's Day massacre? [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla: How is Harald Sigurdsson linked to original series? [INSIGHT] Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped [INTERVIEW] As for his relationships, Harald Hardrada had two wives - Elisiv of Kiev and Tora Torbergsdatter. With his second wife he had two sons, who both ruled as Kings of Norway after his death. His eldest son, Magnus, ruled from 1066 until 1069, with his younger son Olaf ruling from 1067 until 1093. Harald's body was moved to Norway and buried at a church. Two historical monuments have been erected in honour of Harald in Oslo. In Vikings: Valhalla, Harald is charismatic, ambitious, and is able to unite both Christian and pagan Vikings. Harald had tried to reason with Jarl Kare (Asbjørn Krogh Nissen), who had planned to invade Kattegat. He ended up getting injured in the battle, with Freydis coming to his aid at the eleventh hour. The pair were last seen escaping a war-stricken Kattegat, but the real Harald suffered a different fate. Vikings: Valhalla is on Netflix now.