  Anna Williamson has discussed her experience joining Channel 4’s Celebs Go Dating after the show’s previous presenter Nadia Essex was fired for trolling her co-stars on social media. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, the star praised the series for “getting behind her” when she took on the role amid the ongoing controversy.    Anna, 40, explained how she felt “very lucky” that Channel 4 bosses backed her to take over the Celebs Go Dating role in 2018, after the show's previous host Nadia Essex was axed. “I'm very lucky because Lime Pictures, who make the show on E4, and Channel 4 have been so supportive of me,” she said. “They got behind me for the job. They were very clear on me making it my own role because I obviously inherited the job from somebody else.” Nadia was a dating expert on Celebs Go Dating between 2016 and 2018, but was suspended after two years on the show for trolling her former co-host Eden Blackman on social media.      She was subsequently removed from the show midway through filming of the fifth series in September 2018, with a show spokeswoman telling BBC News: “Nadia has been suspended following improper use of social media”. Eden quit the show after its fourth series, reportedly over a fall out with Nadia, and was replaced by Anna’s current co-host Paul Carrick Brunson, who runs a dating agency of his own. Anna first appeared on the series in 2019 and fell pregnant that same year. She went on to praise Channel 4, calling them “amazing” for the way they handled her baby news and for how they encouraged her to make the Celebs Go Dating role her own, despite "inheriting" it from Nadia.     “This job has been such a gift for me; it really is my most favourite job and I’ve been blessed to have some lovely jobs,” she began. “It's so lovely that we all feel very much part of a little family, where we come together for several months a year and we make this very entertaining and very worthwhile show." Anna has teamed up with Virgin Money to highlight the importance of equal family leave for working parents through their new employee benefits package ‘A Life More Virgin’. Despite loving working on the show, the dating expert recalled her fears when she discovered she was pregnant on the job, admitting she wasn’t sure whether to share her news with her employer at first.      “There was a moment, when I fell pregnant with my daughter during the beginning of my second series, of, ‘Oh gosh, oh no - I hope they don't think I don't want the job anymore!’ “I was worried they would think that I wouldn’t be capable of doing the job and that fear definitely did go through me, but it's an amazing duty of care.” “They were discreet and they were extremely supportive from day one. So I'm very lucky. It’s such a great show to work on.” Speaking on the issue of shared maternity and paternity leave, Anna said: “You know what? We’re told we can do it all and you still can do it all, but things absolutely need to be brought up to speed.     “As women, we birth our children and that's a wonderful gift, but if birth partners want to have equal parity when it comes to being able to be a working parent, then I think it absolutely should reflect on both parents, not just the one who physically gives birth.” As people settle back into office life, childcare becomes an issue once again, and recent research by the bank has shown that 60 per cent of working parents or parents-to-be would switch jobs for better parental leave, while 14 per cent have actually left a job for this reason. Anna Williamson has teamed up with Virgin Money to launch its new employee benefits package, ‘A Life More Virgin’, which includes equal family leave, 30 days of holiday and an additional five paid wellbeing days to all colleagues from day one of their employment. Anna’s new book Where is the Love?: The Honest Guide to Dating and Relationships is also available to purchase online and in bookstores now. Celebs Go Dating is available now on All 4.   