Inheritance tax (IHT) allowances were frozen by the Chancellor Rishi Sunak until 2025/26 in a momentous decision. At the time, some experts described the move as a “stealth tax”, as inflationary pressures would mean more people are dragged into the tax net over time. This appears to have been further evidenced by the latest data showing another rise in inheritance tax receipts. The receipts for IHT for April 2021 to January 2022 were yesterday confirmed as £5billion - some £0.7 billion more than the same period last year. Myron Jobson, Senior Personal Finance Analyst at interactive investor, provided insight. He said: “The taxman’s coffers are brimming with cash thanks to a bumper haul of tax receipts which far outstrips takings during the lockdown tax year. READ MORE: State pension payments confirmed to rise this year “The UK Government needs every tax pound it can get to address the colossal bill for various Covid support measures, as well as to pay for its ambitious spending commitments. “To help the UK achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050, and on its levelling up programme, for example.” Mr Jobson highlighted that in years to come, more people should expect to be liable for inheritance tax. Indeed, those who were already liable could find they face a higher bill due to the growing value of assets. DON'T MISSBritons could slash inheritance tax bill - take action this tax year [ANALYSIS]‘Paid my dues!’ Pensioner, 73, furious as state pension frozen [VIDEO]Pension alert: Women face gap of £7,500 per year - 'be prepared!' [EXCLUSIVE] He added: “The latest hike in IHT receipts is once again influenced by the freezing of the nil rate and residence nil rate bands until at least April 2026. “This results in many estates being dragged into the tax charge threshold on the back of a surge in property prices and stock market recovery from the Covid induced crash. “IHT increasingly feels like a raid on hard working families with modest assets, property being the largest, rather than the very wealthy it was originally targeted at.” However, inheritance tax is not the only tax burden Britons are set to face in the coming months and years. The personal tax-free allowance, alongside the higher tax threshold and Capital Gains Tax allowances have all been frozen. Like IHT, this will occur until the 2025/26 tax year. But Mr Jobson also touched upon the impending changes to National Insurance. He added: “The tax burden is set to be compounded further still, with National Insurance set to increase from April, putting further strain on incomes. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Workers are set to pay 1.25p more in the pound from their wages - and who knows what the upcoming spring Statement will hold.” Inheritance tax is currently set at 40 percent of the value of an estate above a certain threshold. For most people, this threshold usually sits at £325,000, but can vary according to circumstances.