That stuff was pretty “blah”. But I’m fixating on one detail of the survey, and one detail alone. We’re told the optimum number of times to have sex in a week is five! Obviously, I’ve no idea how you responded to that information. It could be you shrugging your shoulders nonchalantly, thinking: “Five? Doesn’t everyone?” You may even be scoffing contemptuously: “Only five? Good Lord, we manage that on a Sunday alone!” I prefer to imagine, however, that your reaction would be a little closer to mine which goes like this: “Five? What? I must need new glasses… Goodness, it really does say five! Who on earth were they talking to?” Before this earth-shattering information, most of us have long been happily in the dark about other couples’ performance ratios. We’ve been comfortably ignorant of how many times everyone else is doing it. Yet, somewhere along the way we somehow absorbed the notion that most of us indulge twice a week maximum. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This filament of knowledge enabled us to feel fine about partaking just once in seven days. Once was good. It proved we still had it and placed us only a fraction below our assumed average of twice. In fact, the vague notion that twice was pretty much the norm made it acceptable to spend entire weeks defrosting the freezer and knitting antimacassars. If we didn’t indulge for a fortnight we’d only fallen behind the national average by a mere four frolics. If ever we could be bothered to muster up the inclination, it wouldn’t be a hectic nightmare to make up our lost tally. Twice is fine. It’s a goal at least theoretically within our grasp. Five times, though? Five is the stuff of heaving, panting, throbbing films starring Sharon Stone. Five sounds like a pentathlon segment to test the average slacker beyond endurance. A penance not a pleasure. I’ve hidden my copy of the Daily Express with that survey in, hoping my fiancé will never peruse the offending article. -------- Never did I imagine recommending that you commit the sagacious apercus of Coleen Rooney to memory. But that was before I saw the Rooneys’ candid documentary including Coleen’s robust and courageous response to critics. “I am who I am. He is who he is. We are what we are and that’s that. Life is for living, life goes on, life is not perfect at all and you know what… it’s our life, no one else’s.” Well, it may not be Shakespeare’s “To be or not to be...” soliloquy but boy, Coleen is succinct, superb and spot-on. Money, fame, talent and adulation do not guarantee serenity or peace of mind. I’m thinking of having her wise words printed on a T-shirt. -------- What does the success of the Tinder lothario jailed for swindling £140,000 out of a susceptible millionairess say about love in 2022? Richard Dexter, 38, boasted on a dating app, “I bought a hot-air balloon yesterday just because I could.” Amrita Sebastian was apparently so beguiled by Dexter’s braggadocio that she was swiftly parted from large chunks of her fortune when he claimed that he needed urgent injections of cash. Whatever happened to modesty and thinking it vulgar to refer to your bank balance? Where is the poetry, the suitor’s mix-tape, the tenderness? An infamous singer once said to me: “Vanessa I’m a rock star. I own a helicopter. Do you want a ride on my chopper?” I politely refused. -------- Spare a thought for Sir Kenneth Branagh. The poor chap didn’t get a second to enjoy basking in the praise heaped upon him for his mesmerising autobiographical film Belfast before he had to take cover as critics rained insults upon his performance as Poirot in Death On The Nile. What is he to think? Is he a superlatively sensitive writer-director-actor oozing magical powers to entrance audiences, or a predictable plodder cranking out a creaky couple of hours of leaden tedium? How can one bloke get it so resoundingly right and so horribly wrong simultaneously? Perhaps we should wait. Time alone will tell if Death On The Nile becomes a classic and Belfast fades into obscurity. Stranger things have happened. -------- I wonder if Brooklyn Beckham has played a blinder. Attempting to launch himself as an online chef, he eventually produced a messy fried-fish sandwich but only after someone else had actually fried the fish and a 62-strong production team had attended to the fiddly bits. But perhaps Brooklyn is astute and has realised that we’re deluged by competent chefs. There are inspired cooks showing off their skills all over the shop. A cack-handed fellow who can’t tell his whisk from his spatula might turn out to be exactly what we’re all missing. -------- Katy Perry is planning to hit the road on another world tour but informs us that she’ll stage it around her daughter’s milestones because she doesn’t want to miss the chance to see 17-month-old Daisy on her first day of pre-school. Surely what she means is: Daisy’s life will have to be lived around my tour. I’ll schlep her from hotel to airport to Winnebago and back until she absolutely has to be at home in one place to go to school and I’ll hire a team of nannies to ease the pressure. Surely it’s tough enough to combine work with family life without carting a toddler around the globe?