Manchester United's decision to sign Portuguese superstar Cristiano Ronaldo was lauded by many but his team-mate's struggles to adjust to him, coupled with other factors, has seen the Red Devils' attack suffer at times this term. And that has reportedly given the club a reason to retain 'tentative' interest in Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. United's plethora of attacking options seemed to be in good stead with the signing of Ronaldo in the summer, given that Edinson Cavani, Anthony Martial, Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford could also play upfront if needed. But Ronaldo's poor form before the Christmas months allowed others the chance to step up - and none of them took it. Cavani has struggled to play consecutive games due to a succession of injuries which are understandable given that he is 35. Elsewhere, Greenwood was suspended by the club last month after allegations made against him, meaning he was no longer an option to fill in for Ronaldo. And with Rashford and Martial both showing poor form, the latter was sent out on loan to Sevilla to rediscover his best, while Rashford has come under intense criticism for his abject performances. As a result, United want to sign a more consistent striker in the summer according to a newsletter by the Independent's Miguel Delaney, with the outlet claiming United have a 'tentative interest' in Nunez's services. The paper claims that manager Ralf Rangnick has been vocal about the need to strengthen in the summer. His move from manager to technical director will mean the German will oversee operations including shaping the club's vision, finances and philosophy to set them up for the future. As a result, United are prepared to spend to bring targets in, including Nunez. The Independent claims that there is a 'tentative interest' in the Uruguayan, although United will be rivalled by West Ham for his signature. The Hammers had a £50million bid rejected for him in January following the sale of Sebastian Haller to Ajax. But it would appear United are frontrunners for the star but much may go down to which club qualifies for the Champions League. Nunez, 22, signed for Benfica from Spanish side Almeria in 2020 for a fee of £20m. Since, his goal tally has improved massively, going from 14 goals in 44 games last season to 23 in 29 in the current campaign. United take on Watford on Saturday afternoon in a bid to retain their top-four spot. 