Painting your walls is time-consuming and costly, so it would be really frustrating to accidentally remove paint from the walls when cleaning them. Don’t let oily stains and dirt hide the brilliance of your painted walls! Wash them frequently to ensure maximum vibrance. Not sure how to do this without ruining your paint? Here’s how, according to Dulux. Whether you’re doing a big spring clean or cleaning specific marks and stains off of walls, there are a few simple do's and don’t's when it comes to washing your walls. Most experts recommend giving your walls a clean in the spring or summer, and again in autumn or winter, but most of us totally forget to do the chore for years in a row. Your walls make up a huge surface area of your home, so don’t let them get coated in dust, grease, spider webs and smoke stains. This job is absolutely essential if you’re hoping to sell your home and you’re not giving your walls a fresh lick of paint. But, if you don’t do it right you could be costing yourself more money and causing a lot more stress.  READ MORE- ‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds Start by dusting off any excess dirt using a cloth-covered broom or mop. This will prevent dirt and grime from being smeared around when you wash your walls. You could even attach a microfibre dust cloth to a long-handled sweeper and use that if you can’t reach every corner of the walls.  Get some soft sponges and cloths for the washing process to avoid scratching the paintwork. Use warm, soapy water (using your mildest cleaning detergent) and a soft sponge to gently clean your walls. Don’t over-soak your sponge, as too much liquid could result in water stains being left on your walls. Leave the soapy solution to sit on the walls for five to 10 minutes. Then, rinse off the detergent using clean water and let the walls dry.  DON'T MISS...Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INFORMER]When to prune hydrangeas - Best time to cut back hydrangea [INSIGHT]Phil Spencer shares ‘number one tip’ for updating the home on a budget [EXPLAINER]  If your walls have stains on them, you’re going to need to spot-treat the marks. To remove greasy stains from your walls, Dulux recommended using an old cleaning favourite: white vinegar. Mix one cup of white vinegar into a bucket of warm water, and use a soft sponge to tackle stubborn stains. You can also try using washing-up liquid and warm water.  If you have glossy paint on the walls, don’t use white vinegar! Glossy finishes are less durable when it comes to cleaning, so avoid harsh substances and consider using heat instead. Place an absorbent cloth over the oil stain and heat the cloth with an iron on its lowest heat setting. The heat should emulsify the oil so that it soaks into the cloth. 