John Dempsey is the gardening expert at garden and general house utensils company Housetastic. He recommended that gardeners start preparing their gardens for spring at the end of February or early March. John has shared his top tips to make the most of your garden once temperatures start to rise. The first thing to do is tidy the garden. The gardening expert said: “Take some time to carefully clear away any debris left over from winter. “Remove weeds, dead plants and flower debris from flower beds as, ideally, you want to begin the new season with a clear garden bed.” John added: “Ensure weeds are completely removed from the soil, pulling them up by the roots and eliminating the chance of them sprouting again further down the line.” READ MORE: Property: Britons face new rules on paving driveways The expert’s second tip is to “tend to existing plants before planting new bulbs”. John said: “Between late winter and early spring is the ideal time to prune back old wood on trees and certain shrubs. “In addition, trim any broken or dead branches off trees and shrubs to help keep the plants healthy.” Once the weather starts getting warmer, it is also a good idea to start mowing and reseeding any areas of the garden that have been damaged by bad weather.  February is a good time to start tending to the lawn, but John stressed: “Try and identify the soil temperature as this will provide a better indicator of whether the lawn is ready to be maintained. “While the air may feel warm, the soil can take a bit longer to warm up from winter. “There are specialised soil thermometers which can be purchased from garden centres, but a simple household thermometer will also provide adequate readings.” Generally speaking, the optimum spring temperature for soil and lawns is around 13°C to 18°C. Adding and using compost in your garden is a good idea for spring 2022, according to John. “The benefit of using compost is enormous,” he said. “Compost acts as a food source and a probiotic, making the soil more fertile and efficient and maintaining the soil’s ecosystem. “Not only is compost beneficial for soil, but it removes carbon from the atmosphere and stores it into the soil, which is beneficial for proper regenerative farming.” A good composting tip is to “use a bin as it keeps the compost in one place and can be repositioned to best suit the garden it is in”. “Bins also retain more warmth and moisture, making better compost faster than an open heap,” John added. Lastly, John advised planting some vegetables now in time for spring and summer. He explained: “You should sow seeds indoors, ideally placed on a warm windowsill. “The plants can then be transferred outside once the weather properly warms up in mid-spring. Plants such as tomatoes and even potatoes are ideal for starting indoors.” The gardening expert added: “There are more hardy vegetables which can be sown outside straight away, for example, onions and garlic - just ensure the conditions are optimal. “Choose an area which allows free-draining soil, warm and sunny, and ideally sheltered from strong winds.”