Chelsea face Liverpool in today's Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium with both teams set to battle it out for the first piece of domestic silverware of the 2021-22 season. Both teams have been in strong recent form ahead of what should be an exciting showdown. Chelsea are fresh from winning silverware having won the FIFA Club World Cup earlier in February. The Blues qualified for that competition courtesy of their Champions League success last term, and boss Thomas Tuchel will hope to add yet another trophy to the club's cabinet. The west Londoners have won nine of their last 11 fixtures across all competitions since a 2-2 draw with Liverpool in January. Liverpool are in even better form. Klopp’s side have won 10 of their 11 matches since that game. Manchester City’s recent slip-up has seen Liverpool move back in contention for the Premier League title.   Chelsea face Liverpool in Sunday’s showdown. The match will kick off at 4:30pm. JUST IN: Seaman delivers surprise verdict on Marcelo Bielsa leaving Leeds In the event of a draw, the match will go to extra time. If both teams remain level at 120 minutes, a penalty shootout will take place. Both teams’ last League Cup finals went to penalties. Liverpool lost 3-1 in spot-kicks against Man City in 2016.  The Reds also defeated Cardiff City on penalties in 2012. Chelsea took Man City right down to the wire in 2019, eventually losing 4-3 on penalties. That game was made famous for goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga’s apparent refusal to be substituted before the shootout.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd may give Rashford a different position after Watford drawChelsea 'may still face sanctionst' despite Abramovich step backSeaman delivers surprise verdict on Marcelo Bielsa leaving Leeds A penalty shootout seems likely given both teams are of similar quality. They have each been in similar form of late. They have also drawn in both meetings this season. A 1-1 draw at Anfield on match-day three of the Premier League campaign saw Chelsea hold on despite being reduced to 10 men in the first half. Reece James saw red for a handball on the goal-line, which prompted the penalty that Mohamed Salah despatched. Chelsea then fought back from 2-0 down to draw 2-2 at Stamford Bridge in January. Their last meeting in a final went to penalties. Liverpool won 5-4 in the 2019 European Super Cup shootout.   Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 