Ukraine – nicknamed the bread-basket of Europe – accounted for eight percent of all wheat exports last year, with most of the 32 million tonnes it produced sold abroad. Together, Ukraine and Russia account for a third of the world’s wheat exports. Growing tensions in the region had already led to a £15 per tonne rise –with the wheat futures price leaping another £30 per tonne on Thursday to £260. Grain trader Ben Schadla-Hall said: “Prices have absolutely gone though the roof. We have not had a chance to catch our breath yet. Phones have been ringing off the hook – it’spretty insane.” Another industry figure said some wheat purchases were being delayed in the hope that the situation settles down. Matthew Jewers, managing director of processing and storage firm Jewers Grain, said: “This war places in doubt the availability of that wheat coming on to the international market.” The jump in the price of wheat is likely to benefit UK arable farmers, but fertiliser and fuel costs are also rising sharply. Another concern is that Russia – which is on track to grow 76 million tonnes of grain this year, almost double what it needs to feed its people – will use exports as a weapon in retaliation to Western sanctions. Data from the price comparison website Trolley.co.uk shows average bread prices in the UK have risen by 4.6 percent in the past 12 months. An 800g Kingsmill white loaf has risen by 8p to £1.03. A 400g Warburtons Danish Lighter white loaf has gone up by 13p, or almost 14 percent, to an average of £1.08. Meanwhile, the average cost of flour is up five percent, with some popular brands jumping even more. A 1.1kg bag of McDougalls plain flour has leapt 17 percent to £1.42 over the past 12 months. Wheat prices had already been rising because of poor harvests and growing demand. It is essential for a range of products from pasta to animal feed. Any further rise in prices for shoppers here will pile pressure on households reeling from the cost-of-living squeeze. Yet oil prices, which had jumped to $106 a barrel on Thursday, eased yesterday. By late afternoon, Brent crude had dipped back to $97. However, analysts believe it could prove to be a temporary reprieve. Bjarne Schieldrop, at the Nordic bank SEB, said: “A continued tight oil market can drive the oil price to where it starts to hurt consumers, at around $120 to $145.” Motoring groups warn that could lead to petrol prices soaring to £1.70 a litre. Stock markets, too, staged a recovery after Thursday’s meltdown. In London, the FTSE 100 jumped 282 points, or 3.9 percent. The London Stock Exchange suspended the membership of VTB Capital, owned by one of Russia’s biggest banks. The wholesale price of gas also dropped yesterday by more than a fifth, after the previous day’s spike. The fall came as investors digested the fact that sanctions against Russia did not extend to gas and oil exports. Russia supplies about 40 percent of Europe’s gas, and flows of gas to the continent actually increased yesterday. It also exports 6-7 percent of global oil supplies.