Arsenal have had a high turnover of players in recent years as they continue to claw their way back to the former glory days under Arsene Wenger. Mixed success in the transfer window during the final stages of Wenger’s reign – which ended in 2018 – has continued under Unai Emery and now Mikel Arteta.   Express Sport has identified five former Gunners who are surprisingly still playing in 2022. Lukas Podolski Podolski’s ferocious left-footed piledrivers made him a cult hero at the Emirates Stadium. The forward signed from Koln in the summer of 2012 and made 82 appearances for the North Londoners. He scored a very respectable 31 goals during his time at the club – including a couple of memorable strikes. Podolski fell out of favour under Wenger in 2014-15 and spoke publicly about his lack of game time in November 2014. He said: "Of course I am not happy with my situation right now. I can't be satisfied with that. It is hard when you can't do what you love." A loan to Inter Milan followed in the January transfer window before he signed for Galatasaray in the summer.   Podolski has gone on to play in Japan and Turkey and now features for Gornick Zabrze in Poland. JUST IN: James Rodriguez points finger of blame at Rafa Benitez for exit Alex Song   Song was one of several stars who were signed during Arsenal’s infamous quest to replace Patrick Vieira in midfield. Acquired on an initial loan deal from Bastia in 2005, Song impressed but was sent to Charlton in a temporary deal the following year after making his move to North London permanent. The former Cameroon international went on to play 205 times for Arsenal. He developed a fruitful relationship with Robin van Persie and many of his 23 assists for the club set up the Dutchman’s goals. A £15m transfer to Barcelona in 2012 was reward for his good form but he played just 65 times in three years for the LaLiga club. Song returned to the Premier League for two loan spells at West Ham in 2014-15 and 2015-16 and has since featured for Rubin Kazan, Sion and Arta Solar 7, who play in the Djibouti top-flight. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Santi Cazorla Attacking midfielder Cazorla was one of the most exciting players in the Premier League in the early 2010s. Elegant and two-footed with an eye for an assist or a goal, the Spaniard was a key player under Wenger. But injuries hindered Cazorla’s impact at Arsenal. A serious achilles injury, described by Wenger as the worst he had seen, kept the now-37-year-old out for 636 days. “I’m a jigsaw puzzle,” he quipped to the Guardian in 2018 as surgery has left him with an achilles made out of a rolled-up hamstring and a metal plate in his foot. But, heroically, Cazorla continues to play on. He signed for former club Villarreal in 2018 and played 92 times. A move to Al Sadd followed in 2020 and he continues to turn out for the Qatari side.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd next manager demand by Neville after Pochettino backed for jobMan Utd confusion, Kane's Spurs future - PL Talking PointsMan Utd star Fernandes responds after Scholes calls him 'too soft' Gael Clichy French left back Clichy had to wait until Ashley Cole’s controversial January 2006 departure before becoming a key player at Arsenal, but became a mainstay under Wenger for the next six years. He played 264 times for the Gunners and became a fans’ favourite. But Clichy risked fracturing that relationship when he completed a transfer to Manchester City, who were very much in the infancy of their mega-rich ownership. He went on to add to his one Premier League title with Arsenal by twice lifting the top-flight with City. Pep Guardiola used Clichy for a year following his 2016 appointment but a desire for younger, more dynamic full-backs prompted the former France international’s departure. Clichy, who is now 36, signed for Istanbul Basaksehir and has played for Swiss side Servette since December 2018. His contract expires at the end of the season.       Carl Jenkinson Jenkinson was signed from Charlton in 2011 in the hope he would develop into a long-term option for the right back position. But the boyhood Arsenal fan’s Gunners career failed to take off. Still on the club’s books eight years after signing, he had made just 70 appearances in that time – and most of those came in the first few years. Jenkinson spent two seasons on loan at West Ham before joining Nottingham Forest in 2019. A high turnover of managers at players at the County Ground have worked against the defender, though, and he currently finds himself on loan at Melbourne City.   