Day two of F1 testing in Barcelona hit several issues with two drivers suffering faults on their cars, forcing both sessions on Thursday to be red flagged. The first day of testing went without a single interruption as Lando Norris and both Ferraris set the early pace. Drivers and teams try not to read too much into the timesheets during pre-season testing as different set-ups are tried and tested throughout the week. Norris even joked on Twitter: "Productive day, but annoyed I'm P1. Now you gonna think we fast and waaaaay over hype us. Omegalul." Most teams opted to split their drivers for the two sessions on Wednesday, although day two saw Daniel Ricciardo, Sergio Perez, Esteban Ocon, Pierre Gasly and Guanyu Zhou all given their first run in the cars. But Perez's run in the morning session in the RB18 proved to be short-lived as he brought out the first red flag of testing. JUST IN: Helmut Marko refutes Lewis Hamilton threat to Max Verstappen  The Mexican was running his 39th lap of the day and was clocking up good time on the track. But he came to a stop in the final sector with Red Bull later confirming that a gearbox issue caused Perez to end his session early. And there was no sign of Perez at the start of the afternoon session with Red Bull continuing to work on his car. The afternoon session was running smoothly until Nikita Mazepin brought out a second red flag of the day. DON'T MISS  The Russian had completed just nine laps before his VF-22 came to a halt in the third sector. Haas have now confirmed that Mazepin's stoppage was due to a damaged fuel pump on his car. There are certain hopes and expectations to see Haas putting in a much better challenge than last year. Mick Schumacher is a popular figure in the paddock and Fernando Alonso hopes to see the son of F1 legend Michael Schumacher winning races in the near future. “I really like Mick,” he told RTL. “He is a very talented driver but as a person, I really like him. “I think he had a tough first year because the Haas was not competitive at all. “This year everything is new, the Haas could be a competitive car. If that happens, I think Mick will show more of what he is capable of. “I think he has a great future and not because the name Schumacher is on his helmet. “He proved in the different categories he has the talent, the natural talent. I think he has a great future.”