He says it distracts workers from doing their jobs and that he is finding it increasingly difficult to carry out his duties due to a daily barrage of woke emails and bulletins from his bosses. Naturally he has complained and was promptly called a racist. The quango in question is NHS Health Education England (HEE), which takes £4bn of our money each year and expects staff to attend courses on “white privilege” or “unconscious bias” at a cost of £141 per head for over four hours. HEE’s defence? It claims to be a “diverse, people-focused, inclusive organisation”. The most telling remark he makes however is: “I don’t think I would have spoken up about this if I did not have a mixed-race background”. That can only mean that workers are afraid to speak their minds and that in itself makes for a “toxic” workplace. It also gives the lie to claims of being diverse and inclusive since not all views are welcome. Mr Scarborough is, alack, not the only Briton who feels doubtful about speaking his mind in this once-free country. I have lost count of the number of times I have heard people say “but you can’t say that these days”. In a truly free country any view other than exhortations to violence or serious crime should be able to be heard. Criticise a woman and up goes the cry of misogyny but criticise a man and nobody cries misandry. Indeed, I doubt if half the country even knows what the word means. Positive discrimination is acceptable for black people but not white and ditto for females but not males. We simply do not have equality in any meaningful sense of the word. No freedom, no equality. The generation which fought the Second World War must be turning in its grave. --------- Nobody does pageantry as the British do it and our often quaint but oh, so precisely choreographed, ceremonies are beamed around the world. We have not seen a coronation since the middle of the last century and when the next one comes it will be the centre of enormous and eager global interest. So, although Prince Charles, is right to slim down not only the monarchy but also the archaic and lengthy coronation service, he must be equally careful not to throw the public’s baby out with the royal bathwater. As for de-emphasising Christianity, I hope the Archbishop of Canterbury will see fit to remind him that upon ascending the throne, he will become Supreme Governor of the Church of England or whatever is left of it. --------- The Daily Express intervened last week to help a woman visit her 102-year-old mother in a care home, where bosses had refused her the status of essential caregiver. That decision has now been reversed. That is a happy and just outcome but there should be not a single home left in the entire country which is still adhering to this heartless policy, which many would say should never have been enacted in the first place and I give thanks that I am not at the mercy of these callous beings. It is not the responsibility of the press but of the Care Quality Commission to enforce some humanity and of the Government to hold it to account, so let them do just that. Pronto. --------- New York used to be one of the most lawless cities in the world. Then along came Rudy Giuliani in 1994 with his policy of zero tolerance and the crime rate dropped dramatically. In other words, it can be done. Yet in this country, it isn’t done. Burglaries are virtually ignored, gang crime is rife in London, as are drugs everywhere. Knife crime is at an all-time high and confidence in the police is at an all-time low. Yet our once loved and much respected boys in blue have time to “check people’s thinking”, arrest street preachers and investigate “non-crime hate incidents”. They spend precious time “promoting diversity” instead of keeping the streets safe. Indeed they are rarely seen on the streets. The next Met Chief must focus on crime, not political correctness and the mere fact I have to write that shows the depths of the lunacy into which policing has descended. --------- Kurt Zouma is a thug. There is no other word for a large, physically powerful man who derives entertainment from drop-kicking and then slapping a defenceless cat. Yet this brute was kept playing by West Ham United. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The irony is that if some tweet had been unearthed from his teenage years which supposedly proved him misogynistic or racist or homophobic then he would have been dropped more quickly than a hot brick. Odd sense of proportion, isn’t it? --------- Liz Truss, has been much mocked for wearing a heavy coat and thick fur hat in Moscow. Doesn’t she know, gloat the commentators, that it’s not cold in Moscow at this time of year? I have just looked up the weather in Moscow. The temperature is minus-three. That’s quite enough to make me reach for the thermals and winter woollies. --------- Well done to the Duchess of Cambridge on her reading of the children’s story about an owlet afraid of the dark, but I am tired of reading all the commentary about its hidden psychological meaning and the subconscious messages it imparts to children. What is wrong with just enjoying it as an enchanting and entertaining story?