Earlier this week, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge visited Denmark as part of a working visit with The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. The Duchess visited many organisations across Copenhagen during her visit, and she released her inner child while visiting the Lego Foundation PlayLab on Tuesday, delighting royal fans by taking a spin on the centre's slide.  While at the Lego Foundation PlayLab this week, Kate touched upon how Lego had been a big part of half-term activities in the Cambridge household recently. And it seems Kate's three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, are big Lego enthusiasts. According to Kate, her children were "very jealous" when they found out she would be spending so much time around Lego without them during her trip abroad. She said: "My children are very jealous they weren't coming to see the Lego Foundation.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Sophie swipes 'Children's Princess' crown "They were like, 'hang on, there's Lego and we're not coming?"' Kate was obviously in her element during her Lego Foundation visit, with her glee clear for all to see as she toured the fun facility. So now Kate has returned to the UK, she was quite possibly met with an envious reception by her Lego-loving royal children. Prince William has previously spoken about his eldest child's love of Lego, commenting that Prince George "would love this" when he viewed a Lego model of a McClaren 720S sports car at McLaren Automotive’s headquarters in 2017.   He added: "My son’s very into Lego and he’d love this. It’s incredible." The Duchess of Cambridge had previously hinted that Lego could feature in her trip to Denmark when her planned visit abroad was announced on social media earlier this year. A video on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Twitter account showed Kate building a Danish flag out of the classic toy bricks. The accompanying caption read: "Looking forward to learning from experts, parents & practitioners about Denmark's approach to early childhood later this month.  DON'T MISS:Royal tour timeline: Every tour senior royals will undertake this year [EXPLAINER]Camilla announces key priority as Queen - 'Wonderful endorsement' [INSIGHT]Why today is a sad day for Prince William and Prince Harry [ANALYSIS] "Denmark is a beacon of best practice in its approach to the early years, with a culture which prioritises the best start in life." Kate concluded the message with the Danish phrase, "På snarligt gensyn," which translates as "see you soon". Kate's visit to Denmark, a nation widely considered to be a world leader in the field of early years development, has been regarded as a big success. The Duchess' official Twitter account released a message on Thursday, which read: "As we come to the end of our time here in Denmark, we’ve learnt so much about the innovative work that prioritises social and emotional development in early childhood. "The research and support for infants’ mental health & well-being is inspiring and has sparked plenty of ideas for The Royal Foundation Centre of Early Childhood’s future work. "A massive thank to everyone we met along the way - from academics to health visitors, parents and children - and for the stories people have shared throughout our stay." 