Arsenal staff believe Mikel Arteta's decision to break up an 'influential' trio of players in the dressing room has already reaped its rewards. Arteta chose to let Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leave the club on a permanent basis in January. Aubameyang was not going to feature for the Gunners while the Spanish manager was at the club, so a departure was deemed best for all parties. Aubameyang was a hugely popular member within the Arsenal squad. His friendship with Alexandre Lacazette was clear for everyone to see. Lacazette has now replaced the 32-year-old as club captain and also taken his spot in the starting XI. Nicolas Pepe was also close to Aubameyang during the striker's time at the club. JUST IN: Man Utd given handy chance to land striker as good as Harry Kane for much cheaper fee  The Athletic claims Aubameyang, Lacazette and Pepe were an influential group in the Gunners dressing room. However, the report says Arsenal staff believe breaking up that trio is another positive of Aubameyang's exit. Lacazette has not had the return in terms of goals but has been a key member both on and off the pitch. "I'm really happy for Laca," Arteta told Amazon Prime after the Wolves win. DON'T MISSJesse Marsch's honest RB Leipzig admission will worry Leeds amid relegation dogfight [QUOTES]Man Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba [REPORT]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION]  "He's worked so hard and some days he's been getting stick, and his personal situation, and his contract and everything. "I'm extremely happy with him and proud of him because he keeps fighting." Pepe, meanwhile, looks a different player since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations. Arteta said that himself before the winger scored the vital equaliser against Wolves last Thursday.  He said it again in his post-match press conference, commenting: “I told you last week, I see a different Nico. “I don’t know, it’s his energy, his happiness, his all-round play, how he’s training, I was convinced that he could come in and do something for the team. “He’s on the right path and when you’re able to do that and contribute to the team, you’re going to get more minutes. “The more minutes you have, you need to make the most out of them in training every single day and show what you can do. He has the ability to do it, that’s for sure.”  Arsenal need their entire squad on the same page if they are to reach their goal of qualifying for the Champions League this season. Breaking up the relationship the three players had built could go a long way to doing that.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here