Chelsea will be allowed to wear the Club World Cup badge for the rest of the Premier League season despite rivals Liverpool and Manchester United having been denied the honour previously. Chelsea beat Palmeiras 2-1 in the final two weeks ago after a Kai Havertz penalty and a Romelu Lukaku opener. It was the first time in their history that they had claimed the trophy after losing 1-0 to Corinthians at the same stage in 2012. As with other clubs such as Bayern Munich and Real Madrid, the holders usually wear the gold badge on the front of their shirts until the trophy switches hands. In the past, Liverpool and United have been denied the opportunity to do so. Yet Chelsea have broken the mould, according to the Sun, with Thomas Tuchel's players being granted permission to wear the badge until the tournament's finale next season. The report states that after requesting to have the badge adorned upon their shirt, FIFA accepted Chelsea's demands despite both Liverpool and United having failed in their previous attempts. Liverpool won the same tournament in 2019 after beating Monterrey 2-1 in the final, whilst United won it in 2008 after a gruelling 1-0 win over Ecuadorian side LDU Quito in Japan. But whilst the two north west teams not allowed to emblazon the badge showcasing their successes upon their return to the Premier League, Chelsea have been allowed to do so. The Blues wore the badge in what they thought was a one-off in the last-gasp win at Crystal Palace on Saturday. However, Premier League chiefs believe that Chelsea's argument of displaying English football as a huge success to the rest of the world is a fair one. And therefore, they have altered the rules. Liverpool were only allowed to wear it once and United were refused permission to wear it back in 2008, after they beat Chelsea in the Champions League final to reach the Club World Cup. The badge's next outing will be away at Burnley on March 5, with the Blues facing Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday but unlikely to have it on their chests then. In the final, Tuchel's side will be looking to lift the League Cup trophy for the first time since 2015. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer - 'It would work'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley 'even if he has one leg'Jurgen Klopp piles pressure on Man City as Liverpool boss talks up title race "Unfortunately, we don't play them again [in the league]. I don't know the results, but they look strong. It is what it is," Tuchel said of Liverpool earlier this week. "They got a huge player [Luis Diaz] in winter to make their squad stronger, and it is how it is. But we will not give in. I will not tell you that it is impossible to catch them, but there's no other way than to improve our game and style. "Win game after game, start winning consecutive games. There's no point in looking to City or Liverpool or looking behind. We have enough to deal with and enough to improve. From there we start."  