Immediately I considered it to be genocide. It was formally classified as such later by the United Nations too. But at the time I did my very best to let the world know what had happened by publicising what I had found in the international media. Two days later the Security Council of the United Nations, on a trip to Bosnia, visited my headquarters. I had requested that they might do that as I knew they were in Sarajevo at the time. After a briefing, I showed them the massacre site and some of the bodies still stuck in the debris at Ahmici. Some were immediately sick which was predictable. It was a foul situation. I recall asking the visiting President of the Security Council, Ambassador Diego Aria of Venezuela, whether the United Nations might establish a war crimes tribunal to deal with such atrocities as I felt pretty sure those responsible for the massacre would escape justice otherwise. The Ambassador certainly took the point and whether I was influential or not in the decision, the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Republic of Yugoslavia (ICTY) was established less than a month later. Personally, from 1997, I also gave evidence at the ICTY. I did so in four trials involving five men. Those accused were sentenced to long prison sentences; ranging from 15 to 45 years.  The massacre and experience of giving evidence at the Tribunal unsurprisingly had a deep impact on me. So, yesterday, during a Statement on Ukraine being made by the Prime Minister, I reminded the House of Commons that we must make it perfectly clear to anyone taking up arms in Ukraine that the World is watching how they act. To that end, I put a question to the Prime Minister: “I have given evidence at four war crimes trials. It was with genocide and crimes against humanity that those people had been charged. May I ask my right hon friend and the House to agree with me that any Russian who kills a Ukrainian must remember that one day they may well be brought to court for crimes against humanity or genocide?” The Prime Minister said: “Yes, and not just any Russian combatant, but anyone who sends a Russian into battle to kill innocent Ukrainians.”Later in the statement, the Prime Minister added to that by saying: “We are working on setting up a particular international war crimes tribunal for those involved in war crimes in the Ukraine theatre.” I hope though that we will not see ‘genocide’ as such in Ukraine. Genocide is the deliberate targeting of a set of people because of their race or religion. I feel certain that will not happen as Slavs are fighting Slavs. However, I definitely think that war crimes will have occurred or be about to happen.  They are almost inevitable in such a conflict. What is a war crime?  Well here are some instances I witnessed myself in Bosnia: I saw villages and towns full of civilians being shelled by artillery; fathers, mothers, and children lined up and shot outside their houses; and even one person crucified and then shot (I believe) on a barn door.