Charles (played by Kevin Mathurin) has been visiting Meena (Paige Sandhu) in prison after she reached out to him in a surprising phone call. The vicar has been hoping to persuade the Emmerdale villain to confess to all of her crimes which could be crucial as her plea hearing is just around the corner. Her sister Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) is one of the villagers who is desperate to see Meena get a lengthy prison sentence, but will she be left devastated if Charles has a change of heart about who he is supporting?  Despite being arrested, the police still have no evidence Meena murdered Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) and Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger). The villain has only confessed to killing Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon), but she explained his death was an accident and may get off with a manslaughter charge rather than a murder charge. Emmerdale fans will recall Meena also kidnapped her own sister and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) and tried to kill them in a barn located outside the village. Luckily the pair were saved by Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson), but they cannot prove Meena carried out the crimes which means a jury might not believe them. READ MORE: Blue Bloods Abigail Baker star sparks concern as she announces break  Meena has confessed her killings to Liam and Manpreet, but there is still no solid evidence so Manpreet has been relying on Charles to get her to open up. However, is Charles starting to fall for Meena's lies after meeting with her in prison? On Friday's instalment of the ITV soap, Charles told former vicar Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) it was becoming difficult to tell the truth from the lies. He later visited the criminal in prison who had been reading the Bible in her cell.  When she was allowed to sit with Charles, she exclaimed: "You came, I feel so bad about yesterday having to tell you what happened at the bridge with Manpreet, I guess you both spoke about it." A serious Charles warned her he did not want to discuss Manpreet and said: "If you have prepared another character assassination then I am walking out that door." A manipulative Meena told Charles she had been praying all morning he would visit her again as she wanted him to guide her through this next step in her life. When Charles asked her if she was serious about wanting to repent, Meena assured him it was the only thing she wanted to do. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Laurel Thomas after being made homeless? [SPOILER]Emmerdale's Marcus Dean goes into hiding after dark secret exposed? [THEORY]Emmerdale's Mandy Dingle tears apart couple in revenge plot? [LATEST] Charles directly asked her: "So this isn't just another one of your twisted games? How am I meant to believe you given everything you have done and all of the lies you have told?" She replied: "If you wanted to wash your hands of me I wouldn't blame you, I should have spoken out and I should have told people what happened with Ben and what was going on in my head." A tearful Meena added: "This isn't a game for me Charles." "If you are serious about wanting to repent I need you to start taking responsibility for your actions, I need you to confess all of your sins," he added.   Meena agreed to open up to Charles and admitted she was always desperate to be loved and started to break down again. 