This scam involves number spoofing, where criminals use technology to make the number that comes up on someone's phone appear as if it is a legitimate organisation such as someone’s bank, or the police. To combat the rise of the crime, Ofcom has drawn up proposals to make it harder for criminals to fake caller IDs when they phone people to try and steal from them. Once victims are convinced it is the organisation, fraudsters will ask customers for their personal details which will ultimately lead to “devastating consequences”. On BBC Money Box, Opa Oladejo spoke to reporter Dan Whitworth on how she fell victim to this scam. She had nearly £2,000 stolen after she was called by a criminal pretending to be from her bank. Ola said: “The number spoofing was the most important part. READ MORE: The Dragons’ Den rejects that became a ‘multimillion pound success story’ Ofcom is proposing changes to try and limit the number of spoofing cases. There are three main areas covered in the consultation.1 Dealing with fake UK numbers2 Stopping scammers using real numbers3 Using technology to combat spoof calls in the future Ofcom wants to be able to force phone companies to block calls from fake numbers. This would be done by telling phone companies to ensure that when calls use caller ID, it is a valid dial-able number and the person using the number has permission to do so. Lindsey Fussell, networks & communications group director at Ofcom, explained what firms will have to do under the new proposed plans. She said: “There are devastating consequences when you do fall victim to a scam. “Spoofing in particular and impersonating numbers can be a really key part of that, and makes you far more likely to fall for it if you think the number is a trusted one. “Some telecoms companies have already put measures in place to tackle the most common causes of spoofing. “So learning from that, what we are doing now is making sure all companies should implement these measure to block the maximum number of calls reaching customers that they can.” Ms Fussell explained that these changes will not be the last Ofcom make as these scams are forever evolving. Ofcom released the General Conditions in 2017 in a bid to stop the number of spoofing cases - asking providers to ensure caller ID provides a valid telephone number. Even five years later, Ms Fussell was confident of the “big impact” these new rules could have due to similar outcomes in the past. She said: “TalkTalk have told us that taking the measure to block the overseas calls has reduced their scam calls by 65 percent so we know these things can have a really big impact. “But scammers will find new ways of getting round them so I’m sure we will be back to update these rules again.” BBC Money Box is available to listen to on BBC Sounds.