Eamonn Holmes, 62, and his wife Ruth Langsford, 61, were one of the most popular TV couples as they co-presented This Morning together. However, Eamonn parted ways with ITV last year to move to GB News, separating the iconic partnership. In a new interview with The Daily Mail online, Eamonn shared the secret behind his and Ruth’s enduring love and how she copes with his female fanbase. Asked how Ruth would react to his female followers, Eamonn poked fun at his mobility problems due to back pains. He said: “She'll say, 'If they could only see you struggling to put on your socks in the morning.” The presenter continued: “For me, it was love at first sight. “I tease her still that she always regarded herself as too sophisticated for me. “She'd say, 'Daddy's in the Army,' and I got the impression he was a Brigadier-General, but it turned out that he ran the motor pool. “She just sounded posh as the Army paid for her to go to private school.” Despite having parted ways professionally, Eamonn still remains his wife’s most solid supporter. He admitted how “proud” he was of his former on-screen partner in spite of her having a “tough few years”. Ruth’s sister took her own life back in 2019, Eamonn confirmed. Ever since, she has taken “solace in her work”, presenting a variety of TV shows. Ruth has become a household name for ITV thanks to her work on Loose Women, This Morning and Do the Right Thing. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [NEWS]David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' [LATEST] Speaking to The Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine, Eamonn discussed Ruth’s work. He said: “It's been a tough few years. “She was her only sibling and they were very close,” Eamonn added in the interview earlier this month. “I'm proud she's been able to take comfort and solace in work.” Ruth and Eamonn hosted This Morning on Fridays and during school holidays from 2006 until last December. The famous couple have been married since 2010. Ruth remains on ITV as an anchor for Loose Women, while Eamonn moved on to presenting a new GB News breakfast show with Isabel Webster. Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary were appointed as Ruth and Eamonn’s permanent replacements.