Married at First Sight Australia is back both Down Under and now in the UK on E4 with more drama arising from each new episode. Viewers will get another round of the UK version later this year though which paired up contestants Franky Spencer and Marilyse Corrigan in 2021. During their stint on the reality show, fans were shocked by his treatment of the 37-year-old, with many labelling it as gaslighting. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight UK.Right from the get-go, viewers were left concerned by Franky as he made some awkward jokes about his wife, stating how he probably wouldn't get another "whole 10 minutes without [her] interrupting me". From there, the series continued to depict him making jokes which felt inappropriate and appeared as if he was trying to put Marilyse down. This led to a public outburst on social media with many saying he was "controlling" and called for Franky to be taken off the show. Domestic abuse charity Women's Aid even got involved, asking the producers and experts to "recognise abuse when it is happening". READ MORE: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley The statement read: "The relationship on-screen includes what looks like humiliation, belittling and intimidation — which is not what a healthy relationship looks like. These are all characteristics of coercive control, which has been a criminal offence since 2015. "Other contestants and experts on the show have also shared concerns over Franky’s behaviour towards his partner Marilyse — but it appears producers have overlooked this. "Abuse is not entertainment, and producers should step in when relationships on screen are taking a sinister turn." But despite the public's reaction to Franky in the reality series, Express.co.uk spoke to Marilyse who said she felt "awful" for her ex-husband. She explained: "I did not have a clue how it was going to be shown and when I was watching it, I was laughing at the things Franky was saying because at the time, I didn't get offended by anything. "I knew Franky inside and out, I spent that much time with him, when he said things to me that looked really bad on the TV that were edited to show his bad side and not his good, I just thought it was funny because he just comes out with right random stuff. "But when I watched it on TV and as they didn't show any of the good side of Franky, I was shocked, really really shocked. "The reaction from the public was just insane, I was receiving messages after messages from women on Instagram saying to me like 'please leave him' and 'my ex was like this' and it was really awful to be honest. "I appreciate the women who cared about the situation but at the same time, I did feel really, really bad for Franky. "He's a really harmless guy and it was edited for him to look the way he looked." DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A delight' [TRIBUTE]Domenica and Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Are they together? [CAST]Married At First Sight Australia 2022 UK release date [RELEASE DATE] Marilyse continued: "He's lovely all the time but 80 percent of the time he was so sweet and lovely and caring and generous and everything, protective and supportive. "And then suddenly, the 10-20 percent where he'd say daft things and not think before he said things, that's the only bit that got shown. "Franky was gutted because he was like 'they've shown 21 episodes and they've only shown the last three of me looking decent and 18 of them have been awful'. "It wasn't nice and I felt very upset by it to be honest." After filming the series, Marilyse and Franky stayed together for a few months. They were featured as a couple on the reunion special but ended their relationship a few weeks later. It isn't believed that either of them are dating anyone new at the moment. Married at First Sight Australia airs every day on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.