Tottenham could be given the upper hand in their pursuit of Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence this summer. Spence, who is currently on loan at Nottingham Forest, has been linked with a move to both Spurs and north London rivals Arsenal. However, the Gunners' need for the player may no longer be as great as Tottenham's. Tottenham and Arsenal each signed a right-back of their own last summer. Emerson Royal and Takehiro Tomiyasu were linked with both clubs. Brazilian Emerson ended up at Spurs and Arsenal signed Tomiyasu on deadline day. Tomiyasu has become a firm favourite with the Gunners support already. JUST IN: Arsenal can repeat Martinelli masterstroke and sign £12.5m ace after Kante admission  However, Emerson has failed to reach the levels expected of him since he left Barcelona. That led to Spurs showing interest in Spence in January, with ESPN claiming they had two offers rejected by Middlesbrough. The report said Spence will leave Boro in the summer though and Tottenham could be leading the way. That is because of the emergence of Cedric Soares at Arsenal, who has proven of late that he can be a capable back-up to Tomiyasu. DON'T MISSChelsea's new star man can help ease Thomas Tuchel's Romelu Lukaku issues [OPINION]Mohamed Salah sent Kenny Dalglish message as Liverpool star warned over Anfield exit [QUOTES]Chelsea expected XI vs Lille after Thomas Tuchel's revelation about six stars [TEAM NEWS]   Football.london claims Arsenal are one of 11 clubs interested in signing Spence. But the form of Cedric could change their stance on the player. The 30-year-old has a contract at the Emirates until the summer of 2024 after joining on a free transfer from Southampton in 2020. He has never been a regular under Mikel Arteta and will likely continue to be second choice behind Tomiyasu.  However, Cedric's performances in the two recent wins over Wolves and Brentford were arguably two of his best in an Arsenal shirt. He didn't have much defending to do against the Bees on Saturday but was a regular threat in the final third. Cedric provides a different option to Tomiyasu, who is a more defensive full-back than the Portuguese. If Cedric is happy playing second fiddle to the Japanese star, then there is no need for Arsenal to spend money on a new right-back.  That could therefore open the door for Spurs to complete a deal for Spence. Matt Doherty is clearly not favoured by Antonio Conte and Emerson has not settled as a wing-back. Spence has shown he definitely has the attacking prowess to be a wing-back and has often played there for Forest this season. Middlesbrough value the player at around £15million and Tottenham fell short of that with their offers in January. But as he enters the final two years of his contract, Spurs will surely be confident they can prise him away from the Riverside, especially if Arsenal's interest subsides.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here