 The Scottish Conservatives are seeking to scrap a scheme which would introduce a workplace parking levy (WPL) across the country. This scheme would enable councils to charge employers for office parking spaces, with business owners having the choice to pass the cost onto employees.  So far, Nottingham is the only city in the UK to implement a WPL, with employers being charged £415 per parking space per year. It is estimated that this scheme has generated around £64million since 2012, with the revenue being invested in public transport in the city. According to the WWF, 42 percent of the city’s workplace parking spaces are liable for the levy. More than 40 percent of journeys to work are now made by public transport. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique  Under Government regulations, the charge is levied on employers with 11 or more parking spaces and they can choose to pay it themselves or pass it onto employees. By law, any revenue raised from the scheme has to be spent on improving transport to increase options for commuters. Many UK towns and cities are considering parking levies as a way to tackle air quality and emissions targets. Leicester, Reading, Edinburgh and Bristol have all confirmed that a WPL is under consideration, as well as a handful of London boroughs. DON'T MISSDrivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [SHOCKING]Major UK city set to ban all vehicles at certain times with £50 fine [WARNING]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [ANALYSIS]  Many councils are looking at a WPL as a suitable option to lower emissions in their cities without needing to take additional measures like implementing a clean air zone. Scottish Conservative transport spokesman Graham Simpson will bring a vote to Holyrood’s net zero, energy and transport committee today to try to halt the legislation. Mr Simpson said: “The Scottish Conservatives will do everything we can to halt this punishing new tax. “Scottish businesses and their hard-working staff are dreading the introduction of this unfair scheme – and many are wondering how they are going to cope with the potentially exorbitant charges.  “As long as the SNP continue to fail to provide Scotland with a public transport system that is affordable and fit-for-purpose, punitive measures like this will have no environmental benefit. “Instead, this senseless tax will hit businesses and workers hard, slap bang in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis and our recovery from the pandemic.” Because the SNP and Greens have a majority, the attempt to derail the plan is unlikely to succeed. The Scottish Conservatives are also expected to bring a debate to Parliament on Wednesday.  Transport for London and the Mayor of London have supported plans to introduce WPLs in the capital as part of their traffic reduction strategies. They say it will help the city meet the Mayor’s aim that 80 percent of trips in London will be made by walking, cycling or by public transport by 2041. The London boroughs of Hounslow and Camden are considering implementing a WPL in their areas.