No Time To Die marked the end of Daniel Craig’s tenure as 007. The mantle of James Bond has been left open for grabs, with many of the biggest names in Hollywood circling it. It’s proving to be one of the more intense choices for the history of the Ian Fleming character, with endless speculation online on who could or should get the part. The latest Bond odds for the British superspy are narrowing down the selection, with popular choice Tom Hardy being left in the dust. Earlier this year Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson teased the search for 007 would begin in 2022. Speaking to Deadline’s Crew Call, Broccoli said that the first aim was to get the story idea finalised. They would then hunt for a director to take on the project, who would in turn work with them in finding the right star for this new version of Bond.  Hardy, along with Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page have both been fighting for the top spot for months. The Venom actor has dropped in the chances yet again to 4/1, while Page just beats him with 3/1 from Ladbrokes.  Both actors are still high in the rankings, with many other popular choices dropping out of contention in the last few weeks. READ MORE: Dawn French invited Prince Charles to see 'her beaver' in awkward m... It is nothing compared to Henry Cavill though. The Superman actor recently joined the race and has blasted past his fellow stars. Coming to the party late seems to have played off, as he is now at 11/4.  Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Henry Cavill has finally leapfrogged Regé-Jean Page to lead the way in the Bond betting, and the latest odds suggest it's at best a three-horse race to replace Daniel Craig as 007." But can Cavill remain ahead of Hardy as the final months begin to dwindle?   Cavill was recently asked about his chances of taking on the Bond role in an interview with The Times. In a cryptic response, the star was deliberately vague about his connection to the franchise. Cavill said: "Time will tell. You don’t know which direction they want to take Bond in and so I like to say that everything’s always on the table."  The 38-year-old star's next announced project is in the upcoming spy film Argylle. Little is known about the film, though there is a brief synopsis which reads: “World's greatest spy, Argylle, as he is caught up in a globe-trotting adventure.”  It will release later this year, though there is no specific premiere date, Matthew Vaughn is directing the movie, the filmmaker behind Kick-Ass, X-Men: First Class, Kingsman and Daniel Craig’s Layer Cake. DON'T MISS...Lisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection [INSIGHT]Freddie Mercury saw Wayne's World scene before he died and loved it [EXPLAINER]Next James Bond: Peaky Blinders actor 'rules himself out' of 007 role [INSIGHT] During the same interview, Cavill was asked about the similarities between the project and the enduring James Bond franchise, to which he replied: “It depends."  He added: "We could be talking about Daniel’s Bond, or whoever the next Bond is . . . They will probably be in their thirties or forties — or early forties. Maybe they’ll even go younger, like they were considering with me when it was down to me and Daniel."  The remaining frontrunners include Luther’s Idris Elba, 6/1, Happy Valley’s James Norton, 8/1 and The Tourist’s Jamie Dornan, 8/1.