A video showing a man by the name of Sakhashchyk Valery Stepanovych, a retired Belarus lieutenant colonel, was shared online showing him urging troops to not invade Ukraine and involve themselves in the conflict. Calling on "lads in blue vests" who are "sitting in forests" on the border of Ukraine with the intention of invading, the ex-military soldier said "many would not return home" if they involved themselves in the conflict. Military intelligence suggests Belarusian special forces have been loading onto planes to aid in the conflict as many fear a widening of the conflict. The video and translation was shared by Franak Viačorka, senior advisor to Belarusian human rights activist Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya. Mr Stepanovych is believed to be retired and living in Poland and is no longer tied to the Belarus military. However, reports say he is the former commander of the 38th Guards Mobile Brigade and is respected among his soldiers. He said in the video: "Lads in blue vests, just like what I've worn all my life, are sitting in the forest on the border with Ukraine. "And it looks like very soon they are going to participate in some bad business that may have catastrophic consequences for our country... "Likely, many will not return home alive, the Russian army with massive military experience has been in the waters for three days now - casualties number in the thousands." Mr Stepanovych said there would be "only shame" in the conflict and those involved would be "humiliated" by turning Belarus a "pariah for decades". He called upon his "brothers" to "not participate in this dirty deed" and stated it was "not our war".  Belarusian dictator Alexander Lukashenko delivered a harsh rant against Ukraine on Sunday saying the "worst would happen" if it continues. He said: "The conflict in Ukraine is the thin edge of the wedge. Believe me, I know what I’m talking about. If it continues like this, the worst will happen. "[Volodymyr Zelenskyy] will not be hidden in any American or some other bunker. That’s why the war should be ended today. "I wouldn’t even call it the war. This is a conflict. The war will last for one-two days, but there will be a meat grinder in three days." Ambassadors from Ukraine and Russia will meet in Belarus for peace talks but President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said he does not expect much to be resolved. The Ukrainian delegation arrived at the undisclosed Ukrainian-Belarusian border area for talks with Russia. DON'T MISSRussian nuclear deterrence on 'high alert' as Putin blasts NATO [REVEAL]Petrol prices hit astronomical levels amidst plea not to panic-buy [SPOTLIGHT]North Korea launches missiles as world faces off with Putin - new test [INSIGHT]  According to a statement, the delegation includes the Minister of Defence Oleksiy Reznikov, adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak, and the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Mykola Tochytskyi. Russia is seeing further economic sanctions placed on it by Western powers as the Rouble is sent into freefall. Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted: "We have further isolated Russia from the international financial system this morning. "Working with our partners, and the G7, we are determined to impose the most severe economic measures possible against President Putin for his abhorrent campaign against Ukraine. "Putin must fail." 