Horoscope.com shared what Aries should be expecting in the next few days: "Answers to your romantic dilemmas come to you quickly while wise asteroid Pallas is partnered with your impulsive sign." The zodiac site continued: "In fact, you make decisions so fast that you rarely have time to overthink things, which works for you. "You’ll be feeling some intense sexual chemistry with someone during the midweek Mars-Neptune sextile, but should you act on it? "This action-focused aspect encourages you to follow your instincts wherever they might lead." But what are the most compatible for Aries? READ MORE: Chinese zodiac compatibility: The best matches for each animal  Aries love matches for next week are: Capricorn Cancer Libra  The astrology site said Aries' "thoughts are all over the place while brainy Mercury is in offbeat Aquarius all week, so you like talking about a lot of different things". They recommended: "Ask as many questions as you want when getting to know someone new, Aries, but expect to answer the same amount, if not more, in return. "Even though you might not spend a lot of time thinking about the future of your love life, you have to admit that it’s crossing your mind more than usual with Mars powering through goal-focused Capricorn this month. "You don’t have to compare your own love life with where your friends are, Aries, but some kind of plan would be good."  For those in a romantic relationship, the site warned "love isn’t always easy for a fire sign." At the moment, "your relationship benefits from her goal-oriented energy, but the seriousness of this pairing could weigh you down and make you question your own or your partner’s commitment level," horoscope.com stated. But what is the prediction for the next months? "The love goddess spends almost three fiery weeks of May in your aggressive sign, however, at which point love is spontaneous, bold, and direct. When you want something, you go for it with little regard to what your partner wants or feels. "This 'me first' attitude might work in other areas of your life, but in your relationship it’s better to work on seeing love as more of a two-way street than a one-way street race." For those who are single, the astrology site explained: "Asteroid Eros rules over passion and desire, and you get a confidence boost from its partnership with your fiery sign from the beginning of March to the middle of April. "This time will be all about the excitement of the chase, and you’ll feel both extremes of the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat times about 100. "Dating, sex, and love are all about winning for you now, and as the warrior of the zodiac, you expect to be able to conquer anything (and anyone)." 