As tensions soar with Ukraine over Russia’s build-up of a reported 190,000 troops at its borders according to the latest reports, the West has been desperately scrambling to get the Kremlin to back down. European Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen has warned of “massive economic sanctions”, US President Joe Biden of “severe consequences” and Prime Minister Boris Johnson of sanctions to "individuals and companies of strategic importance to the Russian state". But Brandon Weichert, geopolitical analyst and author of Winning Space: How America Remains a Superpower, told Express.co.uk that these warnings could be futile. He said that China can provide relief from sanctions as the pair now have close ties. Mr Weichert also made clear that Russia’s status as an “energy superpower” may make it immune to certain sanctions. He explained that the issue with the US’ sanctions goes back a long time.  Mr Weichert told Express.co.uk: “For too long, US policymakers have quite lazily relied on the US dollar's hegemonic position as the global reserve currency to use as leverage in crafting onerous sanctions against rivals in the world order, such as Russia. “Since 2014, when Russia illegally annexed the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine, US sanctions have been levied against Russia to either make them suffer for their illicit actions or to make them abandon their claim to Crimea. “Western elites soothed their wounded egos by telling themselves they had figured out a way to wage war against a nuclear-armed great power, like Russia, while at the same time not risking full-blown kinetic conflict.” Russia is in fact the world’s greatest nuclear power, with nearly 1,000 more nuclear warheads than the US. Mr Weichert continued: “While the sanctions did have severe impacts on the Russian economy at first, much like overusing antibiotics, Moscow worked hard at creating a resistance to the long-term impact and efficacy of Western sanctions upon Russia. READ MORE: Putin sends horrifying warning to West after nuclear missile launch “As a result, after nearly a decade of being under the economic assault from the West, Russia is able to better endure these systemic attacks on their economy. “The sanctions are no longer having their intended effect. In fact, they are doing just the opposite, as Russia now looks to their neighbour of China, the world's second-largest economy in GDP terms and largest in PPP terms, to provide relief from any Western sanctions. “Beyond that, Russia has become an energy superpower with their prodigious production of natural gas and other essential commodities--notably agricultural products – meaning that Russia's economy is increasingly self-sufficient in ways that Western sanctions simply cannot damage." Russia has become the world’s major exporter of gas, supplying the rest of the world with more gas than anyone else. Europe alone gets up to 40 percent of its gas directly from Russian pipelines. DON'T MISS Heart disease: Oxford Uni finds eating veggies offers no protection [REPORT] Archaeology breakthrough as metal detectorist unearths gold brooch [REVEAL] Ukraine goes nuclear and cuts ALL gas with Russia [INSIGHT] This could mean that Russia, as well as being able to cope with Russia’s sanctions, could also hit back at the West by restricting its gas exports on which Europe relies. Mr Weichert said: “The longer the West insists upon the sanction approach, the more likely that Russia, along with China, will start employing their own economic warfare capabilities in retribution for whatever the Americans have been doing. “The Russians and Chinese just might hit their mark the more they try and the more their economies become increasingly insulated from the negative effects of the Western sanctions.”