Jason Biggin, 34, of Naseby Court, Brotton, North Yorkshire, pulled out clumps of the woman's hair and knocked her to the ground at a bus stop. He then started smashing her mobile phone before horrified onlookers intervened. Teesside Crown Court heard of Biggin's shameful history of domestic violence during a hearing on Friday when he was sentenced for assault and criminal damage. This included headbutting a partner, holding a knife to a woman’s throat and kicking another victim in the head. Prosecutor Laura Miller explained how at 10.45am on May 19, 2021, police received a call from members of the public who heard shouting outside a house in Skelton. She said that when officers arrived they found the defendant standing outside the property with a couple of bags containing his belongings. Ms Miller added: "He stated that the complainant had been out partying all night and had only returned at 8am." Judge Jonathan Carroll said the nature of the dispute was completely irrelevant and would be entirely disregarded. The court heard Biggin had been told not to attend the address by social services, that he was spoken to by police and left the property. Later that day Biggin approached and attacked his victim as she stood with her son at the bus stop. Ms Miller said: "She suffered injuries to her arm and photos taken after the assault showed where he had ripped out clumps of her hair." The victim, who had been in a relationship with Biggin for four months at that time, said in a statement she was so scared that she had to move away from the area. She said: "In the last eight weeks I have been in different hotels. I didn't feel safe in my own home."  READ MORE ABOUT THE WORLD ON THE BRINK OF WAR The court heard that Biggin has 29 convictions for 48 offences. TeessideLive reports that he assaulted his then partner and threatened to stab police officers in January 2018. Biggin turned up at her home in the early hours, kicking at the door, shouting: "Do you want to sort this out the easy way or the hard way?" He slapped her across the face, snatched a phone from her as she tried to call the police, poured water over her then left with a games console, her phone and purse. He later returned, leading to a confrontation with police.  DON'T MISS: The Queen’s usual eating habits exposed [REVEALED] Sunak plots slashing of EU Red tape in £95BN Brexit breakaway coup [LATEST] Brexit: Farage issues warning to Leave voters [REPORT] Then aged 30, he screamed at officers: "I’m going to kill the first copper in the house." He told them he was going to stab them before officers sprayed and arrested him. Biggin had been arrested hours earlier after throwing a tablet and phone to the floor in the home and later banging at the door. These offences of assault, criminal damage and affray earned him a 16-month jail term suspended for 18 months. He was later jailed for breaching the conditions of the order by turning up near his victim's home. For his latest offending, Biggin failed to turn up for trial at Teesside Magistrates' Court and was found guilty in his absence. Judge Carroll told him at Friday's sentencing: "You are showing no interest at all in learning from your experience or treating women in your life with any degree of respect whatsoever." He said he took note of the impact on the woman, causing her to leave her own home in fear. Judge Carroll added: "You set about beating her in front of her child. You pulled clumps of her hair out and knocked her to the floor." He said Biggin "in a spectacularly petty and mean-spirited frame of mind" then stamped on her phone. Biggin was jailed for 15 months and 14 days. An indefinite restraining order was imposed on him to protect his victim.   Domestic violence can happen to anyone. For help and support women can call The Freephone National Domestic Abuse Helpline run by Refuge on 0808 2000 247 for free at any time. Men can call Men's Advice Line on 0808 8010 327 (Monday and Wednesday, 9am to 8pm, and Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, 9am to 5pm) or ManKind on 0182 3334 244 (Monday to Friday, 10am to 4pm).