Donald Trump, 75, has recently repeated his praise of Vladimir Putin calling him "smart" and American leaders "dumb" as Russia continues their widescale invasion of Ukraine. John Cleese, 82, has taken to Twitter to call out Trump for his recent comments and his "friendship" with Putin. John took to Twitter last night to make the statement, in view of his 5.7 million followers. He penned: "An old proverb: Judge a man by his friends. "Putin's friends... "Bashar al-Hassad, who used poison gas on his own people. "Alexander Lukashenko, Dictator of Belarus. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "Dictator Xi of China, comitting genocide on the Uighurs. (sic) Many Russian kleptocrats and wannabe autocrat Donald Trump..." Many social media users took to the comments to express their view on John's claims. B_lacattaneo said: "Don't forget his best friend Silvio Berlusconi." JasonShortDSN added: "Although this argument can be used for pretty much anyone I appreciate it nonetheless." Ute2021 commented: "My mum always said it as 'you are the company you keep'." Trump made the claims about Putin when he spoke to the crowd at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Orlando, Florida yesterday. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSTAGRAM] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [COMMENT] Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [INSIGHT] He said: "The problem isn’t Putin is smart, which of course he is smart, it’s that our leaders are dumb." Trump then added that the NATO nations "are not so smart, they are looking the opposite of smart". He then went on to blame president Joe Biden and his administration for Russia's decision to invade its neighbour. Although Putin himself justified the attack with false claims that Ukraine was run by "drug addicted, neo-Nazi" leaders. Trump continued: "Under our leadership the world was a peaceful place because America was strong and the perception of our country was perhaps like it had never been before: powerful, cunning and smart. "We were a smart country. Now we are a stupid country. "The Russian attack on Ukraine is appalling, an outrage and an atrocity that should have never been allowed to occur. "We are praying for the proud people of Ukraine, God bless them all. "When you have a weak president who is not respected by other nations you have a very chaotic world. The world hasn’t been this chaotic since World War Two."