The musical is getting rave reviews but the gender neutral toilets are not. In fact they’re being slated because women are mortified at having to squeeze past men using urinals to reach the cubicles. Many said it completely ruined the show and the whole theatre experience for them while others raged about loo seats covered in pee and said they wouldn’t be going back to that particular theatre. One woman at the performance said: “For a show where ticket prices are in the hundreds the toilets at Cabaret were an absolute joke. We wanted to see gender fluidity on stage not in the queue for the bloody loos. “Its gross and invasive to share with men.” And she’s right. No woman wants to share a toilet with blokes and she certainly doesn’t want to walk past them weeing into an open urinal. And I’m pretty sure most blokes don’t want women seeing them doing their business either. Who the hell decided that forcing women to share a loo with blokes is “progressive”. And I’m sorry if this is offensive to men but the fact is once they’re let loose into a woman’s loo the standards of hygiene plummet. Just last week I walked into a unisex loo in a garage after a bloke and I couldn’t believe what he’d left behind. There was pee all over the seat and the floor and let’s just say he hadn’t looked behind him into the toilet bowl to see what he’d left behind. I was so disgusted I actually called him back to clear up his mess. All this gender neutrality in public bathrooms – and let’s call it what it actually – Mixed Sex Toilets – is yet another notch on the woke bedpost. Companies, schools, theatres are being bullied by a small group of activists and they’re caving into them in order to be seen as inclusive. Well to hell with that – at least where toilets are concerned. And it’s not just me saying that – it’s women in offices and businesses all over the land who are actually refusing to use them. As far back as 2018 female Home Office employees refused to use brand new £36,000 gender neutral toilets because they kept on walking in on male colleagues using them with the door open. A notice had to be put outside saying: “Women are finding the use of the toilets quite distressing and aren’t using the toilets as a result.” London’s Old Vic Theatre also came under fire for converting all their toilets into gender neutral spaces and what it did was have blocks labelled “stalls” and blocks containing urinals and somehow women were expected to use those. I’m sorry but men and women are worlds apart in their toilet habits. And that’s not me being sexist or ganging up on men – it’s just a fact. But if you dare complain the woke mob rear up on its hind legs screaming it’s all about being more inclusive for non-binary and transgender people. Yes and very much less inclusive for women. Or does what offends us not matter anymore? Okay, I get that the LGBTQ + community might need an alternative option to men and woman bathrooms but this can easily be sorted with a family/singles occupancy bathroom. But that aside I seriously can’t think of a single valid reason why unisex toilets are a good thing. I think pushing them both sexes into one space will end up causing nothing but trouble. It already has. And lot of school pupils are already uncomfortable about sharing loos with the opposite sex. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea And according to reports in The Times Scotland, girls in Scottish secondary schools girls are refusing to use the gender neutral loos because male pupils have been seen waving sanitary products about like flags and urinating in sanitary bins. Apart from the cleanliness arguments there are others – like the harassment fears of both women and men. But especially women. Because in a space where there are no cameras it opens up lots of opportunities for wierdos, paedos and sex abusers that otherwise wouldn’t have been there. And how do lone women feel walking into a unisex loo when there’s four drunk blokes in there? How do the elderly feel doing the same thing? How does a teenage girl feel about changing her tampon in a loo full of blokes? The fact is the number of both men and women who will feel uncomfortable in a gender-neutral bathroom far exceeds the number of non-binary people who will feel uncomfortable in a “normal” bathroom. Of course, it might be possible for men and women to share loos if first, there were no urinals and if everyone kept to the same cleanliness and hygiene standards. But they don’t. Men pee on the floor, on the seats – women rarely do. Men poo but rarely look behind them. Women mostly always do. Women are brought up to be considerate of others who use the bathroom, whereas boys grow up believing someone else will clear up after them. I have never know a man to use a toilet brush unless he’s been specifically told to – women do it without thinking. There’s a lot of thoughtless uncleanliness in public toilets and the fact is the biggest offenders are men. (sorry guys but it’s true). Which is fine if they’re sharing their toilet space with each other. Its very definitely not fine if they’re sharing that space with us. Gender neutral bathrooms are supposed to be part of a brave new inclusive world but they’re not - they’re hideous, they’re filthy and they’re uncomfortable – and often humiliating and scary – spaces for women. And I’m sick to the back teeth of having to put the toilet seat down after blokes who still think it’s all about them.