The widow of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins has blasted actor Alec Baldwin for not taking responsibility for her death. Halyna was tragically killed on the set of Alec's movie Rust in October last year following an incident which saw the actor, 63, accidentally discharge the firearm, resulting in the death of the mother-of-one, 42. Halyna's husband Matt Hutchins has now branded the actor's actions "absurd" following a recent interview he did with American network, ABC. He added that he felt "angry" hearing the actor discuss the death of his wife, after he held the firearm that took her life. Baldwin told reporters that he felt sadness over Halyna's death but not guilt. He also said that he "could not say who" was responsible for her death. READ MORE:'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move away from BBC Addressing the comments, Matt said: "Watching him I just felt so angry. "I was angry to see him talk about her death so publicly in such a detailed way and then to not accept responsibility after having just described killing her. "The idea that the person holding the gun causing it to discharge is not rep is absurd to me," he said to NBC's Today show. His comments come as Halyna's family are suing Baldwin over the "reckless" shooting which resulted in her death. Baldwin has maintained that he did not know the gun was loaded, adding that it was Hutchins herself who asked him to point the gun just off-camera and towards her armpit before it went off. The suit was filed on behalf of Hutchins' husband, Matthew, and their son Andros, who held a press conference in Los Angeles on Tuesday to announce the decision. The suit claims Alec and the other defendants in the case "failed to perform industry-standard safety checks and follow basic gun safety rules while using real guns to produce the movie Rust, with fatal consequences". Attorney Brian Panish, representing Hutchins' husband, said Baldwin and "others who are responsible for the safety on set, and whose reckless behavior and cost-cutting led to the senseless, tragic death of Halyna Hutchins". DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Brenda Edwards breaks silence after son's tragic death [UPDATE]Chris Packham rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'cruel' policy reversal [ANALYSIS]'Good for the career!' Rylan Clark reflects on 'reputation' [INSIGHT] According to Panish, his firm has conducted an independent investigation that he said uncovered "numerous violations of industry standards" by Baldwin and the other defendants named in the complaint that was filed in New Mexico on Tuesday. A video created by the attorneys showed an animated recreation of the shooting. Law enforcement officials in New Mexico have described "some complacency" in how weapons were handled on the set of Rust. They have yet to file any charges and have been working to determine where the live rounds found on set might have come from. At least three other lawsuits have been filed over the shooting, but this is the first directly tied to one of the two people shot. Express.co.uk previously contacted Alec Baldwin's representatives for comment. Baldwin, who was practicing for a scene when the gun fired, has said that he didn’t know the gun was loaded and did not pull the trigger. “I would never point a gun at anyone and pull a trigger at them,” the actor told ABC News in December. Express.co.uk has contacted Alec Baldwin's representatives for comment.