The ever-expanding Star Wars universe has begun changing details and storylines of some of the classic heroes from the series in recent years. Most recently, Luke Skywalker featured in The Book of Boba Fett after making a return in The Mandalorian. And Han Solo is reportedly next on the list of changes to be carried out by Lucasfilm, with his entire family being given a new backstory, including Kylo Ren - otherwise known as Ben Solo. Noted Star Wars leaker Mike Zeroh has revealed some information about what is going to happen to both Han Solo and Kylo Ren / Ben Solo in an upcoming TV series. It is important to note that not all of Zeroh's claims have panned out, so his information should be taken with a grain of salt. With that said, he claims a new Lando Calrissian TV show will explore the origins of the titular character and Han Solo. The two smugglers' storylines were already expanded a little in Solo: A Star Wars Story, but more is coming. Most notably, Solo introduced how Han got his surname. The scene took place early on when an Empire officer decided that, because he was on his own, Han's surname would be just that: Solo. But that is all about to change. Zeroh has claimed that "major changes to the Ben Solo character" are on the way to the Star Wars universe. He said Star Wars bosses Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni "will be providing a major retcon for both Ben Solo and Han Solo". He revealed: "This is said to be for the Lando Calrissian series, and it will finally reveal the true surname of both Han and Ben." The leaker hinted that this could affect the Star Wars universe in a big way. READ MORE: Next Star Wars film 'signs Force Awakens star for new projects' Zeroh noted: "This [reveal] is set to include Han Solo's mother and father, and it will provide fans the real name of them. Dave and Jon want to explore Solo's true background." The topic of lineage and parentage in Star Wars has always been a strong theme for the series. So what if Han was actually the son of some really important characters? Of course, the prequel trilogy introduced countless heroes, both Jedi and otherwise, so he could have been conceived by a number of iconic characters. DON'T MISS...Next Star Wars film 'signs Force Awakens star for new projects' [NEWS]Star Wars: Harrison Ford once came on set drunk from all-night party [INFO]Star Wars reboot news confirmed by Luke Skywalker Jedi Temple hint [INSIGHT] Han Solo could even secretly be attached to Obi-Wan Kenobi in some way. It has always been assumed that Obi-Wan had children at some point on his journey, but this has never been truly explored. Could Han have been that secret child all along? Meanwhile, a sequel trilogy actor has also reportedly "signed on" for three new features. A recent report claims Rey Skywalker star Daisy Ridley is making a comeback to the series in the near future. The report didn't stipulate whether it was three films, three TV shows, or even three episodes, but the return of Rey Skywalker would be enormous for the series. After The Rise of Skywalker, Rey is the last remaining (known) Jedi, so her impact on the franchise would be large. The Star Wars franchise is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE