Having houseplants in the home might be adding more than just a splash of colour to the home. Owning houseplants can actually have a positive impact on your health, helping to purify the air and boost mood. For those who have ever wondered which houseplants are air purifying, gardener, blogger and allotmenteer Bryony Willis, has shared her three favourites and which areas they are best for. She said in a video for the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) that as well as “looking good”, houseplants are known to “support human health”. She added: “Not only do they have psychological benefits they also have many physical health benefits including reduced breathing problems created by better indoor air quality. “A lot of people don't realise that pollution levels are often higher indoors than outdoors and can lead to eye, nose and throat irritation, headaches, fatigue and skin dryness. “Plants can improve air quality by removing volatile organic compounds including benzene and formaldehyde from the air.” READ MORE: Inside Princess Anne's 700-acre 'normal everyday house' Gatcombe Park This plant is also known as a snake plant or St George’s sword. The plant can be distinguished by its sword-like long leaves and yellowy stripes. Bryony said the plant is “one of the most-recommended plants for improving air quality”. She continued: “The optimal place to keep this low maintenance plant is the bedroom because it takes up CO2 during the night.  DON'T MISSWho owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]How to wash your bed sheets - why you need to wash them every week [UPDATE]An exceptional £100million mansion to be built in the Costwolds [ANALYSIS] “This is one of the hardest houseplants to kill. “Although it does need to be watered occasionally, it generally prefers dry conditions and some sun.” This plant removes benzene, formaldehyde, trichloroethylene and xylene from the air. A firm favourite in households across the nation, the peace lily is known for its large glossy leaves and delicate white flowers. The plant is a great one for beginners as it can survive watering mistakes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They also purify the air we breathe. Bryony said it’s “excellent for removing pollutants” such as ammonia, benzene and formaldehyde. She continued: “They also have a high transpiration rate to both purify and humidify indoor air. “They are easy to grow a will flower for much of the summer. "Put peace lilies in a shady spot and keep the soil moist without over-watering.” The Boston fern, also known as the sword fern, is not the easiest plant to look after but there are lots of benefits to having to in the home.  Bryony explained: “In studies conducted, the Boston fern ranked highest out of all plants tested for its ability to remove formaldehyde from the air. “This pollutant is found in many household items including gas stoves and floor coverings. “They prefer to clean the air from a cool location with high humidity and indirect light. “They're relatively easy to grow but they do need to stay moist. “Check the fern’s soil daily to see if it needs water and if it's a good soak once per month.”