His January-February 2022 crafted Ukraine crisis now gives Putin the moment he has been waiting for. To reset the clock and correct European history, as he deems it. He alone among US and Europeans leaders has the skillset of strength, unpredictability, cunning, and 22-year head of state experience. As such, this is his time toward re-establishing the Soviet Union’s former borders to those of his Russian Federation. Putin sees no real pushback of any kind coming from the western democracies. The West’s threatened Russian sanctions (even if enacted by all European allies – that’s doubtful) will simply be an inconvenience. The threat and or implementation of international sanctions against threatening authoritarian regimes such as Russian, China, Iran, etc. just don’t work. Nor does it help in the current Ukrainian crisis that the West European Democracies voluntarily put themselves at the mercy (via Nord Stream 1 and pending Nord Stream 2 energy pipelines) from Russian to Europe. Neither does it help that the US terminated its world-wide energy production dominancy that held the capacity to alleviate Europe’s dependency on Russian natural gas. Sanctions have especially become ineffective with Globalisation. Today sanctioned states have alternative trading partners. Russia can overcome threatened economic sanctions by increasing its trade and financial relationships with China (the world’s second largest economy) and India (the world’s sixth largest economy), among others. The realisation that international sanctions are ineffective have to be accepted. Russia’s threats to ‘re-occupy’ the remaining parts of Ukraine are likely. Putin has already seized 25 percent of it. If the Western allies continue not to take an unpredicted forceful counter-threat, Ukraine is likely to be invaded. It is after all the element of “surprise” that causes an adversary (Russia) to pause and reassess its use of military force. The view from Moscow is that the Western alliance is in disarray: (1) America is without effective leadership and Americans are tired of decades of endless wars. (2) The UK is an important democracy but could do more. (3) Germany is too highly dependent on Russian energy sources and the Germans fear having cold apartments. (4) French fear losing their ancient cultural and business relationships with Russia. (5) Sweden fears shrinking away from its successful 300-year policy of not fighting in support of Europe’s democracy. (6) Norway is wealthy with its oil and natural gas. Distant Ukraine is not a priority of much interest. (7) Finland reverts to its 1939-1940 Winter War experience when the Soviet Union (Russia) invaded. Finns discovered the painful but pragmatic lesson that, “Promised outside help never came and it never will”. And on it goes. To their peril. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Putin is aware that facts count for everything. Russia’s population is ageing, waning and a mere 144 million. In comparison, the United States population is 330 million; the European Union’s population is 447 million; and NATO’s population approaches one billion (944.5 million). In this factual context, the western democracies are ignoring its over ponderance of strength. They haven’t realised that the current situation is the proverbial “tail wagging the dog”. Putin cunningly is aware of this and may take advantage of it before Russia’s demographics sink down even further. This is as good as it is going to get for Russia; to seize Europe’s second-largest country in land area with its huge interstate highway-looking system of gas pipelines from Russia to Europe. Putin is not expected to let a crisis go to waste. From his shrewd viewpoint and appreciation of the facts, he will wage threats and likely war as long as there is no meaningful pushback from the Western democracies. The United States, EU, NATO, Sweden, Finland, etc., need to take the facts and demographics into account regarding the Ukraine crisis. Before it is too late. A totalitarian leader like Putin deems democracies as weak, inefficient, and a nuisance - yet a threat to himself and his regime. The current European security crisis casts Ukraine as an international pawn and a Russian testbed to be probed, experimented with, and perhaps completely occupied this time. Putin did not stop after occupying 20 percent of Georgia in 2008, and 25 percent of Ukraine in 2014. Western Diplomats should know by now that Putin and his Russian regime are not prone to 'stopping'. In the broader context, the current Russian created Ukraine crisis is to gauge the strength and the sustainability of Western 21st Century’s democracies. This is President Putin’s and Russia’s view.