Kelvin Fletcher, 38, was issued a warning by his wife, Liz Marsland as the pair discussed their life together on Kate Thornton’s White Wine Question Time. During the conversation, Kate pointed out she had realised how men were “swooning” over Liz. Kate even compared Liz’s male fanbase to Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen. “Obviously people are able to follow your adventures on BBC One every week with the show…” she began. The podcast host continued: “The men started swooning, a bit like they did with Amanda [Owen], the shepherd. “There was a lot of, ‘Oh my God, that Liz… she’s amazing…’” Liz was left in hysterics before asking: “Is there? I can’t see that!” Kate explained: “Maybe it’s because you live in the middle of nowhere surrounded by sheep, but seriously, there’s a lot of like, ‘Oh, Liz…’” Kelvin then interjected: “Oh, wow!” Liz laughed as she warned her husband: “You better watch it!” She then confessed: “I’ll take it. I’m not feeling the sexiest right now, but I will take it.” During the candid conversation Kelvin and Liz also opened up on their first thoughts upon trading their city life for farming in the countryside. The couple took the plunge last year and moved to the countryside with their two children and are now expecting twins. Their progress as aspiring farmers can be followed on BBC One’s Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [LATEST]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [UPDATE]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war [INSIGHT] However, Kelvin admitted it was originally a “pretty overwhelming” decision to take. During the chat, Kate said she expected Kelvin to know “loads” about farming after appearing on Emmerdale for 20 years. Kelvin confessed: “Not a thing, not a thing. I think the whole programme was a year in the making, from deciding to take the plunge and move out into the countryside, move to a farm… “It kind off organically developed from there, so with no real desire to go and become farmers. “It was just a case of a new change, you know, a new way of life, living in the countryside that happened to be buying a farm. “And then once we kind of got there and got a quick introduction into farming we just thought, ‘well, maybe we could try this… we’ll start small and we’ll go from there.’ “So, as the programme shows, you know, we were so green… “I knew very, very little but I just thought I’d learn on the job, that kind of didn’t scare me because I knew that it was all temporary.”