Tory MP Stuart Anderson has claimed that China will be "looking at how we stand up" to Putin in the wake of his invasion of Ukraine. He said that while the Russian leader is more inclined to have a "knee-jerk" response and go to war, China is more likely to take a more long-term approach. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Anderson said: "Now Russia and China, they're not best of friends, but they're not enemies.  "Putin met with Xi Jinping just before the Olympics. And nobody knows the true outcome of what they discussed there. "I don't think they're walking hand in hand in this but I also think that China will be watching very closely at the West's response to Russia. "They'll be looking at how we stand up to it. This almost goes back to when China looked at the response to the First Gulf War. "They looked at how the West behaved there. They looked at the collapse of the Soviet Union. "They looked at many things like that and they are definitely playing the long game. "Whereas Russia might knee-jerk, China are not from that approach of knee-jerking." There is mounting speculation about a potential alliance between China and Russia. Soon after Putin launched an invasion of Ukraine on Thursday, the Russian Foreign Minister confirmed that he had spoken with his counterpart in China, Wang Yi. Mr Yi said that China understands Russia's "legitimate concerns". READ MORE: Taiwan could be NEXT as Putin invasion sets new 'precedent' for China A spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, Hua Chunying also refused to call Russia's actions an invasion, saying: "China is closely monitoring the latest situation. "We call on all sides to exercise restraint to prevent the situation from getting out of control. "This is perhaps a difference between China and you Westerners. We won't go rushing to a conclusion. "Regarding the definition of an invasion, I think we should go back to how to view the current situation in Ukraine. "The Ukrainian issue has other very complicated historical background that has continued to today. DON'T MISS: EU SHAMED: Bloc's weak Russia action exposed [REVEAL] 'Plays into Putin hands!' Boris told huge blunder about to backfire [INSIGHT] Taiwan could be NEXT as Putin invasion sets new 'precedent' for China [ANALYSIS] "It may not be what everyone wants to see." She also accused the US and its allies of having "fanned the flame, instead of putting out the fire." A display of unity between the two countries was also delivered at the Beijing Winter Olympics, where Mr Putin and Mr Jinping stood side by side at the opening ceremony. But Mr Anderson warned that any alliance between the two countries would "fragment" any relationship the West has with both of them. He said: "If they were to form a greater alliance, it's going to fragment any relationship we've got. "At the moment, that relationship is very poor with Russia. And there has been a shift in the relationship with China. "If we go back to David Cameron's time as Prime Minister - they were very much pro-trade and working with China. "At the moment we are still establishing what China's longer-term strategy is. "But we should be very very cautious and we made the right decision to remove Huawei. "Any Chinese influence into any of our infrastructure should never be allowed. "But if they form a closer alliance with Russia and there is a war with Russia then that relationship will break down."