G20 finance ministers and central bank governors are meeting in Jakarta today for a two-day summit to discuss the major economic themes and challenges facing the world. The fallout from the pandemic is likely to prove a top theme however a particular point of concern has been the impact any military escalation between Russia and Ukraine could have. Markets have already been jolted by the tensions with oil and gas prices rising to further heights and the FTSE and European markets dipping further today as fears of attacks increased. Opening the summit Joko Widodo, president of host country Indonesia, told attendees it was "not the time for rivalry", warning that the world was "still shaken" from the pandemic.  "It is not the time to create a new tension that disrupts the global recovery, especially one that endangers the safety of the world like what is happening in Ukraine now" he added. Concerns over Russia were also echoed by Australia with Treasurer Josh Frydenberg telling ministers the situation was "deeply concerning". He added: "We call upon Russia to de-escalate the situation, for the alternative would be disastrous in human and economic terms." "It is in our collective interest that these tensions are resolved peacefully."  Worsening relations with Russia have exacerbated concerns around already high energy prices with oil reaching a seven-year high this week. With around 40 percent of European natural gas coming from Russia any disruption to supplies could also play havoc with already strained energy markets on the continent. In a briefing note analysts at Saxo Bank noted markets were continuing to trade with a "nervous tone" with many investors seeking safe-haven assets such as gold as stock markets dipped once again. Addressing the ongoing tensions is likely to be a key topic for the G20 meeting however analysts warn the diverse membership may make coordination difficult.  The G20 consists of 19 countries plus the EU with the US and various allies but also rivals such as Russia and China. A communique outlining long term economic recovery plans is expected to be released when meetings conclude on Friday. Also high up the agenda is likely to be inflation globally and the response of central banks. Currently, the Bank of England has led the way on raising interest rates while US central bank the Federal Reserve is expected to carry out multiple hikes this year.   DON'T MISS: Pressure mounts on Bank of England for third rate hike [ANALYSIS]EU financial grab could hit Eurozone 'hard' [INSIGHT]EU car production hits historic low [LATEST] Up till now, the European Central Bank has been dismissive of raising interest rates this year however it has taken a slight shift recently with President Christine Lagarde admitting risks from inflation had changed since December. In a document, G20 members stated their agreed position as: "Transparent and clear monetary policy communication by major central banks remains important for the global economy, price stability and financial stability." It is thought likely the G20 will call on central banks to give better indications of their plans in order to avoid any sudden surprises to markets. 