Jarl Olaf Haraldsson (played by Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson) entered the fray of Vikings: Valhalla with seemingly one mission: to help half-brother Harald (Leo Suter) in the Vikings’ quest to avenge their ancestors following the St Brice’s Day massacre a century before. However, over the course of the Netflix drama’s first season, it soon unravelled Olaf had a deep desire for power, an urge to spread the word of Christianity and rid the world of Paganism. But in the finale, this all came to a head when his scheming and backstabbing finally caught up with him. By the time episode eight had rolled around, King Canute (Bradley Freegard) was now King of England and Denmark with former King Edmund (Louis Davison) dead and Queen Emma of Normandy (Laura Berlin) banished. However, he was back in Denmark when Olaf and murderous Christian leader Jarl Kare (Asbjørn Krogh Nissen) decided to join forces behind the King’s back to try and invade Kattegat, Norway, and defeat Jarl Haakon (Caroline Henderson) and the Pagan Greenlanders. They somewhat succeeded as Jarl Haakon was mowed down under the Christian archers’ arrows and their army penetrated the city. READ MORE: Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped However, Jarl Kare didn’t get the personal victory he’d been hoping for after coming face to face with Freydis (Frida Gustavsson). Freydis had vowed her own revenge against Kare for the slaughter of a Pagan town nearby and the murder of her own pal Yrsa. And she did just that, beheading the Christian leader inside Kattegat’s great hall, leading Olaf to believe upon finding his corpse he was now the ruler. But just as his troops rallied around him, Olaf’s plans were thrown right out of the window as Canute’s father King Forkbeard (Soren Pilmark) and his army arrived on Kattegat’s shores just moments later after rumbling his plot. And Olaf’s army’s true colours came to light as they all fled to avoid Forkbeard’s men, leaving the distraught Viking alone and forced to flee himself. Heading into season two, there’s no doubt that Forkbeard and Canute will be after Olaf for his betrayal and Express.co.uk spoke to actor Jóhannesson to find out all about his character’s prospects. When asked what’s going through Olaf’s head in that final moment, the Netflix star said: “Well, it's so annoying how that plays out for Olaf. “My God. I mean, there's just one word going through his mind. And that’s, ‘Why!’ DON'T MISS:‘Fascinating film’ Vikings Valhalla actor Stephen Hogan on new projectVikings: Ragnar’s hidden link to Valhalla spin-off exposedVikings' Katheryn Winnick pens sweet message to co-stars at reunion “‘Why can't I just have nice things?!’” Jóhannesson continued. While it may not bode well for Olaf, it’s a storyline that Jóhannesson admitted he did enjoy. “And yeah, I'd say it's a great - I mean, we shouldn't get too deep into spoilers and twisters - but my God,” he said. “And that's a huge little twist for Olaf at the end of that (and) without giving away too much but (what is) going through his mind (is), ‘Why can't I have nice things?’ “So unfair, it's so unfair,” he added with a smirk. Elsewhere in the interview, Jóhannesson also opened up on the pleasure of shooting in Ireland to replicate 11th Century Scandinavia. “Well, it was amazing,” said of the locations. “I mean, we were filming in Wicklow County, in and around, and the different places and landscapes you have within that small region is quite amazing. “Wicklow County is doubling for Norway, England, different parts of Europe. And so it was quite amazing. Each time you were brought to new sets, how different and remarkable it would be. It was great fun.” Vikings: Valhalla is available to stream on Netflix now.