That disastrous encounter with Emily Maitlis wasn’t a crash: it was merely the moment the Duke finally spun off the road and over a cliff after a lifetime of close calls and near-misses.  He’s been tumbling helplessly through the air ever since – until this week when he finally, and with utter inevitability, smashed onto the rocks below. THAT was his car-crash moment. The horrible impact came on Tuesday when Andrew agreed to write a ginormous cheque to a woman he says he never met and never assaulted. It boils down to this. “You sexually assaulted me.” “No I didn’t.” “Oh yes you did.” “Oh no I didn’t. But here’s 12 million pounds anyway.” It gives me no pleasure to say that for three years I’ve been predicting the Duke’s ruin ‑ and that he’d settle out of court with Virginia Giuffre, who says he sexually assaulted her on three separate occasions when she was 17 and he was already in his 40s. I’ve lost count of the times my jaw has hit the floor after the accusations surfaced. That Newsnight interview (which he genuinely believed to be a triumph until it was screened to a disbelieving, jeering public); the scurrying from castle to castle to avoid being served court papers; the swerving of any conversation with the FBI, despite promising to co-operate with them; the ludicrous “demand” to have his day in court when a New York judge had already pencilled the Duke’s trial into everyone’s diary; and finally ‑ and most shamefully ‑ the “victim shaming” of Giuffre, the oldest trick in the book and the dirtiest. There was no victim shaming in the terms of this week’s settlement. Just ringing praise for “the bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others.” Not so much a U-turn as a handbrake one. There’s no way back for Andrew ‑ and not just because of this week’s humiliation. A steady stream of character witnesses who’ve been unlucky enough to cross his path over the years have revealed what many in the media already knew. He’s a deeply unpleasant man ‑ a high-handed, rude, and entitled bully. A good friend of ours once had a contract to do some private family work for the Duke and his wife in the days when they were still married. My friend ‑ one of the politest and kindest people I know ‑ reported that Sarah Ferguson was: “Lovely... really warm and friendly.’ And Andrew? “Easily the rudest and most offensive man I’ve ever met.” Indeed, my friend found the Duke so obnoxious that he swiftly resigned from what otherwise would have been a pleasant and well-paid sinecure. The Duke has finally met his destiny. Character is fate. Global bestselling novel The Da Vinci Code made Dan Brown a millionaire and a household name. You may well have read it and been thrilled by the compelling story about a 2,000-year-old conspiracy that could rock Christianity to its core. But did Brown, below, come up with the plot himself, or did he “borrow” someone else’s idea? For years he has denied persistent accusations of plagiarism, but a new book takes those allegations to another level. Co-written by a top London lawyer (the aptly-named Jonathan Coad), The Da Vinci Fraud is as unputdownable as the novel. I thoroughly recommend you read it. I’m thinking of changing my name to Holmes: Sherlock Holmes. This week I think I cracked a crime ‑ well, an attempted crime ‑ through the power of deduction alone. A colleague told me she’d been unable to open her front door and discovered a small fragment of broken-off key was lodged inside the Yale lock. A locksmith was summoned and extracted the blockage with special pliers. But her key wasn’t broken. Neither was anyone else’s in the household. Then, when she closely examined the broken tip, she realised its groove was wider than her own key. So how had it ended up in her door? After a night racking her brains, she remained utterly mystified. “You’re good at puzzles, Rich,” she told me. “Can you work it out?” And after an hour’s Zen-like concentration, I think I did. Someone accidentally dropped their own door key on the pavement outside her house. A passing would-be burglar picked it up and decided to try their luck, but it jammed and snapped in my friend’s lock. Case closed. Unless you have a better theory... if so, let me know! Straw Dogs actress Susan George had a lightbulb moment. She persuaded her celebrity friends to donate treasured personal possessions for an online auction in aid of her cancer charity (Susan’s beloved husband Simon MacCorkindale died from the disease). Dame Judi Dench donated a fabulous red dress she had worn to the Oscars; Simon Cowell, his scooter. Click on mythingsandothers.com, browse around and bid for whatever you fancy. A fun way to spend a half-hour. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea