Julian Jessop, a former economist for the Treasury and fellow at the Institute for Economic Affairs, told Express.co.uk that businesses would have to watch out for “indirect threats” from Russia in retaliation to sanctions. However, the impact on the UK economy will be nothing compared to the “huge blow” sanctions will have to Russia, with the possibility the country might go into recession. Last night, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered Russian troops into two separatist regions of Ukraine, after earlier recognising their independence from Ukraine. Russia said it would be a “peacekeeping” mission, but is speculated to be a potential pretext for placing troops in Ukrainian territory. Western leaders have reacted today (Tuesday) by preparing sanctions on Russia. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss designated a package of sanctions targeting oligarchs “at the heart of Putin’s inner circle”, including the freezing of assets and travel bans. READ MORE: Putin dealt ‘huge blow’ as Russia tipped for devastating recession Ms Truss said the UK Government was “prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. “We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of high tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. “These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard.” Mr Jessop told Express.co.uk this afternoon that the economic sanctions against Russia themselves would have an impact of “next to nothing” on the UK economy. However, there were “potentially quite important indirect effects. “One is through energy prices, and the other is through Russian retaliation in underhand ways – things like cyber-attacks. “As far as energy prices are concerned, the oil price has risen further today and this is going to keep inflation higher for longer, so that’s one big impact.” In terms of potential “underhand” responses from Russia, Mr Jessop commented: “The general increase in uncertainty is not good for consumer and business confidence or investor confidence. DON'T MISS Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm [REPORT] Russia-Ukraine LIVE: 'Demilitarise or else' Putin unleashes troops [INSIGHT] Macron humiliated by Putin after 'pledging not to escalate' war threat [ANALYSIS] “It’s hard to be more specific on that because we don’t know what Russia is going to do – but that is part of the problem.” Today, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced that he had halted certification of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline – which was built to send natural gas directly to Germany, circumventing Ukraine – something which Russia had been doggedly vying for. Last year, Mr Putin was accused by European leaders of withholding natural gas supplies amid a shortage caused by the coronavirus pandemic. Mr Jessop said that if Mr Putin were to stop Russian aggression now, the economic outlook would not change too much. This was because “a lot of what’s happened already has been priced into the markets, so shouldn’t put a lot of upward pressure [on prices].” He added: “Remember also that the Ofgem price cap is still going to be capping domestic bills until October, so people’s domestic energy bills won’t be higher as a result of this. “Motorists may have to pay more for petrol and businesses may have to pay more for their fuel, but I think the main impact on inflation will not be that inflation goes a lot higher, but that it remains higher for longer. “I think we’ll still see a peak around 7.5 percent, but it may take longer for it to fall than it would have otherwise done. And of course, that increases pressure on the Bank of England to raise interest rates.” Mr Jessop described the crisis in Ukraine as “another headwind against recovery” as the country emerges from the coronavirus pandemic. However, he speculated that Mr Putin’s aggressive moves towards Ukraine and the outcry from the West “might tip Russia into a recession”.