Roughly 58 percent of Attendance Allowance claims are rejected but this should not deter eligible applicants from missing out on what could potentially be thousands of pounds. One couple were urged to make a claim by Age UK and now find themselves eligible for two other benefits as well.  Age UK shared on their website the story of Tom and his parents. Tom contacted Age UK as he was worried about his parents, with his dad aged 81 and his mum in her late 70s. Adding to his concern was the fact that his mum is partially sighted and needs help during the night. Tom said: “I rang Age UK Advice and they put me in touch with my local Age UK.   “A volunteer came round to my parents’ home and he helped me fill out the claim form for both my parents.” The claims were both successful, with Tom's dad receiving the lower-rate of Attendance Allowance and over £400 in backdated payments. His mum however, was awarded the higher rate and received over £650 in arrears - meaning together the couple got an extra £1,000 of support. Tom added: “The man who came round to help me with the form also gave my parents a full benefits check. This meant that they went on to apply for Pension Credit and Carer’s Allowance.”     Many fear applying for the likes of Attendance Allowance due to the application forms but, as Tom’s story highlights, there is assistance available. Additionally, simple paperwork should not be holding Britons back from claiming up to £4,451 they are entitled to. Attendance Allowance provides financial assistance to those over the state pension age who require help. Attendance Allowance provides two separate weekly payment rates depending on the level of assistance or supervision one requires.  The lower rate of £57.30 per week is for those that only need supervision or case during the day or night while the higher rate of £85.60 is for those that need assistance during both. Many will not currently be claiming the amount they are entitled to because they perceive the application to be tedious. However, it can provide far more than the £85.60 higher rate. Having a successful Attendance Allowance claim can also make one entitled to various benefits such as Pension Credit, Council Tax Reduction or Housing Benefits, as showcased in Tom’s story. Additionally, potential claimants are reminded that they do not need to have an actual carer or attendant to receive Attendance Allowance.   Usually, the eligibility for this benefit is that all of the following apply to the claimant: