Motoring experts are warning drivers of a simple error involving their indicators which could lead to hefty fines. Drivers risk fines of up to £5,000 and nine penalty points on their driving licence. Failing to use your indicators correctly can be considered “careless and inconsiderate driving”. It can also be seen as driving without due care and attention. In some of the most extreme and serious situations, people can be disqualified from driving. Rule 103 of the Highway Code outlines how road users can effectively signal to others on the road. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique It states that signals warn and inform other road users, including pedestrians of any intended actions. The Code continues: “You should always: give clear signals in plenty of time, having checked it is not misleading to signal at that time. “Use them to advise other road users before changing course or directions, stopping or moving off. “Make sure your signals will not confuse others. DON'T MISSDrivers delighted by new number plates with Union Jack [COMMENT]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT]DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [WARNING] “If, for instance, you want to stop after a side road, do not signal until you are passing the road. “If you signal earlier it may give the impression that you intend to turn into the road. “Your brake lights will warn traffic behind you that you are slowing down.” Road users are also urged to always cancel the signal after use. READ MORE: If necessary, drivers, and more likely cyclists and pedestrians, can use an arm signal to emphasise or reinforce the signal if necessary. Despite recent Highway Code changes, the driving laws clarify that signalling does not give priority. Mark Royal, Operations Manager at Goodbye Car, warned drivers of the punishments on offer and the risk they pose to other road users. He continued: “Knowing when and when not to indicate is a skill of its own, given there are no black and white rules. “But it’s incredibly important when they should be used for the safety of yourself and other motorists.” This comes as new research suggests that two in three drivers experience road rage, with 29 percent saying their source of rage was a lack of indication. Other common reasons for road rage were tailgating, slow driving and witnessing others talking on their phone. The data, from Compare the Market, revealed that Belfast is ranked as the highest area for road rage, followed by Sheffield, Birmingham and Nottingham.