Since his death in 1977, there’s been a couple of TV dramatisations of Elvis Presley’s life and career, including one starring Kurt Russell as The King. But now, 45 years on, and the music icon is finally getting the blockbuster treatment from Baz Luhrmann, who debuted an electrifying first trailer last week starring Austin Butler as Elvis and Tom Hanks as Colonel Tom Parker. Spanning the 50s, 60s and 70s, just how historically accurate will the movie be really? Elvis expert Billy Stallings Spa Guy has released a new video going through the trailer, sharing just how factual the Warner Bros movie is looking. The respected YouTuber is highly knowledgable and regularly interviews the people who knew The King personally. He also runs the Tigerman Karate Dojo and Museum in Memphis, Tennessee, where Elvis would practice martial arts. Housed inside is the actual ambulance Billy found that carried The King’s body to hospital on the day he died at just 42 on August 16, 1977. The expert started his Elvis movie trailer analysis claiming: “First I want to say this: if you’re an Elvis purist, this movie just like all the rest of the movies are going to make you mad because there is going to be things in it that are not going to be accurate.” On Hanks as Elvis’ manager Colonel Tom Parker, Billy pointed out how the movie portrays him as a carny, which he was, but long before he was with Elvis. The expert claimed: “They’re making you think Elvis went to this carny and that’s not what happened at all. The Colonel was already handling Hank Snow by the time which was one of the largest acts.” He also said that the Ferris wheel scene of the two discussing partnering up didn’t happen in real life either. As for the scene of Elvis appearing nervous before performing, apparently in real life, this happened almost 90 days after the singer recorded his first single That’s Alright Mama. And although The Colonel is portrayed as watching from the audience, he wasn’t even a thought at that time. Billy said: “I’m a believer that no Colonel, no Elvis. Those two were together. When I think of Elvis, I think of The Colonel. It was almost like a 50/50 thing and I don’t mean that financially.” He added that the legend that Parker took a 50 per cent cut of The King’s earnings was “absolutely not factual.” Looking back at Elvis’ childhood in Tupelo, Mississippi, where he was inspired by Black gospel church music, it turns out he did attend revival meetings but the tent would have been much bigger. As for the Captain Marvel Jr lightning bolt around his neck, that’s just artistic license for him becoming “a superhero”, as The Colonel says in the next scene. DON'T MISSElvis movie actor received Priscilla Presley's 'personal blessing' [PRISCILLA]Brian May's warning for Elvis biopic after making Bohemian Rhapsody [EXCLUSIVE]Elvis movie: Tom Hanks total revelation as 'scoundrel' Colonel Parker [TOM HANKS] Moving on, Billy said the recreation of Graceland “looks beautiful but the pink Cadillac, the colour’s wrong.” Nevertheless, the expert added: “But the way they portray Elvis with the girls just falling all over him and the huge crowds and them running after, all is accurate. That’s a fact.” On the lead, he assessed: “They could have chosen someone to look more like Elvis than Austin Butler, but nobody really looks like Elvis.” And on Baz Luhrmann’s chosen style for the film, he added: “Visually this thing is pretty darn beautiful.” Billy ended by claiming that, at the end of the day, the Elvis movie isn’t for older fans who grew up with The King as much as it is for younger people to discover him. The expert said: “It’s not for us Elvis purists. Who this is for, is for the younger generations that don’t know who Elvis is. This is going to make him iconic in their eyes. It’s going to visually just blow their minds and then they can come to us [Elvis experts]. This is going to get them really fired up about the story, where they want to learn the real Elvis. That’s where we come in.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.