Type 2 diabetes is normally linked to having a family history of the condition, but dietary habits and body weight play undisputed roles in the development of the condition. Whether you’ve already been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes or you’re worried about developing it, you can better your chances of avoiding or beating the condition by eating the right foods.Express.co.uk chatted to Dr Alona Pulde from Lifesum, the leading global nutrition app, to find out which foods can help to prevent or reverse type 2 diabetes. Monitoring your diet is one of the most powerful ways to prevent and reverse type 2 dyabetes. Dr Pulde said: “Storing abdominal fat is one of the most important risk factors of type 2 diabetes, and with the obesity epidemic, the risk increases for all, regardless of background. “Improving your nutrition is the most important thing you can do to maintain a healthy weight and prevent and reverse the condition. “Type 2 diabetes impairs the regulation of glucose and results, almost entirely, from nutrition and lifestyle. “Resistance to insulin prevents it from delivering glucose into the body’s cells, leading to raised blood sugar levels and, eventually, diabetes. “The condition can increase your risk of heart disease and poor circulation that can result in amputation of limbs, impaired kidneys that ultimately require dialysis, deteriorating vision and even blindness.” According to Dr Pulde, a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes can help to prevent and reverse type 2 diabetes. Add these five ingredients to help prevent and reverse type 2 diabetes.  READ MORE- High cholesterol: The telltale sign to spot in your arms   Studies show that fruit rich in vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and phytochemicals can promote optimal health and reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes. Dr Pulde added: “They are also high in fibre which helps to slow digestion and stabilise blood sugars. “Fruit also has a low GI index, helping to control blood sugar levels.”  Vegetables are known as nature’s multivitamin for a reason! These delicious and healthy foods are full of health-boosting vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals and antioxidants. On top of that, Dr Pulde said vegetables have been shown in studies to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes. She said: “They are also rich in fibre and low in salt and fat - a winning combination that helps to regulate blood sugar levels.” DON'T MISS...Visceral fat: The fat-fighting food that could slash excess weight [INFORMER]Diabetes: The dark green drink that ‘significantly' lowers blood sugar [INSIGHT]Type 2 diabetes: Fenugreek lowers blood sugar [EXPLAINER]  Whole grains, such as whole-wheat bread and pasta, oatmeal, buckwheat and brown rice are great for type 2 diabetes. Dr Pulde said: “Whole grains are packed with fibre which helps you to stay fuller longer while also controlling blood sugars. “Fibre has also been shown to reduce heart disease (a complication that has increased risk in diabetes) and assists with weight loss which is beneficial in preventing and reversing diabetes.”  Legumes are packed with protein and fibre, and are low in fat, which is a recipe for success if you’re trying to avoid or reverse type 2 diabetes. Dr Pulde said: “They are also low on the glycaemic index and, therefore, help to regulate blood sugar levels. “Choose the low sodium or no added salt variety for the most benefit.”  Nuts and seeds are high in protein, fibre, and healthy fat - a combination designed to satiate and promote heart health and control blood sugar levels. Almost all nuts and seeds offer something good for people with diabetes. However, you should avoid salted nuts because excessive salt consumption is consistently linked to an increased risk of heart disease. 