The Walking Dead will be wrapping up its story by the end of 2022 but before then, there will be plenty of drama to cram into the remaining episodes. Season 11B premiered on AMC at the weekend with international fans getting access via Disney+ on Monday, February 21. When the apocalyptic drama did return, it proved to be an episode to remember as viewers said goodbye to Alden (played by Callan McAuliffe). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Walking Dead.In the first part of season 11 which aired last year, Alden was left seriously injured after a Reaper ambush. Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie (Lauren Cohan) managed to rescue him and attempted to continue their mission but had to stop at an abandoned church because of Alden. Knowing he was only slowing them down, he told Negan and Maggie to leave him behind so they wouldn't have any more hold-ups. Reluctantly, Maggie agreed, leaving him with some food and a knife to defend himself in case they returned. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' Alden barricaded the church door to protect himself from walkers and Reapers after they left. The Walking Dead hadn't shown what happened to Alden for several episodes until the latest instalment No Other Way. As promised, Maggie returned for him but it was too late as he had already been turned into one of the undead. Heartbroken by this loss, Maggie kills him, putting Alden out of his misery. Much like many of the other stars on The Walking Dead, it wasn't actor Callan McAuliffe's decision to leave the drama. As it is a series about zombies and survival, various characters have been killed off throughout the years to remind fans that no one is safe. One of the only actors to leave The Walking Dead of his own accord was Rick Grimes star Andrew Lincoln as he wanted to spend more time with his family. But this wasn't the case for McAuliffe as he was written out of the show by its creators. DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [TRIBUTE]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]The Walking Dead’s Alden star breaks silence on exit [CAST] Speaking to Insider, McAuliffe said: "I lasted on the show much longer than I thought I was gonna. "I'd kind of always been quietly anticipating that the call would come. "She'd [showrunner Angela Kang] actually called me a few times. "That fear had been diluted over the years. When [the time] finally came, I was like, 'Oh, I guess that seems about right.' I had a good run." The Walking Dead will continue with its next instalment Rogue Element at the weekend for fans in America and Monday, February 28 internationally. The synopsis for Rogue Element reads: "Eugene looks for Stephanie after she mysteriously goes missing. "Connie investigates a story on Trooper Davis. Carol helps Hornsby with a labour dispute at a drug farm." The Walking Dead season 11B continues to air every Sunday on AMC in America and every Monday on Disney+ in the UK.