Wisteria is a hanging plant you’ll likely recognise, if not for its aesthetic trailing flowers, then for its sweet smell which is prominent in the late spring months. Though this plant is relatively easy to look after, there are some important care tips you should be aware of if you want it to truly thrive in your garden. When planting wisteria it is good to pick the right area for it to call home. Wisteria is best grown against the walls of your home, a free-standing wall in your garden or another strong structure, such as a pergola. The plant can be grown in a pot as a tree, but this will require regular maintenance to ensure it keeps its form. Make sure you pick an area with plenty of sunlight, as wisteria does not fare well in the cold. The vine is best suited to being planted in rich, deep soil. READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid There is little need for frequent watering as wisteria is an aggressive grower on its own. Despite being relatively drought-tolerant, however, it does prefer slightly moist soil. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [REVEALED]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPLAINER]Spring gardening: 5 flowers to sow next week [INSIGHT] Wisteria needs regular pruning to stop it from growing too wildly. You should also train your wisteria, by tying it to an upright stem for support. Once your wisteria has reached the desired height, cut off the tip of the main vine to slow down further growth. Although new shoots should be frequently pruned in the growing season, the plant should also receive care and attention during the autumn and winter months. Summer pruning will encourage the development of short-flooring spurs. Cut back any long shoots to a couple of buds at the base of any areas of fresh growth. For young plants, tie a few strong shoots into wires and trellis. During the dormant season, tie in new growth and cut away any extremely long stems. Wisteria is a slow flowering plant, with many not flowering for at least four years. This is why many people choose to buy a plant rather than propagate their own. However, if you do choose to propagate your existing plant, the best way to do so is by taking cuttings in mid-spring or summer. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To do so, choose young stems and trim them back just below a leaf joint. Remove the leaves at the bottom of the stem. Full pots with cutting compost, and water the soil, leaving time to drain before potting your wisteria. Plant the cuttings into the pots, but ensure leaves do not touch, then cover with a clear plastic bag. Cuttings should be stored in a well-lit room and the compost should be kept moist. Once you notice signs of growth, remove the bag and pot in your desired location outside.