  Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen told her followers she was “grasping at straws” yesterday. The shepherdess also hinted at feeling “unsettled” in a cryptic Instagram post.      Amanda, 47, took to Instagram yesterday evening to share a series of wintry snaps with her 491,000 followers. “Grasping at straws,” the Yorkshire shepherdess wrote with a couple of Sheaf of Rice emojis. “And dealing with a [pile of poo emoji] kinda day. “A proper dose of wintery weather is preferable to incessant wind and rain.” READ MORE: Countryfile's Adam Henson 'essential' part to relationship with wife     The farmer then added a series of hashtags, including #yorkshire, #weather, #stormy and #unsettled. The accompanying pictures showed a frazzled-looking Amanda covered in straw, followed by some snaps of her farming equipment with one of her children wrapped up warm beside it. Amanda’s fans flooded the comments section to support her after what had clearly been a trying day. Lorna Davis wrote: “You have a lovely little army around you… Even on the [pile of poo emoji] days… Hope you’re ok Amanda.”      Lynne Russell commented: “Farming life must be so incredibly hard and soul crushing sometimes but the rewards must be wonderful. “You and your family are such an amazing team and you make it work! I love following all your posts.” Stephen Wellicome added: “Hope you’re all doing well despite the weather, stay safe. “Missing the TV programme, withdrawal symptoms are kicking in.” (sic) READ MORE... David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE]      The post comes after Amanda sent out a series of updates about the impact of Storm Eunice on her family’s farm. While the star revealed she had to move all of her sheep down from the moors in preparation, it seemed the damage was not too bad for the Owen family. Three days ago, she shared a snowy picture of Ravenseat with the caption: “A touch of winter but it seems that #StormEunice has given us a miss.” Hours before her most recent post, Amanda posted another snap of her sheep as Storm Franklin approached. “Once again a storm is nigh,” she penned with the hashtag #stormfranklin, “And we’re in a rush.      “Feeding the hay and ration in the bottom of the rush-bobs does prevent it from becoming instantly sodden or blowing away.” In the post, Amanda included another picture of herself looking windswept, and some pictures of her sheep chewing on hay. She included cute snaps of her six-year-old daughter Clemmy, who took shelter from the rain under a nearby rock next to a small waterfall. Amanda lives on Ravenseat farm with her husband Clive Owen and their nine children, where the family film their hugely popular Channel 5 documentary series Our Yorkshire Farm. The latest season aired at the end of last year, with fans hoping for more episodes in the future.  