Giovanni Pernice, 31, and Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, claimed victory as Strictly Come Dancing champions in last year's series of the BBC show. The Italian-born favourite has now unveiled his new dance partner after spending the last two months on the road with the EastEnders actress. As the Strictly arena tour has wrapped up, Giovanni has not wasted any time and is back in rehearsals for Burn The Floor with new partner Lauren Oakley. Dancer Lauren took to Instagram and shared a video of the pair performing a sultry routine in the dance studios. In view of her 9,444 followers, she took to her stories and penned a candid message. She captioned the black and white video: "Mornings with @giovannipernice & @strictlytheatreco." READ MORE: Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response Lauren, who is a professional dancer, is also the dance captain and creative at Burn The Floor. Meanwhile, Giovanni was finally able to lift the Glitterball Trophy alongside Rose in December after a number of near misses saw him reach the final of Strictly. As the first deaf contestant, Rose made history when she was crowned the Strictly champion. She paid a touching tribute to the Italian dancer on Valentine's Day, in view of her 550,000 followers.  Rose penned: "Six months ago, I didn't have a clue what I signed up for and to be honest I was terrified. Now, I know for sure that it was the best decision I have ever made, what a crazy ride and life-changing experience it has been. "@giovannipernice , I am so grateful that you were part of my Strictly journey. "Thank you for telling my story and showing everyone who I am. Our friendship is so special and lasting for sure." Turning her attention to fans, she continued: "Thank you to everyone who supported us, it has blown me away, you are the reason we got this far and made such an impact not just from dancing. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid sparks frenzy as she joins Kate Garraway for awards bash[LATEST]Stacey Solomon shares defiant bikini pic amid body 'insecurities'[INSTAGRAM]Stacey Dooley celebrates at dinner and sparks wedding rumours[PICTURES] "Without you all, it would not have been possible." She went on: "Now I am home, in my safe space with some calmness after the whirlwind that was Strictly. "I feel myself heading off to new adventures and I can't wait to see what happens next. But I will never forget everything that strictly has given me. Thank you, thank you, thank you." Giovanni swiftly responded: "Well done superstar." Oti Mabuse wrote: "Queen." Strictly winner, Stacey Dooley added: "Champ." Meanwhile, Rose has returned to Albert Square after the actress took a break from EastEnders. The soap star, who plays Frankie Lewis on the show, took some time away after taking part in Strictly.