While a staggering £15billion is left unclaimed benefits every year, a large part of this is due to unclaimed Attendance Allowance. More than three (3.4) million older people who have reached State Pension age aren’t claiming Attendance Allowance even though it could make all the difference to their finances. As energy bill increases and the cost of living continue to squeeze peoples’ pockets, campaigners are reassuring people that there’s no need to suffer in silence. There’s never been a more important time to check whether someone is receiving all the Government help they are entitled to. Attendance Allowance is available to pensioners who have an illness or disability and is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). The extra financial help is available to pensioners who are physically or mentally disabled, to help them pay for a carer. READ MORE: NHS prescription charges: How to save hundreds of pounds Figures show that 3.4 million pensioners who are eligible for Attendance Allowance aren’t claiming, leaving campaigners like poverty charity Turn2Us concerned that more needs to be done to raise awareness. This disability benefit is paid at two different rates depending on the level of care an older person requires. Britons will receive either £60 or £89.60 a week if they are physically or mentally disabled and have reached the state pension age of 66. The maximum they could be paid is £4,660 a year as long as they meet the following criteria. DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] Who can claim Attendance Allowance? In April, state benefits like Attendance Allowance will increase 3.1 percent to bring them in line with inflation. This will mean payments rise to either £61.85 or £92.40 depending on the level of care someone needs. It’s worth applying if an individual has been turned down before if their circumstances have changed. However, people will not be eligible for Attendance Allowance if they already get Disability Living Allowance (DLA) or Personal Independence Payments (PIP). What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As well as qualifying for Attendance Allowance, people could also be entitled to Pension Credit, Housing Benefit and a Council Tax reduction. Care home residents won’t usually be entitled to Attendance Allowance because their care is paid for by their local authority. However, they’ll still be able to claim Attendance Allowance if they pay for all their own care home costs. To check eligibility go to Gov.uk where there is a handy benefits calculator.