Emilia Jones, 20, wowed at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday night in a custom-made Givenchy gown. The brunette’s asymmetric dress was completely sheer and adorned with hundreds of diamantes and a thigh-high split. The CODA star let her natural beauty shine through with a simple smokey-eye and nude lipstick. Her brown hair was styled in loose waves with her fringe parted to perfectly frame her face. Emilia accessorised the dazzling look with jewellery by luxury designer, Anita Ko. Emilia’s film CODA won big at the California awards. READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him The Apple TV+ coming-of-age film stars Emilia as Ruby, the only hearing member of her deaf family.The movie won Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture, becoming the first film with a predominantly deaf cast to receive the award and beating the likes of House of Gucci and Don't Look Up.CODA has landed multiple nominations in this year’s awards season including the BAFTAs and The Academy Awards.Speaking to the Hollywood Reporter on the red-carpet before the ceremony kicked off, Emilia said, “It would mean the absolute world” to win the award. She said: “It's voted by the fellow actors but as the cast of CODA we're very much like an ensemble and we're very much a family like you see on screen. We're all very close."I couldn't think of a better award for us to win. But you know, chances are slim it's such a tough year. I've seen these films, they're amazing, so you never know, but I'm so happy to be here. "History is being made. I'm so grateful to be a part of a film that is changing history."Emilia has already won a number of gongs for her role as Ruby. DON'T MISSThe Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion[LATEST]Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[INSIGHT]Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit[NEWS] These include Breakthrough Performer at the Gotham Independent Film Awards, the Best Breakthrough Performance for Alliance of Women Film Journalists, Breakthrough Artist at the San Diego Film Critics Society, and Best Youth Performance at the Seattle Film Critics Society. The 20-year-old is the daughter of Aled Jones and his wife Claire Fossett. Emilia has previously described how “supportive” her parents have been of her career. She told PA that upon hearing the movie had been nominated for a BAFTA, her father text his wife and said: “What the hell she’s done it!” The actress explained: “They're so supportive and they've sacrificed a lot for me to do this so I'm very grateful to have them.” Discussing her breakout role, Emilia said: “I'm just so grateful that people loved CODA because I did work so hard. “I was 17 when we shot so I had a big, big workload for 17, so it's nice people are being so lovely." Emilia also trained for nine months with American Sign Language.