Picking the right room on a cruise holiday can be tricky. From luxury suites to interior cabins, mega cruise ships have a lot of choice. Huge cruise ships also have multiple decks and passengers might want to avoid staying close to some of the noisier areas. On Reddit, one first time passenger asked regular cruise holidaymakers for the best areas on board. One Reddit user said: “In a mid ship location, you can walk up or down to all the areas of the ship. “Stay away from the central elevator areas, as there is walk by noise all the time. Stay away from the pool deck which has a tendency for night noise when it's cleaned.” READ MORE: ‘Secret cruise code language’ used in emergencies by crew Choosing a room in the middle of the ship means that a guest will be close to all the action onboard. Avoiding the pool deck is also a good idea as it may be noisy at all times of the day even during the night. Another passenger said: “Try not to be too close to the elevators and staircase to reduce footfall.” The ship’s elevators are likely to be in constant use well into the evening and could disrupt passengers who enjoy an early night. One Reddit user said: “Not close to elevators or stairs. Try decks that are on top and below decks of only cabins. “No interconnecting rooms unless you’re travelling with someone you would like to connect with.” Interconnecting rooms can be noisy as the connecting door can sometimes be heard from neighbouring cabins. The user continued: “Your best bet is to find the ship you’re travelling with and check its deck plans.” Most major cruise ships will have a deck plan available online for passengers to see before travelling. Savvy guests could look at the plan before booking to make sure they choose the right room for them. One passenger agreed saying: “Going to recommend looking up a deck plan as well. CruiseMapper has tons of them in one place. “Hasn’t happened to me, but I have seen others get Ocean View cabins that happen to only look at the lifeboats.” It could be disappointing to get a cabin with a bad view so it’s always a good idea to check the plan before. Another passenger said: “Check for floors above and below. Was above the nightclub one time. “Thump thump late into the night in the room.” Although nightclub noise might be a pain for some guests, party loving passengers might enjoy being so close to the ship’s nightlife. Passengers also might be able to get cheap deals for less desirable rooms and could save money for excursions.