Paramount Network’s hit prequel series, Y 1883 transported fans back 130 years before the events in Yellowstone to give viewers a glimpse of how John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) ancestors acquired the highly sought after Dutton Ranch. However, in the most recent episode fans were left emotional after it looked as though a major character had met her death.  Throughout the series, fans gained a major insight into the treacherous sacrifices the Dutton family made to get the Dutton Ranch in their lineage. It started when patriarch James Dutton (Tim McGraw), his wife Margaret (Faith Hill), daughter Elsa (Isabel May) and son John Dutton (Audie Rick) took a voyage for a better future. Led by Shea Brennan (Sam Elliot), the family and a group of other immigrants took a perilous journey from Texas to Montana. However, in the most recent episode ‘Racing Clouds’ it looked as though Elsa may have met her demise after a nail-biting episode.  READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene With the first season approaching its finale, the journey reached a crucial turning point as the group ventured along the Oregon Trail, where a Native American tribe called Lakota lived. As the caravan’s approached the camp, the travellers noticed people had been murdered, however, problems arose when Risa (Anna Fiomora) and Josef (Marc Rissmann) were bitten by a snake. Thankfully Colton (Noah Le Gros) came to the rescue, killed the snake and sucked the venom out of Josef’s foot. Elsewhere, Shea, James and Thomas came across the Native American camp which had been burned down and their horses slaughtered.  As James suggested it may have been the horse thieves, Shea worried the relatives of the dead may show up for revenge. Although the group continued to the next army checkpoint, the Lakota people noticed the caravan tracks and followed them, while James tried to assassinate the horse thieves on their behalf. They launched a brutal attack under the impression the group killed their relatives, sadly Elsa was caught in the crossfires. As she was the closest, Elsa was hit by an arrow and fell off her horse, thankfully she regained consciousness and was able to use the little tribe’s language she knew to communicate.  DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 1 recap: What happened in Yellowstone series 1? [INSIGHT]Y 1883's Elsa Dutton to ditch James Dutton for Sam after major clue? [THEORY] After stating the group didn’t attack their relatives, the group were let go and continued their journey, however, it may have been too late for Elsa. Her wound had become severely infected and despite the best efforts, her parents worried about the injury, as the situation became dire. Fans took to Twitter to share their anguish about Elsa’s potential death in the finale, including thrsonly1who tweeted: “So, Elsa is going to die mon 1883 at this moment, I do not like Taylor Sheridan.” Taylorlewis91660 added: “I’m so disappointed why did Elsa have to die?? I love Tim McGraw and Faith Hill and all the other main characters on 1883 but I loved Elsa!! She was living my dream!!!”  Xocassidipaigee wrote: “1883 potentially killing Elsa off has me literally crying.” TimOBrian10 stated: “I've loved watching Yellowstone but my goodness, 9 episodes of 1883 has been more emotionally gutting than 4 full seasons of Yellowstone.” MarusWrld expressed: “So what are the chances Sam catches up with Elsa and his people help Elsa wound heal??? Because why 1883 introduce us to Elsa to take her away?” Elsa’s death was also hinted at in Yellowstone’s season four episode one when she was completely missing from the flashforward episode. Fans will have to tune into the final episode of Y 1883 to see if this will truly be how Elsa will meet her demise. Y 1883 continues on Paramount Network on Sunday, February 27. 