Russian Formula One driver Nikita Mazepin won't be present during Friday's lunch break press conference at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. Haas have pulled Mazepin amid the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but team principal Gunther Steiner will speak to the media. Russia launched a full-scale attack on their neighbouring country on Thursday, with 137 Ukrainians - soldiers and civilians - killed during the first day alone. The nation's capital city Kyiv was targeted with rocket strikes overnight and is now braced for an attack, with Russian forces in the northern suburb. On Friday, UEFA confirmed St. Petersburg had been stripped of the Champions League final in May, now taking place at the Stade de France in Paris. And now the worrying events have plunged the Russia Grand Prix, set to take place in September, into serious doubt. JUST IN: F1 fans back Masi sacking but the jury is out on new FIA appointments  However, on Thursday, the F1 star was asked if he hoped the Grand Prix would go ahead in his homeland despite the current invasion of Ukraine. And smiling, he replied: "Of course, from the understanding that we've had with Formula One, the race is going ahead and you will surely see me there." In response, later in the day, former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson aimed an explosive X-rated dig at the 22-year-old on Twitter. He tweeted: "Nikita Mazepin. You f****g r****d. Go and race in Russia on your own. You'd still lose." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton gives reason for social media silence ahead of 2022  There is still no official word from F1 about the fate of the Russian GP, but high-profile pair Sebastian Vettel and Max Verstappen have put organisers under pressure to cancel it. Vettel, a four-time world champion, has refused to race at Sochi if F1 decides to keep it on the 2022 calendar. He said: "For myself, my own opinion is I should not go, I will not go. I think it's wrong to race in that country. I'm sorry for the people, innocent people who are losing their lives, getting killed for stupid reasons." And reigning world champion Verstappen has claimed "it is not right" to race in a country when it's at war. Mazepin arrived at Haas last season along with Uralkali backing, which was thought to safeguard the team's future in F1. Haas are an American team but have undeniable Russian connections with their driver, title sponsor and livery that resembles the nation's flag. However, ahead of the final day of testing in Barcelona, they removed all mention of Uralkali from their livery, which could threaten their partnership. It's a move that likely won't go down well with deputy chairman of the Uralkali board, Dmitry Mazepin, and could throw his son's future at the team into doubt.