BBC Breakfast's beloved weather presenter Carol Kirkwood has taken to Twitter to share her astonishment at the impact of the recent storms in the UK. This morning, the weather woman, 59, checked in on a social media user who revealed that a family member's garage had been severely damaged by the risky weather conditions. After wishing her 217,200 followers a good morning, the meteorologist addressed the impact of the recent extreme weather. Carol tweeted: "Hope you have not been adversely affected by the storms we have had... xx," followed by two red hearts. The star's social media users were quick to comment on the post with their own experiences of Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin. Twitter user @matelotjack posted a snap of a garage with the roof completely blown off. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death Replying to Carol, they captioned the snap: "My mothers garage roof in Wales."(sic) Clearly taken aback by the image, Carol responded: "Oh my goodness... alongside two shocked faces. "Hope your Mum is okay?x" she asked the social media user. They replied: "She said she was sat in the kitchen and heard a crack - the roof flew past the kitchen window!! "Thankfully they are all safe. X," they reassured the BBC star. Carol's other followers then weighed in with their own storm stories. One posted a snap of a trampoline on its side on a patio, while another told how their fence panels had blown out. Carol had been keeping her followers up to date on the extreme weather by live-tweeting the recent storms. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty speaks out as Emily Maitlis bids farewell to BBC [ANALYSIS]Strictly's Neil Jones reacts as ex-wife Katya brands him her 'husband' [UPDATE] Days ahead of reporting on the storms, Carol left some BBC Breakfast viewers distracted by her outfit choice as she presented the weather. Taking to social media, several viewers pointed out how her dress resembled the sea. Tweeting to the star, fan Andy Clarke wrote: “Where do you end and where does the Atlantic Ocean begin @carolkirkwood? “Love the dress choice on @BBCBreakfast today!" Replying to the compliment, Carol reacted with a series of emojis, including laughing faces and a love heart. Another fan also commented on her dress with a similar assessment. Dan Sambell wrote: “Look at @carolkirkwood blending in with the weather." To this, Carol then replied: “Oops!”