As St John's Cambridge took on Trinity, Innes, from the latter team, caught the attention of those tuning in on the BBC quiz show by being the only contestant to "dress up". Rather than focusing on the competition progressing and Jeremy Paxman's sarcastic remarks, many University Challenge fans instead took to social media to comment on the brainy student's appearance. Host Paxman opened the show by stating: "Hello, the end of our quarter-final stage is in sight. "And unfortunately, that means tonight we'll be saying goodbye to another of this year's teams. "Both teams playing tonight lost their first quarter-final and will leave the competition if they lose again. "Whoever wins, however, will earn themselves one last shot at the semi-final." READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch Sporting a colourful, short-sleeved top while her teammates and the opposing team had all opted for dark jumpers, Innes stood out from the others. It didn't take long for viewers to comment on her look, with Twitter user Kevin G Conroy writing: "Innes is dressed up tonight compared to her teammates #UniversityChallenge." Steve McCroskey commented: "#UniversityChallenge blimey Innes, you'll catch a death." "Innes out on the town again afterwards. #UniversityChallenge," said Erasmo Recchioni. Tom remarked: "Clark get your head in the game, stop starring at Innes #UniversityChallenge." Dom joked: "Innes: when you're on #UniversityChallenge at 8:30, but off salsa dancing at 9." Echoing this, Ben Torgersen posted: "Innes of to a salsa class after show #universitychallenge." (sic). Another element of the show viewers picked up on was the pop music round. DON'T MISS... EastEnders horror as Tommy Moon claims first murder victim? [SPOILERS]The Chase viewers 'gutted' as Anne Hegerty steals £80k solo win [REACTION]Ruth Langsford details how husband Eamonn makes her feel ‘sexy’ [LATEST] As a selection of popular music tracks played, none of the contestants from either team could name any. Many believed it was a tough round, with fans also unable to recognise the songs. Laura tweeted: "First time ever I didn't get one question right in the music round even though it was popular music!!! But neither did anyone on the team. #UniversityChallenge." Other fans labelled the round "hilarious" as the contestants offered only blank looks. The instalment finished with st John's Cambridge winning the round with 155 points. "So Trinity, sadly we're going to have to say goodbye to you I'm afraid," Paxman stated. "You leave the competition. St John's, you have to win one more match to get into the semis, good luck." University Challenge airs Mondays at 8.30pm on BBC Two.