Dan Walker has opened up on the news Sally Nugent is replacing Louise Minchin as his co-host on BBC Breakfast. The 44-year-old revealed there is just one downside to Sally taking the reins. Louise announced she was quitting the show last June after 10 years at the helm. Sally had stood in for Louise several times before, but she was still up against stiff competition as many other presenters applied for the coveted role. Every time she hosted the show, Sally felt like she was being tested by the producers to see if she could be a permanent fixture, the 50-year-old told The Mirror. Not only that, she underwent a gruelling interview process which she compared to an A-level exam. Sally was delighted when she got what she calls “the best job in telly”. And better still, she will be sitting beside her friend of two decades, Strictly star Dan. Dan lifted the lid on how he feels about his new co-host. “Sally’s coffee is much stronger than Louise’s was. I cannot bear the smell of coffee. I’ve never drunk a cup in my life,” he quipped. He added: “The best thing about working with Sally, and this was the same as Louise, is it’s never a fight. If you watch some TV combinations, they’re fighting for space or the limelight.” On Sunday, Louise confirmed her brand new career move following her departure from The BBC. The 53-year-old revealed she will be fronting Push Your Peak in partnership with indoor bike company, Wattbike. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George's 'painful' pregnancy amid health woes [LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [ROW]Linda Nolan reaches out to Janey Godley amid cancer battle struggle [HEALTH] Louise announced the news on her Instagram story to her 128,000 followers. She wrote: “I am very excited to tell you about my new podcast with @wattbike #pushyourpeak,” alongside a glimpse at the podcast’s cover artwork. In a trailer, the 53-year-old explained that the series will see her sit down with “superhumans who have done extraordinary things”. She said: “Push Your Peak is a brand new podcast brought to you by Wattbike. Join me, Louise Minchin, and some of the world’s most incredible sportspeople to learn what it takes mentally and physically to push yourself beyond your limits. “Whether you are an elite or everyday athlete, it can be hard to continually progress. “How do you push yourself out of your comfort zone? Where do you go to find that inner drive? “Tune in to hear these inspiring stories and take away the belief that you can achieve your own goals no matter how big or small.” The journalist also revealed her first guest will be cyclist Mark Beaumont, who holds the record for cycling around the world in less than 79 days.