The NHS states: “The best way to lose weight if you're obese is through a combination of diet and exercise, and, in some cases, medicines. See a GP for help and advice.” Visceral fat is stored within the abdominal cavity and is therefore in close proximity, often wrapping itself around a number of important internal organs such as the liver, pancreas and intestines.  Though too much body fat anywhere is bad for you, visceral fat is particularly bad as it raises your risk of a number of serious medical conditions. A study published online by Cambridge University Press finds that cruciferous vegetable intake is inversely associated with extensive abdominal fat in elderly women. Cruciferous vegetables included cabbage, Brussels sprouts, cauliflower and broccoli. Cruciferous vegetables are rich in nutrients, including several carotenoids and vitamins C, E, and K; folate; and minerals. They also are a good fibre source, according to the National Cancer Institute. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Two signs to spot when going to the toilet - seen in 90% of patients  The organisation explains cruciferous vegetables contain a group of substances known as glucosinolates, which are sulphur-containing chemicals. “These chemicals are responsible for the pungent aroma and bitter flavour of cruciferous vegetables,” it adds. It says: “Higher consumption of vegetables in general may protect against some diseases, including some types of cancer. “However, when researchers try to distinguish cruciferous vegetables from other foods in the diet, it can be challenging to get clear results because study participants may have trouble remembering precisely what they ate.”  Moreover, people who eat cruciferous vegetables may be more likely than people who don’t to have other healthy behaviours that reduce disease risk. Ultimately, maintaining a healthy weight and eating a balanced healthy diet reduces your risk of a number of health problems. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says that coronary heart disease is the UK’s single “biggest killer”, noting that being overweight or obese can "increase your risk of coronary heart disease". It adds: “Research shows that reaching and keeping to a healthy weight can cut your risk because it helps prevent and manage conditions like high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and type 2 diabetes that put you at greater risk of coronary heart disease.”  The NHS states: “If you're overweight, changes to your diet and physical activity levels are the first step to helping you lose weight. “Your GP or practice nurse can help you assess your current diet and levels of physical activity, and set personal goals for change.” It adds: “Measuring your waist is a good way to check you're not carrying too much fat around your stomach, which can raise your risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes and stroke. “You can have a healthy BMI and still have excess tummy fat, meaning you're still at risk of developing these conditions.”  Nonetheless, Nuffield Health notes that body mass index (BMI), while still useful, has come under increasing scrutiny for not being a full representation of body composition or health. Indeed, the NHS notes: “Your BMI can tell you if you're carrying too much weight, but it cannot tell if you're carrying too much fat.” The NHS adds: “Small changes (like swapping sugary drinks for water or ditching sugar from your tea) can make a big difference in the long term.” “Being healthier is not just about what you eat – it's also about regular physical activity,” the health body says. 