Prince Charles' charity, The Prince’s Foundation, is under renewed scrutiny over cash-for-honours allegations, with the Metropolitan Police now investigating reports that offers of help were made to secure honours and citizenship for a Saudi national. Clarence House has said the prince had “no knowledge” of the alleged scandal. Meanwhile, the Queen used her Platinum Jubilee, marking the 70th anniversary of her reign, to express her wish for Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, to be known as Queen Consort when Charles becomes King. ‘Queen Consort’ refers to the spouse of a ruling king and would mean ‘Queen Camilla’ is the Duchess’ future title. Camilla’s title once Charles takes the throne has been unresolved for many years, with Clarence House initially saying she would be known as Princess Consort in a statement when she married the heir in 2005. This was believed to be out of respect for Diana, Princess of Wales, as Charles and Camilla’s well-documented affair contributed to the breakdown of their marriage. Public opinion after Charles and Diana’s divorce and the princess’ subsequent death, was for a long time set against Camilla becoming Queen. However, over time, polls suggest the public have warmed to Camilla and now support her becoming Queen. READ MORE: Moment the Duchess of Cambridge shoots down slide & almost wipes out  So what do you think? Is it better to skip over Charles and Camilla for King William and Queen Kate? Vote in our poll and leave your comments below. The Queen resolved the issue earlier this month, saying: “When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” But this is a difficult moment for the monarchy. The future King’s charity is under investigation by the police. Prince Andrew, 61, the Queen’s second-youngest child, settled a civil sex case with Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre had accused the Duke of York of sexually assaulting her three times when she was 17, which he vehemently denies. Just weeks after it was ruled the case should go to trial later this year, the two came to a financial settlement, which included a substantial donation from Andrew to Ms Giuffre’s victims charity. However, antagonism towards Andrew persists and there are growing calls for him to relinquish his title as Duke of York.  Across the Atlantic, Prince Harry, 37, is expected to publish his memoirs this year, which will “shake the monarchy to its core”, according to friends of Harry, who now resides in California with his wife. But there are still members of the Royal Family who are working their hardest to save their collective reputation. This week, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, 40, is on a solo trip to Denmark, expected to put her best foot forward for the firm. Her last solo tour was in 2017, and royal circles have said this is no mistake — Kate is known for being dependable, likeable and getting good headlines. The Times royal correspondent Roya Nikkhah said: “The Queen and her courtiers will look to the Duchess of Cambridge’s solo deployment to Denmark this week for the positive headlines needed by the House of Windsor.” The two-day visit will see her take her work for the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which she launched last summer, on a global scale. DON'T MISS: Kate's 'broody' confession sparks hopes over new royal baby [REPORT]Royal expert tells Queen watchers of concerning moment to watch for [INSIGHT]Kate gets her hands dirty with wood chopping during Copenhagen visit [PICTURES]  The Duchess has already begun fulfilling her task of snatching headlines, with pictures of a delighted Kate whizzing down a slide at the Lego Foundation PlayLab in Copenhagen. Her visit will also pay tribute to the long ties the UK and Denmark have and mark the countries' joint jubilees ‒ the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the Golden Jubilee of Denmark's Queen Margrethe II ‒ both of which are this year. Next week, Kate will be off on royal duty once more, this time with Prince William, 39, in tow. The royal couple is set to visit Wales next Tuesday to mark St David's Day on March 1, and will be travelling to both Abergavenny and Blaenavon. During the trip to Wales, Kensington Palace says William and Kate will learn about the importance of the agricultural industry for rural communities and how they celebrate the history of local regions. With Camilla taking the title of Queen Consort when her time comes, it’s widely expected that Kate will do the same.  When Charles ascends to the throne, William is expected to inherit his father’s title, the Prince of Wales. Kate will then take the Princess of Wales, it is believed — a title not used since Princess Diana. Camilla was styled as the Duchess of Cornwall upon her marriage to Charles, out of respect for the late People’s Princess. According to a royal source, the inheritance of the Princess of Wales title will be an emotional moment for Kate and William. They told the Telegraph: "I’m sure it’ll be a bit of a bittersweet moment. "This is her son and his wife, so in some ways, it will be coming full circle — but it will also be a poignant reminder of what we all lost." 