Compare that to a new hospital doctor whose starting salary is £35,000 and a nurse who is on an average of £33,000. I tell you these figures because you’d imagine a manager on tens of thousands more than the bloke who runs the country and much more than the doctors and nurses who actually save lives and make sick people well, must be super smart, super clever and bursting with ideas to fix our failing NHS. Well, don’t hold your breath because the latest bright idea from these idiot health bosses is to spend £200m creating 27,500 “virtual” hospital beds by the end of next year. In effect this means that sick people, many with pneumonia, cancer and heart disease – all pretty serious stuff – will not be cared for in hospital but “ monitored” from home through the use of medical arm bands. Yep, that’s right sick people are going to be turfed out of their hospital beds and sent home to be “monitored” by staff who we already know are rushed off their feet. It’ll mean one in six hospital patients being monitored from home and health bosses say it’s to ease pressure on the wards. How the hell are doctors and nurses supposed to properly monitor 27,000 patients outside the hospital when they can barely manage to monitor the ones inside on their own wards? This is a total dereliction of duty of care. We pay for the NHS for God’s sake. We don’t pay to be sent home and hope that already overstretched staff can save our lives when we’re in our bedrooms and they’re God knows how many miles away. So what happens when a patient takes a turn for the worse? Where’s the hospital equipment that could save their lives in the case of an emergency? Oh hang on its back in the hospital – too bloody far away to do any good. If they’ve got £200m to spend on this ridiculous scheme why aren’t they spending it on extra beds inside hospitals. You can’t “do” medicine or hospital care virtually. You can’t treat someone whose having a heart attack “virtually”. An NHS spokesman says: “Virtual wards are already working well across many parts of the country allowing people to benefit from the care of hospital doctors and nurses from their own homes.” I’m not buying it. Virtual medicine didn’t work very well during the pandemic did it? Many people who were treated “virtually” are now dead. Many thousands more missed vital heart and cancer diagnoses. How dare these obscenely paid managers do this to our cash-strapped NHS which is cash strapped precisely because of their salaries, their pensions, their payoffs and the fact they can’t manage a you-know-what in a brewery. Pressure on wards would be eased if they properly managed the multi-billions they get given every year. But they don’t. They squander those billions on clinical negligence claims, management consultants, prescribing unnecessary drugs and X rays people don’t need, hopeless procurement departments that’s stupidly pay 70p for a toilet roll, post operative (and totally avoidable infections), vanity projects that don’t work. And that’s not the half of it….. How dare they turf sick people out of hospitals and tell us its for their own good to try to save money. There were 4,785 more heart deaths between the start of the first lockdown in March 2020 to October 2020. That’s people who were being diagnosed virtually by GPs who didn’t see or treat their symptoms and because they couldn’t get hospital care. There were an extra 1,400 alcohol deaths in 2020. One million fewer women were screened for breast cancer and 7,000 cases were missed. Not to mention the cancer crisis that will kill tens of thousands more – all because people didn’t have access to, or weren’t being treated in hospitals. It’s bad enough we have GPs who want to treat people “remotely” now we have hospitals wanting to do it as well. Is this really what these managers earn the big bucks for – throwing sick people out of hospital and trying to convince us it’s a good thing? Sadly people are going to have to die before anyone admits that it isn’t. An NHS England spokesman said recently: “We have one of the most efficient health services in the world.” Well he should be sacked for a start – for lying and being congenitally stupid. No efficient health service sends sick people home to be treated “remotely.”