This includes weakening the immune system. According to a study from the US, over-cleaning can damage the microbiome - a collection of bacteria, microbes, and bacteria that live inside or on your body. The microbiome forms part of the immune system and helps to protect it. By damaging the microbiome, over-cleaning through over-showering can make a person more vulnerable to illnesses. READ MORE: Ant McPartlin health: Star said his diagnosis 'made sense' However, while the study said over-cleaning had a negative impact, it did not subsequently suggest how often a person should shower to maintain the balance between staying fresh and becoming vulnerable to bacteria of the infectious kind. Weakening the immune system is the only way showering in a certain way could be bad for the body; it can also harm the skin. According to dermatologist Lucy Chen, the right number of showers per week is two to three, a number that sounds surprising for those who either shower every day or for whom regular exercise is a key part of their routine. The reason why showering once a day may be bad for the skin, says the dermatologist, is because “it can remove essential oils and dry out your skin".  As a result, the dry skin “can lead to eczema or skin inflammation” or lead to other conditions such as acne". Furthermore, the act of over-showering can create dandruff on the scalp and dry out the hair. As well as suggesting that an individual should only shower two or three times a week, Ms Chen said that these showers should only last five to 10 minutes. However, the dermatologist said that showering habits will vary from person to person depending on their routines and habits. “The amount you should shower really depends on your environment and your daily activities.” The temperature at which an individual showers is also one that has caused debate in the past. While a hot shower is the preferred variant during the winter, it may not be the healthiest way to shower. Cold showering as a form of cold-water immersion has been found by some to strengthen their immune system and help with muscle recovery. This latter reason is part of the reason why athletes from a variety of sports use ice baths in the aftermath of matches and training sessions; to help with their muscle recovery. This isn’t to say that an individual should engage in cold showers every day; this is a personal preference, but it is an option open to some and one not without its potential health benefits. What is certain is that a lack of showering, without any washing-based alternative, will have some negative consequences, namely the individual could start to smell. A lack of washing can also lead to the build-up of dead skin and dirt that can lead to infections. This is all up to personal preference and each person’s washing routine evolves over time.