  Sam Heughan, who is best known for his role as Jamie Fraser on the show Outlander, appeared on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show today to discuss the show’s return. During their chat things soon turned awkward, however, as Zoe brought up one film that wouldn’t be hitting screens any time soon.     Sam, 41, spoke to Zoe about the sixth season of Outlander, which will debut next Sunday. After chatting about bagpipes, lost luggage and a number of other exciting screen projects that Sam is a part of this year, the conversation took an unexpected turn. Towards the end of their interview Zoe, 51, said: “Before I let you go, Everest. This film - what a cast! You, Ewan McGregor and Mark Strong. Have you started filming yet? Has this happened yet?” As the radio host was talking, Sam could be heard chuckling in the background before interjecting. READ MORE: 'Very worrying time' Piers Morgan on Queen's shock Covid diagnosis     “Zoe… Just hit me where it hurts,” the actor declared dramatically, as Zoe said: “Oh no!” “Hit me right where it hurts!” Sam said again. “You know, we were supposed to be shooting this fantastic movie about Everest. “Unfortunately, it’s not happening at the moment, but who knows? In the future it might, it’s just our schedules clashed…” “Oh no, I’m so sorry!” Zoe interrupted.      “Oh that’s fine Zoe,” Sam replied with a tone of mock despair, “I’ll just go and jump off a cliff right now.” “No please don’t!” Zoe laughed, as Sam added: “A very high cliff, a very high Everest cliff.” The film entitled Everest to which Zoe was referring to, was announced in June of last year, with Sam, Ewan McGregor and Mark Strong billed as its main talent. The movie was to be directed by Doug Liman, who has worked on action flicks including The Bourne Identity, Swingers and Mr and Mrs Smith. READ MORE... Ruth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced [UPDATE] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [INSIGHT] Eamonn Holmes defends Rylan Clark over 'sickies' accusation [LATEST]      Inspired by Jeffrey Archer’s novel Paths of Glory, the story is set in 1921 and centres on the real-life George Mallory (Ewan McGregor), who is picked by Arthur Hinks (Mark Strong) of the Royal Geographic Society to scale the previously unconquerable Mount Everest. While the film was supposed to start shooting in January of this year, it has been delayed for reasons that have not yet been confirmed. Meanwhile, Outlander is set to return for a sixth season on Sunday, March 6. The news was announced by Outlander author Diana Gabaldon at the launch of the ninth book in the series, Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone.      Starz president and CEO Chris Albrecht said: “Fans can rest assured their beloved Claire and Jamie will be back facing new challenges, adversaries and adventures in season six as we delve into American history and continue the story of the Frasers as they settle in the New World.” Meanwhile, Sam has admitted that it’s sometimes difficult for him to switch off once the cameras stop rolling. After he wrapped up filming of the latest series, the actor told the Express: “It really is a sort of transitional moment. “It's sometimes hard to switch off, and for the first few days after shooting and completing a season of Outlander you're still on this hamster wheel of getting things done and doing things.” The Zoe Ball Breakfast show airs weekdays from 6:30am on BBC Radio 2.   