Mrs Hinch, otherwise known as Mrs Hinchcliffe, first found fame after posting ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations online. The cleaning influencer now has an astounding 4.3 followers on Instagram. Fans of the guru have now created their own Facebook pages dedicated to sharing their best cleaning tips and tricks with one another. These tips include how to remove mould from shower curtains. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her “disgusting” shower curtain which was growing mould. Jenny Brown wrote: “So this looks disgusting, it has been sprayed with mould and mildew remover and put through the washing machine. “Is it time for a new curtain in the shower?” No one likes seeing mould or mildew on their shower curtain. READ MORE: Inside Princess Beatrice & Eugenie's former £20k St James' Palace flat Unfortunately, it’s going to grow there at some point. The shower is hot and humid and this is exactly the climate in which mould thrives. If mould is left untreated, it can become hazardous to your health. Fortunately, Mrs Hinch fans were quick to comment on their best cleaning tips and tricks for removing mould from shower curtains. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove limescale from bathroom taps [COMMENT] The majority of the replies suggested using bleach on the shower curtain. Lisa Dye commented: “I put water in the bath with lots of bleach and let it soak, after a while I scrub it then put it in the washing machine. “It came up like new and it was a lot worse than yours.” Deborah Williams agreed: “Yep, bleach is the best as previously mentioned.” Kirsty Davis wrote: “Soak in bleach and cold water. Rinse then if needed put through the washing machine. Trust me it really works!” Angela Cooper suggested: “Soak it in bleach, rinse and put it through the wash. I do that with mine and they come up a treat.” Clair Clark said: “Put bleach and water in a mop bucket and either take the curtain down and soak it or just leave it up and bunch the bottom in the bucket.” Chelsea Richards added: “Its so simple, all you have to do is soak it in some bleach and then rinse it in the washing machine. I’ve found that the stains come out right away.” Bleach is great for killing surface mould and bacteria. Britons can pick up bleach for as little as 45p from B&M and Home Bargains. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using Ace For Whites to clean the shower curtain. Holly Mackenzie wrote: “I soaked mine in Ace For Whites.” Shaleese Coates added: “Ace For Whites is brilliant for getting rid of mould.”