The British expat said they lived in Gijon Asturias, a large coastal city in northern Spain. They said their wife was Spanish and they “loved Spain”. However, the expat found plenty of things to “moan” about when it came to life in Spain. They said: “I have found it is an absolute sin in Spain to wear something considered ‘winter’ clothes in spring or summer and vice versa. “Also, to wear clothing which is a little old or a tad worn out is exceptionally frowned upon and people judge you for it. “This is also passed onto the kids. Kids I find are very well dressed. But this grates on me as it seems very phoney.” READ MORE: Horror as British tourists face huge price rise in Spain   They added: “I also find a kind of snob attitude to this as well. It creates a weird snobbery.” However, another expat said: “Nobody wants to go around in rags or indeed have their offspring in rags. “If you are happy to go around in rags then that is your business. But it has nothing to do with being snobbish, it is simply having pride in one’s appearance!” A few other British expats said they hadn’t experienced judgement for their choice of clothing in Spain. However, one person said: “I think the point about the Spanish people regarding it as a sin to wear summer clothes after a certain date was true years ago, but has been changing gradually.” The moaning expat added: “I don’t know if anyone has found this, I have tried to interact with neighbours and people in the street and always hit a brick wall. “I use small talk as Spanish practice, but ultimately it’s much harder than it’s worth.” Most of the British expats on the forum strongly disagreed and said they felt people were good at small talk. One said: “Lose the chip on your shoulder! Now perhaps you understand how immigrants who move to the UK feel. “It is a bit different when the shoe is on the other foot. You need to try to integrate as best you can and not expect someone to roll the red carpet out for you.” Another added: “I find the Spanish are pretty good with small talk. Even in these days of remote working we always have a few minutes of general chit chat before getting down to business. One expat said: “I don’t recognise the moan about Spanish people not doing small talk. “Complete strangers often strike up conversations with me when queuing in shops, waiting at bus stops, sitting on buses or just in the street, as do my neighbours from the house we left five years ago. “One of the things I like about Spanish children is that in general they seem very confident and articulate at a young age and unafraid to strike up a conversation with people much older than themselves.” Britons in Spain might find that attitudes to small talk vary across the country’s many regions.