The Queen met Prince Philip in 1934, when they both attended the wedding of Philip’s cousin, Princess Marina of Greece. She married the Duke of Kent. At the time, Elizabeth was just a teenager and Philip 18-years-old. The young couple met again in 1939, at Dartmouth Royal Navy College, where Philip attempted to impress Elizabeth on the tennis court. They started writing to one another soon after, but their engagement wasn't announced until July 1947. Philip proposed with a ring that paid tribute to his family. According to diamond experts Steven Stone, the engagement ring has a “special history” as its diamonds came from a tiara belonging to Philip’s mother, Princess Alice of Battenberg. READ MORE: The royal whose favourite perfume costs £245 - & not Kate or Meghan Princess Alice was the wife of Prince Andrew, a son of King George I of Greece. Philip had a difficult childhood as, when he was an infant, his family was exiled and later disintegrated. His mother was institutionalised, while his father ran off with his mistress. The young Prince was heavily involved in the design of Elizabeth’s engagement ring, which is set in platinum and has eleven diamonds – a three-carat round solitaire diamond, and five smaller stones set on each side. DON'T MISS: Michael Mosley’s diet to achieve ‘rapid weight loss and burn fat’ [EXPERT]McDonald’s forced to remove Chicken Big Mac from menu - here's why [NEWS]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] Experts at Steven Stone have estimated the value of the ring today, finding it to be worth around £207,082. Although Philip was a Prince, his family was not very wealthy, therefore using diamonds from another jewellery piece could have been an effective way for him to save money. Princess Alice gave her son a diamond and aquamarine tiara in 1946, knowing Philip would soon propose to Elizabeth. The tiara had been given to Alice in 1903 by her aunt and uncle, just before she married Prince Andrew. Philip helped design the engagement ring alongside London jeweller Philip Antrobus Ltd. Using what was left of the tiara, the Prince also designed a bracelet for his bride-to-be. The bracelet is inspired by the Art Deco trend and is geometric in design. It features three large white brilliant cut diamonds with three square links connected by vertical sections, all set in platinum. The Queen has worn this bracelet on many occasions, including for her and Philip’s 25th wedding anniversary portrait in 1972. More recently, Her Majesty also donned it for her Diamond Jubilee portrait in 2012. The Duchess of Cambridge has borrowed the bracelet more than once, choosing to wear it for a state banquet for the President of China in 2015, and for the BAFTAs in 2017. Her Majesty’s wedding ring, meanwhile, was made with Welsh gold mined from the Clogau mine, near Dolgellau.