Antonio Conte has sparked fears he could walk away from Tottenham after the club's fourth defeat in five matches at Burnley. The Italian's post-match reaction at Turf Moor appeared to suggest he was considering resigning as Spurs boss, who admitted discussions needed to be held with chairman Daniel Levy. While there is a strong chance tensions in the heat of the moment may have settled overnight, Express Sport has ranked four coaches currently available that could hypothetically step in should Conte part company with Tottenham. Probably the most likely successor is Mason, who was appointed the club's interim boss in April 2021 following the sacking of Jose Mourinho and while he is somewhat under-qualified to take the job full-time, he has been working as part of Conte's backroom staff. His experience at the helm last season would also stand him in good stead of landing the role (on a temporary basis again) and the appointment would buy Levy some time ahead of the summer when Mauricio Pochettino or Erik ten Hag could be reconsidered. While Spurs struck gold with Conte, appointing managers mid-season has always proved to be a challenge, therefore Spurs could put the brakes on their next move until the summer with the safety net that is Mason. Going from Conte to the former Spurs midfielder would evidently involve a comedown but if it provides the club with some stability, it represents a sensible and realistic option. A wildcard option given his recent dismissal at RB Leipzig but importantly, Marsch fits the kind of profile Spurs have turned to in the past. The likes of Andre Villas-Boas and Pochettino were young, exciting coaches and savvy tacticians. Marsch's blueprint and philosophy is clear and his teams have a clear identity. For that reason, he's an appointment Spurs fans could probably get behind if worse comes to worst but once again, he is quite the contrast from Conte. His failure to succeed with Leipzig could prove to be a black mark on his record though - it would create questions as to whether Marsch has the credentials to succeed with Tottenham. It's an appointment that would align with a long-term vision but that would also create mixed signals given that Conte was brought in to win trophies immediately. While he had his critics at Barcelona, it's a mystery that Valverde remains unemployed. The Spaniard is held in high esteem around Europe and was even interviewed by Manchester United for the interim job that was handed to Ralf Rangnick. Spurs were also in contact with the 58-year-old last summer in their relentless search for a new manager, so he already has the respect of the boardroom. Valverde is an old-school, reliable tactician who would certainly keep Tottenham in order - whether that's on an interim or more permanent basis. He is not a sexy name though and his arrival at the club would surely push Harry Kane closer to the exit door ahead of the summer - although that now seems likely whatever happens if Conte departs. A viable option permitting Spurs can somehow entice Potter to abandon his blossoming Brighton project. He has everything he needs to succeed on the South Coast and he would quite frankly be inheriting a mess at Tottenham. That said, he is once again clear a manager with a long-term vision and model and that would be enough to satisfy supporters and the club's hierarchy. Prising him away from Brighton could prove to be the difficult part though given the Seagulls' strong stance over the sale of Ben White. The club have shown they're not willing to bow down easily meaning Spurs may have to shell out a bumper release clause. Potter is also a man of dignity and there is every chance he would want to finish the season with Brighton as he looks to secure their highest Premier League finish.