On a visit to Lego Foundation Play Lab in Denmark's capital Copenhagen, where Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge met students training to be early years professionals, she opted to take an enormous slide instead of the stairs. But giggling Kate, 40, nearly had a tumble as she shot out of the mouth of the slide at quite a speed. Beaming in a red blazer, the royal showed her fun side as she threw herself down a slide in her heels. As she emerges at the bottom of the slide, she can be seen raising her hands and letting off a joyous smile. But she appears to shoot out the edge of the slide, almost flying off into a heap on the ground. Despite this, the Duchess manages to regain her balance with a smile and rides the near miss off in style. JUST IN Kate arrives fashionably late to Denmark after ditching private jet for scheduled flight After regaining her balance she then bursts into hysterics at her brush with danger. At the bottom of the slide Kate can be heard telling a reporter "you stood far enough away!". She added: "In the spirit of where I am, I had to do it." The Duchess, who is on a two-day visit to Denmark to learn how the country has spearheaded efforts to give infants a better start in life, she revealed her own children Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 3, were very jealous she was visiting Lego. READ MORE Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed She noted: “My children are very jealous they weren’t coming to see the Lego Foundation. "They were like, ‘hang on, there’s Lego and we’re not coming?’” Kate's hilarious moment was widely praised online as observers praised the Duchess of Cambridge for never being afraid to get stuck in.  While @keelin13 noted: "Duchess Of Cambridge is such a great sport and so down to Earth. "Love her she will be a fantastic Queen one day." The Duchess of Cambridge is representing the Queen on the trip and will meet Denmark’s Queen Margrethe II, who is celebrating her golden jubilee in the same year of Her Majesty’s Platinum jubilee.