On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin declared an attack on Ukraine, with reports of explosions near major cities across the country. The incident was the main topic of discussion during Thursday's Good Morning Britain and saw ITV hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard speak with a number of experts on the show. However, during one segment, Kate sparked outrage among viewers after she made a comment about having some "fun" in the studio, as she went from talking about the war in Ukraine to the new Batman movie. "This is obviously a hugely important story and something we're going to be covering throughout the morning," Kate began. "We do have a little bit of fun. Still ahead, well actually it is something we could do with right now. "Batman, we could do with Batman, couldn't we?" READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? As the studio went dark, the host continued: "We could do with Batman coming in from Gotham City to Good Morning Britain." "Keeping an eye on us from somewhere as well," Ben chipped in. "You never know where he might be," Kate added as a figure dressed as Batman appeared in the studio. "He could be keeping an eye on us and watching over us." "My goodness me, it's the caped crusader," Kate joked as she laughed at the Batman costume. Kate's joke did not go down well with viewers, with many branding it in "bad taste" considering the attack happening in Ukraine. Chris raged: "FFS batman ain't real Kate and to use him as a gimmick for this war that's going on is pretty appalling." (sic) Emma penned: "I find the laughing and joking on @gmb really bad taste considering what has occurred in the night. #gmb #StandWithUkraine." DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [NEWS] While Jonsi tweeted: "Let’s have some fun …. Ghastly Garraway #GMB world war…." (sic) "At war but we still got time for a big fat bearded Batman," user @Badsanta wrote. Terry went on to say: "Switched on #gmb to catch up with the Ukraine crisis...they have some tool dressed as batman. #levels." (sic) Callum said: "On the brink of war and #GMB are discussing Batman."  Ken commented: "Kate Garraway asking some really stupid questions." Elsewhere on the show, Kate and Ben spoke with their GMB co-star Richard Gaisford, who presented the latest reports from Kyiv. The presenter explained the latest big explosion he heard from the city was an hour before his report, as he admitted: "There have been a number of them. "The authorities are saying they believe this area has been targeted by missiles from Russia." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 