ITV soap fans have seen Coronation Street’s Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) be unlucky in love over the past year. She was due to marry Curtis Delamere (Sam Retford) in December last year, but her big day didn’t go according to plan. The bride discovered her groom had been lying to her about his health and got a shock when police arrived at the wedding to arrest him. However, it seems Emma could soon move on from her heartbreak with a new love interest. But, will a fresh romance lead her to leave Weatherfield behind?  Coronation Street recently confirmed actress Alexandra will be leaving the long-running soap, meaning Emma will be departing the cobbles in Spring. However, ITV have yet to reveal how the drama of Emma’s exit storyline will pan out. Alexandra has been working on the soap as barmaid Emma for around four years and has recently been filming some of her final scenes. In a series of images obtained by Mail Online, the actress can be seen working alongside Coronation Street co-star Jordan Ford Silver. READ MORE:Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute Newcomer Jordan plays Emma’s apparent new love interest, Jon Spear, on the soap. The pair were filming scenes in Manchester last week and the photos appear to show the duo getting close. Could this mean Jon will play a role in Emma’s upcoming exit storyline? Having seen his daughter suffer heartbreak in the past, Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) will likely be concerned if Emma decides to leave Coronation Street with a new boyfriend.  Emma’s relationship with Jon is a complicated one as he’s the grandson of Ted - the man she and Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) accidentally ran over before he subsequently died. Filled with guilt, Emma decided to attend Ted’s funeral, which is where she met Jon for the first time. While it looks as though she could be beginning to grow close to Jon, Emma has not yet revealed the truth about the accident. Will she attempt to leave the secret behind in Weatherfield and move away with Jon? DON'T MISS...A Place in The Sun host stunned by buyer’s emotional reaction [WATCH]Frayed's Sarah Kendall details how Princess Diana inspired her outfits [EXCLUSIVE]Janet Street-Porter suggests Queen should retire [MUST SEE] She may be concerned that if she stays in the town, the truth behind Ted’s death could come out. Coronation Street producer Iain MacLeod previously hinted that Ted’s death could lead to Emma’s exit from the soap. "Emma has found herself in a massive pickle – one which will cause her to wave goodbye to the cobbles. At least for now,” he teased to Digital Spy. However, if Emma decides to leave with Jon, Steve will likely be concerned about her jumping into a new relationship so soon after her heartbreak with Curtis. She may attempt to make a swift exit from the cobbles to avoid any intervention from her protective father. Could Emma leave Steve devastated by leaving the street without saying goodbye?    Earlier this month, actress Alexandra spoke out about her departure from the soap on Twitter, sharing a statement with her followers. She wrote: “Playing Emma, on the most iconic street there is, has been the best experience of my life. “Four years has gone so fast. Compared to other cast members, I still feel like a newbie, which makes my decision to leave all the more difficult. “But now is the right time as a number of exciting opportunities beckon. Although who knows, maybe the street hasn’t seen the last of Emma Brooker. “I can’t thank everyone at Coronation Street enough for welcoming me and trusting me to tell so many wonderful heartfelt stories. And of course for the friendships and the amazing fans. “When I see pink, I will always think of Emma,” the soap star added. Her final scenes on the soap are expected to play out at the end of April. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm on ITV. 