James Martin is renowned for his love of butter as he uses the ingredient a lot in his recipes. The TV chef appeared on Monday's This Morning where he showed Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield how to make the perfect scone. However, Phillip was left horrified when James told him to spread butter on his scone before adding any cream and jam. The host branded the celebrity chef's method as "outrageous". Phillip, who grew up in Cornwall, used the traditional Cornish method while preparing his scones. The host put jam on the scone first and then added clotted cream on the top. Whereas, the Devonshire way to eat the sweet treat, is to apply the cream first before adding the jam. Although, James threw tradition out the window when he smothered butter on first. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? "Although you've got butter inside you then take more butter," the chef explained. Clearly horrified at what he was witnessing, Phillip protested: "No, no, no, no! I've never done butter on a scone in my whole life." Ignoring his comment, James continued: "You take butter..." Phillip proceeded to interrupt: "That is outrageous." As James tried to give another example of one of his butter recipes, the host continued: "I am fine with that, but what you are doing there is some sort of strange perversion." "It's delicious, isn't it?" James asked as he continued to spread jam and the cream on his scone. Holly decided to take James' advice and tried a bit of butter with her jam. "I am doing it now for the first time in my whole life," Phillip added. "It's nice but I don't need the butter." "Everybody needs butter in their life," James joked. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville to hand in resignation to follow Florence? [VIDEO] Following the segment, viewers took to social media to share their outrage at James smothering butter on his scone first. Lorna raged: "Ffs you’ve never had butter on a scone ….. these two need to get in the real world." (sic) Sara added: "I don’t like butter at all. James Martin is my worst nightmare." While Katy said: "Seriously, how much butter does @jamesmartinchef go through in a week?" (sic) "#ThisMorning from a Devon lad…NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO," Ed tweeted as he shared a screenshot of James' scone with butter. Ellie penned: "Never tried butter on a scone but wouldn’t say no." Despite the backlash from some viewers, others praised James' recipe with many claiming putting butter on a scone was the only way to eat it. Glenda wrote: "Well done James Martin exactly how to eat a scone. Butter jam and then cream. Yum." Reena said: "I always ask for butter for my cream teas! Just takes it to the next level." While Dave joked: "James Martin would live in a butter castle if he could; he’s obsessed." (sic) This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.