Carol Kirkwood revealed to BBC Breakfast that strong winds are expected across the UK as the country continues to be battered by winds coming in from the Atlantic. She explained the high grounds in Scotland could see 20cm of snow combined with lightning storms, prompting a weather warning from the Met Office. For the rest of the UK, temperatures are expected to teeter around 5C but a bitter wind chill will make the climate feel a lot colder. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, Ms Kirkwood explained Scotland and Northern Ireland have seen heavy snow sweep over the country. But the presenter warned those in the south will see temperatures fall below freezing when the wind chill is taken into consideration She told the programme: “We've seen quite a bit of snow in the last 12 hours in parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland in particular. “As you can see from this weather watcher's picture in Perth and Kinross and it's falling to low levels as well - it's not just hill snow. “That is the only thing I've seen on the radar picture across England and Wales is mostly no snow and we’ve got some rain which the wind has picked up and pushed into the Southeast.  “And it will continue to clear as we go through the rest of the morning. “Leaving behind it some bright skies, some sunshine and also quite a few showers. “Still wintry in the hills, lower levels for most as we go through the day that will retreat back to being sleet or indeed some rain. “But in the higher ground, we still are looking at potentially up to 20 centimetres in Scotland.”  Ms Kirkwood then said most of the country will see windy weather which will make the temperature feel more bitter than what is recorded. She continued: “Windy wherever you are, so in the hills, the snow will be blowing and there will be blizzards as well. “And although it may well say on your thermometer four to eight degrees north to south, when you add on the wind chill, it's going to feel much colder than that. “For many in the north, it will be freezing or indeed even below it.” DON'T MISS: Met Office issues 23 NEW warnings as wintry showers to grip UK [REPORT] Brits brace for 'blizzard conditions' as Met Office issues 2 warnings [INSIGHT] Snow bomb to hit UK this week: Where exactly will see snowfall? [ANALYSIS]  The Met Office is introduced a “snow and lightning” warning in force through Thursday and Friday. A spokesman said: “Temperatures across Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to drop sharply following a squally band of rain on Wednesday, with frequent heavy and blustery snow showers arriving from the Atlantic. “There is a small chance that some of the showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning, which could impact power supplies, including some places outside of the warning area.” 