Cola might be some people’s favourite drink, it can actually be used in the garden for a multitude of purposes. From pest control to compost, there are plenty of uses for the fizzy drink in the garden. Slugs are a major problem for gardeners as they eat the foliage of crops and flowers. They can also make their way into homes, leaving silvery trails across windows, pathways and patios. For those who are looking for a simple, cheap way to oust slugs and snails, cola might be the answer. Similar to beer traps, gardeners need to get shallow bowls and pour cola into them, according to Gardening Know How.com. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda These should be put in places that attract a lot of slugs and snails. The snails will be attracted to the cola and the acid will kill them. Cola can also be used to oust aphids which can make plants turn yellow and wilted. To use the cola to get rid of aphids, the bottle needs to be shaken to release the carbon dioxide, according to All Simple.  DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [UPDATE]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [ANALYSIS] In an empty spray bottle, gardeners need to add a couple of spoonfuls of washing up liquid and some of the cola. Spray the mixture on the pests every few weeks to keep the aphids at bay. The sugar in cola can attract micro-oganisms to compost which helps to break it down. The acids in the drink also help this process. Pour the cola over the pile and leave it to soak in. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The cola can also help to speed up the composting process. The cola drink can also be flat if necessary. Cola is a great cleaning tool for removing rust. Rust can get particularly bad on garden tools like spades, pruners and garden forks. Use a cloth soaked in the beverage to wipe off the rust.  Similar to vinegar, cola has a high acid content which means it can be used as a weed killer. Cola can be poured into cracks on driveways or patios to remove weeds. However, some plants won’t survive the high acidity of cola so be careful where it is poured as the plants will likely die. Cola is acidic which means it’s a surprisingly good cleaner. But it can also be used for acid-loving plants too that need a low soil pH, according to Get Green Be Well.com. Pour a little cola around the base of plants such as azaleas, hydrangeas, bergenias astilbe and foxgloves.