Kat Slater (played by Jessie Wallace) was left heartbroken when Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) split up with her before revealing he was facing a life prison sentence. However, in an unexpected turn of events, Kat and Phil became engaged in EastEnders but will this lead to the Slaters and Mitchells leaving Walford for good? In Thursday’s instalment of the BBC soap, Kat was left fuming when she discovered Phil had forged her signature on documents relating to his assets. She quipped: “Was what we had actually real? Or was you just buttering me up to be the cover for your fronts?” “You know it weren’t like that why can’t you see that this makes sense,” Phil hit back. The dodgy dealing explained he was signing over his assets to give her sons a “future”. “I need you to take this on because there’s security there for you, for the kids and for Raymond,” Phil said. Read more: EastEnders’ Keegan Baker set for exit as Zack Morris quits BBC soap “Don’t throw money at me Phil because I’ll just throw it right back,” Kat fumed. “All of this is making me feel like a gold digger I was with you for you.” Phil remarked: “Trust me if all of this wasn’t happening I would want to be with you forever I just want to make sure you’re sorted. “I know I should have asked you first Kat there’s no one I trust more than you.” “So why did you finish with me?” Kat asked and the dodgy dealer hit back: “Because it ain’t fair on you.” Phil admitted to Kat he still loved her but his impending prison sentence meant he couldn’t act on his feelings. “Me and you haven’t got a future so the sooner I can let you go the sooner you can move on,” he exclaimed. “There is no happy ending for me and you there is no wedding bells.” Kat suggested the pair could get their happy ending after all and get married. The Slater matriarch proposed to the dodgy dealer who happily accepted. DON'T MISSEastEnders exit for Jean Slater and Harvey Monroe? [SPOILER]EastEnders horror as Dotty Cotton is attacked while sleeping rough? [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Gray exposed as Kheerat works with police? [THEORY] However, Phil was paid a visit by DCI Samantha Keeble (Alison Newman) who reminded him he’ll be in a prison cell soon. The detective repeated the offer she had put forward for Phil whereby he would avoid prison if he became a police informant. Phil told Keeble he had no interest in helping the police no matter what the cost. However, now he’s engaged to Kat will he conjure up a plan to avoid prison once and for all? He asked Kat to go on the run once before and although she turned him down the situation is now very different with Phil facing life behind bars. The Slaters come as a package as evident by the family moving in with Phil. Will fans say goodbye to both the Slaters and Phil as they go on the run together? Keeble admitted previously that the deal she was offering was not common knowledge among her colleagues and her superiors would be furious if Phil fled the country while on bail for conspiracy to murder. Will Phil’s exit plan force the detective to instigate a police cover-up? EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.