Katya Adler, the BBC's Europe editor, said on Tuesday that as France holds the rotating EU presidency, Paris will take the lead on EU measures against Moscow. She tweeted: "Brussels insiders say there will be huge pressure from EU and US on any member state that might drag its heels. "Focus today is also on diplomacy. And the what happens next. France holds the rotating EU presidency and is taking the lead. "As for EU heavyweight Germany, the absence of Angela Merkel at the helm - well-versed in international crises - is noted privately in Brussels circles." The comment led some to suggest France would put pressure on Germany to back EU sanctions sparked by the escalating crisis in Ukraine. Any package would have to be endorsed unanimously by the EU's 27 member states. Russia has 150,000 troops near Ukraine's border, according to the US. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said on Wednesday that Russian president Vladimir Putin appears "hell-bent" on invading his neighbour, including potentially an assault on the capital, Kiev. A senior EU diplomat said that a first, limited, round of EU sanctions on Russia is set to take effect by 2pm on Wednesday after foreign ministers agreed in principle on Tuesday to blacklist more politicians and target bond trading. Mr Putin on Monday recognised two separatist enclaves in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine that border Russia in a move which deepened Western fears of a major war in Europe. EU foreign ministers chose not to sanction Mr Putin himself but instead blacklist all members of the lower house of the Russian parliament who voted in favour of the recognition of the breakaway regions, freezing any assets they have in the EU and banning them from travelling to the bloc.  READ MORE ABOUT THE WORLD BEING ON THE BRINK OF WAR Banks involved in financing separatist activities in eastern Ukraine would also be targeted and the two regions could also be removed from a free-trade deal between the EU and Ukraine. As per EU rules, the 27 member states were expected to agree on the sanctions by 10am with a so-called "written procedure" process continuing until 2pm at which time the sanctions will be formally adopted. However, the impact of the new sanctions on banks and on bond trading is likely to be minimal as Western governments opt to keep far larger sanctions packages in reserve should the crisis escalate. Berlin announced on Tuesday it will cancel certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany in what has been seen as a major economic blow to Moscow.  DON'T MISS: The Queen’s usual eating habits exposed [REVEALED] Diane Abbott shut down over undermining attack on Boris Johnson [REPORT] Ukraine crisis: Jeremy Corbyn losing in 2019 was 'lucky escape' [LATEST] Germany is Russia's biggest customer for natural gas. The decision by Chancellor Olaf Scholz on the pipeline - which is built but awaiting approval - was widely seen as one of the strongest measures Europe could take. Mr Scholz had previously appeared ambiguous on the future of Nord Stream 2 which is a series of natural gas pipelines linking Russia and Germany under the Baltic Sea. Hanns Koenig, an energy analyst at Aurora Energy Research said Germany's decision to halt Nord Stream 2 took most by surprise. He added: "Certainly, I think the Russians were taken by surprise. Most analysts expected this card to be pulled out in case of a more dangerous escalation like Russian troops advancing beyond the already separatist Donetsk and Luhansk 'People's Republics'." Ms Adler tweeted that the move was hugely important for Berlin’s allies in the west in view of the current Russia-Ukraine crisis "but energy prices in Germany are a huge concern." A day earlier, the BBC journalist revealed that the absence of former German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, at the helm, who she described as "well-versed in international crises", was being noted privately in Brussels circles. Mr Putin said on Wednesday that Russia was always open to diplomacy but put its own national security interests first and would continue to strengthen its military in the face of what he called a difficult international situation. Speaking in a video statement released to coincide with Russia's annual Defender of the Fatherland Day, Mr Putin did not mention his standoff with the West over Ukraine. Nevertheless, he used the appearance to send a message to the West about his stance over the crisis. He said: "Our country is always open to a direct and honest dialogue and ready to search for diplomatic solutions to the most complicated issues. "But I want to repeat that Russia's interests and the security of our people are unconditional. So, we will continue to strengthen and modernise our army and navy." Russian banks and their ability to operate internationally are chief targets of US, EU and UK sanctions. Britain has imposed sanctions on Gennady Timchenko and two other billionaires with close links to the Russian president as well as on five banks: Rossiya, IS Bank, GenBank, Promsvyazbank and the Black Sea Bank. The lenders are relatively small and only military bank Promsvyazbank is on the Russian central bank's list of systemically important credit institutions. Washington deployed its most powerful sanctioning tool by placing Russian elites and two banks on the Specially Designated Nationals list. This effectively kicks them out of the US banking system, bans them from trading with Americans and freezes their assets in the US. President Joe Biden said the sanctions in the initial tranche applied to VEB bank and Promsvyazbank, which does defence deals.