Shingles, which is also known as “herpes zoster”, is a viral infection that causes a painful rash. It is a reactivation of the varicella-zoster virus that causes chickenpox. In people who have already contracted it, the virus lies inactive inside the nerve tissue close to the brain and the spinal cord. It might reappear years later as shingles. This viral infection can occur anywhere on the body, but it most often develops around one side of the torso. In some rare cases, shingles might appear on the penis. The condition is not life-threatening, but it can be painful. Symptoms may include pain, burning, numbness, and tingling, as well as a red rash fluid-filled blisters, and itching. READ MORE: Bruce Springsteen: 'I don’t know if I can live like this' - star's mental health battle Other less common symptoms include fever, headache, sensitivity to light, and fatigue. However, pain on a small section of the body is usually the very first sign of shingles. Once the dormant virus becomes reactivated, it travels down a nerve until it reaches the skin. The part of the body where shingles occur depends on which nerve the virus moves. Research suggests that when herpes zoster develops on the penis, the virus travels through the S2, S3, and S4 nerves. These nerves are linked to the skin on the scrotum, the buttocks, the back of the legs, and the genital area. A 2020 case report on penile shingles noted that initial symptoms may include burning and itching of the glans, followed by red blisters and sharp pain in the shaft of the penis. Another report observed that shingles occurred with a lack of pain, but there was numbness of the penis, difficult or painful urination, inflamed bladder constipation, and frequent urination. Paracetamol could help ease the pain of shingles on the penis. However, any antibiotic cream should be avoided, as it will slow down the healing process. Keeping the rash clean and dry also helps reduce the risk of infection. While plasters sticks and dressings could make the infection worse.