There are reports of intermittent power in the capital after supplies "were cut" by Russia across the country. Sky News captured the moment that the "lights went out" in Kiev. It follows a bombing campaign that saw the Luhansk power plant hit – wiping out heat and power in Schastia and Vrubivka. There are also reports of a "power blackout" in the Donetsk region. Ukraine performed a similar move in 2014, when Crimea's power, water and food supplies were all targeted. Now, the Russian President has "come full circle" to attack Kiev, according to a local source. Real-time network data is also showing disruptions to internet connectivity across the country. It comes following a massive cyberattack on the Ukrainian government. Various websites came under a cyber attack from hackers, with some evidence pointing to Russia. Among these websites are that of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Cabinet of Ministers and the Ukrainian parliament, according to reports from Klymenko Time Anastasiia Lapatina, a journalist in Ukraine, tweeted: "Ukraine is likely under another cyber attack. "Also – the parliament’s chairman Ruslan Stefanchuk said an hour ago that there were numerous attempts to break into his and his family’s email accounts, and block their bank cards, among “other” cyber attacks. "The attempt to login into his email was from Russia." US intelligence warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin was gearing up for war. Speaking to Newsweek, a US official said yesterday: "The President of Ukraine has been warned Russia will highly likely begin an invasion within 48 hours based on U.S. intelligence." "Additionally, reporting from aircraft observers indicates Russia violated Ukrainian airspace earlier today, flying possible reconnaissance aircraft for a short period over Ukraine." In a televised speech overnight, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced h was launching a “special military operation” in Ukraine. Within minutes, multiple explosions were heard in Kiev. Politico reports that there were also reports of blasts in major cities across the country – in Kharkiv in the north-east, in Kramatorsk in the east, in Mariupol in the south-east, in Odesa in the south, and others Ukraine’s interior ministry said they were “missile strikes" and the government said Russia had launched a “full-scale invasion of Ukraine".