International travel has become a lot easier than it was two years ago for most Britons. While many countries still have some level of Covid restrictions - such as requiring tests or vaccinations - four countries worldwide have no entry requirements for Britons. Which countries are they?  After two years of rolling lockdowns, variants and travel bans, many countries across the globe have relaxed travel restrictions in order to encourage tourism and travel. As many people globally are able to get vaccinated, countries have been able to relax restrictions at their borders without fear of encouraging another surge of infections. While most countries have enforced separate travel restrictions for people who are unvaccinated - such as providing negative tests, or quarantining upon arrival - a total of four countries worldwide have scrapped restrictions altogether. These countries currently have no restrictions for British tourists entering the country, but don’t forget with coronavirus there is always a risk of last-minute changes, so make sure you’ve considered this before committing to a holiday.` Which countries in the world have been the first to scrap all coronavirus restrictions?  READ MORE: Spanish towns with the most British residents named The closest country to the UK to have scrapped restrictions for travellers from the UK, Norway has no Covid requirements for travellers. Vaccinated and unvaccinated Britons are welcome. British tourists can travel to Norway without a visa for up to 90 days. The only exception is for entry to Svalbard, the Norwegian territory known as the Northernmost town on the planet.  Svalbard is around a three-hour flight away from Norway. If you wish to travel up to Svalbard, you will need to take proof of a negative Covid test and take another Covid test upon arrival. No matter their vaccination status, there aren’t restrictions on British travellers arriving in Mexico. Travellers just need to register on Mexico Vuela Seguro Platform and fill out a health questionnaire to determine previous destinations they’ve travelled in the last few weeks, and whether they have any coronavirus symptoms. DON'T MISS:Expats: Best country for 'happy long-lived retirement' named  [UPDATE]Madeira earthquake: Panic as holiday hotspot rocked [REACTION]Potential Wales tourist tax would be ‘catastrophic’ [ANALYSIS]  This health questionnaire then provides you with a QR code which will be scanned on arrival. Some medical checks may be made after your arrival in Mexico, but it is not a requirement. Travellers from the UK can enter Costa Rica without restrictions. However, you will need to show you have a return flight booked, and if you are unvaccinated, you'll need to show you have travel insurance in case of contracting Covid in Costa Rica. You will still need to wear a face mask on public transport in Costa Rica, however. You can enter El Salvador without having to show a recent coronavirus test or proof of vaccination. British travellers can stay in El Salvador for up to 90 days without needing a visa.