Emma Raducanu has been forced out of a second WTA event in Mexico next week with the leg injury she suffered in Guadalajara it has been announced. The US Open champion pulled out of her first-round marathon with Aussie Daria Saville after taking a medical timeout and getting her upper left leg strapped. The longest match on the WTA Tour this year lasted three hours and 36 minutes. Now the British No 12 has revealed she suffered a “small left leg injury” which will stop her playing in Monterrey next week. It is not yet clear if the injury will stop the world No 12 playing in the Masters events in Indian Wells and Miami next month. JUST IN: Andy Murray former coach compares him to new young charge as Brit struggles to find mentor Raducanu told the website for the Abierto GNP Seguros 2022: “Sorry to go out this way, I was loving Mexico and excited to see you in Monterrey. “However, due to the small left leg injury sustained during my last match we decided it was best to postpone my return to competition in order to recover as well as possible.” The Bromley teenager has won only three matches in six WTA events since her New York triumph and she was hoping the Mexico trip would give her a chance to get back to winning ways. She lost in the second round of the Australian Open last month after suffering a blister on her racquet hand. Raducanu, meanwhile, has been tipped to become a consistent top-five ranked player despite her continued struggles with injury. Speaking about the Brit, former Wimbledon champion Richard Krajicek told Tennis365: “I think she is going to be a consistent top five player, a consistent Grand Slam semi-finalist, maybe win a few more. “She has so many years ahead of her and I think it will take a bit of time to settle down, but once she gets going again and I think she wants to be a top five player, become No 1 win a Grand Slam. “Of course, this might not happen, but she has achieved something amazing. There I speak from experience. I won one Grand Slam and maybe I had chances to win more, but even when you are 50-years-old like me, it is great to have won a Grand Slam. “She showed also at Wimbledon last year that she is going to have this kind of result or close to it in the near future, so I think this is very good for the popularity of the game.”