Before Princess Eugenie moved out to live with her husband Jack Brooksbank in Frogmore Cottage, she and Princess Beatrice lived together at St James's Palace in London, where Beatrice still resides. The sisters shared the four-bedroom apartment for several years, and while they were originally living there rent-free, in 2012 it was decided that they would be required to pay for their living quarters. Prince Andrew reportedly footed the bill of approximately £20,000 per year.  That is approximately £1,600 per month which is relatively modest for a royal residence with multiple bedrooms spread across four floors. London estate agents Savills estimated an average property in the St James' area of London would typically cost between £100,000 and £150,000 per year to rent. The Princesses had to begin paying for their accommodation due to the fact they were not full-time working members of the Royal Family. What is it like inside St James’ Palace? St James’ Palace is one of the many residences owned by the Royal Family and it is based in the City of Westminster in London.  READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows The property has always been the home of significant figures and was built largely between 1531 and 1536 by Henry VIII. Although it is no longer the principal residence of the monarch, the property is the most senior royal palace in the country and home to Princess Beatrice and Princess Anne. First built with red brick, most of the original architecture of the palace still remains. Inside the complex, the palace has York House, where Prince Charles used to live with Prince William and Prince Harry.  There is also Lancaster House, which is used by the Government for official receptions. The palace also has its own chapel, Chapel Royal, which is still used for various functions by the royals. Prince William and Kate Middleton's son Prince George was christened there in October 2013. Up until a couple of years ago, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie shared an apartment in the palace together.  Princess Beatrice still resides in St James' Palace with her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, and their baby Sienna who was born on September 18, this year. St James’ is the chosen venue for up to 100 receptions each year for different charities associated with the royals. Snaps taken inside an event revealed the palace has a burgundy red patterned carpet and matching curtains which were tied open by gold strings. The spacious reception room had large white doors which were finished off by gold borders around the side. The wallpaper was burgundy on the top half above a gold border and there was white and gold detailing on the wall below.  The room also had paintings on the walls, large windows and mirrors and grand chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. Another picture showed a room with similar decor which was completed by a large table in the middle with a red tablecloth. The engagement photo of Kate and Prince William back in November 2010 showed a similar theme. The couple were walking in a hallway with red, patterned wallpaper, gold panelling and gold and red furniture. 