Glass shower doors and screens can be plagued by marks and streaks, no matter how often you seem to clean them. However, according to users in a Reddit forum dedicated to cleaning hacks, there is one simple move that is said to make "a world of difference". Although you should clean your shower door for hygiene purposes, you might find it needs to be scrubbed even more frequently for aesthetic reasons. Watermarks happen as a result of minerals in the water, such as lime, calcium and silica. In areas of hard water, you may find watermarks occur more frequently or are more visible. As the water drives, this leaves deposits on the glass. READ MORE: Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step Hair products and body wash used in the shower can also cause your door to mark. However, according to Reddit users, there is a simple product that could be your best friend. Several commenters recommended investing in a squeegee, which in many cases is fairly affordable. Squeegees can be purchased from the likes of B&Q and Wilko for less than £2. DON'T MISSAldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [DEAL]Shower door cleaning hack: The 'smart' way to keep glass clean [COMMMENT]Inside Princess Anne's 700-acre 'normal everyday house' Gatcombe Park [REVEALED] Posting under the user name Collin_1234, one user advised using the product "after every shower". They wrote: "Ours were a disaster and starting that made a world of a difference. "Once you get them clean they will stay clean." A second user, GTI54Gal added: "You squeegee them every shower, in my house, it’s the last person who takes a shower that’s their job. No exceptions." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For the best results, MerryMaids.com advises employing a special technique used by professional cleaners. This is called the “swivel” or “fan” method. Simply swivel the squeegee as you move it down the window, to ensure it leaves no streaks. However, horizontal or vertical strokes can be just as effective for a squeegee novice. MerryMaids also recommends spraying down your glass door with diluted vinegar after squeegeeing to allow for a longer stretch of time between cleanings.