Lewis Hamilton has opened up on what he does at Mercedes after every race which he fails to win with the 37-year-old eager to get going again for the 2022 season. Last season saw Hamilton given his biggest test in the Drivers' Championship since Nico Rosberg's title in 2016. Red Bull had finally given Max Verstappen a car capable of challenging at the front on a regular basis and it led to some fascinating duels with Hamilton. The two championship contenders even collided on more than one occasion with emotions running high at every race weekend. The season finale in Abu Dhabi left a sour taste in the mouth of many F1 fans and particularly those associated with Mercedes after Hamilton had led for the majority of the race. Question marks were raised in the aftermath of Verstappen's title on whether Hamilton would return to the sport for the 2022 season. JUST IN: Max Verstappen grimaces as he's put through his paces by Red Bull  The British racing superstar has since put that speculation to bed with a new vigour to return with a bang. Mercedes will be hoping the W13 is up to the test given new regulations being brought in this season. But they know that Red Bull, as well as Ferrari and McLaren among others, will be aiming to keep Hamilton at bay. Having a target on his back has never appeared to deter Hamilton though, on the contrary he seems to thrive under the pressure. DON'T MISS  And the seven-time world champion has admitted that his race losses to Verstappen have "fueled the fire" for the new season. Talking in general about how he reacts to race losses, Hamilton explained his mindset and how he goes about trying to improve every race. "The losses really feed the spirit and fuel the fire," he told CrowdStrike's YouTube channel. "I take my last race as a massive loss. "Even though in the big scheme of things, it's miniscule, that has fed me. "I was up on Monday powering through this run focusing on my stretching, making sure that I'm gonna be the best I can be in this best race. "I'm communicating with James [Allison, Mercedes technical director] and Bono [Peter Bonnington, race engineer] - 'Hey guys, I'm sorry about last weekend. How can we be better? How can I help be better. How can we be a more tight unit in the next race so we kill it?' "There's so many positives that come from it so that hate of losing continues to fuel you."