Speaking on his LBC show on Saturday Mr Pierce branded Vladimir Putin a "gangster" who "doesn't give a hoot" about Russian people and that rules simply do not apply to him. In his obliterating tirade, Mr Pierce said there was no negotiating with the Kremlin and that Putin is the sole decision-maker in Russia. The comments follow a dawn invasion of Ukraine on Thursday which has sent hundreds of thousands fleeing for their lives, with thousands volunteering to defend their country from a Russian takeover. "I don't think you can negotiate with Putin, I don't think the usual rules of engagement or diplomacy apply to him, he's a gangster. "He's a former KGB agent, officer, assassin, he's cold, he's cruel, he's brutal, he's ruthless." Mr Pierce also slammed Putin for having "never come to terms with the collapse of the Soviet Union" as he tore into the unhinged despot. He went on to say Ukraine was "the jewel in the crown" as far as the Russian premier is concerned and "he's desperate to prise it back". JUST IN Horror thermobaric missiles filmed on move in Russia in alarming footage - VIDEO  Mr Pierce suggested he wants Ukraine's "national pride - his pride" as he questioned motived behind the invasion. The LBC host added: "He doesn't give a hoot about Russian people, he's not a democrat, he's totalitarian!" He added how the despot fixes the elections, and "lies through his teeth" as he reeled off the characteristics of Putin. He concluded: "We send all these politicians to talk to Lavrov the foreign minister, who even looks like a thug, what's the point? READ MORE: Ukrainians lie down in front of Russian tanks in astonishing defence against invasion “Because he has no power whatsoever, it's all down to Putin." A full-scale invasion by Russia from land, sea, and air rocked Ukraine on Thursday morning after weeks of Russian troop build up's along the country's borders. Heavy bombardments have rained down on Kyiv and the country's second-largest city of Kharkiv, alongside other locations since the invasion. Following the aerial bombardments, troops poured in from the north, east, and south as the scale of the attack was realised. DON'T MISS'Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia [ANALYSIS]London mum's heartbreak as son fears for dad trapped in Ukraine [REPORT]The fearsome woman who sends shivers down Putin's spine [INSIGHT] But Ukrainian troops fought back and said they had inflicted heavy casualties on the Russians. On Friday Ukraine's Government said over 18,000 guns had been handed to civilians as they remove an age limit to call on anyone of any age to come forward and take up arms to defend Ukraine from the Russian onslaught. Reports from Saturday suggest heavy resistance being thrown up by both the Ukrainian army and volunteers who have put themselves forward to defend their country.