Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has shown Arsenal what they're missing after netting a memorable hat-trick on his first start for his new club Barcelona. The former Arsenal captain, who was shown the door in January by Mikel Arteta after losing the captaincy, has found his love for the game once again in Spain after completing a deadline day transfer. Aubameyang was signed as part of a January overhaul from Barcelona boss Xavi, who also landed Premier League stars Ferran Torres and Adama Traore from Manchester City and Wolves, respectively. Now Barca are beginning to look like a different side after recently beating Atletico Madrid 4-2 at Camp Nou. Their four-game unbeaten run continued this afternoon with a resounding 4-1 win at Valencia in La Liga. Barcelona look sharp from the get-go and opened the scoring when Aubameyang broke free down the right, firing into the top corner at the near post. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation Frenkie de Jong then added a second as Xavi's men looked to kill the game before half-time. Things would get even better though for Aubameyang, who could barely believe his luck when the ball was played to him across the face of goal for a tap-in. Carlos Soler then pulled one back for Valencia before Barcelona sealed all three points through a freak effort. Youngster Pedri let fly from range but the strike appeared to deflect off Aubameyang's back, leaving Valencia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili with no chance. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesBarcelona star Ferran Torres consoled after breaking down in tears after Napoli drawArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation La Liga's dubious goals panel have since awarded Aubameyang the goal, meaning it was a hat-trick for the Gabon international on his first start in his new colours. The 32-year-old last hit a treble in August in the Carabao Cup against West Brom at The Hawthorns, while Barcelona have not scored a hat-trick since Lionel Messi's in February 2020 against Eibar. While Arsenal have coped admirably since Aubameyang was cast aside by Arteta - the striker's performance was a timely reminder of his star quality in front of goal. Arsenal appeared quick to dispose of their former skipper and Arteta refused to offer him a fresh start - instead forcing him out of the door. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet for all the Gunners' good work in recent weeks, Aubameyang would still provide them with a persistent goal threat that their current squad is lacking. He scored a wide range of goals - from the sublime to fortunate - at the Mestalla, a hallmark of a top-class centre-forward. For that reason, his move to Barcelona already looks like a stellar piece of business from the Catalan giants, who have signed a prolific, experienced frontman on a free transfer. Arsenal are prepared to wait until the summer to go big on a new No 9 but come what May, they could live to regret losing Aubameyang's goals - although admittedly, his strike rate this season was questionable in north London.