People can check to see if they can claim a discount automatically by entering their local council details on the GOV.UK website. Even if someone is not automatically receiving a reduction on their bill, they may still be able to claim one. While discounts are applicable to different groups of people, the Council Tax Reduction (CTR) is reserved solely for those on low incomes. If an adult is the only eligible taxpayer living in their home or household, they can get a 25 percent discount on their council tax bill. When it comes to tax, some people are not counted when determining how many people live in a property. These individuals are known as “disregarded people” and include students, diplomats, apprentices and carers. However, if everyone in the household comes under the “disregarded people” banner, the property will receive a 50 percent discount. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Some adults may be eligible for a second adult rebate if the person they live with is on low income and gets benefits. If one or more adults are in receipt of benefits, the rebate is applied and the households get a 25 percent discount on their council tax bill. Councils are able to apply varying discounts on second properties if the owners do not live in them. This is applied if the house is unsafe to live in or it is connected to the main home. Holiday homes will still be charged council tax.  Someone’s bill might be reduced if they have proof they live with someone who is disabled. This proof includes having an extra bathroom or kitchen to facilitate the needs of the disabled person or enough space for them to use their wheelchair. Furthermore, the council will charge the rate for a lower council tax band instead when this discount is applied. For example, if the property is in band D, the council tax bill will be worked out as if it were in band C. Anyone who believes they are entitled to a council tax discount should apply for one as soon as possible, according to Citizens Advice. But, if one is applied accidentally, action must be taken. On its website, the debt advice group stated: “If your bill shows that your local council has applied a discount and you think you shouldn’t have had one, you must tell your local council within 21 days. If you don’t, your local council might send you a £70 penalty.” Those who are on a low income may be able to apply for council tax reduction if they are on benefits. Local councils will ask applicants for the reduction questions about their income and circumstances to work out if they are eligible for the CTR. After this has been done, the council will determine the taxpayer’s new bill and let them know how much council tax they will need to pay. Anyone who is living with other people over the age 18 should remember that even though everyone in the household may have council tax obligations, only one person can apply for a council tax reduction. Reductions will not be awarded in a similar way as benefit payments, instead the council will reduce the amount of tax someone will need to pay from their bill. If someone is of working age, the council can make its own rules as to who is eligible for a tax reduction. Comparatively, if someone has reached state pension age, the council will need to calculate the person’s income to see how much CTR they will require.