Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret shared a special connection throughout 1964. After meeting on the set of Viva Las Vegas, they spent almost every hour of every day with one another. Ann-Margret has since described her relationship with the King as an "unbridled force" that could not be stopped. But eventually, it did. After just over a year of being together, Elvis' long-term girlfriend, Priscilla Presley, found out about his secret relationship with Ann-Margret. Priscilla was obviously furious, and Elvis ended the tryst soon after. Before long, the pair cut off contact with one another. But in December 1972 - just under four years before Elvis' untimely death - Elvis and Ann-Margret were reunited one last time after her show. Ann-Margret performed a regular residency slot in Las Vegas in the 1970s. Elvis attended one of these shows before going to a star-studded after-party at the Las Vegas Hilton, where they chatted about old times. But later that night, once the star was alone, Ann-Margret received a phone call in her bedroom. It was Elvis. After seeing her for the first time in years he wanted to speak to her privately. Ann-Margret recalled the event in her memoir, My Story. READ MORE: Elvis Presley Ann-Margret affair: 'It was a force we couldn't control' Ann-Margret wrote: "Elvis told me how great it had been seeing me earlier." But, there seemed to be a dark edge to the King's call. He told Ann-Margret how "lonely" he was and just wanted to see her. Eventually, he asked Ann-Margret one of the toughest questions she ever had to hear. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley Ann-Margret affair: 'It was a force we couldn't control' [NEWS]Elvis Presley's dogs: The King 'leased a jet to save his dying puppy' [INSIGHT]Elvis Presley married Priscilla then confessed love to Ann-Margret [INFO] Ann-Margret revealed: "He asked if he could see me. It was a question I’d anticipated since [that] afternoon but hoped that he wouldn’t really ask." The Swedish-American star's trepidations likely came from the fact that she was married. She got hitched to American producer Roger Smith on May 8, 1967 - exactly one week after Elvis married Priscilla. Ann-Margret finally responded: "You know I can’t." Elvis then heartbreakingly opened up to the star. Elvis told her he understood why he couldn't see her, before adding: "I know, but I just want you to know that I still feel the same." The King's comments about being lonely were likely made after his wife, Priscilla, had moved out of Graceland to a two-bedroom apartment earlier that year. Months later, on October 9, 1973, his divorce from Priscilla would be finalised. On August 16, 1977, Elvis was found dead in Graceland. SOURCE / SOURCE