Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Virgo, the sixth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Virgin. Although some of Virgo’s personality traits are well-known, such as their tendency towards perfectionism, their ways of showing love towards others are lesser known. The Virgin sign finds it hard to find love as Virgos don’t always trust people, but when they do like someone, they give it their all. Horoscope.com said: “Once Virgos give their heart, they give everything. “They expect absolute honesty and give the same in return. A Virgo truly believes that partnership means ‘what’s mine is yours’, and this sign elevates a partnership above all else. “Because Virgos believe in lifelong love, a breakup or betrayal can be particularly devastating.” READ MORE: Prince Harry is ‘showing off new life’ to Eugenie - here’s how The month is not over yet and astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Virgos. Today, the astrologists have warned those born under the Virgin that despite what – or how – they are feeling now, “the best is most definitely still to come”. Horoscope.com continued: “You may not be feeling particularly passionate, and yet could be very surprised to discover just how much a certain atmosphere affects you and creates intense emotional currents. “The planetary alignment of the day may bring some surprising elements into your relationship today, so be prepared for anything. DON'T MISS: Michael Mosley’s diet to achieve ‘rapid weight loss and burn fat’ [EXPERT]McDonald’s forced to remove Chicken Big Mac from menu - here's why [NEWS]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] “The best is most definitely still to come, and you can make it even better by using your imagination.” Looking at the year ahead, August is looking like an exciting month for Virgos. The astrology experts said: “By the time romantic Venus reaches fiery, exciting Leo in mid-August, you’ll be ready to turn up the heat with someone who is impossible to ignore. “The flashy energy surrounding this transit makes you more outgoing and spontaneous as well, and making the first move could result in a fabulous night or a long-term thing. “Not knowing the outcome makes it even more electric.” It is still only the beginning of the year and, like for every star sign, 2022 is an opportunity for Virgo to turn over a new leaf. Horoscope.com said: “This is your year to surpass the goals you set for yourself last year, Virgo. “It helps to know that Mercury, your fast-moving home planet, makes you naturally quick and alert, so you easily make the transition from sign to sign and adapt accordingly. “You keep your eye on your goals through every phase and work to meet or exceed them at every turn.” Virgo’s top love matches are Taurus, Cancer, and Capricorn. Of the love match between Virgo and Taurus, Horoscope.com said: “Two earth signs, Taurus and Virgo innately get each other, and they believe that drama takes away from partnership. “These two signs are happy to swap social media passwords – each knows that the other has nothing to hide.”