 BBC Breakfast hosts Victoria Derbyshire and Ben Thompson welcomed Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood onto the programme on Sunday morning. The politician discussed the ongoing situation in Ukraine following Russia’s invasion. However, while discussing further sanctions the West could impose on Russia in response, Derbyshire questioned Ellwood’s suggestions.   Ellwood insisted there were more deterrents Western nations could put in place to stop Russia. Considering what actions have been taken so far, the Conservative MP suggested imposing a no fly zone over part of Ukraine. Ellwood questioned: “How many people do we need to watch die on our TV screens before we ourselves lean into this and put in a humanitarian no fly zone in the west of the country? “We need to start standing up to Putin. We need to start to isolate him. READ MORE: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in exit twist?    “I continue to say that our biggest asset is NATO, the most formidable military alliance in the world, and we need to look cleverly at how we can utilise this military deterrent,” he said. Derbyshire asked: “When you say a no fly zone in the west, a ‘humanitarian no fly zone’ you said, would that be led by NATO? “Is that what you’re suggesting or not?” The presenter questioned. “It has to be led by NATO. It must be because…,” Ellwood began, before being interrupted by Derbyshire.   “But then isn’t that a provocative action to Russia?” She asked. Ellwood replied: “Well, this is the big question that we ask ourselves. "Is it provocative to actually come in and defend a country that’s requesting support? “This is a European nation, a democracy that’s been calling for help for months and months, and months, and now has been invaded. DON'T MISS...Ant and Dec address Ukraine invasion on Saturday Night Takeaway [MUST SEE]‘Bitter pill’ Downton Abbey star details challenging experience [EXCLUSIVE]Sally Nugent details ‘intense’ BBC Breakfast job interview [INSIGHT]  “So, do we simply say ‘We cannot help you because the bully that you’re involved with, that’s taken over your country, is too big for us to contend or we don’t have the resolve to stand up to it’? “If we don’t stand up now, today, where does this all go? If Putin is successful in Ukraine it won’t end in East Europe,” he insisted. “This is a turning point in our history,” Ellwood added. Derbyshire responded: “On this programme yesterday the Armed Forces Minister said Nato isn’t going to instigate a no fly zone over Ukraine because if a Russian aircraft goes through that space and is shot down then NATO is at war with Russia.” However, Ellwood hit back: “That simplifies the situation.”   The Conservative politician continued: “We need to start controlling this agenda. “We need to start showing the Russian people that Putin is taking his country to a place they don’t want to go. “So, every day there should be another initiative on a soft power as well as hard power perspective that actually further isolates Putin,” he added. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 