Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo has been warned of the reception he will receive from the Atletico Madrid fans in Wednesday's clash in Spain. United visit the Wanda Metropolitano in the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie. Ronaldo is likely to lead the line for the Red Devils after playing a huge part in getting them through the group stage earlier this season. There are few opponents Ronaldo knows better than Atletico. He has played against, and beaten, the La Liga side more than any other team in his illustrious career. Atletico would have understandably been sick of the sight of him during his nine-year spell at rivals Real Madrid, and glad when he left to join Juventus in 2018. But in his first campaign at Juve, Ronaldo scored a hat-trick to knock Atletico out of the Champions League at the quarter-final stage. JUST IN: Ralf Rangnick has already suggested exciting Paul Pogba replacement to Man Utd board  He is set to return to the Wanda Metropolitano tonight in the hope of keeping United's trophy chances alive this season. El Mundo reporter Inako Diaz-Guerra says Ronaldo will receive a hostile reception throughout the match. He claims Atletico fans respect the forward but that it is "impossible" for them to like him. Diaz-Guerra told the United website: "The most antipathy Atleti fans felt has been towards Ronaldo and Sergio Ramos but even more towards Cristiano because Ramos plays for Spain and helped them win the World Cup and European Championship. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he made one big mistake during Lille win [INTERVIEW]Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer - 'It would work' [QUOTES]Man Utd expected XI vs Atletico Madrid as Ralf Rangnick eyes four changes [TEAM NEWS]  "I don't think you could find an Atletico fan who likes Cristiano. There is respect there. "He is admired for his talent but, for Atletico's fans, it's impossible to like him." United interim boss Ralf Rangnick hopes Ronaldo can thrive in the atmosphere. But the German admits it can't just be about the 37-year-old and says his whole side must perform to return a positive result.  Rangnick said: “We will see. Again, he’s got enough experience. He’s used to this sort of hostile atmosphere in his career so it shouldn’t impress him a lot. “For us, it’s about how we perform as a team. He cannot do it on his own. "We have to perform on a high level as a team, like we did against Leeds, knowing the quality of Atletico is high.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here