The Ukrainians appear absolutely determined to fight tooth and nail with the considerable weaponry they have been given and plenty of reserve ammunition. and from prepared defensive positions, with the Russians forced to march unprotected into them. Years ago it would still have been a walkover, albeit a bloody one. But technology changed things. it is no longer feasible to keep the Russian people in the dark about their true losses. The internet is ubiquitous ‑ they all tap into it. Stalin could do it, Putin cannot. Moreover, in the Second World War, the Russians were defending their beloved homeland against the nazis, now they know they are the aggressors. Savage losses could cause a backlash ‑ against the megalomaniac leading them into this. increasingly, the view prevails in our corridors of power that Putin will start with a phoney attack on a Russian outpost, apparently by Ukrainians. But that will not work. Cameras in space watch and record every last detail. So nothing ‑ even a Russian attack ‑ is a foregone conclusion. But even this stage need never have been reached if the West had not stupidly reduced its freedom from Moscow by neglecting our in-house sources of energy to become dependent on Russian gas and oil to keep our lights on and radiators warm in midwinter. Pressure is slowly building on our witless politicians to reverse the fracking ban and give us access to the ocean of shale oil and gas beneath our feet. Two English counties alone sit above enough shale gas to power us for 50 years. But the usual defeatists wail there are dangers of tremors if we drill, and all this despite the US example showing almost limitless energy and just a few minor tremors caused by mining. The US has turned itself from a massive importer of energy into a net exporter. The savings from imports alone have caused its economy to boom ‑ nothing to do with trembling Biden. But we have our own tremblers in Downing Street and they still prevail. On the subject of trembling and much as I suspected, Sweden has now been fully vindicated in refusing to listen to its equivalent of Sage and plunge its economy into lockdown the year before last and through 2021. None of the forecast disasters occurred to them. We too could have avoided the horror of millions of delayed or cancelled NHS treatments and the as-yet-uncalculated extra deaths they caused. So I abide by my judgment that the bungled handling of Covid, when the final cost is totalled, will prove to have done our country more damage than the Luftwaffe’s bombs ever did. It may be lovely being the head honcho of a large organisation, but the buck really does stop there... as Dame Cressida Dick has just discovered. In her case, that buck was double-sized in that she had a self-serving overlord, the useless Sadiq Khan, mayor of London, who put the boot in as fast as he could. As far back as the mistaken shooting of Brazilian Jean Charles de Menezes ‑ killed by police when Dick was on duty as Gold Commander ‑ the Met has been riven with failures and scandals. It could not go on. But for Khan to jubilate was obscene. He has failed in everything he has touched so our capital, once amongst the finest in Europe, is a logjam-riddled mess. He, alas, has more than two years left to run. If anythIng has saved Boris Johnson from a successful putsch to topple him it has been this: there is simply no viable successor waiting in the wings. Except, maybe there is. Lord Frost is seldom known by his first name David thanks to sharing it with the late TV star, but his record is remarkable. What he was tasked to do ‑ negotiate Brexit from a theory to a reality ‑ succeeded completely. That alone marked him out as being rare as hen’s teeth. Then he walked out on an issue of principle ‑ remember them? he disapproved of unnecessary lockdowns ‑ and was quite right. If the Tory Party wants to save itself from the disenchantment millions of once-Tory voters feel about the current Downing Street cabal, he should be brought back in and groomed for successorship. He still believes in the tory creed ‑ small government, low taxes, minimal bureaucracy, incentives for prosperity and support for commerce and industry. If he could help make those a reality, he could be our next man. There are times when you just blink in disbelief at the latest antics of the increasingly loony “wokeists”. Just when you think their thought processes cannot get any more barmy they prove you wrong.For some time, these idiots have been determined to warn us of mental dangers that may ensue from activities regarded as harmless by generations before us. One of these is alerts that certain TV programmes could cause mental health “issues” to the very sensitive. The latest, for heaven’s sake, is Dad’s army. I have watched and re-watched this hilarious comedy for years and somehow have managed to avoid a nervous breakdown. I think we all have. Isn’t there a nice quiet hospital available for these wokeists? They really need to be led away somewhere to recover.  There are times when you just blink in disbelief at the latest antics of the increasingly loony “wokeists”. Just when you think their thought processes cannot get any more barmy they prove you wrong.For some time, these idiots have been determined to warn us of mental dangers that may ensue from activities regarded as harmless by generations before us. One of these is alerts that certain TV programmes could cause mental health “issues” to the very sensitive. The latest, for heaven’s sake, is Dad’s army. I have watched and re-watched this hilarious comedy for years and somehow have managed to avoid a nervous breakdown. I think we all have. Isn’t there a nice quiet hospital available for these wokeists? They really need to be led away somewhere to recover. I doubt if more than one reader per hundred has heard of air Vice Marshal Erik Bennett. Yet as the almost-lifelong friend and adviser of Oman's Sultan Qaboos, he helped fashion one of Britain’s most extraordinary success stories in foreign parts. When young Qaboos in 1970 toppled his tyrannical father he took one of the Arab world’s most dangerous thrones. to the east across the Strait of Hormuz lies extremist Iran. to the west, Yemen was in civil war (and still is). Communist Dhofari rebels were at war with the Omani government. In 1974, AVM Bennett was drafted in to begin a brilliant second career. He created the Omani air force, which devastated the Dhofaris in their mountain hideouts. His bond of friendship and trust with Qaboos lasted a generation as Oman became a rock of pro-British moderation and democracy. He has just died in Oman aged 95. Probably the last of our great Arabists. A hitherto overlooked scandal growing out of all acceptability is the steady pollution of our streams and rivers with raw sewage. This is not being accomplished by vandals Arabists the riverine equivalent of fly-tippers who be-foul our roads and verges. Those responsible are the very government-supported water companies who are supposed to keep them clean and pure. As with so much in this country today, there are bodies of bureaucrats supposed to monitor and check, but who seemingly do absolutely damn-all Arabists so no change there then. Once beautiful trout streams are becoming unfishable and the only thing more frequent than the effluent is the excuses. The problem needs the imposition by government of a human dynamo with absolute powers to strike the responsible bodies with the wrath of God. We have done it before ‑ the right person with the right powers and full backing from the top. Now we urgently need another one to mastermind the clean-up of our beautiful rivers and streams. The word in the English language I dislike most is “bleak”. It’s only five letters but implies cold, raw, wet and grey. also charmless, depressing and utterly devoid of cheer. One of our dreariest poems begins “In the bleak midwinter”. This year January left lightly but February is bleak. I can, with difficulty, wait for it to be over. The Romans got it right. they named January the time of new openings and marched the month to break out of camp to return to the pursuit of mars. February they called the month of fevers. they were right. Roll on March. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea