Boris Johnson has vowed that Britain "cannot and will not just look away" from Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine and pledged to unite with allies to respond with a massive package of sanctions designed to "hobble the Russian economy". In a televised statement at midday on Thursday, the Prime Minister said the world cannot stand by and allow the freedom of Ukraine to be "snuffed out", as Moscow hit its neighbour with a wide-ranging attack, targeting cities and bases with airstrikes or shelling. Mr Johnson said: "This act of wanton and reckless aggression is an attack not just on Ukraine, it's an attack on democracy and freedom in eastern Europe and around the world." But political and economic experts are warning further economic sanctions from the West on Russia will also make Britons in the UK pay a harsh price. Associate Professor Steven McCabe, a political economist at Birmingham City University has warned: “Ukraine, like the country invading it, has huge natural resources. Since the fall of Communism, we’ve become used to a steady supply of raw materials and basic foodstuffs from Russia and former ‘satellite’ states including Ukraine. “We’re already seeing the impact of potential conflict: crude oil is up 8 percent to $105 a barrel. "The price for next day delivery of gas is up 40 percent. "This will mean we pay far more for fuel for our vehicles and heating our homes. “Ukraine is the ‘breadbasket’ of Europe. The tensions in the Eastern European region has caused the price of wheat to soar by 20 percent. "This will translate into higher prices for basic foodstuffs including bread and pasta. “Additionally, Russia and Ukraine export a number of vital minerals including aluminium, copper, nickel, platinum, and palladium - the trading price of which have all increased and will inevitably cause prices of finished goods to rise. READ MORE: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' “Unfortunately, given we’re in a cost-of-living crisis, conflict with Russia, even if only economic, will punish all UK citizens as much as it hurts ordinary Russians." The Prime Minister criticised the Russian president for having "unleashed war in our European continent", attacking Ukraine "without any provocation and without any credible excuse". Mr Johnson, who earlier chaired an emergency meeting of the Cobra committee, said: "Innumerable missiles and bombs have been raining down on an entirely innocent population. "A vast invasion is underway by land, by sea and by air. DON'T MISS:Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT]Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience [REACTION]Blow for Putin as Ukraine shoots down FIVE planes [VIDEO] "We, and the world, cannot allow that freedom just to be snuffed out. We cannot and will not just look away. "Today in concert with our allies we will agree a massive package of economic sanctions designed in time to hobble the Russian economy. "Diplomatically, politically, economically, and eventually, militarily, this hideous and barbaric venture of Vladimir Putin must end in failure." Mr Johnson warned of the prospect of "grim" months to come before echoing an earlier address from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in speaking directly to the Russian public. "I cannot believe this is being done in your name or that you really want the pariah status it will bring to the Putin regime," the Prime Minister said.