Reports emerged this evening that Jamal died unexpectedly, his company told BBC. Circumstances surrounding his death have not been revealed at this point. Jamal’s music platform, SBTV, helped launch the careers of artists including Ed Sheeran, Jessie J and Dave. He was awarded an MBE in the New Year's Honours list in 2014 for his services to music. READ MORE:Jamie Redknapp shares heartache after family loss announced by ex He also became an ambassador for the Prince’s Trust, received an honorary MBA from Luton and Bedfordshire University and an honorary degree from the University of West London. Thousands of friends and fans have rushed to pay tribute to the 31-year-old. Brenda's Loose Women co-star Denise Welch tweeted: "My heart aches for my friend Brenda. I can’t bear it. Jamal Edwards was a wonderful son and brother." The official Twitter for MOBO wrote: "We are deeply saddened to learn of Jamal Edwards passing. As the founder of @SBTVonline, his groundbreaking work and legacy in British music and culture will live on. Our hearts and thoughts are with his friends and family." Presenter Jamie East penned: "I cannot overstate how tragic it is to lose Jamal Edwards. Without a shadow of a doubt one of the brightest, generous and kindest people I’ve had the pleasure to know. A pioneer, a testament to entrepreneurship and hard work but above else just a lovely lovely man. Gutted." Journalist Robert Peston echoed: "I am shocked and immensely sad to hear about the death of Jamal Edwards. He was such an inspirational and kind man. I loved filming with him at the BBC. And he was important to @speakrs4schools in its early days as a brilliant speaker. Condolences to all close to him." MP Florence Eshalomi MP said: "Very sad hearing this loss. To have made such an impact at such a young age with SBTV. Rest in peace Jamal Edwards." Businessman Frank Khalid added: “I’m absolutely heartbroken of the news that my friend Jamal Edwards has passed away. Just spoke with him a few days ago.” DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife[INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she ignored Dan Walker's advice[LATEST]Simon Rimmer says he almost went bankrupt after being 'too cocky'[NEWS] And ITV reporter Jam Williams-Thomas stated: “This man did so much for grime and UK music. I grew up watching SBTV to see all the underrepresented artists of the scene. His grind is unmatched. A real inspiration and a huge, huge loss to the industry.” Jamal appeared alongside his mum, Brenda, on Loose Women in November. When asked about the inspiration behind his business, he admitted that his mum’s “work ethic” played a huge part. He explained: “My friends weren’t being represented in mainstream media, so that’s what inspired me. “But obviously my mum’s work ethic inspired me. “I remember going to the pub when she was doing karaoke and doing my homework there. “She was always working very hard.”