This week he excelled himself with a humdinger of attack on the PM saying asking the public to “believe the unbelievable” and that Partygate had damaged the UK’s reputation on the international stage. He also slated Boris as being “shifty and suspicious”. One commentator said that watching Major go for Boris was like watching a “tiny goldfish square up to a blue whale”. And he’s right. This dull, unremarkable, lacklustre pensioner, who even in his prime looked old and spent, was one of the weakest Prime Ministers this country’s ever had. For this political nonentity to slate Boris who, let’s face it, did what Major never could i.e. deliver an 80-seat majority – is farcical. It also made him look bitter and a bit pathetic. I’m wondering if Major’s hatred of Boris stems from his own shambolic stint as PM between 1990-1997. He looks at Boris and sees a man who is what he never could be. Boris is a communicator – Major isn’t. Boris can induce people to follow him – Major never could. Even now Boris is still popular with much of the electorate – Major never was. Let’s not forget when The Grey Man came to the job he inherited 396 Tories, when he left it had plummeted to 165 and it took three elections for the Tories to get back in. He bored people into deserting the Party. So it’s the height of hypocrisy (or is it jealousy) for one of our most underachieving Prime Ministers to slate one who thundered home with an historic majority. In his speech Major sounded like he was asking MPs to move against Boris: “Deliberate lies to Parliament have always been fatal to political careers and must always be so,” he droned. But my question is – why does Major think anyone would listen to him? MPs may well move against Boris but it won’t be on the say so of Yesterday’s Man whose agenda is glaringly obvious, Because anyone who thinks this is just about Partygate is missing the point. It’s about Brexit. It’s about an arch-Remainer breaking cover to try and destroy the man who took us out of the EU. It was the ultimate irony that Major’s speech this week was called “In Democracy we Trust” because this is the man who would like to see another referendum on Brexit, a man who supposedly champions democracy yet would be happy, along with Sir Kier Starmer, to overturn the democratic vote of 17½m people. “The lack of trust in the elected portion of our democracy cannot be brushed aside,” he said in his speech, hilariously unaware of the hypocrisy of his words. Major is part of a Remainer elite which five years on still can’t accept the fact we’ve left the EU. He still dreams of us going back in and he thinks it’s his mission to make that happen. And he’s not alone. Many of the people currently calling for Boris to go are also Remainers. This is their chance at revenge and they’re determined to take it in the desperate hope there’s still a way back to Brussels. Remember that if you’re thinking of not voting for Boris next time around. So as furious and disappointed as I am with Boris for his arrogance and his stupidity in thinking the rules didn’t apply to him the truth is at his very worst he’s still better than Major and his Remain cronies at their best!