The price of Brent Crude reached as high as £75.91 ($102.44) a barrel following reports of missile strikes and explosions in several parts of Ukraine. This is the first time oil has broken past $100 since 2014. Oil prices have already been pushed to record highs with ongoing issues of underproduction from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) since the pandemic. Despite plans for OPEC to reverse cuts made during lockdown production has been slow to ramp up again with a number of countries not hitting quota.  Tensions with Russia, the world's second largest oil exporter, now threaten to constrain supply even further. OCBC economist Howie Lee warned: "It's not just geopolitical risk that is the problem but the further straining of supply." "Russian oil supply will disappear overnight if faced with sanctions... and OPEC can't produce fast enough to cover this gaping hole." On Thursday Japan and Australia announced they were prepared to release oil from their reserves in a bid to bring more supply to the market.  In a statement the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry said: "The stabilisation of the crude oil market is extremely important for the stability of the world economy and the Japanese economy." Both countries promised to work with the International Energy Agency (IEA) to help maintain stability. Australian energy minister Angus Taylor said: "While we cannot control these international price spikes, we are closely monitoring the situation with the IEA and the United States and stand ready to take action to help alleviate these pressures." Fears over energy were already pushed higher after Germany announced it would halt approval for the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline connecting Russia to Europe.  With Russia already supplying around 40 percent of the continent's natural gas there had been growing concerns about Europe's dependence on Russia. Soaring energy prices have proved a major driver of inflation across Europe with energy price inflation reaching 28.8 percent in January according to statistics body Eurostat. In the UK petrol prices have continued to set record with motoring group the RAC recently warning average prices above 150p a litre were on the way. Stock markets are now bracing for a turbulent day of trading as the conflict in Ukraine unfolds.   DON'T MISS: Bank of England rate setter hints at more hikes to come [INSIGHT]Russian economy hit by Ukraine crisis as new sanctions are unveiled [ANALYSIS]Aston Martin accelerates into 2022 with 'significant' £1bn injection [LATEST] Asian markets already took a hit overnight with Japan's Nikkei index down just over 1.8 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng down over 3.5 percent. Meanwhile in Russia the Moscow Exchange temporarily suspended trading for three hours this morning as the ruble hit an all-time low against the dollar and the euro. The Moscow Exchange itself is now down over 30 percent with shares in energy giant and Nord Stream 2 part owner Gazprom down over 36 percent. Rob Carnell, head of Asia Pacific research at ING, said: “Markets are now more adequately pricing in the risk of something horrific happening. "That combined with the uncertainty is a horrible environment to be in." 