A camera operator was treated to a first day on his new job in Formula 1 that he will never forget after being targeted by Lewis Hamilton and Daniel Ricciardo for some good-natured teasing. The two racing stars were clearly in the mood for some mischief as they sat down for a press conference ahead of the upcoming season. The F1 paddock is currently in Barcelona, where all the teams are putting their new cars through their paces ahead of the competitive action. It is the first time the drivers will have been involved in a busy paddock environment since the final race of last season in Abu Dhabi. Press conferences are also something they have not taken part in for a while, as Hamilton was quick to point out as he sat down with Ricciardo and Sergio Perez to speak to the press. "Hi everyone, it's good to see you all," the Briton began by saying. "This is the first time we've seen each other in person for a minute." It was when McLaren ace Ricciardo first began to speak that the camera operator first started to get some light-hearted stick from the drivers. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton calls for further FIA change despite Michael Masi axe "You need to zoom in a bit closer," said Hamilton sarcastically as the screen showed that the camera was set up in a way that the Australian's face took up most of the frame. Ricciardo also pointed out that he looked a little too large in the frame, adding: "It's a bit further out now – just can't look at the TV. It's really close!" With a chuckle, he added: "As you can see I have a good skincare routine." The cameraperson clearly hadn't quite mastered the zooming function yet, though, as it became a topic for debate later on in the press conference. It was Hamilton who pointed it out again, as he said: "I just want to ask the new camera guy to zoom out, because it's cutting all my sponsors off, and all of ours. DON'T MISS:F1 testing 'controversies' expected as Hamilton and Verstappen returnAlfa Romeo's camouflage car as Bottas' livery kept under wrapsLewis Hamilton spotted inspecting Red Bull garage at pre-season test "I can't see the logos. Don't go too close – almost see our pores." It was after that request that the camera operator finally nailed the shot, as the feed cut back from a wide shot to Hamilton in a way that all his sponsors were visible again. "It's better, look!" Ricciardo declared while Perez also acknowledged the camera operator's fine work in fixing his error. Day one of testing in Barcelona on Wednesday was the first chance for teams to see where their new creations stack up compared to their rivals. No team truly knows how their winter development went, as a swathe of new technical rules saw everyone starting from scratch. Aerodynamically, many of the cars have looked dramatically different to others, showing that teams have interpreted the new rules in different ways – but as yet are none the wiser as to whose ideas were better. After much talking-up of Ferrari's potential in 2022, fans will have been interested to see Charles Leclerc post the fastest lap time in the morning session on day one at the Circuit de Catalunya. Lando Norris was in second in his McLaren, followed by the two Mercedes driven by Hamilton and George Russell. However, considering teams will have been trialling different setups and tyre compounds, those results cannot be used as a reliable reflection of what the balance of power might be on the grid when the competitive action begins.