Tom Parker, 33, has taken to social media to appeal to his fans for spiritual support amid his cancer battle. The Wanted singer was diagnosed with an inoperable grade 4 glioblastoma back in October 2020. Earlier today, he shared a picture of the sun setting over a beach to his Instagram Story as he made an appeal. In view of his 268,000 followers, Tom asked fans to light a candle to “manifest good healing” for him. He also thanked everyone who had been following his journey and sending him “positivity” as he continued to receive treatment. Tom typed: “We will be lighting a candle at 6pm (UK) tonight. Manifesting good healing and health for me. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death “If you would like to get involved head over to @being_kelsey Instagram. “She had all the instructions and the mantra you can read when you light the candle.” The music star concluded: “Thank you all so much for your love, kindness and positivity. “It honestly means a lot and helps me so much.” Tom’s latest update comes after the singer called on his followers to say a prayer for him in a lengthy Instagram post. The post followed the results of an MRI scan late last year that revealed his tumour is currently stable. Sharing a photo of himself and his beloved wife Kelsey Hardwick, Tom made the petition to his followers. "I would love for you all to get involved tonight and light a candle and say a prayer for me," he wrote. DON'T MISS...Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [LATEST]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [UPDATE] He also stressed that it was a new moon and that the date, 02.02.22, was a "supreme number". "It’s a powerful day to manifest with the universe, so let’s all heal together," Tom added. The prayer he requested everyone to recite out loud, written by @seaspiritandstones, asked for “power, strength and healing” for Tom to return to health. It read: “I let go of what no longer serves me for the highest good and in divine order. "Thank you universe for all that I have, all that I am and all that I will ever be! "May Tom Parker be strong of mind and body and completely cured and healed. "May his body return to the best health and completely free from dis-ease.(sic)”