Liverpool put one foot in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday with their 2-0 win over Inter Milan at the San Siro, as the Reds look to win their seventh European Cup. And another of their targets has stated his desire to win Europe's most elite cup competition ahead of a potential move to Anfield in the summer. Arnaut Danjuma, 25, has excelled for Villarreal this season after he moved to the Castellan-based side from AFC Bournemouth in July. The Dutchman has scored 12 goals in just 21 games for the Yellow Submarines since his £20million move, cementing his name as one of the most exciting wingers on the continent. His four goals in six Champions League games this season provided Unai Emery's men with a knockout place, where they will take on Juventus in the last-16. And those exploits have piqued the interests of Liverpool, according to Dutch outlet Voetbal International. And in an exclusive interview with MARCA, the former Cherries winger told of his desire to win the Champions League - be it with the Spanish outfit or Jurgen Klopp's men. "I'm really looking forward to the game [against Juventus] in the Champions League, obviously we won the Europa League last year and competing in the Champions League is a massive achievement for the club. That's what they wanted to be doing and is something they told me when I joined the club," Danjuma told MARCA. "They told me that they wanted to compete in the Champions League this year so yeah, so far so good. To be really honest with you, the coach [Unai Emery] has been placing focus on La Liga too after we dropped points at the start of the season - so it's not just the Champions League that we are focusing on, La Liga is really important for us as well. "Besides that, the Champions League is the highest form of international club football, so I think that is something that helps bring out the best in me. The higher the platform, the more you want to prove yourself. I can't explain the feeling when you step onto the pitch and hear the Champions League music, it gives you goosebumps. You know the whole world is watching and you want to perform. "Winning the Champions League is obviously the aim so I would never say that it is impossible even if we are the underdogs. I always strive for greatness and that is our narrative and something that we want to achieve. So that is our goal, we will try our best to win it." Villarreal qualified for the Champions League despite finishing seventh in La Liga last season after their 11-10 penalty shootout win over Manchester United in the Europa League final in May. And Danjuma believes that the win over the Red Devils has helped the club massively - and altered their Champions League expectations. "I think that the experience that the rest of the group has after winning the Europa League is massive because I feel that playing a tournament is different to playing in the league. The context is different, the games are different, it's take it or leave it. "That makes experience important and you can feel it on the pitch as well - especially when you progress to the next stage of the Champions League, you need players that know how it works and have been through games like that. "For example, our captain Raul Albiol won a World Cup with Spain and you can see what his experience brings to us on the pitch. We also have another couple of players that are like that and help you feel more comfortable in the game as well." With the signing of Luis Diaz, it could well be that Liverpool look for a right-winger to compete with Mohamed Salah, with Danjuma likely to be high up that list. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 