The award-winning duo Ant and Dec, welcomed RuPaul to be their guest announced for the first Saturday Night Takeaway of the series. The Drag Race star had a special End of the Show Show planned but many viewers weren't a fan and have complained to watchdog Ofcom.  The much loved Geordie duo had an extra special surprise in store for fans of the show as they welcomed Drag Race winners The Vivienne, Lawrence Chaney and Krystal Versace to perform. After teasing the crowd, the co-hosts appeared at the end of the show in full drag as Lady Antoinette (Ant McPartlin) & Miss Donna Lee (Declan Donnelly) They performed along to the new charity single We Werk Together, which raises funds for The Trussell Trust. The Vivienne, Lawrence Chaney and Krystal Versace all lip-synced to the song before being joined by The Angels of the North. Read More:When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner Aaron Dean?   Elsewhere in the show, Ant and Dec decided to prank Jeremy Clarkson as they went undercover as fake protestors kicking up a storm about soiling having feelings. The Top Gear host looked less than impressed and standoffish at times with the actors during the entire clip. When fake police officers attempted to arrest Jeremy, he lost his cool and swore before Ant and Dec unveiled themselves. Unfortunately for the duo, the show didn't go down as well as they might have hoped with fans.  The show received 71 complaints, with 59 of them because of their sassy performance as drag queens. Their comeback episode also seemed to divide viewers as social media was ablaze of praise and concern. Marley Fino tweeted: "This is totally inappropriate for a family entertainment show #SaturdayNightTakeaway #AntandDec." Agnes Wasserhaus added: "Why is it 'wonderful' to bring sexist caricatures of women into mainstream family TV? DON’T MISS… NCIS Sydney cast: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?[LATEST] ‘Thought I would die’ Y 1883’s Sam Elliott feared for his life in harsh filming conditions[LATEST] Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST]   "We got rid of blackfacing for good reasons. How is this any different, and why should we teach our children to mock and disrespect women like this? This is painful to watch. Especially for girls." However supporters of the show defended their decision to perform in drag. Avid fan Dan Langshaw was annoyed when he got wind of the complaints: "Who's complaining about @antanddec dressing in drag, really? REALLY? This is why we need representation on primetime Saturday night TV. #SaturdayNightTakeaway "I thought @antanddec performance on #SaturdayNightTakeaway was brilliant. Those complaining need to chill out; they can always use their remote control to watch something else instead of complaining," Joyce Combe proclaimed.   Peter Abraham echoed other supporters: "Fair play to @antanddec last night. They looked amazing in drag and put on a fantastic show. To all the haters bleating on, take a chill pill. "Men have been dressing up as women and performing on telly since the 60s. It's now 2022. Calm down. #SaturdayNightTakeaway." The next instalment of the 90-minute show will have Adam Lambert as the Star Guest Announcer with Fleur East back with the Takeaway Rainbow. It will also feature an extra special West End Spectacular End Of The Show Show with the cast of Mary Poppins The Musical. Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway continues Saturday at 7 pm on ITV. 