On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, despite previously denying the Kremlin had any intention of attacking. Initial reports have said that more than 100 people have died in the conflict so far, with fighting now taking place in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. In response to the invasion of Ukraine, a number of sports and events have announced that they will be distancing themselves from Russia. Here, Express.co.uk gives a full list of the latest sporting developments linked to the crisis in Ukraine. On Friday, the IOC called for all sports to relocate or cancel any events planned to be held in Russia or Belarus. READ MORE: Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight'  The committee has condemned the two nations for breaching the ‘Olympic Truce’, which only ends seven days after the Winter Paralympics finishes next month. Russia is scheduled to host the short-course swimming World Championships in December, as well as the men’s volleyball World Championship in August and September. European Football’s governing body UEFA announced Russia would be stripped of the right to host this season’s Champions League final. Originally, the showpiece event was due to be held in St Petersburg's Gazprom Arena.  However, it will instead take place in Paris's Stade de France, in Saint-Denis, following a meeting of the UEFA Executive Committee. Qualifying for this winter’s World Cup - due to be held in Qatar - has yet to be completed in Europe, with several places still up for grabs. However, the Czech, Polish and Swedish football associations have all told FIFA they don't want to play their upcoming matches in Russia. DON'T MISS: Russian armed forces hit by huge death toll as Putin dealt major blow [NEWS]Polish MEP bemoans that no-one in EU as strong as Boris against Putin [WATCH]Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error [INSIGHT]  Manchester United revealed on Friday that they had ditched their Russian flight sponsor Aeroflot. The decision came after the UK announced it would ban the airline from landing any of its aircraft's on British soil. A spokesperson for the club said: “In light of events in Ukraine, we have withdrawn Aeroflot’s sponsorship rights. "We share the concerns of our fans around the world and extend our sympathies to those affected."  After "watching the developments in Ukraine" Formula 1 said it will not include the Russian Grand Prix, in Sochi, as part of its race schedule. Before the announcement was made, Aston Martin driver Sebastian Vettel said he would not take part if the race went ahead. In a statement, Formula 1 said: "On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances." Some of the elite basketball teams in Europe come from Russia, including CSKA Moscow, UNICS Kazan and Zenit Saint Petersburg. However, after the Kremlin launched its invasion of Ukraine, several players have voiced their opposition to playing games in the country. Five World Cup skiing events - due to take place in Russia - have been cancelled or moved, the International Ski Federation (FIS) said on Friday. 