Manchester United midfielder Fred has criticised the club for having no long term plan with players still in the dark about who might take over next season. In a wide-ranging interview set to be aired on TNT Sports Brazil, the United midfielder admitted uncertainty over the next manager was hampering progress. Asked about the decision to appoint Ralf Rangnick on a temporary basis until the end of the season, Fred said: "It is a bit strange. “I know in football it's important to get good results as soon as possible, but it's also important to have a long-term plan. “I think it's a little bit bad for us not to have one, at the moment it's all about the short-term goals. “We don't know how it's going to be after the end of this season. Every player that comes to this club wants to win titles and it’s the same with me. “It’s about having better football planning at the club.”   Rangnick faces perhaps the biggest match of his tenure against Atletico Madrid in the Spanish capital tonight in the Champions League last 16 first leg. And Fred admitted that while United may not be firing on all cylinders on or off the pitch they still believe that they could end the season with silverware. “Is it crazy to picture United winning the Champions League? I don’t think so. I know we're not playing our best football, but we have a lot of quality names in our squad," he added. “I see many other teams playing far off from their best as well. It wouldn't be crazy to win it, it could happen.   “But we have to work our socks off because we're far away from being one of the favourites.” Fred also met rumours of dressing room splits head on insisting the squad was united and rubbishing suggestions of cliques as “nonsense”. “We need to improve our game but it's not related to the dressing room,” he said. “People say that Cristiano did this, other players did that, it's all nonsense. Our main focus as a group of players is to be united to get better performances and results. “I'm closer to Alex (Telles), so of course I'll be chatting with him most of the time, but it doesn't mean I won't be around the English players.   “In the dressing room, I seat next to Rashford and we have a great relationship. We have a united squad.” Fred has hit arguably his best form in a United shirt lately and is looking forward to the battle in Spain tonight. With Diego Simeone’s side having lost six of their last 11 in La Liga and taking just 13 points from a possible 33 since early December, the timing could be perfect. “Even when they are not playing well, Atletico Madrid are a hard team to beat,” said Fred. “Their manager is Argentinian, so they're warriors, defend really well, they like a bit of a fight on the pitch and play collectively as a unit. “It's a match for players that have balls - pardon my French. They're the most South American team in the Champions League.” 