The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has issued an update on payment delays, offering guidance about when people can expect to see their payments. With around 2.8 million people currently on PIP, waiting times to receive the benefit can be very lengthy. UK residents living with a health condition or disability that affects their everyday life could be eligible to claim the payments from the DWP. The benefit is not taxable or means-tested, so it doesn't matter if people are employed or have savings. They can also receive it on top of almost all other benefits. The DWP's latest report says it is currently taking 24 weeks in total from the initial registration for PIP to a decision being made. That's about six months. READ MORE: ‘Highest rate you'll get!' Savers given a boost as a bank account now offers 1% A year ago, a PIP claim took a total of 16 weeks - around four months, suggesting it now takes two months longer. Waiting times had peaked at 26 weeks in August 2021, the report said. This lengthy wait was partly because claims that had been allowed a longer deadline for return of the PIP2 form during the period late February and late May 2021 were reaching clearance, and partly because priority in some areas was given to claims that had been waiting longer due to COVID-19 disruption, the DWP said. The decision letter from the DWP tells people: The high volume of applicants is expected because as the cost of living crisis increases more people are seeking financial assistance, Birmingham Live reported. In its most recent report on PIP, the DWP said it had been forced to make a number of changes as a result of the impact of COVID-19, with face-to-face health assessments, routine reassessments and reviews of existing claims all suspended for several months in 2020. People also had to be given longer to gather medical evidence for claims while restrictions were in place, with the time allowed to return the PIP2 form extended from one month to three months for part of 2021. Officials say there is still "significant disruption" with the pandemic affecting DWP processing as well as "customer behaviour". "Although the effects of the disruption due to COVID-19 have reduced in many areas, they continue in some parts of the process," the report said. As part of an application for PIP, the DWP might ask for an assessment. During an assessment, a professional will look at how difficult claimants find daily living and mobility tasks. For each task they will look at:Whether people can do it safely how long it takes themHow often their condition affects this activity whether they need help to do it, from a person or extra equipment After an assessment, the waiting time until the final decision is 16 weeks - around four months. This is part of the overall waiting period of 24 weeks starting from when a person first applied for the benefit.  A year ago, the time taken for a decision after an assessment was 12 weeks, around a month less. During the past year, waiting times after an assessment peaked in August 2021, when it took 21 weeks from then to hear a decision on how much PIP you were getting. As part of the benefits uprating of 3.1 per cent for the next financial year, PIP allowances will increase from April 11, 2022. These are as follows:Daily living componentStandard - increasing from £60 a week to £61.85 a weekEnhanced - increasing from £89.60 a week to £92.40 a weekMobility componentStandard - increasing from £23.70 a week to £24.45 a weekEnhanced - increasing from £62.55 a week to £64.50 a week Although the rises are listed in weekly amounts, PIP is paid into accounts every four weeks. The maximum people can get is the enhanced rate of both components, currently totalling £608.60 and going up to £627.60 from April 2022. Express.co.uk has contacted the DWP asking for comment.