Death In Paradise has seen Saint Marie detectives come and go over its 11 seasons, but Don Warrington has been in the BBC drama from the very beginning. The 70-year-old plays smooth political operator Commissioner Selwyn Patterson who has become a firm-favourite with viewers. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor and whether he is married.  Is Don Warrington Married? The Death In Paradise star was born on the Caribbean island of Trinidad and was later raised in Newcastle upon Tyne. Don started acting at the age of 17 in theatre and he went on to train at the Drama Centre in London. He's starred in a host of television shows including the sitcom Rising Damp where he played Philip Smith between 1974 to 1978. Don prefers to keep his personal life out of the spotlight but it is known that he is married. READ MORE: Call The Midwife heartbreak as Dr Turner dies in crash after huge row?  The Death in Paradise star is married to Mary Maddocks who also worked as an actress, having previously starred in the West End version of The Rocky Horror Show. He has two children with his wife of more than two decades, sons Jacob and Archie Warrington. The latter is a stand-up comedian who has talked about his parents' influence on him. Archie, who professionally goes by the name Archie Maddocks, told The John Fleming blog: “The main thing I get from both of them is they understand the art of performance and the need to perform. "It’s not something you choose to do. It’s something that you can’t not do. "I’d rather be poor and do something I enjoy than be rich and have to go into work every day at something I don’t like and be miserable. "I’d rather live outside in the cold literally – I hope I don’t, but…”   In 2007, Donwas appointed a Member of the British Empire in the Birthday Honours for his services to drama. The Commissioner is one of the only original characters left in Death in Paradise. His character has spent his career rising effortlessly through the ranks of the island's police force. However, now he's reached the top, the less work he has to carry out, the better. DON'T MISS...Chloe creator Alice Seabright opens up on 'mad' co-stars [LATEST]Virgin River's Mel star looks completely different as she shares snap [MUST SEE]Eamonn Holmes gives rare insight into family milestone [VIDEO]  In a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other media, Don opened up about how series 11 would reveal more about the Commissioner's life. He explained: "I have a suspicion that we will find out a little bit more about Selwyn. "It's all I can say at the moment, I'm under embargo. There's a man over there with a gun and if I say anymore, that's me finished! "I think we will learn a bit more about Selwyn and the more you learn about a character, the more enigmatic they become."  The drama is filmed across the Guadeloupe Islands which is where the cast and crew are based for six months each year. Don recently admitted his "jealousy" towards his co-star Shantol Jackson, who plays Sergeant Naomi Thomas, as she seemingly embraces the scorching weather without difficulty. He revealed: “Well, you know, Shantol is from the Caribbean, while the islands are very different, in a way, she knows the ground very well. “One can be jealous because mosquitos don’t bother her." Death in Paradise season 11 continues Friday at 9pm on BBC One. 