Radio Host Iain Dale sat down on Jeremy Vine to talk about the Russian invasion onto Ukrainian soil and the British Prime Minister. Mr Dale pushed for the Partygate investigations into alleged Tory rule breaks at Number 10 Downing Street to continue. Due to the current attack on Ukraine media attention and focus has been pinpointed on that. Mr Vine argued that it was better to be dropped due to the Prime Ministers' main attention now being on the European conflict. Mr Dale said: "Well just imagine that the police made an announcement that actually they were going to drop all of this because of the war in Ukraine. "We understand that the Prime Minister is under a lot of pressure but can you imagine the outcry in the country if they did that. "It would just prove to people who think that it's one rule for them and one rule for the rest of us, of course, the law has to take its course. Mr Vine said: "But doesn't it remove some or all of Boris Johnson's authority at a time when we need people to think he's a serious person." READ MORE:'Point of no return' – Terrifying meaning of 'Z' symbol emblazoned on Russian tanks    Mr Dale said: "Let's go back to 1990 when Britain was effectively at war with Iraq over Kuwait Margaret Thatcher was the Prime Minister. "The Tory party defenestrated Margaret Thatcher during that period, that argument was carried out then. "You look back, we changed Prime Ministers just at the beginning of the second world war. "I'm not suggesting we should change Prime Ministers, but I am suggesting that the world doesn't end if we do." JUST IN: Putin's WARNING to the West: Interfere and you will face wrath greater than any in history     Mr Vine added: "But they mock... The Russian media have mocked Boris Johnson they described Liz Truss as looking like half human half horse." Ms Hazarinka said: "Everyone mocks these people because they're slightly Ludacris people, we can't stop the world mocking them. "The point is if you look at it internationally as well, a big part of our rhetoric, and I thought the Prime Ministers' speech was good yesterday. "Part of why we're doing this is we're making a big pitch saying, we believe in the rule of law, we believe in the rule of international law, you cannot say we go up against people like President Putin, who don't listen to the rules. "They don't play by the rules, but we're just going to wave the rules where we are right now because it's convenient, you got to be consistent about this.  DON’T MISS: Putin support CRUMBLING - Furious Russians lose patience with warmongering Due to the current invasion of Ukraine, the main news and focus has been on support for Ukraine and evacuating UK citizens. When Boris Johnson was recently questioned by BBC journalists, Mr Johnson said:  "As soon as I have something meaningful to say about this, which will come at the end of the process, I will make sure I do it to you, the BBC... I'll have a lot more to say about this in due course." 