Her Majesty appears to be recovering from COVID-19, less than one week after Buckingham Palace announced she had contracted the virus. According to sources, the sovereign is "on the mend", despite fears for her health reaching new highs earlier this week after she cancelled virtual audiences scheduled for Tuesday and Thursday. The sources told the Daily Mail the monarch was sounding "a little croaky" due to the mild "cold-like symptoms" she is experiencing with Covid. And the newspaper's royal editor Rebecca English argued the Queen may have decided not to carry out the audiences via video link due to the effects the cold is having on her voice rather than a worsening of her conditions. Appearing on Mail+'s Palace Confidential, Ms English said, after being asked whether the cancelled engagements should be a source of concern: "No, as I said Buckingham Palace isn't saying anything, but I have been told no. "She is a 95-year-old woman, she is a very dignified woman, I don't think she wants to be sounding particularly, even slightly ill on camera." The expert went on saying courtiers may have been playing safe this week to spare the Queen's energy ahead of a key event planned at the monarch's residence in Berkshire which she reportedly wants to attend. She said: "And I think, actually, what they are trying to do is next week, on Wednesday, we have the first of these three public engagements they have announced for her in March, which is the Diplomatic Reception to be held at Windsor Castle, which could involve her standing on her feet for up to one hour and meeting hundreds of people. "I personally don't think that would happen, I think what they will do is get her out for a short period of time and leave the heavy lifting to other senior members of the Royal Family. "But from what I understand she really does want to attend this engagement, so I suspect that's another reason why they are scaling back what she is doing this week." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry honoured with 'prestigious' new award The Queen last attended a major reception at Windsor Castle on October 19, the evening before Buckingham Palace announced she had cancelled a planned two-day trip to Northern Ireland to mark the nation's centenary. The event was attended by politicians and business leaders, including Boris Johnson and Bill Gates. During the reception, the monarch was supported by various members of the Royal Family including her son Prince Charles and grandson Prince William. Since the end of October, the Queen hasn't carried out any engagements outside palace walls following her doctors' advice to rest. In the last weeks of 2021, the monarch continued to carry out her duties as sovereign as well as several in-person and virtual audiences. She didn't complete any official engagement in January but resumed her engagements on February 5, when she hosted a reception at Sandringham House during her stay in Norfolk. During this event, the monarch was said to be in sparkling form. While she used a light walking stick, the monarch walked around the room to meet and speak to various guests. She even cracked a joke while cutting a beautiful cake bearing the purple and white emblem of the Platinum Jubilee. Following her return to Windsor Castle, the Queen held an in-person audience with the incoming Defence Services Secretary Major General Eldon Millar and his predecessor Rear Admiral James Macleod in mid-February. There are two more engagements the Queen hopes to attend next month - all taking place outside the palace. On March 14, royals, Commonwealth personalities and politicians are to gather at Westminster Abbey for the annual Commonwealth Day service. As the Head of the Commonwealth and a proud supporter of the group, the monarch will surely look forward to the event. On March 29, the Queen is also expected to attend a service of thanksgiving for the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, also planned to take place at the London abbey.