Russian airlines will no longer be able to use EU airspace, according to a German radio broadcaster.  Matthias Deis, deputy studio manager for German TV broadcaster ARD Capital Studio, announced the decision on Twitter. Mr Deis said: "EU countries close airspace for Russian airlines. Just confirmed to me from a reliable source."    He added: "Reversal of flights over Russian territory in anticipation of Russian response I hear. This means that Russia could also close its airspace." This comes after Germany broke with a historic policy earlier today when they announced they would be sending military weapons to help Ukraine. Several other European countries have made similar announcements, while Russian-owned planes can no longer enter UK airspace. Estonia, Latvia, Slovenia and Romania said earlier today that they were banning some flights from Russia. Russia itself earlier said it would close its airspace to flights from Bulgaria, Poland and the Czech Republic after they issued a ban on Russian jets. They retaliated in kind to the UK.      Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas had urged other European Union countries to issue similar restrictions on Twitter, adding: "There is no place for planes of the aggressor state in democratic skies." Latvian Transport Minister Talis Linkaits also said on Twitter that "Latvia will close its airspace to Russian-registered airlines for commercial flights." He added that the decision would be formally approved at the next cabinet meeting. Flightradar 24 showed that an Aeroflot carrier, among the airplanes that had been banned from UK airspace, was forced to take a significant detour over Northern Europe and the Baltic Sea this morning between Moscow and Budapest. The journey took a full 70 minutes longer than usual. However, Russia's closing of airspaces in response has also created problems for the West. UK airlines would typically use Russian airspace when flying the "great circle route" over nothern Russia and into parts of Asia such as China and Japan. READ MORE: British support arrives: UK sea, land and air forces roll up to border [INSIGHT]  Virgin Atlantic has suspended one of their cargo routes between London and Shanghai. Meanwhile, British Airways confirmed that it would reroute to avoid Russian airspace. This will result in longer flight times and higher fuel costs. The Financial Times report that European airlines can expect to see the same sanctions in response from Russia, adding that one executive described the possibility as "catastrophic" for the industry. The EU has already imposed a number of sanctions on Russia, targeting 70 percent of the Russian banking market and key state owned companies, including defence. They have also banned the sale of aircrafts and equipment to Russian airlines, and limited Russia’s access to technology. DON'T MISS: Russian anti-war protests could trigger Putin’s ‘downfall’ [INSIGHT]Priti Patel cancels Belarus visas for supporting Putin [ANALYSIS]Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error [REVEAL]  Ursula von der Leyen stated that the sanctions will “hold the Kremlin accountable”. However, the EU has been criticised for still allowing Russia to make use of the euro, even as the UK and the US ban their respective currencies. Boris Johnson earlier this week unveiled the “largest ever” set of sanctions against Russia, including freezing the assets of all major Russian banks and banning hi-tech exports. The PM has said it is time to “squeeze Russia from the global economy, piece by piece”. He told MPs: “Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. “He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands.”