With the Prime Minister still awaiting the results of the Met Police inquiry and a fuller report by civil servant Sue Gray into allegations about parties in Downing Street during lockdown, the mood among most Conservative MPs is that the political agenda has moved on. It comes after polling guru David Canzini, a key ally of “Wizard of Oz” Australian political strategist Sir Lynton Crosby, was drafted in to Downing Street’s team. The move is the latest in a refresh of key advisers to Mr Johnson which also resulted in the introduction of MP Andrew Griffiths as head of policy, and former broadcaster Guto Harri as director of communications. The Sunday Express has also learned the Prime Minister is working on a new vision for his Government, which he plans to reveal in the coming weeks. Former Brexit Minister and MP for Clwyd West David Jones said: “While we are waiting for the police inquiry into the events in Downing Street during lockdown, the Ukraine crisis really has put everything else into perspective. Boris’s performance with handling the Ukraine crisis has been very impressive indeed. “He has shown leadership and rallied the world. “It is another example of him getting the big decisions right as he did with Covid and Brexit.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The former minister added that it showed much of the problem had simply been a need to reshuffle his staff in Downing Street. “I’m afraid a lot of his previous staff let him down,” said Mr Jones. “The changes have helped a lot and there is now a much clearer focus.” But Mr Jones and other MPs have identified issues which the Prime Minister must deal with to tackle discontent among Tory MPs, including the Northern Ireland protocol agreement with the EU and the National Insurance increase. Another former minister said: “Boris is in the clear now, he is almost certainly safe unless the police actually arrest him. “But there is a lot of unhappiness about the NI rise.” An MP from the Red Wall seats added: “He has done exceptionally well with Ukraine but that crisis must lead to a rethink on net zero policy. We need energy security and to produce our own gas, not import it from Russia.” A senior MP added: “The worst seems to be over for the Prime Minister now. In the end it is what he does with the important decisions and that is all that will matter in 2024 [for the election].” The views of MPs tied in with a Redfield and Wilton Strategies poll last week for the Sunday Express which revealed that 54 per cent of adults in Britain believe that the cost-of-living crisis is the biggest domestic concern facing them. Meanwhile just 11 per cent were worried about climate change and only 4 per cent were concerned about Partygate.