Moneybarn warns many cleaning tips on social media sites such as TikTok are “relatively harmless” but some advice could come back to bite road users. They said some advice “could potentially be dangerous” to owners and have urged road users to always take precautions. Moneybarn said: “There are loads of interior cleaning hacks you can find on TikTok, such as using a squeegee to remove pet hair and putting silicone cupcake moulds in your cup holder. “Whilst some are relatively harmless, there are also ones that can cause more harm than good. “For example, plenty of TikTokers recommend using olive oil to make your dashboard shiny. “Whilst this may seem like a good idea in theory, if you don’t wipe off all the oil, it will be slippery and could potentially be dangerous. READ MORE: Police warn drivers of £100 fine risk with 'obscured' number plate “You should always be cautious when trying out something different to clean your interiors. “If using a new product like carpet cleaner, vinegar or baking soda, always test on a small, out-of-sight area first.” The RAC has previously encouraged drivers to use car hacks to clean their vehicles by offering 12 simple tips. They said: “It’s easy to tell yourself you don’t have the right products, equipment or even time to get stuck in to the inside of your car. DON'T MISSHow to clean your car - the 7 hacks involving vinegar  [INSIGHT]5 unexpected car cleaning hacks that are eco-friendly [ANALYSIS]Cleaning a car can inflict ‘serious damage’ [COMMENT] “But more often than not it boils down to simply not wanting to undertake the boring, laborious task of cleaning.” One of these tips included cleaning a dashboard with olive oil which they said acted as the “perfect-in-car polish”. They added: “A dust-free dashboard is one thing, but don’t you fancy one that sparkles? "Avoid buying pricey specialist gear with a rag and some olive oil – the perfect-in-car polish. “A spring cleaning favourite, this kitchen-based solution won’t cost much and should leave a pleasing smell too.” The RAC said drivers could also use an old toothbrush when cleaning their car to get into all the hidden crevices. Washing powder and water can also be mixed to create a super paste perfect to shine up hubcaps. Shaving foam can also help windscreens from steaming up while rubbing alcohol can be used to stop water from smearing. The RAC also urges drivers to “carefully pour a small amount of cola” on some dirty areas to help eat away the corrosion. Drivers have also been encouraged to spray floor mats with stain remover before putting in the washing machine to see a huge difference.