Ukraine is fighting for its independence. We are facing genocide from the Russian Federation. More than 200 hundred civilians have already been killed including children. Our residential areas are bombed, our kindergartens are destroyed. Putin wants to destroy our country. The treacherous, unjustified, illegal attack by the Russian dictator Vladimir Putin on independent Ukraine came as a shock to the world - albeit a rather expected one. Weeks before the invasion were warnings, gossip, and insiders spoke about potential aggression. However, no one thought that even an autocrat like Putin could go so crazy. He still attacked, but suddenly for himself, it turned out to be an attack on the entire civilised world. Let me be clear the Russian blitzkrieg has failed. It broke its teeth on the resilience and courage of Ukrainian defenders. The defence of Kharkiv, Chernihiv, Sumy, Kherson, and Kyiv has shown that the Ukrainians are ready to defend their homeland by all means and to the very end. Russian troops are demoralised - many do not understand why they are here and what is happening to them. The testimony of the prisoners indicates that many were sent "just to study", mostly young people aged 18-20. This indicates that the Putin regime is committing crimes not only against the entire free world but also against its own people. The Ukrainian army is defending itself against the overwhelming and still strong enemy. However, there is more and more international support for Ukraine - economic, financial, political, and most importantly military. Our partners from Britain, the United States, Poland, France, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and many other countries are supplying new types of weapons and new tranches of financial assistance. It is worth mentioning the sanctions regime. With each of them, we see the courage of our Western partners to finally crush the economic basis of the criminal regime. Disconnecting from SWIFT is finally no longer unbelievable, and despite the resistance of some countries, we are finally approaching this decision. Blocking Putin's assets, freezing the assets of Russian companies abroad, and export restrictions on the Russian economy will all bring victory over the aggressor closer every hour. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Russian oligarchs are already losing about $ 30 billion due to new sanctions - financial support for the regime is melting. The second day of the Moscow Stock Exchange could not properly launch trading without catastrophic losses for its key firms. Each time they start trading, they lose about 40-45 percent of the value of their securities. However, there is another aspect that is extremely important for strengthening Ukraine. The Putin regime's most heinous crimes are currently being committed by its cruise missiles, volley fire systems, and aircraft. The Russian military is increasingly targeting civilian buildings - homes, kindergartens, hospitals. Of course, our air defence is resisting, but that is not enough. For days in a row, large cities in Ukraine are living in a state of the constant threat of airstrikes. If the West really wants to enable the Armed Forces of Ukraine to stop the Russian aggressor on the ground and win this new war for the West, it must ensure a closed and safe sky over Ukraine. In this way, we will be able to put up effective and powerful resistance to Russian aggression and we will be sure that our peaceful cities are under reliable protection. But the story is much bigger than even my beloved Ukraine. It’s about the whole world. Why? First of all, because Putin is not going to stop. If he is successful in Ukraine – he will go forward. Georgia, Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia, Poland are under threat. Secondly, the whole security system in Europe does not exist anymore. If one European country just invades another European country with the aim of capturing it – it means there are no more borders and sovereignty in Europe. And thirdly, many dictators are watching Putin. What will be his destiny? If he will become a big conqueror – why couldn't they? It will start conflicts around the whole planet – and the third world war will start. So let’s stop Putin now before it is not too late. We, Ukrainians, are ready. There are queues of men and women throughout the whole country of people wanting to fight for their Motherland. Even civilians are taking arms in their hands. I’m a civilian person, never have I been in the army. But now I have a Kalashnikov in my hands sitting near the Ukrainian parliament and waiting for occupants to come to the centre of Kyiv. Probably I will not do much, but I’ll do my best. And millions of Ukrainians too. Are you with us?