Kate was reportedly seen sharing a drink at the Hollywood Arms pub in Chelsea with parents of children attending Thomas's Battersea. According to a source, the Duchess of Cambridge was spotted in the London borough last week, while Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were enjoying a half-term break. The Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden reported a source telling him: "Kate was in last week with parents from her children’s school. "There was no fuss or fanfare." This isn't the first time Kate is reportedly seen enjoying a break at the Chelsea pub with other parents of children attending the young Cambridges' school. The pub used to be regularly attended also by Prince Harry in his days as a bachelor. The Duchess' reported sighting came just a few days before she left for a two-day-long whirlwind visit to Copenhagen, entirely focused on learning more about the Danish world-leading approach to the early years. During one of her engagements as part of the trip, Kate opened up about the time she spent with her children during the half-term holidays. While speaking with experts and students at the Lego Foundation PlayLab, the royal said her family spent part of the week off playing with Lego bricks. She also said George, Charlotte and Louis were "jealous" they would not be able to join her for her visit. READ MORE: Royal Family: Sophie swipes 'Children's Princess' crown Kate said: "My children are very jealous they weren't coming to see the Lego Foundation. "They were like, 'hang on, there's Lego and we're not coming?'" Royal fans were quick to react to the recent report regarding Kate's visit to the pub. One Twitter user, @enkienkiiii, wrote on the social media platform: "She’s such a dedicated mom who is so involved in her children’s life and this goes beyond taking care of them.  "I know how important is for kids that their mom/dad to be friends with other parents & the fact that Kate goes out to enjoy her time with other parents is so cute". Another Twitter user, @brigantia__, wrote: "It's great Catherine is catching up with friends, she's got a busy few months ahead!" The royal enthusiast referred to the tour of three Caribbean countries announced by Kensington Palace on Thursday. In less than a month, the Cambridges are to undertake a lengthy visit to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas - three nations that recognise the Queen as their head of state. The journey will begin in Belize, where Kate and William's visit will include a tour of historic Mayan sites and the celebration of the rich culture of the Garifuna community as well as the area's biodiversity. In Jamaica, they will engage with the country's Defence Force and celebrate the legacy of Bob Marley - as well as up-and-coming local musicians - amid other engagements. And among the engagements planned in The Bahamas, the couple will meet community members and experience the junkanoo parade, a street party with music, dance and costumes. In a statement, Kensington Palace said the Duke and Duchess "have asked that this tour allows them to meet as many local people as possible." The statement continued: "Over the course of their time in the Caribbean, Their Royal Highness will meet a wide variety of groups, including children, young people and families, frontline workers, service personnel, leaders from the government, business and the charity sector as well as inspiring conservationists and the early years workforce." Kate and Prince William's last joint overseas tour took place in early March, when the couple visited Ireland.