Boris Johnson erroneously claimed in the House of Commons Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich had already been hit by the sanctions the British Government unleashed towards Russian stakeholders in the past. He later retracted the claim saying he had "misspoke" while announcing a series of new sanctions aimed at crippling Russia in response to its ongoing threatening conduct towards Ukraine. But as Labour MP Chris Bryant tried to question Mr Johnson on plans for Mr Abramovich, the Prime Minister could be seen walking out of the Commons. Mr Bryant said: "I hope the PM can just stay for a brief moment, as it relates to what he said about Roman Abramovich. "I don't think that's a courtesy to the house when the Prime Minister leaves in that way... " He added: "The Prime Minister said that Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned. As I understand it that has not happened. "I am sure the Prime Minister was completely inadvertent in giving a false indication. But it would be helpful if the Prime Minister could correct the record... these are important moments of fact." JUST IN: 'Demilitarise or else' Horror threat as Putin unleashes troops abroad  Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle replied: "I am not responsible for the answers that ministers give. "But the Government frontbenches heard his point and if a correction is necessary, I am sure it will be forthcoming ASAP." An official indicated that Number 10 is expected to correct the record, with the action being referred to said to have been the visa decision in the past. Mr Abramovich had issues around his entrepreneurial visa in 2018. READ MORE: Liz Truss takes swift retribution on Putin – UK to unleash might of £24TN army of nations In October 2021, the businessman's spokesperson confirmed he travelled to London as an Israeli citizen - therefore entering the United Kingdom without the need for a visa. The Prime Minister announced in the Commons five Russian banks were being sanctioned, along with three people - Timchenko, and the brothers Igor and Boris Rotenberg. The banks involved are Rossiya, IS Bank, GenBank, Promsvyazbank, and the Black Sea Bank. The UK Government said Timchenko, one of the founders of the Gunvor trading company, was a major shareholder in Bank Rossiya, itself a stakeholder in National Media Group which supported the destabilisation of Ukraine after Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea.  A statement on the Government web page listing the sanctions read: "Bank Rossiya has supported the consolidation of Crimea into the Russian Federation by integrating the financial system following the annexation of Crimea. Timchenko is a close ally of Putin, as are the Rotenbergs, Johnson said. Mr Johnson however refrained from imposing limits on Russia's biggest state banks, cutting off capital for Russian companies, or ejecting other prominent so-called Russian oligarchs from Britain. He said: "This is the first tranche, the first barrage of what we are prepared to do. "It is absolutely vital that we hold in reserve further powerful sanctions...in view of what President Putin may do next. "We want to stop Russian companies from being able to raise funds in sterling or indeed in dollars." But several lawmakers urged the Prime Minister to be tougher on Russian money, even demanding oligarchs be ejected from Britain and Russian money be dug out of the City of London. 