The Queen’s younger sister had a reputation as the party-loving princess, who indulged in the excesses of the Swinging Sixties. While Her Majesty had a path carved out ahead of her as monarch, Margaret’s role was less clear-cut. The Countess of Snowdon, who died 20 years ago, had a short-lived relationship with Group Captain Peter Townsend. However, the Government opposed her romance with Captain Townsend, an equerry to her father, King George VI, because he was divorced. The writer said: “Tony was out doing his own thing. “She said he would spend the day in his study ‘drinking my claret’. “He would leave notes in her drawer, saying ‘I hate you. Ten reasons why I hate you’. “It got to the point where she would ask a friend or a lady-in-waiting: ‘Just have a look in the book to see if there is a note left in my glove drawer.’” The Earl of Snowdon would apparently leave his notes for Margaret to find in Kensington Palace. The couple moved into the royal residence after their six-week honeymoon on the royal yacht Britannia. The period was joyous as Antony was given the title of Earl of Snowdon, and the couple welcomed their children, David in 1961, and Sarah three years later. However, tensions between the Snowdons soon began to boil over and the couple eventually broke up in 1976. Mr Warwick said the breakdown of their marriage was a far cry from the glamour and excitement that surrounded Margaret in the late Fifties and Sixties. He said: “In the Fifties, the world’s media were interested in having photographs of only two women. DON'T MISS: Princess Charlotte helped Kate honour her ‘very close’ relationship with sister Pippa [LATEST]Kate Middleton's royal life plagued by 'crippling fear': 'Could do more' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's 'extraordinary' meeting with Queen before exit from Royal Family [ANALYSIS] “One was Elizabeth Taylor and one was Princess Margaret.” Margaret’s appeal to the public as a figure of glitz and glamour was further enhanced by her relationship with Antony. Mr Warwick said: “There was this kind of romantic ideal. “But it was an ideal that wasn't going to last, because after they had married, reality started to kick in. “He didn’t want to be bobbing along in Princess Margaret’s wake – going to hospitals, opening garden fêtes.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.