Prince William joined Kate and their firstborn Prince George at Twickenham Stadium on Saturday to watch the Six Nations match England v Wales. Prior to the kick-off, the three royals met representatives of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and Wales Rugby Union (WRU). They were also joined by members of the RFU's community and grassroots game, volunteers and RFU council members. Among these was Joe Bedford and Commander Kirsty Marlor, who represents the Navy on the RFU Council. During this engagement, eight-year-old Prince George was asked whether he was cheering for the English team, whose patron is Kate, or the Welsh one, the patronage of which has been held by Prince William since 2016. The boy shrugged his shoulders and smiled at William, who stepped in to speak about the rivalry at the Cambridges' household. Laughing, he said: "It's become quite the thing in the house." Pointing at his wife, he added: "She is quite into it, I'm trying to stay out of it." Kate and Prince William are known to be competitive when it comes to sports. Husband and wife have gone head to head on several occasions - including during a charity regatta they hosted in the summer of 2019. READ MORE: Prince George sends fans into meltdown with naughty move at rugby Kate herself spoke about the competitiveness within her household earlier this month, when she met the England female and male squads shortly after her new role as patron of the RFU had been announced. Taking part in a special training session, she laughed when player Ellis Genge pointed out her new role would have her clashing against the patron of WRU - her husband. Kate, wearing a full England tracksuit, responded: "Ha, yes, what does that mean? We're terribly competitive. "The fact we're now supporting two different teams is going to make things interesting."  During the match, both Kate and William donned scarves sporting the colours of their teams. The Saturday match eventually saw England winning against the Welsh team 23 - 19. As he attended the meeting, Prince George said to have started playing rugby at his school, Thomas's Battersea. The eight-year-old described how he has just started to learn how to tackle, before sharing a joke with his mum: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" Kate replied to the third-in-line's quip, laughing: "Yes you have!" Speaking about Prince George after the meeting, Commander Marlor said: "I get the impression he's yet to choose a team. "I asked him which position he plays but I don't think he's got one yet. "It is such an honour to have them all here today supporting the teams and a fantastic surprise to see George. "The Duchess was talking about how interested she is in the community game, which is so great to hear." Kate took on the RFU patronage in early February - one year after Prince Harry had to relinquish it as a consequence of his decision to step down as senior royal.