Sakina Jaffrey has stepped away from her role as Dr Headwood on TNT’s thrilling series Snowpiercer to join a rival network. Ahead of her latest role on Showtime, this could potentially mean Dr Headwood may meet her demise this season.  Showtime’s financial drama Billions premiered its sixth season in January and as the series continues, actress Sakina Jaffrey was added to the cast. Starring alongside Paul Giamatti, Corey Stoll, and Maggie Siff, Jaffrey is set to join the roster as Daevisha ‘Dave’ Mahar. Dave will be a tenacious defence attorney from a well-established law firm geared up to take on the New York State Attorney General Charles 'Chuck' Rhoades, Jr (played by Paul Giamatti). As they go up against each other on a case, Dave will be able to sway Chuck to draft her onto his team.   READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute Jaffrey will be introduced in the fifth episode of Billions titled ‘Rock of Eye’. In the action-packed fifth season finale, Bobby ‘Axe’ Axelrod (Damian Lewis) went on strike in Switzerland to escape Chuck’s wrath and legal reach. This sealed the character’s exit from the show and in season six he was replaced by Mike Prince (Corey Stoll) who bought the investment firms and now owns all of Axe’s companies. To become the new boss, Mike double-crossed Chuck to seal the deal and almost immediately became his new enemy.  Season six will see Chuck make it his life’s purpose to wreck all of Mike’s business dealings, he will even go as far as halting his plans to bring the Olympics to New York. However, fans will see Mike won’t back down easily and will retaliate twice as hard. With Dave eventually on his team, she and Chuck could team up to completely take down Mike as the season continues. This role is a far cry from Jaffrey's medical role on Snowpiercer as the eccentric and idiosyncratic Dr Headwood.  DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]Snowpiercer season 3: Zarah labour death to rock Andre after clue? [THEORY] Viewers were first introduced to Dr Headwood in season two alongside her husband Mr Headwood (Damian Young) who was also a doctor as they worked on experiments for the freeze. They were employed to do so by Mr Wilford (Sean Bean) who created Snowpiercer after attempts to reverse global warming went wrong and the earth froze over. In order to survive inevitable death, he sold tickets to his 1,001 long carriage train which continuously circulated around the globe with the last remaining humans on earth. However, trouble soon ensued after the desperate forced their way onto the train without tickets which resulted in a harmful class divide.  Known as the Tailies, they lived on the tail of the train without power or heat, which stirred major tension and they were quick to be blamed after a murder happened onboard the Snowpiercer. On the most recent episode of the thrilling series, Dr Headwood was confronted by Andre Layton (Daveed Diggs) after it was revealed she was experimenting on his unborn baby. The medical couple had also saved a badly frostbitten Josie Wellstead (Katie McGuinness) with the use of Wilford’s henchman Icy Bob (Andre Tricoteux). Who was controversially created and consistently tortured as experimentation to see what could happen when people would experience the extreme cold. With Jaffrey’s latest role on Billions, it's likely her character on Snowpiercer could meet her demise in the coming episodes just like her husband who died from Influenza. Snowpiercer continues Monday on TNT. 