Britain will enjoy "pretty quiet" weather this weekend, compared to the chaos wrought by Storm Dudley, Eunice, and Franklin in the past week. BBC's Susan Powell said that "there will be a lot of sunshine across the country" on Sunday, although some places will suffer from morning frost. At the end of her BBC Breakfast forecast, the meteorologist did warn that Monday will see the country pummelled by another wave of wet and windy weather. She said: "We have had so many storms in the late week so this weekend is quite a contrast. "The weather will actually be pretty quiet and for the majority dry with some sunshine. "Overnight, it did turn quite chilly and some spots in central and eastern England, temperatures are down to -3C this morning. So a frosty start here. "Today Scotland and Northern Ireland will see more cloud due to a weather front approaching the UK." JUST IN: Fury over 'ludicrous' price hike at the only car park for miles Ms Powell continued: "But the skies will stay clearer in the south of England and parts of Wales. "On Sunday, overnight, we are looking again at a frost down the spine of the UK. "Surprisingly in the day, there will be a lot of sunshine across the UK, with quite light winds." The BBC meteorologist added that high temperatures of 9C to 10C will dominate the weather this weekend. Ms Powell added a warning to Monday morning commuters, saying: "Monday is the biggest forecasting headache, as a strong weather front approaches. "Monday certainly looks like a windier and wetter day across the UK, with gales forecast for parts of Scotland. "Across England and Wales, you can expect a spell of quite heavy rain at some stage on Monday." DON'T MISS: Defiant Ukrainian plays national anthem in eerie video [VIDEO]Putin's 'Achilles heel' exposed as Russian invasion plan unravels [INSIGHT]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: War explodes on Kyiv streets as Putin storms city [LIVE BLOG] She added that questions remained over how long the wet and windy weather front will hang around, but suggested it could feel "quite Spring-like again on Tuesday". Earlier the Met Office tweeted: "Saturday morning will feature a northwest-southeast split across the UK. "Rather cloudy and breezy for the former; bright and calm for the latter." This comes as many parts of the country are still recovering from three storms in the past week which left 1.4 million homes without power. On Thursday, the Energy Networks Association said 1,800 customers were still without power.