The Russian military column was captured via satellite by Maxar Technologies. Analysis of the imagery shows the column extending for 3.25 miles. The space technology company said the convoy was north-east of the Ukrainian city of Ivankiv.  The column consists of fuel, logistics and armoured vehicles. There are also numerous tanks, infantry fighting vehicles and self-propelled artillery. The satellite images also showed damage caused by recent airstrikes on the Antonov airport in Hostomel. A close study of each photograph shows the results of heavy fighting in and near the airport.   Maxar has been tracking the buildup of Russian forces for weeks. Other imagery from Maxar satellites showed several large deployments of ground forces in Belarus. The images showed 150 transport helicopters in southern Belarus. The helicopters were about 20 miles from the border with Ukraine.    READ MORE: Putin's war is causing exactly what he DOESN'T want The images showed one large helicopter deployment near the Belarusian town of Chojniki. Satellite images reveal over 90 helicopters parked on a road with the deployment extending for more than five miles near the town of Chojniki. Images also showed a large deployment of ground forces with several hundred vehicles in convoy position in several fields around the same area. The news comes after Ukraine declared a state of emergency last Wednesday after Russian president Vladimir Putin invaded the country.   DON'T MISSRussian nuclear deterrence on 'high alert' as Putin blasts NATO [REVEAL]Petrol prices hit astronomical levels amidst plea not to panic buy [SPOTLIGHT]North Korea launches missiles as world faces off with Putin - new test [INSIGHT] Moscow said it was intervening because separatists in the east had asked for help to repel "aggression". The US and other nations have stepped up efforts to deter an expansion of the invasion by imposing fresh sanctions on Russia. Russia has also been banned from using the international SWIFT banking payment system. 