Manchester United are reportedly ‘weighing up moves’ for two players ahead of the summer transfer window. Ralf Rangnick’s side are hoping to strengthen their squad at the end of the campaign as they look to challenge for the Premier League title next term. And Cody Gakpo and Joao Palhinha are currently on their radar. Manchester United have endured a troublesome season so far. And with Rangnick involved in the planning for the future, the Red Devils are hoping to bolster their squad in the summer transfer window. According to The Mirror, the German has instructed the club’s recruitment team to look at PSV Eindhoven star Gakpo. The 22-year-old is viewed as one of Europe’s hottest prospects after netting 13 goals and clocking up 13 assists this term. United have watched him in action recently, seeing him in PSV’s 1-0 Europa League victory over Maccabi Tel Aviv. The Netherlands international scored the only goal of the game that day, boosting his side’s chances of making the next round. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And United are eyeing a move for Gakpo because of the uncertainty surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani at present. That Rangnick has personally ordered Gakpo be watched suggests he’s being considered a serious transfer target behind the scenes. And he’s not the only player on their radar. According to the publication, United are also eyeing a move for Sporting Lisbon star Palhinha. The 26-year-old recently renewed his contract with the club, with his new deal running until 2026. Yet it’s stated that this is merely Sporting moving to ‘protect the value of their asset’. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United can sign the Portugal midfielder for a fee of £50million, per a clause in his fresh extension. However, Sporting are said to be open to offers in the region of £20m instead - proving add-ons are included. United have watched the midfielder in action on at least eight separate occasions this season. And they believe they have a good chance of signing him due to the relationship they have with the Portuguese giants. United have signed four players from Sporting over the past two decades. Ronaldo was the first, with the 37-year-old arriving as David Beckham’s replacement back in the summer of 2003. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Nani then followed four years later, with the forward going on to win four league titles at Old Trafford under Sir Alex Ferguson. United snapped up Marcos Rojo from Sporting in 2014 after seeing club legends Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic depart. And they landed Bruno Fernandes in January 2020 after missing out on a deal for Erling Haaland, who was strutting his stuff for Red Bull Salzburg at the time. Ronaldo, meanwhile, has admitted he’s targeting more trophies despite entering the twilight years of his career. "It's hard to say that I don't want more, because if I'm at a club that gives me the opportunity to win more things, why not?” he said. “And in the national team too. "I know I don't have many years left playing, four or five more, we'll see, and I want to win more things. “You have to be intelligent and know that at 18, 20 or 25 you are not the same as at 35. "And that is the maturity, the experience, the intelligence to understand that maybe you lose some things to win others and have the right balance to continue competing and be at the highest level." Despite rumours of Ronaldo wanting to leave, the veteran also insisted he was happy with his current form. "I show year after year that the numbers speak for themselves," the icon affirmed. "I don't have to tell you that I'm very good, because the numbers are there. The facts are facts, the rest is not. It doesn't matter at all. "That's why I'm very happy with my form, I'm still scoring goals, helping people, teams, both in the national team and at Manchester United and that's why I want to continue like this."