Naga Munchetty took the reins alongside her co-host, Rick Edwards, on his morning show 5 Live Breakfast as the BBC presenter took over from regular broadcaster Rachel Burden who was noticeably absent today. The journalist, who fronts her own radio show on the network, stepped in on the morning programme. Taking to Twitter, the 46-year-old made a cheeky admission ahead of sitting in for Rachel. The BBC Breakfast presenter joked that her co-presenter Rick "may regret" having Naga on board over the next few days this week. In view of her 265,000 followers, Naga penned: "In your ears a little earlier today @bbc5live from 0600-0900 with @rickedwards1 letting me share the Breakfast studio with him..." She added: "Will he regret it?" READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White's heartbreak over Jamal Edwards death Social media users flocked to comment on Naga's post, as Geraint Lewis joked: "He'll be sorry." Sir Hugo commented: "Well it would be an honour to work with a nice lady like you Naga." While Andrew cheekily fumed: "I missed [the show] this morning." Speaking on 5 Live Breakfast, Naga explained that she will be filling in for Rachel over the next few days.  "Good morning to you. Rick, 'Hello,'" she began. "This is a new thing." Rick commented: "This is exciting right?" Naga interjected: "It is. Rachel is letting me keep her seat warm." "Yes, very kindly" Rick commented before he joked: "She doesn't give up that seat without a fight, let me tell you." DON'T MISS... 'He's alive!' Rylan Clark makes light of hospital stay after absence[LATEST]Adele cuddles Rich Paul at NBA All-Star Game as she swaps huge ring[PICTURES]A Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe on show downsides 'Sad'[EXCLUSIVE] He went on: "We had to drag her out." Naga chuckled: "It was ugly but we managed it." The presenting duo didn't confirm the reason behind Rachel's absence but it is not uncommon for BBC hosts to temporarily replace presenters who have taken time off. Express.co.uk has contacted BBC representatives for comment. Naga is a television presenter who appears in many Brits' homes each morning on BBC Breakfast. The esteemed journalist also fronts her self-titled show on Radio 5 Live from Monday to Wednesday. Naga's husband James Haggar also works in TV as a director and broadcast consultant. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am. 5 Live Breakfast airs weekdays on Radio 5 at 6am.