Kate and Prince William are set to go head to head on Saturday, as they are both to attend in person the England v Wales Six Nations match at Twickenham Stadium in the roles of royal patrons of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and Welsh Rugby Union respectively. This royal engagement will surely raise the competition within the Cambridges' household, with the Duke and Duchess set to each cheer for the team they represent. This will mark the first match watched by Kate as patron of the English team, as she was appointed for this post only a few weeks ago. The Duchess was handed this role from the Queen, after it was returned to Her Majesty by Prince Harry in February last year as a consequence of his decision to step down as senior royal. One royal author believes Kate is not just to take over the patronage from Harry but also the "banter and one-upmanship" between the Duke of Sussex and William when it came to supporting their teams. Royal commentator Duncan Larcombe told OK! magazine: "Funnily enough, it used to be a cause of some banter and one-upmanship when Harry was in the role so Kate has taken over that. "It's friendly competition." He then added the Duke of Cambridge is also very fond of the England team and, when he can't cheer for Wales, he embraces the team now represented by Kate. Mr Larcombe recalled: "Prince William was in Paris for the 2007 rugby World Cup final, visibly cheering on England against South Africa in the final that they lost. READ MORE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed "Prince William's probably the only Welsh rugby fan in the world who also supports England." At Twickenham, Kate and William will not just watch the game but also hold a few meetings. On arrival, they will be welcomed by Jeff Blackett, President of the Rugby Football Union, and Gerald Davies, President of the Welsh Rugby union. Prior to the kick-off, the Cambridges will also speak to representatives of the RFU's community game, including volunteers and the union's council members. While Kate was recently appointed as patron of the English rugby team, William has covered his role within the Welsh Rugby Union since 2016. Saturday's match will be the second time Kate heads to Twickenham this month. On the day her appointment as patron of the RFU was announced, Kate headed to the stadium to meet players and staff from both the men's and women's rugby squads. There, donning studded shoes and the England outfit, she took part in two special skills sessions run by head coach Eddie Jones. As part of her training, she was spotted passing the try line, which prompted her jubilant celebrations. Moreover, Kate was taught how to score a conversion kick. And she showed off her line-out skills after being lifted out in the air by players of the men's team. On the same day the RFU patronage was announced, Kensington Palace also said the Duchess had become patron of the Rugby Football League, another role inherited from Prince Harry. Kate and William are known to enjoy the friendly competition between them when it comes to sports. Most recently, in May last year, they were seen racing each other in wind-powered buggies on the West Sands beach as part of a visit to Fife. In July 2019, the Duke and Duchess organised and participated in a charity regatta, for which they each represented one charity.