Lewis Hamilton has denied meeting up with Max Verstappen after making a sneaky visit to the Red Bull garage during day one of pre-season testing in Barcelona. The Brit was captured having a stroll down the pitlane and stopping to admire Red Bull's work ahead of taking to the track on Wednesday. Hamilton and Verstappen will likely be battling for the world title again this year after their tumultuous, controversial showdown in 2021. The Red Bull star pipped Hamilton to the Drivers' Championship, his maiden success, in a highly-disputed Abu Dhabi finale, ultimately costing Michael Masi his job as the FIA's F1 race director. So Hamilton has returned this season to earn redemption and claim a record-breaking eighth world title. And the Mercedes man got an early peek at some of his rivals on the grid ahead of Wednesday's first testing session at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. JUST IN: Why Lando Norris was 'annoyed' that his McLaren was fastest car Hamilton stopped at the Red Bull garage and observed the ongoings as Verstappen prepared to take his challenger out for testing. And afterwards, the 37-year-old scuppered talk of him meeting Verstappen this week, claiming watching him drive out the garage will be "as close as they're going to get." "I didn't run into him in the pitlane, but I saw him drive out of the garage. That's probably as close as we're going to get this week," Hamilton explained. READ MORE: FIA issue response to Lewis Hamilton's 'bias' claims about stewards Lando Norris recorded the quickest lap time on day one at 1m19.568s, whilst Ferrari's Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz were second and third. Hamilton was sixth-fastest, behind the above-mentioned trio and new Mercedes teammate George Russell, with his best lap 1m20.929s. And Verstappen, showcasing a radical-looking Red Bull car, only recorded the ninth-fasted time at 1:22.246, behind Sebastian Vettel, Yuki Tsonoda and Fernando Alonso. Ahead of his first testing session on Wednesday, Hamilton sent out a title warning to Verstappen, claiming he feels the "freshest" he ever has in the build-up to the 2022 season. He said: "I feel the freshest that I ever have. Of course, there are so many different ways you can re-focus and get re-centred, and I would say this [break] was one of the best I've ever experienced. "It was definitely more about being present and in the moment and creating memories. I know sometimes in life, we get so focused and stuck into certain things like work that we forget to do those things [spending time with family]. "So it was a great time, just refreshing with the family. It was the best period of time I've actually ever had with my family."