Talks between Russia and Ukraine began today as delegations from both countries travelled to Belarus. Ukraine said its goal for the talks is an "immediate ceasefire and withdrawal of Russian troops". Its team of negotiators includes several high-ranking officials, but not its president, Volodymyr Zelensky. The Kremlin has refused to state its aim in the negotiations, asserting only that it wants to reach an agreement that was in the interests of both sides. Russia has in recent days felt the full wrath of European sanctions, including those imposed by the EU. Many member states sent weapons to Ukraine, and Brussels imposed a blanket flight ban on Russian planes on Sunday. While many have applauded the sanctions and restrictions that have come into effect, others maintain that they have come too late, with an estimated 350 civilians already dead, including 14 children, according to Ukraine’s health ministry. Russian President Vladimir Putin had amassed troops along Russia's shared border for months before giving the go-ahead for a full-scale invasion. Even last year, he deployed around 100,000 military personnel to the border region in what is now considered to have been a test. Professor Julian Lindley-French, an internationally recognised strategic analyst and adviser in defence, who has worked with NATO, argues that powers in the West have become averse to the idea of combating aggression from other states. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he urged the likes of Boris Johnson and other European statesmen and women to be more committed in their responses to actions that break with international laws and agreements. Talking about the increased willingness by Putin to stretch European values, and the rise of China in the East, he said: "What must the new global community of democracy do together to convince the likes of Putin and Xi Jinping that risks of this kind of aggression are simply too great to contemplate and it's better to be a partner with the West than an adversary or indeed an enemy. "That means thinking strategically, that means overcoming the chronic risk aversion in London and other capitals, which has led to this situation." Later, he implored NATO and Britain to stick to the Integrated Review that was drawn-up in 2021. JUST IN: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv It emphasises the importance of British contributions to the NATO enhanced Forward Presence (eFP) in Estonia and Poland. And, it argues for a more proactive and forward military presence in other regions vital for the UK's security interests. Prof Lindley-French added: "We in Britain, a leading member of NATO, have to show real leadership on this by sticking to our integrated review, by rebuilding our armed forces, by creating a new force that can repress Russia with its deterrent power. "We must prove we can respond to their cyberattacks by making them suffer if they attack us, and exploit their vulnerabilities in a more systematic manner. "We've been unbelievably naive in the last 20 years, and this is the consequence we are now facing. "I see more of the same happening off the back of this situation. "If it succeeds, expect more of the same; if we are coerced, expect more of the same." DON'T MISS Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance [REPORT]  'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  [INSIGHT] Ukraine-Russia: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead [ANALYSIS] Late last week, Royal Navy ships, British Army troops, and Royal Air Force fighters arrived on new deployments in eastern Europe to bolster NATO’s eastern front. Challenger 2 tanks and armoured vehicles of the Royal Welsh battlegroup also arrived in Estonia from Germany. Further equipment and around 1,000 further troops are expected to arrive in the region in the coming days. This will lead to a doubling of the UK presence in Estonia, where the UK leads a NATO battlegroup. The Baltic states, which includes Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, have placed themselves on high alert in recent days. While each is a member of both the EU and NATO, the thin strip of land they inhabit is significantly cut off from the rest of Europe. Lithuania, which sits at the southernmost tip of the Baltics, is flanked by Belarus — which has a pro-Moscow leader in power — and Kaliningrad, a Russian exclave. Poland is to its south, but the Suwalki gap — a narrow, tough-to-defend 65 kilometre piece of land on the Polish-Lithuanian border — could be blocked off from troops moving northwards from Belarus. This would lead to a complete isolation of the Baltic states. Arvydas Anušauskas, the defence minister of Lithuania, has said that Russian troops in Belurisan territory posed a "direct threat" to the country. In a Facebook post in January, he wrote: “In the current situation, we see the entry of the Russian military into Belarus not only as a destabilising factor in the security situation, but also as a more direct threat to Lithuania. “I will shortly be meeting the ambassadors of nine NATO countries that are actively contributing to strengthening Lithuania’s security.” Since that post went live, Belarus allowed Russian troops to cross its border with Ukraine to flank the country from the north.