The image, which was beside the words "Muhammed. Last Prophet in Islam", was part of a PowerPoint presentation used in a class at All Saints Academy in Dunstable, Bedfordshire. The presentation was shared on social media and the Muslim community has reacted in a forure to the blunder. "There is no dignity left for Muslims in the UK," one man wrote online today. Another comment reads: "They should know that NO pictures of the Prophet Muhammed should be used. All pictures of Prophet Muhammed are deeply offensive to Muslims." A third reads: "It's so wrong..." And the local Muslim community in Dunstable called on the school to properly investigate how the incident happened. The teacher involved has been suspended, Bedfordshire Live reports. All Saints Academy has also apologised for the blunder, understood to have happened in a lesson on Friday. In a lengthy statement, a school spokesperson said: "We are fully aware of a totally inappropriate resource that was used by a teacher during an RS lesson "All Saints Academy recognises the deep hurt and distress that has been caused to the Muslim community, and many other people of faith, by the totally inappropriate images that were used as part of a recent RS lesson. Not only was it offensive to attempt to portray an image of the prophet Muhammad, but the image that was used was that of Osama Bin Laden, a terrorist leader, which further added to the deep insult. "The academy reiterates its unreserved and sincere apology for the distress this episode has caused. In terms of actions taken, we are happy to share the following information."  It continued: "Upon learning about this incident from a concerned student, the member of staff was immediately suspended by the principal pending a detailed and swift investigation which will follow the academy’s disciplinary procedures. It would be against the terms of that procedure either to identify the individual concerned or to comment any further until the final outcome is determined. "Apart from investigating the actual incident, we will also commission a wider review of the circumstances surrounding the case to determine how this individual came to act in such an inappropriate and upsetting way. For purposes of transparency, this review will be conducted by an external person who has no connection with the academy. "Finally, having now established very useful links with members of the Muslim community in Luton, we would hope to work together to gain a better understanding of religious and cultural matters that impact on all our lives and will help us to be better educators." 