Kate is on a two-day whirlwind tour of Copenhagen, where she is exploring Denmark's world-leading approach to the early years. On her first day of visits, the Duchess of Cambridge headed to the Children's Museum to hear more about the Understanding Tour Baby research project. This initiative trains health visitors to help new parents as they begin to notice and interpret behavioural cues given by their children in the first months and years of their lives. At the museum, Kate also spoke with parents and met their young sons and daughters - including two eight-month-old baby boys. Speaking to parents about the effect working with babies has on her, Kate confessed: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'let's have another one'." This admission sparked a frenzy among royal fans hopeful to see a new royal baby join the Firm soon. Royal blogger @Gertsroyals reacted to Kate's words saying: "I wouldn’t mind a 4th little Cambridge Cutie!" Another Twitter user, @AnastasiaTrema5, added: "Yes, a little sister for Louis." READ MORE: Prince Andrew could 'reinvent himself' in Megxit-style move to America A third social media user, DarkSldeoftMoon, tweeted: "That’s so cute! Come on! Just one more Cambridge kid & we are set." Others appealed directly to Prince William, urging him to listen to the Duchess. One, @Jay7yn, said: "Oh my goodness, if only... Do it for England, William! PLEASE Your Royal Highness!!!" And @loveforcambridg wrote: "Oh Catherine! C’mon William! Listen to your wife" Kate and Prince William got married in April 2011 and have welcomed three children - Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. Motherhood, however, is not the main reason why the Duchess has a keen interest, developed over the past decade, in the early years. In November 2020, upon giving a keynote speech during the Royal Foundation online forum presenting findings of a nationwide research focused on early childhood, Kate said: "People often ask why I care so passionately about the early years. "Many mistakenly believe that my interest stems from having children of my own. "While of course I care hugely about their start in life, this ultimately sells the issue short. "Parenthood isn't a prerequisite for understanding the importance of the early years. "If we only expect people to take an interest when they have children, we are not only too late for them, we are underestimating the huge role others can play in shaping our most formative years too." Understanding the early years and the impact they can have on the development of future adults is significant to the whole society, the Duchess added at the time. Seven months later, Kate launched the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which aims at driving "awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years, in order to transform society for generations to come." Kate's visit to Copenhagen continued on Wednesday, which she kicked off with a visit to a forest nursery school. Among the outdoors activities for youngsters the Duchess took part in, there was wood chopping. Prior to returning to England, Kate is also scheduled to meet Queen Margrethe II and her daughter-in-law, Crown Princess Mary.