Warning: This story contains major spoilers for Spider-Man: No Way Home and Venom: Let There Be Carnage. The latest chapter in Spider-Man’s story introduced the concept of the multiverse into the wallcrawler's world, and with it came Venom stepping into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Following the explosive conclusion of Venom: Let There Be Carnage, the alien symbiote was transported into Peter Parker’s planet. In No Way Home, this was explained by Doctor Strange’s spell-gone-wrong, which brought countless Spidey villains into the same space. Tom Hardy’s inclusion has confused some audiences and the writers behind the film have finally addressed his status in Disney’s biggest franchise. During the post-credits scene of No Way Home, Eddie Brock aka Venom was seen in a bar asking a barman who the Avengers are and what is going on in the MCU. It seemed to take the film’s entire running time of two hours and 28 minutes for him to fully catch up, as just as he decided to go to New York and “meet this Spider-Man,” Strange’s spell reactivated and sent him hurtling back into the Sony-verse. However, the camera then panned into the bar itself, revealing a little piece of Venom’s black goo had been left behind. Just before the camera cut, it started to move, leaving the possibility of the symbiote to bond with a new victim – or potential lover. No Way Home scribes Erik Sommers and Chris McKenna have been opening up about the film's lingering questions in recent interviews. They shared their thoughts on the state of physical evidence regarding Parker remaining even after Strange’s spell. READ MORE: This rare PlayStation 1 game is now worth over £10,000 Now they have turned their attention to Venom, one of Sony’s most popular characters. Speaking at the IGN Fan Fest, Sommers said: "It leaves the door open for possibilities." He added: "As opposed to just seeing him go back and not seeing any symbiote. So, it just allows for some exciting possibilities in the future." Of course, the writers were then pressed about the seemingly inevitable battle between the two Marvel icons, but their answer may disappoint some fans. McKenna said: "I have no idea. That is above our pay grade. We are part of a bigger, larger universe that we are not the gods of, we're just mortals in. I think it was a fun idea that the sixth [member of] the Sinister Six gets stuck in a bar and doesn't get out of there, but maybe he leaves a little something behind. Again, we're not masters of that course of that next adventure." There seems to be a clear intention to get these two characters to meet though, as Marvel boss Kevin Feige teased the meeting of these beloved minds back in December. After Venom 2 was released to massive commercial acclaim, countless fans were overjoyed to see the character enter the MCU. Feige himself pushed for the universe-bending moment and seems clear about the plan to get Tom Holland’s Spidey and Hardy’s anti-hero sharing quips. Speaking to Collider, he explained: “You look at the obvious comic connotations between Venom and Spider-Man and it is inherent. So, the minute Sony made their Venom movie and it worked as well as it did, and Tom Hardy became as iconic as he has become as Venom, then the obvious question is then, 'How do we start to merge them?'" DON'T MISS...Christopher Plummer lifted lid on surprise Sound of Music secret [INSIGHT]Spider-Man No Way Home digital and Blu-ray home release announced [EXPLAINER]Thor 4 leak: Love and Thunder first trailer 'coming this week' [INSIGHT] Back in August, Hardy himself seemed clear it was the end goal as well. Speaking to Esquire, he teased: "I would be remiss if I wasn't trying to steer any kind of connectivity. I wouldn't be doing the job if I wasn't awake and open to any opportunity or eventuality or be excited by that. Obviously, that's a large canyon to leap, to be bridged by one person alone, and it would take a much higher level of diplomacy and intelligence, sitting down and talking, to take on an arena such as that." He added: "Should both sides be willing, and it be beneficial to both sides, I don't see why it couldn't be. I hope and strongly, with both hands, push, eagerly, towards that potential, and would do anything to make that happen, within what's right in business. But it would be foolish not to head towards the Olympic Games if you were running 100 metres, so yeah! I want to play on that field."  Spider-Man and Venom have been at each other’s throats since the alien was first introduced in 1988 in the Marvel comic books. A clear fan-favourite that is making waves in pop culture right now, he was recently teased in Spider-Man 2, the sequel to Spider-Man PS4. After the colossal success of No Way Home to the tune of $1.8 billion, it is hard to predict how Sony could possibly top the excitement for that film. Tom Hardy vs Tom Holland could be the obvious solution. Spider-Man: No Way Home will be available to buy on Blu-Ray and digital download on April 2. Venom: Let There Be Carnage is available to buy or rent now on Amazon Prime Video. 