One Of Us Is Lying is a mystery drama on Netflix and the series is based on the book of the same name by Karen M. McManus. The TV adaptation follows five high school students who end up in detention and one of them dies, sparking an investigation. Fans are keen to know whether there will be another series.  Fans will be pleased to hear the series has already been renewed for a second season. The show originally aired on Peacock in October 2021 before making its Netflix debut. In January 2022 the series was renewed but not much is known about when it will air. Erica Saleh, who adapted the novel, will take over as showrunner for the second outing. READ MORE: Who killed Simon in One Of Us Is Lying? The finale of the first season solved the mystery of who killed Simon (played by Mark McKenna) but plenty of questions remain. The cliffhanger ending saw Addy (Annalisa Cochrane), Cooper (Chibuikem Uche), Bronwyn (Marianly Tejada), Nate (Cooper van Groote) and Simon’s best friend (Jessica McLeod) receive text messages from a user named 'Simon Says'. The mystery messenger found out what happened to Jake (Barrett Carnahan). Season two could be based on the novel's sequel titled One Of Us Is Next. However Deadline Hollywood said it could deviate from the book to pick up straight after the events of the season one finale. Lisa Katz, president of scripted content at NBCUniversal Television and Streaming, said: "The fandom behind the series is incredibly passionate. "And we can’t wait to deliver more twists and turns that will leave viewers on the edge of their seats." Showrunner Erica Saleh added: "We are so happy with the reception of season one. "And are beyond thrilled that we get to continue our story in season two. "We can’t wait to bring more mystery to the halls of Bayview High.” DON'T MISS... Anna Delvey boyfriend: Who is Anna Delvey's boyfriend? [INSIGHT] Inventing Anna: Is Anna Delvey still in jail? [EXPLAINER] Ozark season 4: Ruth Langmore killing spree 'sealed' in haunting clue [DISCUSSION] As for who will star in the upcoming season, Simon and Jake will obviously not be making a comeback. However, the rest of the group should return to see the mystery unravel further. Addy, Cooper and Janae ended up in a fight with Jake, with one of the trio shooting the latter character dead. However, it was not revealed who pulled the trigger, which sets things up nicely for a second season. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the future of the series. ReDemon said: "My prediction game is getting weak. "It took me six episodes to figure it out that Jake did it and two to figure that Simon was not above faking his death. "Was a very intriguing show. Season 2 is going to ruin everything. #OneOfUsIsLying." Chlo added: "Just finished #oneofusislying, and I’m obsessed. Can’t wait for season 2."  One Of Us Is Lying season 1 is on Netflix now.