Then its parent company, Truly Holdings, folded late last year and the couple, along with thousands of others, were plunged into more stressful uncertainty.  ++ If you've been affected by this issue or feel you've been a victim of injustice, please contact consumer champion Maisha Frost on maisha.frost@express.co.uk ++; Not having that special time had been a huge disappointment for Joanne and Daniel, but being £1,000 out of pocket too made it even worse for them and their three children. “If I don’t work I don’t get paid and money is getting tighter with everything going up. My wife’s health is not always the best and having that cash, some of which was our wedding present money, would really help,” Daniel explained to Crusader. “I’ve been calling Teletext for months and now we’re told they have gone under, it’s such a worry, please help.” After years together the pair tied the knot in 2019 and their honeymoon package was set for Tenerife in 2020. They upgraded in 2021 after it was cancelled. “We’d travelled with Teletext before and it had been fine,” says Daniel. “Our only option was to accept a voucher and we decided in the circumstances to rebook. But after that when the time came to settle the full amount - over £2,000 - I was advised not too as it was going to be cancelled again. “In hindsight I’m very glad now we took that guidance and held off. But then we were in limbo. I kept calling to find out what was going on and was always told ‘wait a couple of days and the money will be with you’, but it never was.” Truly Holdings was liquidated in December – a situation that usually leaves nothing for ordinary customers who go to the back of any creditors’ queue. However Teletext had been a member of the Travel Trust Association (TTA) network, the only one in the UK offering 100 per cent financial protection for customers. Daniel sent in a claim and asked Crusader for help when he did not hear. “I sent the details through an email box and we’re not sure even if it has been received,” he explained. While appreciating the flood of claims TTA has had to deal with, we then kept asking it to confirm that it had Daniel’s and how it was faring. Last week the family’s long wait was over. “We’ve just heard the money is on its way, your backing helped so much,” Daniel told Crusader. -------- Last year watchdog the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) launched court action against Teletext Holidays and sister company Alpharooms over delays refunding package holiday customers. “Due to the action that we’ve taken, Teletext paid back over £7 million to thousands of customers,” the CMA said last week. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest “We encourage any package travel customers with outstanding refunds to submit a claim to the Travel Trust Association. “We continue to seek a court ruling that these companies broke the law. This would provide further certainty to people still waiting for refunds and make it easier for people to obtain refunds in future if their holiday is cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.” In its recent update on the refund situation, the Travel Trust Association (thetravelnetworkgroup.co.uk) said: “Our team continues to work through a large number of claims submitted – sometimes customers of Truly Travel will make submissions under Alpha Holidays process too (and the other way around), which duplicates the work and delays the validation process. “There are also a large number of Irish customers who have booked package holidays with Alpha Holidays and the process for them is different – they should submit a claim to Hiscox Insurance https://www.edgerecovery.com/trulyalpha/. “We are currently sending a weekly update to all customers awaiting a refund, to advise them of the progress made by our team – all customers with valid claims are contacted in date-of-departure order, with departures ranging March 2020 – December 2023.”