The incredible jump in numbers was recorded between June and November last year as face-to-face appointments at the Jobcentre were brought back. However, “the worst could be yet to come,” according to The Mirror, as claimants are reminded what actions will see their benefits getting sliced. Sanctions were originally suspended during the first Covid lockdown but even after they were reinstated they remained at incredibly low levels. However, since the Department for Work and Pensions has brought face-to-face Jobcentre appointments back the rates have skyrocketed. This is because missing an appointment will see recipients have their benefits either cut or stopped altogether. Additionally, new rules for Universal Credit is adding more opportunities for claimants to be sanctioned due to the Way to Work scheme. READ MORE: Pension changes loom and it could threaten Britons’ retirement  This new rule will threaten claimants with sanctions if they are not willing to venture outside of their chosen career field after four weeks. It is said that this is to encourage employment as record number of vacancies are seen as the pandemic eases. However, the high sanction rate isn’t just abnormal when reviewing the pandemic-era data, but also pre-pandemic information. December 2020, when Covid was a far-off barely heard of term, 34,473 Universal Credit claimants were sanctioned. October 2021 was the first time since that sanction numbers went back to this level at 41,106 while November 2021 continued to rise to almost 50,000 sanctions. The shocking increase coincides with the rising cost of living, energy bills and inflation, all reasons Britons would want to keep every penny they deserve. Benefits recipients will likely see inflation eat into their payments as the current 5.5 percent is forecast to rise as much as seven percent. While benefits and state pension will also increase in April by a dismal 3.1 percent in comparison. Sanctions reduce the amount of Universal Credit claimants receive and are usually used for those that defy the claimant commitments. If anyone has a joint claim and their partner doesn’t meet the claimant commitments, the joint payment could be reduced. The amount that their payment is reduced to will depend on: Sanctions can be incurred for a variety of reasons, with the most common being claimants missing Jobcentre appointments without having a good reason or making the Jobcentre aware. Usually the sanctions will remain in place until another appointment is arranged and actually attended by the claimant. Additionally, failing to meet claimant commitments that have been agreed to without a good reason is also cause for sanctions. Claimants who believe they have been wrongfully sanctioned can ask for an appeal of this decision by asking for mandatory reconsideration.