Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has advised his former club not to sign two Premier League midfielders this summer. United are likely to be busy when the next transfer window opens. The Red Devils will appoint a new permanent manager at the end of the season which could affect the type of player they look to sign. Two players that have been linked with a move to United in the recent past are Wolves star Ruben Neves and Leicester City's Youri Tielemans. Neves was a target for United last summer and has also been of interest to Arsenal. The Standard claimed in January that the Portugal international was still being considered by the Gunners. Speaking on his YouTube show Vibe with Five, Ferdinand admitted he was a fan of Neves. JUST IN: Chelsea's new star man can help ease Thomas Tuchel's Romelu Lukaku issues  Ferdinand said: "I like him, he’s fantastic, he keeps the ball as well as anyone, a really good footballer." However, that doesn't appear enough for him to want United to sign him. Ferdinand was asked if he would like to see a midfield trio of Neves, Tielemans and Bruno Fernandes at Old Trafford. But the former England captain insisted that would not be good enough to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool for major honours. DON'T MISSChelsea expected XI vs Lille after Thomas Tuchel's revelation about six stars [TEAM NEWS]Why Man Utd have never appointed Diego Simeone as manager despite Atletico Madrid success [COMMENT]Mohamed Salah sent Kenny Dalglish message as Liverpool star warned over Anfield exit [QUOTES]  "That wouldn’t be my choice, I’ve got to be honest," Ferdinand responded. "I like them, good players, but if you think that midfield is getting you any closer to the other teams I’d argue against it. "Mobility-wise we’d be lacking." Like Neves, Tielemans has also been linked with a move to Arsenal.  The Belgium international is out of contract at Leicester at the end of next season. Football.london reported in January that the Gunners were keen on Tielemans and that talks had been held. Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers admitted earlier this month that Tielemans is at a point where other clubs will show an interest in him. "Yeah absolutely, but that can be the same for a number of players in the squad," the former Celtic manager told Sky Sports.  "With his contract running down then I'm pretty sure there will be teams looking at him but I'm also a realist as well. "We are real as a football club. You'll get people asking if we can hang on to these players for the next six or seven years but the reality is that if a player does really well at Leicester, he may want to leave and move on to another club. "For us, it's just about being ready for that." 