Chesney Brown (played by Sam Aston) has been finding it difficult to raise his eldest son Joseph (William Flanagan) alongside his quadruplets on the ITV soap. In scenes yet to air on Coronation Street, Chesney is set to try and prevent Joseph from moving abroad with his grandmother Linda Hancock (Jacqueline Leonard). If their plane has taken off before Chesney arrives at the airport, will he book a one-way ticket to Portugal to try and track down his son?  Weatherfield youngster Joseph has been struggling at home recently as his dad has been finding it hard to raise quadruplets. Things took a dramatic turn when his estranged grandmother Linda returned to the cobbles for a visit in recent weeks. Linda had been keen to help the Winter-Brown family after noticing how much Chesney appeared to be struggling both emotionally and financially. Coronation Street fans will know Linda tentatively suggested to Chesney it might be best if Joseph came to live with her in Portugal. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? A protective Chesney warned her to stay away from his son, but Joseph later approached his grandmother and she asked him outright if he wanted to live with her. Since then Chesney has been coming to terms with the fact Joseph might prefer being raised by Linda. In scenes yet to air on the ITV soap, Linda calls at their family home to collect Joseph for school. While the youngster is at school, Chesney admits to his partner Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) that Linda can provide a better life for Joseph.  Later on, Chesney takes a deep breath and tells his son he is prepared to let him move to Portugal with his grandmother. However, he has no idea Joseph is inwardly gutted at the idea of leaving the cobbles. Chesney decides to meet up with Linda in the Rovers Return and tells her she can give Joseph the life he deserves. But an emergency causes Linda to knock on Chesney's door later that day and explain she needed to fly back to Portugal that evening. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST]Corrie's Tina O’Brien inundated with praise as daughter lands TV role [MUST SEE]Coronation Street’s Steve McDonald devastated as Emma leaves? [SPOILER] When Joseph assured his grandmother he will go too, Chesney and Gemma reel in shock. Despite feeling heartbroken, Chesney convinces himself he has only got his son's best interests at heart. After Joseph packs up his belongings, a tearful Chesney, Gemma, Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine), Bernie Winter (Jane Hazlegrove), Hope Stape (Harriet Atkins) and Ruby Dobbs (Macy Alabi) wave Joseph and Linda off in their taxi. However, Chesney is left horrified when Hope later reveals Joseph did not actually want to go to Portugal but felt his family couldn't afford to keep him.  A panicky Chesney and Gemma set off for the airport in pursuit of Joseph, but will they reach him in time? If they have boarded their plane before Chesney arrives at the airport, will he decide to leave his family behind to track down Joseph? Let's hope Linda has provided Chesney with her address and does not cut him off so she has Joseph to herself. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV. 