Antiques Roadshow visited the Ulster Folk Museum near Belfast last weekend as Steven Moore evaluated four teacups from a luxury ocean liner. However, the BBC expert left the guest stunned when he revealed the set was linked to the titanic and was worth an impressive £2,000. Steven began: “I love how my colleagues in the picture department will read a painting. “They're looking at, what the colours mean what the symbolism means, and sort of telling the story because of that. “But you can read ceramics as well. What do you read into these?” “First thing I think of is they don't match,” the guest replied. “Okay, because of the brown and the turquoise on the saucer?” Steven clarified. “Yeah, that's the first thing I think about and then I recognise the symbol on the front of them,” she replied. Read more: Antiques Roadshow expert unveils value of RAF clock bought for £20 The antique expert questioned: “So where did you find them?” The guest revealed she often frequented car boot sales which is where she found these items. “I was looking for a cake stand and I bought a couple of different boxes of crockery,” she explained. Steven said: “But your initial thought was they don't really match. “Well, they do match. First of all, this is the right pattern and these are cups and sources from a White Star ship. “Not the Titanic, that would be quite difficult. If they were from the Titanic, I would be standing back and saying these are worth a lot of money.” “But they could have been from the Olympic or the Britannic the sister-ships, which of course, were virtually the same,” he continued. “And all the White Star Lines had this White Star china. These were from the first-class accommodation so if you went down for breakfast, afternoon tea, these are the cups you drink from. “And of course what's great about what I said about reading [ceramics], the shape of them have you ever thought about why they’re that shape?” DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow expert 'amazed' by brooch with royal connection [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by Winston Churchill paperweight  [VIDEO]Bargain Hunt's Natasha Raskin Sharp shares rare insight into marriage [TWITTER] The guest admitted she hadn’t before Steven explained: “You are an elegant Edwardian lady and you have your beautiful lace with your hat and your parasol and you're coming down for breakfast and of course, the ship is swaying a bit, your tea is going to be swaying the same. “Of course, with this curved bit the tea will slosh and go back in so it won’t go down your lovely dress. “But the awful thing is they’re actually not that nice to drink from because of course the cup is curving away. A cup should normally sit on your lip but this curves away so it must have been a bit weird.” “It feels daft drinking when there’s no tea there,” he joked. “But these are absolutely right and they put a lot of thought into the design and because of that association with the Titanic, which was built just up the road in Belfast these are valuable even though you thought they didn't match.” Steven revealed the four cups and saucers were worth £500 each and so £2,000 for the collection. Stunned, the guest said: “Seriously, for those? Oh my goodness that’s so exciting.” “Well played,” Steven commented and the owner replied: “Thank you.” He later added: “These cups are £500 each, if you were to go down to the wreck of the titanic those cups from the titanic itself would be 10s of thousands of pounds and that’s the magic of provenance.” Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.