Following Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's successful trip to Denmark this week, Buckingham Palace has announced a flurry of Platinum Jubilee tours abroad for several members of the Royal Family this year. Here is the full timeline of when and where each royal will be going to mark seven decades of the Queen's reign in 2022. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to visit the Caribbean, touring Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas - March 19 to 26 According to Kensington Palace, Kate and William will be exploring Belize's biodiversity during their visit, fitting with William and Kate's environmental royal agenda. The Cambridge's will also visit historic Mayan sites, as well as celebrate the rich culture of the Garifuna community in Belize. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "Throughout their visit, the Duke and Duchess will take the opportunity to commemorate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Early cracks in Charles and Diana's relationship were obvious - expert "Their programme will also touch on a number of themes that are close to Their Royal Highnesses' hearts and a key focus of their work with The Royal Foundation, including The Earthshot Prize, mental health and the importance of early childhood to lifelong outcomes." She added: "Their Royal Highnesses are very much looking forward to the visit, which will be their first joint official overseas tour since the onset of COVID-19 in 2020." The Duke and Duchess are also keen to learn more about the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Caribbean and how communities have coped. The spokeswoman added: "As with previous overseas visits, the Duke and Duchess have asked that this tour allows them to meet as many local people as possible."  Other Royal Family tours this year include: DON'T MISS:The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert ballot opens: How to get tickets [INSIGHT]Kate, William and rest of Firm prepare for Jubilee tours abroad [REPORT]Camilla announces key priority as Queen - 'Wonderful endorsement' [INTERVIEW]  The Queen is not expected to go on tour abroad to mark her Platinum Jubilee year. The monarch, 95, stopped travelling abroad a few years ago, but several of her senior working royals will be representing the crown abroad over the coming months. In past jubilee years, members of the Royal Family have embarked on royal tours overseas to mark the Queen's milestones. The Queen is, however, expected to be present for the UK's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. A four-day bank holiday will run from June 2 to June 5, and preparations for the star-studded celebration have been in the works for years. The Queen's annual birthday parade, Trooping the Colour, will be held on Thursday, June 2, and the Queen is expected to make her traditional Buckingham Palace balcony appearance with other members of the Royal Family. The Queen's long reign is also being marked with the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday, June 4, along with several other celebratory events.