I had to read some of it twice to check he’d really said what I thought he had, because at times he offers direct guidance to Andrew on how he should fight his corner. You wouldn’t catch a British barrister dishing out free legal advice to the other side. Speaking to Celia Walden (Piers Morgan’s better half) in the Daily Telegraph this week, David Boies, Virginia Giuffre’s New York attorney, appears disbelieving, even stunned, by Andrew’s legal strategy. Giuffre of course claims she was trafficked by Andrew’s friend Jeffrey Epstein and forced to have sex with the Duke on three occasions when she was 17. That’s underage in America. Claims Andrew vehemently denies Referring to Andrew’s claims not to remember even meeting “this lady”, the now-infamous “I can’t sweat” claim, the Woking Pizza Express defence, and attempts to challenge the genuineness of “that” photograph of him with the teenager, the attorney actually offers the Duke an alternative blueprint for how he should be fighting the case. “He could have said: ‘I didn’t know she was underage.’ He could have said: ‘This was an entirely consensual affair.’ “There are a number of things he could have said that would have been hard for me to attack. But this [Andrew’s ‘I don’t sweat’ and ‘I don’t remember’ stance] is just… incomprehensible.” Of course, it’s too late now. The Duke has nailed his colours to the mast of his own choosing and there’s no going back. Boies believes Andrew will regret making such blanket denials, and his accompanying attempt to impugn Giuffre’s character.  The problem for the Prince is that he’s detailed his rebuttal in legal documents that have now been delivered to the New York court. That commits him to a line of defence that Boies believes will quickly fall apart. “Blanket denials coupled with attacks on the victim are simply not a very credible defence,” he says. “Particularly in view of all the evidence we have against him. If we didn’t have the photographs, if we didn’t have other people identifying him, that would be one thing. But as things stand, denying and victim-shaming is not a plausible defence strategy.” If the case comes to court, Boies says the Prince’s car-crash Newsnight interview with Emily Maitlis will almost certainly be played in full to a jury. The lawyer predicts that Andrew’s performance won’t go down well with them because he failed to show the slightest concern for Epstein’s victims. “As for those photos of him scurrying from castle to castle, trying to avoid the legal process... they just delayed the inevitable and made him look guilty.” In my years as an on-the-road TV reporter, I grew accustomed to the occasional prat positioning themselves in shot just behind me, gurning idiotically at the camera or shouting incomprehensible political slogans. It came with the territory. But as most of my reports were pre-recorded, it didn’t matter. The crew and I would just wait for the interloper to get bored and wander off, and we’d start again. These days much more on-the-spot reporting is done live, thanks to vastly improved and cheap communications technology. So anyone can get their five seconds of fame by hijacking a correspondent’s news slot. But microphones are much more directional now, and these batty folk don’t realise that we simply can’t hear what they’re banging on about. The only appreciable effect they have is to put the poor reporter off his or her stroke and irritate the viewers. In fact, they actively damage whatever cause it is they are trying to promote because they appear both foolish and ineffective. Far better to launch a protest podcast. It’s what’s called moving with the times. Didn’t Kate look fantastic at Twickenham this week, tackling her new role as patron of English rugby? Not a hint of the sulky sense of entitlement that seeps from Harry and Andrew. Just upbeat, happy enthusiasm and a real sense of fun. So refreshing after all the finger-waving from the Markles and Andrew’s evasions. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: Kate will make us a wonderful queen. “And God said ‘Let there be light’, and there was light, and God saw that the light was good.” So he would probably take a dim view at the goings-on down at Truro, where for years the beautiful spires of the cathedral have been illuminated at night, “a beacon of hope and light in the darkness”. No more. The floodlights will be permanently switched off to save the planet. Don’t expect any glaciers to stop melting, though ‑ the annual CO2 produced by the bulbs is barely half of that emitted by a single car. Green virtue-signalling. The new Puritanism. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea