The Last Kingdom season five is coming to Netflix in March and the Anglo-Saxon series will be wrapping up some storylines. However, a few new friends and enemies will be introduced as obstacles for protagonist Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) and the other main stars. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new character Cynlaef.  The Last Kingdom season five has taken inspiration from books nine and 10 of The Saxon Stories. Novels Warriors of the Storm and The Flame Bearer, by Bernard Cornwell, include some new faces being introduced. One of which is Cynlaef, and the official Instagram page for the series gave some insight into the character. A quote was shared alongside a photo, which said: "Whatever the danger I am man enough to face it." Fans took to the comments to share their thoughts on who the character could be. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5 release date: Has the series been delayed? Cathixmay said: "This looks like it could be Sihtrics son they look very similar." [Sic] Cynlaef Haraldson is actually one of Aethelflaed's (Millie Brady) warriors in the original books. Taking to Reddit to discuss the character, Angamofica said: "I remember him now. He was supposed to marry her daughter and rebelled or something like that?" BigRed55555 said in another post: "Re-reading Chapter 1 of War of The Wolf I found this passage. "'The truth, of course, was that Cynlæf wanted to be King of Mercia himself. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Will Brida's backstory be told? "'He was young, he was handsome, he was brave in battle, and, to my mind, stupid. "'His ambition was to defeat the West Saxons, rescue his bride from her convent, and be crowned'. "But still not sure yet why he chose to take Ceaster." The character also appears in the book War of the Wolf, which is the 11th novel. Cynleaf, the rebel leader, ends up trapped and surrounded by Aethelstan’s (Harry Gilby) soldiers. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Domnal? [EXPLAINER]The Last Kingdom season 5: Uhtred's son to play major role in finale? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Will Sihtric die as star lands new role? [DISCUSSION] However, in the series he plays a very different role. A warrior in training at Rumcofa, and one of Aethelstan’s (Harry Gilby) closest friends, Cynlaef quickly catches the eye of Aelfwynn (Phia Saban). Though their relationship is frowned upon, they will have to conquer hardships to be reunited. Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) did not imagine her daughter to take a liking to someone like Cynlaef. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: How long will the time jump be? However, having been around Uhtred for so long, Cynlaef has learned how to be respectful. Ryan Quarmby is set to play the warrior in the final season of the historical drama. The 10-episode season will air on March 9 and will be followed by the feature-length film, Seven Kings Must Die.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now