Tyson Fury has aimed fun at Dillian Whyte after leaving it late to sign the contract for their WBC heavyweight title fight. Fury and Whyte are expected to square off in the boxing ring on April 23, with Wembley Stadium being touted as a potential venue. Concerns were creeping in that Whyte was going to leave the undefeated two-time heavyweight champion hanging by not signing the contract. The 33-year-old had until 6am on Tuesday to put pen to paper but spent the weekend and Monday stalling over details. However, the necessary paperwork has officially been finalised, signed and lodged to the WBC, with the British duo primed to clash in two months. And Fury quickly reacted to the news on social media by mocking Whyte's alleged 'mind games' attempts by leaving it until the 11th hour. JUST IN: Dillian Whyte signs contract for Tyson Fury world-title showdown He said in a video: "Oh my god, Dillian Whyte signed his contract for $8million; what a surprise! "[He's] an absolute idiot. Should this even be a talking point? 'Man signs for the biggest payday he's ever going to get in his life'. He sarcastically continued: "My god, my head hurts from all the mind games that Dillian Whyte has been playing on me. "Oh my god, I'm so sore, I don't know whether I'm coming or going, my training camp's a mess!" READ MORE: Phil Foden's mum gets punched in face by a man in fight Shortly after, Fury posted another video onto Twitter showing him on an exercise bike alongside former WBO heavyweight champion Joseph Parker. And he sent a passionate warning to the Body Snatcher ahead of their April meeting in the ring. "I'm going to absolutely bust Dillian Whyte like a f*****g cheap water balloon," Fury loudly claimed. Pointing the camera at Parker, he added: "And when I'm finished with him, Joe Parker's going to set him off because you're useless, you big dosser, you big sausage." Whyte is the WBC interim champion after winning his rematch against Alexander Povetkin in March 2021. But he will challenge the Gypsy King for the right to become WBC heavyweight champion after claiming a mandatory title shot for his KO victory over Povetkin. Fury last defended his title with an 11th-round knockout of Deontay Wilder in October, but he has not fought in the UK since beating Francesco Pianeta in August 2018. It should be a significant payday for both athletes, with Fury receiving 80 per cent of the purse, which will come to around £20million. Whyte looked to negotiate a more significant chunk, but he is set to earn his biggest sum to date of at least £5.6m, and there is an additional £3.1 for the winner.