Amazon customers can get a whopping £40 saving on the price of the 4th gen Echo Dot smart speaker and one month's access to Amazon Music Unlimited. The 4th gen Echo Dot speaker usually costs £49.99 on its own, but right now you can get this Alexa gadget with access to Music Unlimited for £17.98 if you're a Prime member or £19.98 if you're not a subscriber. If you want to take advantage of this incredible money saving deal then you need to act quick, with the offer running out after Monday February 28. The deal essentially brings the price of the 4th gen Echo Dot, which launched back in October 2020, to just £9.99. That's the cheapest the Alexa-powered speaker has ever been. For those looking to pick up this bargain Echo Dot deal from Amazon there's a few things you need to know. To grab this deal you need to be a new Amazon Music Unlimited subscriber as well as a new Echo device customer. So you can't already be a Music Unlimited subscriber or be enjoying a separate free trial to be eligible for this offer. The Echo Dot deal will also include auto-renew on Music Unlimited so if you don't want to be charged for the service after your first month's access finishes then you'll need to cancel before. If you're an Amazon Prime member then Music Unlimited will cost you £7.99 a month, while for non-Prime subscribers it's £9.99.  For anyone that is eligible for the offer, who has been thinking of picking up an Echo Dot for awhile, then this is an absolutely unmissable deal you'll want to grab before it runs out. The 4th gen Echo Dot which is included in this deal has never been priced this low, and the deal means the latest Echo Dot model is considerable cheaper than the 3rd gen Echo Dot which usually is the best option to get for those on a budget. At the time of writing the 3rd gen Echo Dot is listed at full price (£39.99) on the Amazon UK website. If you do end up picking up the 4th gen Echo Dot over its elder sibling then you'll benefit from a number of improvements and changes. The most obvious of which is the design, with the 4th gen speaker boasting an eye-catching ball-shape design as opposed to the disc-shaped look of the 3rd gen speaker. This new look, which makes the 4th gen Echo Dot slightly bigger than its predecessor, also helps to provide improve sound quality.  Not only that, but if you're keen on doing your bit to help the environment then the 4th gen Echo Dot is a great choice. That's because the latest Echo Dot is made from 50 percent recycled plastics as well as 100 percent recycled aluminimum and fabric. The 4th gen Echo Dot also supports the playback of lossless (aka CD quality) audio, which is great news as Amazon Music Unlimited's library of over 75million songs is available in the lossless format. Amazon dubs this HD audio, and Music Unlimited also has seven million songs in Ultra HD audio. This is what Amazon calls better than CD quality streaming. This is one huge advantage that Amazon Music Unlimited boasts over its big rival Spotify. The leading music streaming service is planning on launching its own lossless library dubbed Spotify HiFi, but despite this meant to launch in 2022 a release date hasn't been confirmed yet. Amazon Music Unlimited also offers access to curated playlists, millions of podcast episodes and works brilliant when used alongside an Amazon Echo device. 