This rollout will be complete by the end of August this year. More specifically, a phased rollout will occur in March 2022.  This will take place across all 32 local council areas. Adult Disability Payment will be a new payment for working adults in Scotland who are under state pension age. A person can qualify only if they do not already claim disability benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). The Scottish Government has confirmed those people already receiving disability benefits through DWP will have their awards transferred to Social Security Scotland on August 29, 2022.  This will not interrupt their existing claim nor will they have to apply for the new Adult Disability Payment. A person's Adult Disability Payment will begin the day after their PIP benefit ends. The Scottish Government has published a new policy paper explaining how the new benefit will differ from PIP. They state that they are funding an independent advocacy service to support applicants.  They will not adopt DWP-style assessments for the new benefit. In addition, the application for the new Adult Disability Payment will not include any functional examinations. Social Security Scotland will instead collect one piece of formal supporting information when making a decision on an applicant. However, they will seek to gather various sources of information from applicants' families, carers and friends.  People will also be able to apply using multiple different channels including online, by post, over the phone or face-to-face. Anyone who wishes to formally challenge a Adult Disability Payment decision will be able to access short-term assistance when doing so. Social Security Scotland will fast-track applications from the terminally ill. The Scottish Government has also committed to undertaking an independent review of Adult Disability Payment within a year of its full introduction.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This will be to consider the eligibility criteria, gather feedback from people who have applied and collect data to inform any proposed changes. Social Security Scotland has also been working with relevant organisations to develop all aspects of the disability benefit application process. The goal is for Social Security Scotland local delivery teams to be available to provide assistance in all 32 local authority areas. PIP is currently made up of two components - daily living and mobility. Whether a person gets one or both of these payments depends on how severely their condition affects their day-to-day activities. 