A grease stain is a fatty stain, particularly difficult to get rid of. Now a cleanfluencer has solved the mystery with her easy and cheap tip. A grease stain comes from fatty substances such as butter, meat fat, body lotions, and creams. They are not soluble in water, which makes them particularly difficult to remove. It's important to act fast with a grease stain, following the Cleaning Fairy Godmother's advice. Jen Needham, also known as the Cleaning Fairy Godmother is a cleaning guru with a huge 800k followers on TikTok. READ MORE: ‘Cuts through the grease’: Mrs Hinch fans share 89p hack for cleaning oven doors She also posts her cleaning advice to @clean_with_jen on Instagram. The cleaning guru previously detailed a bicarbonate of soda cleaning hack to leave surfaces shining. No1, Jen has addressed how she tackles grease, including how to remove it from the oven and how to remove grease stains. Jen told Express.co.uk: "For anything greasy on surfaces hot water and washing up liquid does a great job." DON'T MISSHow to wash your bed sheets [HOW TO]How to bring your grass ‘back to life’ in time for spring [LAWN] ‘One easy trick’ to get an orchid to re-flower [PLANTS] Jen also detailed how to get rid of grease stains on clothes. She uses a household must-have and a toothbrush. Jen said: "I apply washing up liquid and gently rub with an old toothbrush." If in doubt, a simple £1 product can solve your problems - Jen said. "Another amazing product for grease is Elbow Grease," she told Express.co.uk. "It works to break down greasy stains on surfaces and clothes." The Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser can be bought on Amazon for £1. It's a cleaning cupboard stalwart and cleanfluencer Mrs. Hinch is a fan. Another cleaning expert disclosed her favourite product to remove stains from the toilet. Clean Mama has over half a million devotees following its weekly cleaning schedule, tips and tricks. Rebecca Rapinchuk, the founder of the online platform, said: "Weekly scrubbing of the toilet helps and a Pumie, a pumice stone that's designed to be used in the toilet. "A Pumie helps to remove any hard water stains naturally."