Putin's losses now total 2,800 troops, 80 tanks, 516 armoured vehicles, 10 aeroplanes and seven helicopters, according to new totals released by Kyiv's defence ministry. Ukrainian forces had claimed they had struck an airfield in Millerovo in Rostov, southern Russia - demolishing at least one of Russia's fighter jets. A Russian fighter jet was downed over Kyiv earlier today, with Ukrainian forces then hitting an airfield in Millerovo in Rostov, southern Russia, destroying at least one Russian Su-30SM fighter jet. By the end of last night (Thursday), the forces also claimed to have shot down at least six Russian helicopters during an intense battle for the Gostomel air base. Another helicopter came under heavy fire from opposing gunfire and was forced to make an emergency landing at the field. Earlier on Thursday, the skies over Kyiv were filled with Russian helicopters that pounded the air base's runway. But they encountered a courageous Ukrainian fightback, with forces moving to reclaim the air field by shooting down the Russian helicopters. Russia has claimed it has captured more than 160 Ukrainian troops; destroyed 74 Ukrainian military ground facilities; shot down five fighter jets and one helicopter; and taken out 18 tanks. During the past 24 hours, around 37 Ukrainians, including several civilians, have been killed and hundreds others injured in fighting. Russian troops had been approaching the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv after advancing from Chernobyl, less than 60 miles north of the city. READ MORE: Now China turns back on Putin – Russia hemorrhaging allies  Ukrainian troops had quickly taken up positions across highways, on bridges and on street corners to prepare themselves for what many believe could be a brutal battle wigh Russian opposition over the weekend. The Ukrainians also reported their MiG jets shot down at least one Mi-8 helicopter. In addition, Ukrainian forces claimed to have shot down six Russian jets sky over the eastern Donbass region while another plane appeared to fall from the skies near the capital. On Thursday evening, the Russian Defence Ministry said one of its Antonov An-26 transport planes carrying military equipment crashed in the southern Voronezh region near Ukraine, killing all crew members on board. DON'T MISSRussian troops abandon tank in Ukraine as Putin's military beaten back [PICTURES]Zelenskyy warns 'might be last time you see me alive' [VIDEOThe mask slips! REAL reason spineless EU threw Ukraine under bus [ANALYSIS]  The Defence Ministry said in a statement: "During a planned flight to transport military equipment, an An-26 aircraft of the Russian aerospace forces crashed. The crew died." The crash was blamed by the ministry on an equipment failure, which it said had not caused any destruction on the ground. By the end of Thursday, Ukrainian forces had destroyed dozens of Russian tanks along the eastern and northern borders. The country's Defence Ministry also claimed to have destroyed "up to" 130 armoured fighter vehicles.  Early on Friday, at least one more BMP tank had been captured, along with the crew of four Russian soldiers. Midway through this afternoon, troops had destroyed five armoured transport vehicles during a brutal battle at the Vistupovich-Rudnya border point between Ukraine and Belarus. In addition, 15 Russian T-72 tanks were destroyed or damaged with the use of a US anti-tank missile called the Javelin PTRK later in the afternoon.