Christian Horner has warned Lewis Hamilton and George Russell that “there’s more to come” from the Red Bull cars as preparations for the new F1 season continue. The first Grand Prix of 2022 is set to take place in Bahrain on Sunday, March 20. F1 drivers were in Barcelona last week to get a feel for their new cars during pre-season testing. Hamilton finished top of the timesheet after 24 hours of action, with Russell following closely behind. The Red Bull pairing of Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen recorded the third and fourth best times respectively, with initial indications suggesting last season’s top two teams are in the driving seat to dominate once again this time around. Cars have been revamped ahead of the new season after F1 introduced a whole host of rule changes in an attempt to improve the sport. And Horner doesn’t think the Mercedes duo should get used to occupying the top two places. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes retirement confession ahead of new F1 season  “I think there's more to come,” Horner said after testing had come to an end. “We're just scratching the surface of the potential of these cars - so I think you'll see another step in Bahrain. “I think there'll be quite a steep curve. I think that every week we're finding more performance. “And you've got to think there's going to be close to one second and a half to two seconds with the development during the course of the year.” DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton responds when asked where Mercedes stand vs Red Bull, Ferrari and McLarenNikita Mazepin: Four F1 drivers who could replace Russian if Haas terminate his contractCarlos Sainz details Ferrari aim behind the scenes that will worry Mercedes and Red Bull  The new regulations will make it easier for drivers to race wheel-to-wheel and overtake. Cars are now heavier and will generate larger amounts of ground effect downforce as they will use underfloor tunnels. Front wings have been redesigned, while the size of wheels has increased from 13 inches to 18 inches. And Horner insists Verstappen and Perez were encouraged by their new cars in Barcelona.   “It's been good, positive,” Horner added. “I think Max has enjoyed driving the car - he's been complimentary about it. “Checo's feedback has been very consistent with Max's - so that's always an encouraging sign. “I think that obviously we're operating in temperatures that we won't see too much of, maybe other than Silverstone, throughout the year - so it's very much a learning curve with these tyres.” Testing ahead of the new season is set to continue in Bahrain on Thursday, March 10 as teams put their final touches in place ahead of the opening Grand Prix. 