Based in Ellesmere Port with a team of 21, the business has become a one-stop shop for bespoke UK automotive solutions. Leading the way most recently is its electric drive conversions, where it customises the basic frame or chassis of a minibus or light truck made by a global manufacturer. The company has also played a key role in safety, notably with the development of its ClearView innovation. This is a life-saving additional side window that is inset lower down on the passenger side door of HGVs and tractor units and enables drivers to see cyclists and pedestrians. Other Astra modifications include safe dual steering installations for vehicles carrying out road markings and controls so vehicles can adapt to low emission zones. Managing director and co-owner John Chadderton explains: “What we do is complicated, but Astra provides wider application of engineering solutions in the 3.5 to 7.2 tonne sector compared to major manufacturers. “They trust Astra to do the work they would not perform in their own factory. We sit in the middle providing the changes. “There is a big need now for a vehicle integrator to provide solutions for minibuses, small coaches and social welfare transport as well as light duty last mile delivery vehicles and those with specialist bodies like cage tippers. Our electric one for Hounslow Council was the first for London.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The market’s huge potential prompted Chadderton and co-founder Bill Critchley to seek growth funding last year and secure £250,000 “in a very smooth process” from Santander UK. The bank’s relationship director Jonathan Barnes sees Astra as playing a key role in reducing emissions in the bespoke market, not least because it’s a rarity. “It’s one of the few companies in the UK to provide this service and we’re pleased to support it leading the way in this important sector,” he explains. Component delays have however made Astra more cautious about predicting turnover will double to £5 million plus this year. Veterans of the automotive industry and economic upheavals from when they started Astra in 2005, current delays and inflation are beyond what they have encountered before, says Chadderton. “Offering diverse services got us through the credit crunch and our cash flow is good. “We are converting a mobile library from diesel to electric for our local authority Cheshire West and Chester Council and also have an electric vehicle traffic management project underway. During Covid we worked remotely with our electric kits producer in Lithuania so we were able to complete installations. “We’re ready to do quick conversions. But global supply chain issues are delaying the arrival of new vehicles. Those that are arriving are also often short of finishing parts. “Price increases are staggering, 37 per cent for one standard component and one manufacturer has advised a 16 per cent average rise. “We will get through it. We’re in the right place at the right time and we are determined our superb technical skills will be a legacy for the next generation.”