Northern Europe has faced three major storms in just five days after Storm Franklin hit the continent from the North Atlantic on Sunday. Heavy rainfall and strong winds hit Northern Ireland and parts of England on Monday. Great Britain still has 259 flood alerts and warnings in place. England's Environment Agency even issued two severe flood warnings, on the River Severn at Wharfage and Wribbenhall. An additional 115 flood warnings and 119 flood alerts have also been put in place. The Scottish Environment Protection Agency has issued just three warnings and alerts. In comparison, Natural Resources Wales has six flood warnings and 14 alerts. Such conditions have since crossed the Channel and reached France. JUST IN: UK snow charts show EXACT time and location snow to strike Britain this week A French couple in their seventies reportedly died on Sunday after their car was swept into the Channel near a small town in Normandy. Herve Bougon, the Mayor of Bricqueville-Sur-Mer, said the car "skidded" in the wind and was "pushed onto its side as it sank into the water". At least 14 people are reported to have died across Europe. In Germany, where the latest storm is known as Antonia, weather warnings were lifted on Monday. However, a study suggests the storm could affect the German environment. READ MORE: Storm Franklin roars in as 77,000 still have no power after Eunice It said: "The current storm situation across Germany will probably again lead to the need to remove damaged trees in many areas." But there is also thought to be an economic cost in Berlin. Insurance broker Aon estimated the successive storm insured damage in Germany had totalled €1.6billion, according to AP. In the neighbouring Netherlands, the Dutch insurers' association believe the three storms have led to €500million in damage. Gusts of winds reached 122mph on Friday as the Isle of Wight was gripped with Storm Eunice. DON'T MISSStorm Franklin to batter UK from midnight - Met Office issue alerts [LATEST]Storm Franklin: EXACT TIME dangerously strong winds will hit UK TODAY [FORECAST]UK floods: Hundreds evacuated amid ‘danger to life’ warning [PICTURES] Hurricane-level winds are believed to start at 74mph. While the Met Office no longer has weather warnings in place, Britain can still expect heavy rain and strong winds. The UK's national weather service said: "Band of rain and strong winds in the north moving south-east and easing. "Sunny spells and scattered showers following, some wintry over northern hills." They added: "Windy on Wednesday and Thursday with rain moving southeast followed by blustery wintry showers, especially in the north. "Friday fine with some sunshine and lighter winds."