The discussion on the spending on Armed forces kicked off after an audience member said that cutting the size of the Armed forces has made Britain look weak to other global players. The member said: “Isn’t part of the base problem that the West as a whole and the UK in particular as well has cut and cut the size of our Armed forces for over the last decade.  “So, no wonder that our countries don’t see us having the same strength that we used to have, and maybe we should be spending more on our Armed forces and less on things like Brexit.” A National Audit Office (NAO) report published on Monday stated that the UK’s Defence Ministry still risks spending more than it can afford on new weapons and equipment because of long standing issues, including over-optimism about programme costs and its ability to hit cost-saving targets. The report points out that the equipment plan proposes an increase of £48 billion to £238 billion between 2021 and 2031 – far exceeding the extra £16.5 billion given by the Government to 2025. Responding to the question raised by the audience member, Mr Lammy said: “We have been very critical of the spending on the Armed forces.  “I am quite sure a future Labour Government would spend more. “It’s clear that the moment we are in, and the reliance that we will need on the United States particularly, because there will now be more troops on the eastern flank, require European countries to step up.” The Defence Ministry will also purchase AH-64 Apache attack helicopters and bolster intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. The British Navy will receive 38.1 billion euros ($43.2 billion) to improve the naval fleet.  READ MORE:‘Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia - warns of MILITARY action The budget is 8 billion euros ($9 billion) higher than the original budget allotted for the service. UK Secretary of State for Defence Ben Wallace explained: “We have entered a new ‘competitive age’ of resurgent authoritarian states and diversifying threats. “As the threat changes, we must adapt, remaining clear-eyed about what capabilities we need, retire those that are less relevant, and invest in areas that will give us a strategic advantage.” In response to Russia’s aggression in Ukraine, Boris Johnson has emphasised that the UK is spending record sums on defence, and has highlighted the Government’s increased spending.  DON'T MISS:UN allocates $20m to Ukraine following Russia’s invasionVictory for Ukraine as troops halt Russian advance at ChernihivZelenskyy warns Russian 'enemy sabotage groups' have entered Kiev The NAO report confirms that this is the highest increase in military spending since 2012, but still emphasises that cuts will have to be made to buy the new equipment. Hosted by Fiona Bruce, the show saw Conservative MP James Cleverly, Foreign Minister, Labour MP David Lammy, shadow Foreign secretary, Timothy Garton Ash, professor of European studies at Oxford University; Anne McElvoy, executive editor at the Economist among others in the panel on Thursday. 