The penultimate episode of the ITV mini-series returned on Monday evening and saw Kathy Powell (played by Sheridan Smith) and her husband Martin (Michael Jibson) watch on helplessly as their son Noah (Louis George Serkis) was sent back to prison. They were meant to be keeping strong for their daughter, Noah's younger sister, Jessica (Lily Sutcliffe) who had been badly affected by the ordeal. However many viewers were left baffled after Jessica was left alone in an apartment in Turkey.   The drama follows the Powells and their holiday in Turkey as Noah suddenly gets arrested and put behind bars on a sex assault charge. The arrest happened after he accepted a seemingly innocent invitation to a beach party. In the latest instalment of the four-part drama, Noah's new defence lawyer argued what happened between the boys was consensual, but to the family's disbelief, the appeal was quickly rejected. His distraught family had to watch on helplessly as Noah was sent back to prison. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute  The stress of the situation reopened old wounds for his parents, but they were trying to remain strong for their two children in the latest episode. However, they both left their daughter alone in the Turkish apartment they were staying in so they could go out for a meal together to discuss Noah's court hearing. When Martin and Kathy returned to the flat Jessica was crying and told them she missed her brother a great deal. "I just wish I could go home and I wish everything was how it used to be," Jessica sobbed.  "I know sweetheart, we all do," Kathy added while she put her arms around her daughter. During the emotional scene, viewers took to social media to blast the parents for leaving Jessica alone by herself in the wake of her brother's ordeal. Swalk fumed: "I would not be leaving my kid in an apartment alone after all the s**t they’ve already been through!!! #NoReturn." Elizabeth Scott added: "#noreturn Her son's in prison and she wants to go out for a meal and drinks? Also leaving her daughter alone after what her son's been through." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEO RY]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [INTERVIEW]'Very rude' BBC Breakfast star horrified by co-star's appearance jibe [MUST SEE]  Capt Pat Dawson remarked: "This story is all over the b****y place. #NoReturn." Craig Darcy quipped: "#Noreturn is doing wonders for the Turkish tourist board… Not." However, some viewers praised the "dramatic" instalment on their social media pages. Shakerite added: "This #noreturn is very good, isn't it? Definitely recommend."  Daniel Brown, who tuned into to watch the show, commented: "#Noreturn is getting dramatic." Later on, in the penultimate episode, Noah started to feel extremely isolated in his cell and a violent attack left him frightened for his life. Will he be able to prove his innocence before he is beaten up in prison again? No Return continues next Monday at 9pm on ITV and episodes are available on ITV Hub. 