Various Government websites in Ukraine have come under a cyber attack from hackers, with some evidence pointing to Russia. Among these websites are that of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Cabinet of Ministers and the Ukrainian parliament, according to reports from Klymenko Time. .  Anastasiia Lapatina, a journalist in Ukraine, tweeted: "Ukraine is likely under another cyber attack. "Also – the parliament’s chairman Ruslan Stefanchuk said an hour ago that there were numerous attempts to break into his and his family’s email accounts, and block their bank cards, among “other” cyber attacks. "The attempt to login into his email was from Russia." This comes moments after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy gave a fiery speech, demanding the European Union "fully stops" the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline with Russia.  Germany on Tuesday halted the Nord Stream 2 Baltic Sea gas pipeline project, designed to double the flow of Russian gas direct to Germany, after Russia formally recognised two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine. Mr Zelenskyy said: "Ukraine welcomes to decisions made yesterday and today to introduce sanctions against the Russian federation by the European Union, the USA, the UK and Canada. "It is very important to fully stop this project which is a weapon. "Their weapon that is already being used against Ukraine, against the whole of Europe." READ MORE: Ukraine FURY as it demands EU ban NordStream2 gas pipeline FOREVER Meanwhile, US Intelligence officials have warned Mr Zelenskyy that Russian President Vladimir Putin is gearing up to launch a full-scale invasion of the neighbouring country within the next 48 hours. Speaking to Newsweek, a US official said: "The President of Ukraine has been warned Russia will highly likely begin an invasion within 48 hours based on U.S. intelligence." "Additionally, reporting from aircraft observers indicates Russia violated Ukrainian airspace earlier today, flying possible reconnaissance aircraft for a short period over Ukraine." The Pentagon in the US believes that this invasion will come in the form of Russian airstrikes, cruise missiles and a ground assault. DON'T MISS: Xi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REVEAL] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [MAPPED] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT] Yesterday, Britain intelligence agencies warned that UK companies could face cyberattacks with "international consequences". In a statement, Britain's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC), a part of the GCHQ eavesdropping intelligence agency, warned British organisations to "bolster their online defences" following the developments in Ukraine. It read: "While the NCSC is not aware of any current specific threats to UK organisations in relation to events in and around Ukraine, there has been an historical pattern of cyber attacks on Ukraine with international consequences." Last week, Ukrainian banking and government websites briefly went offline following a series of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, which the US and Britain said were carried out by Russian military hackers. 