The Ukrainian leader is calling on EU member states heads to admit Ukraine into the bloc as the country continues to face a deadly attack from Russia's military. Mr Zelenskyy is appealing to EU leaders for the use of a special procedure that could allow the country immediate access to the bloc. He said: "Our goal is to be with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be equal. "I'm sure that's fair. I am sure we deserve it." It comes as some EU leaders are scrambling to allow Ukraine into the bloc as soon as possible in a bid to show Vladimir Putin an act of force. EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen backed the proposal on Sunday. She told Euronews: "We have a process with Ukraine that is, for example, integrating the Ukrainian market into the single market. "We have very close cooperation on the energy grid, for example. "So many topics where we work very closely together and indeed over time, they belong to us. "They are one of us and we want them in." READ MORE: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv She added trust in Vladimir Putin is "completely broken and eroded". She said: "Of course, it is important that the Ukrainian side agrees to the peace talks and that conditions are fine for the Ukrainian side. "In general, it is always better to have peace talks than to have a fight. "But the trust in President Putin is completely broken and eroded." She added trust in Vladimir Putin is "completely broken and eroded". She said: "Of course, it is important that the Ukrainian side agrees to the peace talks and that conditions are fine for the Ukrainian side. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead [INSIGHT]'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [REACTION]Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance [ANALYSIS] "In general, it is always better to have peace talks than to have a fight. EU Council President Charles Michel also said that there will be a debate about making Ukraine a member of the European Union. He told French TV station BFM on Monday: "This is a debate which, in any case, will be held." He added that the bloc already had a "very powerful" association agreement with Ukraine which could be reinforced.