Oleksandr Danylyuk appeared on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme and stunned presenter Nick Robinson after he delivered a stern monologue against Vladimir Putin, warning he would "die" for his Ukraine invasion. Mr Danylyuk said the country "urgently" needed a supply of weapons and debates that Ukraine did not need anti-tank equipment was "b******t". It comes as reports suggest Russian troops are moving into Ukraine following an early morning mission into the country.    Speaking to Mr Robinson who is reporting from Kyiv, Mr Danylyuk was asked about the statement released by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Mr Robinson asked: "Let me just ask you about the words of your president who's posted a new video and address to the Ukrainian people on his Facebook page. "He says that Putin wants to destroy my country, he wants to destroy our country, everything that we have built for what we live for. "Do you believe that that is the ambition of the man in the Kremlin?" Mr Danylyuk bluntly replied: "Yeah, that is his ambition and he will die with ambition... we will bury him" Mr Robinson wanted to know whether Ukraine was in an existential crisis The former defence chief added: "No I know Ukrainians, and he doesn't. He was mistaken... for many years. We will teach you a lesson." Earlier in the interview, Mr Danylyuk discussed what Ukraine needed now from the international community to fight back Mr Putin.  He said: "What we need now, we need urgently supply of weapons and there was some discussion that there should not be a supply of anti-tank, any sales of anti-aircraft [becuase it would provoke a war]. "This all turned out to be not true, not to say b******t. "Right, so we need now, these weapons to protect our country, if somebody worries about the oil prices, you know, they should think about the people who will lose life here. "If Ukraine is not defended then there will be a lot of people dying in Europe, so not trying to think about oil prices from the start. "It's time now to think of how to protect Ukraine... a large country that defended the whole [of] Europe." DON'T MISS:Ukraine blackout: Putin cuts supplies in Kiev and wipes out power [INSIGHT]Boris calls Cobra meeting as PM readies to unleash hell on Putin [SPOTLIGHT]Ursula von Der Leyen condemns ‘unprovoked attack’ on Ukraine [REVEAL]  Reports have suggested Russia have launched missile strikes against Ukraine as it begins its invasion. Attacks were launched in the early hours of Thursday with Mr Putin telling Western forces that Russia's response will be "instant" if they intervene. Russian President Vladimir Putin warns that Moscow's response will be "instant" if anyone tries to take on Russia Boris Johnson Johnson said Mr Putin has "chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction" as the UK introduces further sanctions onto Russia. The Prime Minister will chair an emergency Cobra meeting before addressing the Commons later today. 