BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent interviewed Defence Secretary Ben Wallace about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Wallace explained the invasion "is not going to plan" but he was concerned about what Russian President Vladimir Putin could do next. Viewers slammed Nugent's choice of questions to the minister, with many calling for her to be replaced by a more "serious" journalist. Wallace delivered an update on day five of the Ukrainian conflict as he told viewers about President Putin ordering Russia's nuclear forces to be on high alert. Nugent began: "We heard yesterday Putin talking about Russia's nuclear deterrent, as soon as we say that word, it's a scary time for people watching their televisions, reading the newspapers, listening to all of this at home. "It's really, really scary, what can you say to reassure people that everything is being done to stop the worst happening?" The minister replied: "I totally agree, my 12-year-old was on the telephone to me after it was said because in this day and age it's all over the news. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap "We don't see or recognise in the phrase or status he described as anything which is a change to what they have currently as their nuclear posture. "This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, and remind the world, that he has a deterrent, he had a very big nuclear exercise last week which included firing missiles and showing the world he had these things." He added: "[Putin] has reminded people he has nuclear weapons which start to set off people being worried, and secondly he's distracted [people] from what's going wrong in Ukraine. "We are all talking about it and he is clearly trying to get people's attention distracted from what is going on on the ground." Many viewers took to Twitter to criticise Sally's questions to the minister as well as her "daft" comments about the war. Timothy Boon fumed: "Can we please put simple Sally on gardening leave and put a serious journalist in her place... Fed up with this childish drivel...You are not doing yourselves any favours BBC keeping her on." Hugh Edwards said: "BBC you really need to put Dan and Sally on extended leave during this crisis. Bring back Bill Turnbull and Louise Minchin for some badly needed gravitas and proper journalistic skills. I’m afraid sports reporters don’t cut it." @asitis remarked: "Silly Sally goes into full serious journalist mode as she describes the situation as ‘really really scary'." DON'T MISS...Dan Walker addresses major change with BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent [LATEST]Victoria Derbyshire challenges MP on Russian sanctions [DEBATE]BBC News journalist cuts off report as air raid siren fires [UKRAINE CRISIS] Ian Stewart commented: "Some daft questions and statements this morning on #BBCBreakfast regarding #Ukraine." However, other viewers focused their comments on the use of nuclear weapons, with Andy adding: "Let’s hope that Putin does not use nuclear weapons. "He is a law unto himself and has shown defiance to the world so it would be wrong to ignore his threat. The world needs to hope that the war does not become a nuclear war." Peter Crowhurst said Mr Wallace issued a "wise analysis" about the crisis.  The BBC Breakfast interview comes after Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky stated the next 24 hours will be "crucial" for his country. Air raid sirens have been ringing out in several cities and overnight Ukrainian officials announced Russia shelled Chernihiv and Kharkiv. Russia has said its troops had seized Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station, the largest in Europe, but Ukraine officials have denied this. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One between 6am and 9.15am. 