Loyal viewers of the BBC show are beside themselves as they wait for the final chapter to close on this violent, at times, love story. Killing Eve season four has a lot to live up to after its previous outings managed to captivate audiences worldwide and one of its stars has teased what's in store for the finale. Season three had viewers twisting and turning as the assassin's story unfolded. The final scene in the last cycle saw Eve Polastri (played by Sandra Oh) and Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) on London Bridge walking away from each other - then at the last minute, they turn to look at each other. What did that look mean? Will season four be a female power duo who wrap up any loose ends they have? Appearing on This Morning, actor Kim Bodnia has opened up about how co-star Jodie pushed him; he said: "It was payback time." Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist?  Co-host Phillip Schofield started the interview off, referencing how he knew Kim had often thrown "things in to push" the star and her performance and added: "But she did it to you in the last scene, didn't she?" The actor spoke to the presenting duo about how all those who worked on the show became a tight-knit family. Reminiscing on his on-screen relationship with the deadly yet kooky Villanelle, he elaborated on her trick: "It was so nicely [done], because she became so good at it, so I had no clue at all. "So she wanted to push my feelings as I had pushed her feelings through the seasons." Konstantin Petrovich Vasiliev is Villanelle's handler for mysterious The Twelve. Over the seasons' their relationship has had its ups and downs as he flits between mentor, father and enemy. He continued: "She came up with something in a scene that she wasn't supposed to do, and she got me! "The emotional stuff was just coming out of me." DON’T MISS… Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda Blethyn [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead's Leah star issues warning over character 'Has nothing to live for' [LATEST] Without giving too much away about their dynamics, fans will only have to wait until tomorrow to find out more. Earlier in the interview, he also shared his annoyance at Eve and alluded to the fact that his and villanelle's relationship had changed due to her medalling. Holly Willoughby asked about their relationship and highlighted their violent past. Kim added: "That has been the problem since she met Eve." "Eve is killing my daughter Villanelle through all these feelings; she is trying to cut the father relationship." The trailer for the closing chapter teases that the pair are still caught in their toxic game of cat and mouse. Fans would also have caught glimpses of them both having romantic encounters in the short clip, but not with each other, which jarred fans as the characters have a lot of potential to be deadly power couple. Killing Eve will be on BBC One and iPlayer from February 28.