Fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their advice for cleaning fabric roller blinds. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular when she began sharing her cleaning tips and tricks on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Ciara Anderson asked: “Hey everyone! Quick question - do any of you have tips on how to clean roller blinds? “They are yellow all over the house - almost a muslin material. “They're so yellow its driving me insane! Thank you.” READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid Ciara’s post was inundated with comments but the most common response was to pop them in the bath. Laura Hicks said: “I took mine down and washed it in the bath. “Came out beautifully clean, I also trimmed it down as the pattern had started fading and there was still plenty of material left on the roller, then used a glue gun to secure the weight and seam.” Leah Gilloway replied: “Clean in the bath. Can use vanish or something like that in the bath water and hang out to dry then.”  DON'T MISSCleaning: Britons are urged to ‘pay attention’ to their mattress [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game changer’ hack to make oven racks ‘sparkle’ [ANALYSIS] Claire Hunter suggested: “I did all of mine last week. “Soaked them in the bath for four hours in bio washing powder and vanish. “Rinsed, hung them on the washing line now they're like brand new, even the cream one from the kitchen that's been up and untouched for 14 years!” Danni Statham wrote: “I washed mine in the bath just with normal washing gel and fabric conditioner for an hour and dried off. Came up like new.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lesley Parkes said: “Soak in a bath of warm soapy water then drape over your line. “Hose them off and let them dry. Magic.” Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using carpet cleaner, a hose pipe and baking soda. Charlotte Louise replied: “I cleaned mine with Fr Beckmann carpet cleaner. “The one that comes with a brush.”  Mary Donohoe commented: ”I brought mine outside and power hosed them. “The dirt that came off was unbelievable.” Jennie Jemimah Mangan Odger said: “Hang on washing line and spray with hose.” Mary Vallely replied: “I gave up trying to clean it - took them down. “Watered down chalk paint and roller painted them - saved a fortune as I was prepared to buy again.” Sandra Marshall said: “You could try adding some bicarbonate of soda if it's not too harsh, check first please and good luck.”