Sally Nugent, 50, has become a pro at Breakfast TV's notoriously early starts, but since taking over the BBC Breakfast hot seat from Louise Minchin, she took some sound advice from another former presenter on the show. BBC Legend Bill Turnbull, offered up some advice on sleeping patterns to ensure the presenters can get enough rest through the day, but Dan Walker believed it's a "waste of time", and chooses his own methods. Sally recently opened up on her very early morning routine but after the show finishes, the rest of her day differs to Dans. "Bill Turnbull had the best routine," she told The Mirror in a joint interview with her co-host. "He said to have a morning sleep. So I always try. "I go back to bed at around 11am, then set my alarm and get up by 12 and get out in the daylight, it’s important." READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation Dan giggled while grinning: "She gets into her pyjamas! "Sleep is important obviously, but sleep in the day? "It's a complete waste of your time." But it works for the sports reporter, who told The Sunday Times of her mid-morning nap: "I then get up and start my day again. "You have to be really careful on breakfast shows that you don't do the double breakfast. "It's notorious." She also revealed she manages to leave the house every morning without waking her husband and 14-year-old son. Sally told the publication: "My alarm goes off at 3.45am. I don't have a loud, scary one that gives you a coronary. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] "I use a light box that gently wakes me. I have a back-up phone alarm set every five minutes from 3.50am. Touch wood, I've never had to use it. "Before I do anything I check the overnight briefing notes on my phone to see which guests have been confirmed, what news we've slept through and the latest political line." After a spot of 4am yoga with the dog, she's at the studio around 4.50am. "I'm straight into make-up, where they are waiting for me with a hairdryer," she continued. "By 5am I am in the 20-minute editorial meeting. It's myself, Dan and a team of editors." "After more hair and make-up we are on the sofa with a coffee, ready for a run-through before going live at six." It's then a three hour live show, with Sally eventually leaving the studio at around 10:30am.