Ahead of the Outlander season six premiere, Sam Heughan joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning to tease what would happen in the new series. As he spoke to the ITV hosts, Sam opened up about his first year filming the Starz hit and why he doubted it might be so successful. Holly remarked: “For you this is unbelievable because you weren’t sure from series one whether it was going to go any further than that? Six series in!” “Yeah I think when I first signed on, I said to my driver, ‘It won’t last more than a year, one season,’ and here are six seasons in,” Sam replied. Phillip asked: “Why? Why would you think that?” “I just think maybe I trying to trick myself into not thinking about the road ahead but it’s just been such an amazing journey, six seasons, eight years and here we are.” READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' Sam also spoke about his relationship with on-screen wife Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe). The pair have worked alongside each other from the very start and have built a strong friendship. “You and Caitriona Balfe, who plays opposite you, you were very new in the game when you first started,” Phillip remarked. “Your careers have grown through this series.” Sam went on to admit both he and Caitriona didn’t realise how much of a hit they would be with the fans of the novels written by Diana Gabaldon. He explained: “Absolutely, we were very green and we didn’t really know where this was going to go. “It’s going to be a decade by the time we finish the next season. So ten years together, we are like this… I don’t know, there’s this great friendship we’ve got. “We’re sort of like this couple that have, sort of, grown together.” DON'T MISS...‘We’ll start shooting soon’ Outlander's Sam Heughan on season 7 update [UPDATE]Outlander's Caitriona Balfe forced to defend missing season 6 premiere [LATEST]Outlander’s Sam Heughan on friendship with Caitriona Balfe [INTERVIEW] If fans weren’t excited enough for the end of Droughtlander next week, the actor added work would soon begin on season seven. Phillip exclaimed: “Season seven has been confirmed.” “It has and we’ll start shooting pretty soon,” Sam replied. Earlier this week, the cast of Outlander celebrated the arrival of season six with the world premiere in London. However, leading lady Caitriona was missing from the event due to her duties in the US and as a new mother. While some fans hit out at Caitriona, Sam rushed to defend his co-star telling those at the event: “Cait's in America, she's just had a child. “Right now, with everything going on in the world, we're just glad she can be a part of it virtually.” Outlander season 6 airs March 6 on Starz in the US and Starzplay in the UK.