Kate Garraway joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on Thursday’s This Morning to discuss her recently aired documentary Caring for Derek. During the interview, the Good Morning Britain presenter revealed her fears “money will run out” for her husband Derek Draper’s treatment. The documentary aired on Tuesday night and featured the moment Kate’s husband finally returned home. Derek had spent over a year in hospital after contracting coronavirus in March 2020. His recovery is ongoing and Kate opened up on the immense gratitude she has for her husband’s carers. Holly commented: “That's what really struck me about it is the amount of care he needs. Like this is around the clock, isn't it?" Read more: Kate Garraway shares Ben Shephard worries over Derek treatement “Yeah and because of his extreme health needs, he does have 24-hour care," Kate replied. “So somebody has to be awake at night and somebody has to be awake during the day and I can't be awake 24 hours so it's fantastic to have that.” Phillip then questioned Kate on the trip to Mexico she and Derek took where her husband received treatment from a specialist doctor. The This Morning host commented on the concerns over the “logistics of getting [them] there." “I know that came at a really low point when I thought, ‘Oh god, this is not sustainable,’” Kate replied. “The system, I mean I don't believe we can have 24-hour care forever, you know there's a point where money runs out. “It's a big moment, I was thinking, ‘This isn't sustainable' and if there isn't the structure there to help long term, what are we actually going to do?” “I can’t give up, we can't give up on him,” Kate commented. DON'T MISSDerek Draper once told Kate Garraway to 'leave him in a home' if ill [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper breaks down in tears [VIDEO]Kate Garraway says husband would 'die within days' without care [INTERVIEW] The GMB host explained a doctor in the US contacted her after Kate Garraway: Finding Derek aired last year. Kate and her husband flew to Monterrey, Mexico in November 2021 in order for Derek to begin treatment. The doctor offered to help the former political advisor with a new treatment he had been developing. Kate continued: “I’d been doing a lot of research and from the documentary these wonderful people contacted me. “This particular doctor had dealt with people not as severe as Derek but in the area. “He offered us the chance to be a test case,” the GMB presenter said. Referring to the difficulties of getting to Mexico, Kate added: “But you’re right he can sustain sitting in a wheelchair for about 20 minutes before he flags.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am. Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek is available on ITV Hub.