The Virgin Money M Plus Account, the Virgin Money Club M Account and the Virgin Money M Account all have linked savings accounts. The 0.65 percent increase from 0.35 percent interest will come into effect from March 1, 2022 and will automatically be passed on to all existing accounts.   The savings options will offer one percent AER variable interest rate on balances up to £25,000. Account holders and potential customers with balances above £25,000 will see an increased rise to 0.50 percent interest (variable). The three current accounts automatically come with linked savings accounts, encouraging ordinary banking members to save more. Additionally, this simplifies the saving process, allowing savers to simply transfer funds and manage their money between their savings and current account. READ MORE: Pensioners to get MASSIVE 20% pay hike - When it will happen and what it means for you  The increased rates follows the Bank of Englands base rate rise announced at the beginning of February. The BoE doubled the base rate from 0.25 percent to 0.50 percent. Savers were warned that this increase may not be passed on directly to them while borrowers grew increasingly concerned for their own interest rates. This was the second rise in three months. The base rate increase in late 2021 brought up the rate from a record low of 0.1 percent implemented from the start of the pandemic.  The accounts now offer a best-buy rate for customers hoping to get the biggest bang for their buck. Hugh Chater, Chief Commercial Officer at Virgin Money, said: “Following the Bank of England base rate increase, we want to reward our customers for saving with us and give UK consumers more reasons to bank with Virgin Money. “We recognise the importance of supporting our customers in these challenging financial times, and by boosting our linked savings rates we can give customers better value for their savings.” However, this is not the first change for Virgin Money in 2022.  The banking corporation also recently refreshed its Brighter Money Bundles current accounts offer. This offer attracts current account customers by giving them £100 worth of incentives to switch to Virgin Money. Savers can earn a £100 Virgin Experience Day gift card by switching to Virgin Money M Plus Account and Virgin Money Club M Account. Additionally, customers also receive a credit interest of 2.02 percent on current account balances of up to £1,000.  A bonus rate of three percent AER fixed for 12 months is also available for balances up to £1,000. Virgin Money Cashback has been making waves with savers who now receive a little bit extra for their ordinary daily spending. Participating retailers provide Virgin Money customers with cashback without having to activate individual offers. These cashback offers are compounded by the market leading one percent AER on savings balances up to £25,000 now on offer with the linked savings account.