Ozark season four is on Netflix and fans were desperate to see how the Byrdes managed to keep Omar Navarro (played by Felix Solis) at bay. The final season has been split into two parts, each containing seven episodes, meaning there are seven left to air. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the official release date for part two. The crime drama series has seen its first-ever split season as the final instalment contains two parts. Until now, each season has been made up of 10 episodes, which have all arrived on the streaming platform at the same time. But as part of the explosive finale, only seven episodes aired on January 21. The ending has left fans on the edge of their seats as they await the Byrde family's ultimate fate. As for when part two will air, the final episodes will be released on April 29. READ MORE: Is Ben still alive in Ozark? Did he really die? Showrunner Chris Mundy explained why the decision to split the final season into two was made. They believed 10 episodes would not be enough to wrap up the whole story in a satisfying way. He told The Wrap: "We always thought five [seasons] was the outside number. “It just felt like after that – we didn’t want to repeat ourselves, we didn’t want the show to feel like it was continuing because it was a TV show and it had to continue. READ MORE: Ozark star 'surprised' series was ending with season 4 "So really the decision has always been between is it four [seasons] or is it five [seasons]. "And then Netflix hit upon the idea of saying, ‘We’ll do four but we’ll make it long and split it in this way,' and that felt perfect.” The fourth season picks up immediately after the shocking season three finale, which saw Helen Pierce (Janet McTeer) meet her demise. Both parts of the final season will have a "complete" ending and are viewed by the creators as separate seasons. The good news is, the final seven episodes are complete and ready to go. DON'T MISS...Ozark’s Julia Garner baffles fans with ‘terrible’ accent in new role [DISCUSSION] Ozark's Rachel star sparks frenzy as she 'confirms' season 4 comeback [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Netflix viewers expose major 'plot hole' in the casino [DISCUSSION] Mundy told Entertainment Weekly: "We're so happy Netflix recognized the importance of giving Ozark more time to end the Byrdes' saga right. "It's been such a great adventure for all of us—both on screen and off—so we're thrilled to get the chance to bring it home in the most fulfilling way possible." Jason Bateman said it was worth the wait and he was excited to end the series with a bang. In season four, the Byrde family mission is to help Navarro retire without consequence. READ MORE: Ozark’s Wyatt star leaves fans in tears with farewell post Wendy and Marty are closer to Navarro than ever before, and they have reached the most dangerous phase yet. Fans took to Twitter to express their excitement ahead of the final season. Jay said: "Taking the day off on Friday so I can stay up late on Thursday night to watch a few episodes of #OzarkSeason4." Negrodamus added: "Part 1 of #OzarkSeason4 ain’t even out yet and I wanna know when Part 2 drops."  Ozark season 4 part 2 will air on Netflix on April 29.