Rumours abound that Prince William, Kate and their three children may up sticks, moving from their official residence at Kensington Palace to Windsor. Kate has talked in the past with fondness of her childhood growing up in the countryside with her parents in the Berkshire village of Bucklebury. The Times reports that Windsor Castle has been earmarked as a new base for the Duke and Duchess in a spot packed with members of the Royal Family. Princess Eugenie lives at Frogmore Cottage, Prince Andrew at Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park with Princess Anne and Prince Charles up the M4 in Gloucestershire. Teddy Wolstenholme, editorial director of Talk Education and a former editor of the Tatler Schools Guide, told The Times: "They’ve been doing their research on local schools for the last year. "One pupil at Lambrook was asked by the cheery future king how he’d rate Latin. And when Kate was looking round another school, Papplewick, a pupil told her that she looked just like the Duchess of Cambridge." One local told The Times: "I bet the children go to St Andrew’s, Pangbourne, where Kate went. True, it’s half an hour’s drive from Windsor, but they’re used to a long school run in London. "It’s leafy, with a big sweeping driveway, a brand new sports hall and beautiful indoor swimming pool. And you have the option of being a day pupil or boarding." The two eldest Cambridge children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, currently attend London day school Thomas’s Battersea. William and Kate are reportedly keen to keep them all together at the same school. They are tipped to attend Marlborough College in Wiltshire, where Kate was educated, when they are older.  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN AND HARRY SHOOTING THEMSELVES IN THE FOOT IN STRUGGLE TO 'PROVE POWER' However, Mr Wolstenholme told The Times: "Don’t underestimate the pull of the old school tie — Prince William was very happy at Eton and the opportunities and facilities it offers boys are unparalleled." A local in Pangbourne said: "There’s a whole school-run yummy mummy scene round here. They all wear Sweaty Betty or Lululemon and drive navy Volvo XC90s with personalised number plates. "If the kids went to St Andrew’s, Kate could go to the Pantry in Yattendon after school drop-off, where they do the best toasties and amazing cakes, or the Blackbird Cafe in Chapel Row, where the quinoa salads and cappuccinos are great.  DON'T MISS: 7,000 win squatters’ rights to live in UK [REVEALED] King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage [REPORT] SNP blames Brexit for trade woes and claims Scottish laws 'undermined' [LATEST] "Plus, it’s very near to Kate’s parents in Bucklebury, so if she’s busy, granny and grandpa can do the school pick-up." Society florist Sue Barnes of Lavender Green, who did the flowers for Pippa Middleton’s wedding and whose HQ is in Windsor, the Cambridges moving to the Berkshire town makes "utter sense". She told The Daily Telegraph: "If you’re a working royal, what people regard as ‘real country’ is not going to fit. "Here, we’re used to celebrities, there’s no fuss and you can pull up the drawbridge. I’d say there’s no better area for the Cambridges." At their home in Norfolk, the Cambridges are known to have enjoyed family pub lunches and trips to Holkham beach. Berkshire is not short of family Sunday lunch options with The Pot Kiln in Frilsham a Middleton family favourite. Bucklebury Farm - which has just been bought by Pippa Middleton - would also make for an ideal day out, according to locals. One told The Times: "It’s a lovely day out with the kids. It’s a sort of petting zoo with a giant deer park and giant inflatable pillow cushion that the kids can boing off."