Aquarius is the 11th sign of the zodiac, and is represented by the Water-Bearer. According to astrology, this independent sign struggles to depend on others, and doesn’t like to follow traditional relationship ‘rules’. “Aquarius in love may march to the beat of their own drummer—the free-love era wasn't named "The Age of Aquarius" for nothing.” Reluctant to play games or follow rules, Aquarius is not bothered about what “should” be done. Instead, this sign is totally in tune with their wants and needs, delving into their own “rules, codes of ethics, and morality” to make decisions regarding matters of the heart. Aquarius “takes all three very seriously”. READ MORE: Queen’s Williamson diamond brooch valued at £25m - here’s why A lone wolf by nature, Aquarius does not like to feel subsumed by their partner. Unlike others signs such as Capricorn, who enjoys the intensity of two souls bonding as one, Aquarius loves their independence and have their own life. “While they enjoy flirtatious relationships and can easily be in a longterm "friends with benefits" situation, love—even when they have deep feelings for the other person—can lead them to feel trapped or scared of the future,” according to horoscope.com. One aspect of relationships they struggle with is how to “navigate healthy codependence”. Because this sign does not like to depend on others or for others to depend on them, there is a risk that this sign fails to make genuine, deep connections. However, all is not lost, as Aquarius does “care deeply about their partner” – they may just show it differently. “An Aquarius in love isn't selfish, they're pragmatic, and they're doing what's most honest for them.” They would never ask their partner to put them before themselves. Single Aquarius should look out for potential love matches in Gemini, Sagittarius, and fellow Aquarius. A relationship between Aquarius and Gemini is a meeting between two “intelligent, fun, and occasionally described as quirky” minds. As for Sagittarius, this sign can “add some heat to ethereal Aquarius” – and may even make them “commit to love”. Fellow Aquarians respect what the other brings to the table, and this pairing won't have any problems giving the other person space or ‘me time’. Want to take Aquarius out on a date? Here’s what to do. “Don't bring them to the five-star restaurant everyone goes to, please. An Aquarius wants a unique date that isn't about putting on a show.” Put your wallet away, as this sign is impressed by touching gestures and small details, not money. “Many Aquarians cringe at the word "date," feeling like the concept is too formal and antiquated. Trying to get Aquarius to agree to a typical date scenario will “only turn into disaster”, so pick up their favourite coffee and go for a walk instead.