The first episode of Today at the Caravan Show is set to air on Channel 5 tonight and is being presented by Gemma Hunt and Rufus Hound. The series will follow the presenters as they look at the biggest, smallest, coolest and most expensive caravans, campervans and motorhomes. In tonight’s episode, the show looks at the latest products which save space and add a touch of luxury inside a caravan. Julia Bradbury, President of the Camping and Caravanning Club, will be speaking with Rufus Hound about the different tents on the market. Gemma Hunt, one of the presenters and a keen caravanner, spoke of the importance of caravans and motorhomes for people looking to go on holiday after the pandemic. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: “We are very excited to be launching Today at the Caravan Show this week. READ MORE: Cyclists warned riding in the middle of the road is a ‘bit daft’ “It’s going to be a brilliant opportunity to allow everybody to have a look at what's out there, what's on the market and also find out about tips and hints of new things they can try for their holidays. “The Caravan, Camping and Motorhome Show has been really popular for years and the fact that we’re putting it on television just shows how people are appreciating the great outdoors and staycationing. “Throughout the pandemic we couldn't travel too far, but now people are realising we just want to make the most of the UK, and having a little bit of luxury to take with us so we can have a home-from-home on our holiday. “I think it's really great for families to get out together having spent so much time together in their own homes to go and explore somewhere different. It’s brilliant. DON'T MISSHuge driving law changes being introduced today with millions affected [WARNING]Abandoned luxury car ship still burning at sea [SHOCKING]New DVSA caravan and trailer towing scheme to launch in March [INSIGHT] “The beauty of it is, it’s not only for you and your family, but if you're able to you can also loan it out to other people that might not have that opportunity.” Gemma also travelled to Spain to soak up the winter sun and experience one of the most expensive motorhomes on the market. She also wanted to find out what caravanning is like in the Spanish countryside and what to expect when motoring in luxury. However, the most luxurious was found in Sandbacks, Dorset where Gemma was able to experience a £750,000 static caravan. Gemma continued, saying: “It was incredible. I used to go to a static caravan that my grandparents owned in Exmouth and when I was little, it was the highlight of my summer. “It was a three bedroom regular static caravan, but to a small child it felt like a massive mansion. “Now as an adult going to one of the most expensive ones that has been overhauled so beautifully and so up to date with all the modcons and made luxurious. “It was such a treat. It was nice having all of the things that as an adult you really appreciate. [It] was great. “It had really nice floor level lighting to give it an ambient feel and hi-tech equipment in the kitchen so you could cook a decent meal. “You’ve got a proper kitchen, some better than people might have in their homes. It was really stunning. “The location was on the waterfront, looking across the sea right on your doorstep was really beautiful. “There was a really big veranda on top of the caravan. You could sit up there, have a barbecue, and admire the view. It was absolutely stunning.” The show will also feature a challenge between Gemma and her co-presenter Rufus Hound where they go head-to-head with a caravan towing challenge to demonstrate the ease and pitfalls of towing for beginners. Today at the Caravan Show is on Channel 5 at 8pm today and Thursday.