Haas team principal Guenther Steiner has confirmed that Pietro Fittipaldi will replace Nikita Mazepin if the Russian driver is unable to race in F1 this season. Mazepin’s F1 future has been thrown into jeopardy following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Mazepin signed a multi-year deal to join Haas at the start of the 2021 season and raced alongside Mick Schumacher during his maiden campaign. The 22-year-old, who previously raced in GP3 and F2, failed to pick up a single point but looked set to return for his second season with Haas this year. But Mazepin’s position could now be under threat, with the team currently reviewing the long-term future of main sponsor Uralkali, which is co-owned by the driver’s father Dmitry. And Fittipaldi could be set to benefit. “If Nikita couldn’t drive for one or another reason, the first call would go to Pietro,” Steiner said. JUST IN: F1 testing: Five talking points as Lewis Hamilton fastest on final day  “Obviously, he is with us for a few years, and then we would see what we do next. “Pietro is always around with us for a reason. The last years, we needed a reserve driver, having COVID around - so he is always around. “He knows the team, he knows the car. To jump in for one day to the other, there is nobody better than Pietro around at the moment.” Earlier this week Steiner admitted Mazepin’s future needed to be decided in light of the situation in eastern Europe. DON'T MISS:Verstappen hit out at Vettel and Raikkonen: 'Should be ashamed'[OPINION]Toto Wolff raged at Lewis Hamilton with brutal warning[ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff shamed by Christian Horner for ‘roasting’ own F1 team[INSIGHT]  “It needs to be resolved,” Steiner said when discussing whether Mazepin would continue to race for Haas. “There are governments involved and I have no power over them and we need to see how the situation develops in Ukraine.” But Steiner was adamant that Haas’ F1 future is not in doubt. “The team are not affected by this,” he added. “I spoke to them yesterday and told them there is nothing to worry about.”   Haas finished last in the F1 standings last season after Schumacher also failed to pick-up points in any of the races. But owner Gene Haas revealed earlier this month that his team had been focused on the 2022 season for some time. “It’s that time of year where you’re naturally optimistic that the hard work and effort of everyone will translate to a competitive entry on track,” Haas said as the American team revealed their new car. “We made the decision back in 2020 to really channel time and resources into the VF-22, foregoing anything track-related for 2021 – which wasn’t easy to watch. “Hopefully that decision bears fruit and we return to challenging for points and taking something from the weekends.” 