The lifetime allowance (LTA) limits the maximum amount someone can build up in a pension over their lifetime without incurring a tax charge. Any amount above the LTA will be subject to a tax charge of 55 percent if taken as a lump sum or 25 percent if taken as income. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak, announced last March that the LTA would be frozen at its current level of £1,073,100 until April 2026. This could mean more people than ever face paying tax on their pension savings, according to Quilter. Many people might assume the limit to be too high for them to ever reach, but Quilter has warned that as pensions benefit from investment growth and compound interest, a pension worth around half the current level of the LTA could eventually be at risk of falling foul of the limit. Even if the LTA increases by the rate of CPI inflation after the freeze ends, Quilter’s calculations show that someone with a pot of £415,577 today could hit the LTA in 30 years, assuming five percent growth per annum net of charges. That is without any personal or employer contributions, which means any additional amounts contributed could push an individual closer to the LTA even faster. READ MORE: Hundreds of people on UK trial could get £1,600 a month under Basic Income scheme A person with a pension pot of £555,271 could hit the LTA in 20 years, while a fund of £641,869 may be at risk in just 15 years. Quilter also calculated a retirement fund of £741,914 would reach the limit in a decade, and it would take just five years for a pot of £857,648 to reach the threshold. Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter said: “Our calculations show that even someone with a £500,000 or £600,000 pension pot, around 15 to 20 years from retirement may well be forced to hand over some of their hard-earned cash to the taxman. “If you believe you are at risk of hitting the LTA, then you’ll need to have a solid plan of action. If possible, you should seek finance advice to ensure you are making the best possible decisions for your personal circumstances.” DON'T MISSNew state pension guide could explain exactly why you are getting less than you expected [GUIDE]Martin Lewis: Can you beat the hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell and more? [MARTIN LEWIS]State pension age ‘to soar past 70 as axe falls on triple lock’ [ALERT] Mr Greer listed some tips which could help reduce the risk of someone hitting the LTA: He said: “Instead of contributing to your defined contribution pension, you could instead contribute to an ISA, if you have any allowance (up to £20,000 a year) remaining. “However, if you are part of a workplace pension scheme, it is more than likely that you should continue to accrue benefits within the scheme to benefit from the employer contribution, even accounting for the lifetime allowance charge. “It is important to know how much you may be required to pay to benefit from the employer contribution (some workplace schemes don’t require an employee contribution to still benefit from the employer contribution)." People who are at risk of hitting the LTA may consider redirecting their contributions into their spouse’s pension instead of their own. Mr Greer said: “Of course, this is not risk free given it introduces the danger of divorce, but it does essentially double your lifetime allowance given you can use your spouses’ allowance as well.” He continued: “When the Government reduced the LTA previously, they did at least offer some protections to allow certain people to keep the older, higher LTA. “You can apply for Fixed Protection 2016 if you have not made any pension savings since April 5 2016, and you’ll get an LTA of £1.25million. “You may also be able to apply for Individual Protection 2016 if your pension savings were worth more than £1million at April 5 2016, and you’ll get an LTA of the lower of £1.25million or the value of your pension rights at April 5 2016.” Mr Greer concluded: “When you take pension benefits your pension funds are tested against the lifetime allowance. “It may be worth seeking the help of a financial adviser to understand whether there is a strategy to help reduce the impact of the lifetime allowance tax charge whilst still meeting your retirement income needs.”