The chilling moment saw Vladimir Putin order Sergey Naryshkin, head of the SVR foreign intelligence service, to "sit down" after stammering through a disjointed and confusing speech. It came during a broadcast from the Kremlin on Monday, beamed across all of Russia's television channels, as President Putin discussed and outlined plans to recognise the Ukrainian regions of Luhansk and Donetsk as "independent", a move which later saw him order his troops to invade Ukraine on a "peace-keeping" mission.     The clip shows Putin pestering Mr Naryshkin to clearly say "yes or no" as to whether he supported declaring the territories "independent". A visibly shaken Naryshkin replied saying he supported the regions "becoming a part of Russia". But his response was clearly not up to the Russian premiers standards as he told his spy chief that was not being discussed and that recognizing them as independent states was the only thing being considered. Putin slammed: "We're not talking about that. We're not discussing that! JUST IN 'Noticeable!' Biden storms off without answering crunch questions on Russia amid war fears "We're talking about recognizing their independence or not." A shivering Naryshkin then mumbled a reply saying that he did in fact support the move to recgnise the Ukrainian regions as independent states. But in a disturbing moment, Mr Putin simply replied: "Good. You can sit down now." On Monday night Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to invade eastern regions of Ukraine called Luhansk and Donetsk, currently held by pro-Russian separatists. READ MORE 'Europe is too dependent on Russian gas' VDL admits huge financial pain ahead for EU He claims the move is only for "peace-keeping" reasons, despite crossing over the border and breaking international law and peace agreements. In an hour-long rambling speech to the nation, President Putin declared Russia recognised Luhansk and Donetsk as "independent" states, green lighting his move into the region. The move has prompted a raft of economic sanctions from the United Kingdom, targeting wealthy Russians and banks, while the European Union have also vowed heavy sanctions against Russia. Meanwhile Germany have pulled the plug on the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project, a controversial deal which saw Russia supply gas to the Germans. DON'T MISSPutin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin [INSIGHT]We are serious! Sefcovic wrecks EU breakthrough [ANALYSIS]Where was the EU? Britons react to break up of UK warning [REACTION] The EU are now seeking a change to their energy infrastructure amid the soaring tensions which relies heavily on Russia, this could hit the bloc with a $47 billion energy hole. It comes as developments in Ukraine on Tuesday have seen 800 US military personnel told to move from Italy to Baltic region in a clear sign of rising concerns across Europe. Up to eight US F35 jets moved from Germany to sites along NATO's eastern flank. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has called up reservists, but has ruled out general mobilisation.