Novak Djokovic has revealed he texted Daniil Medvedev after the Russian’s Australian Open final defeat to offer advice on how to handle a hostile crowd. The world No.2 questioned his long-term future in tennis after claiming his rough treatment by the Aussie supporters was racially motivated because he is Russian. The US Open champion’s rocky relationship with the locals started when claimed sections of support had a “low IQ” after his second round win over Nick Kyrgios - and continued when he was booed as he entered the Rod Laver Arena for the final. “The kid stopped dreaming,” Medvedev claimed. “The kid is going to play for himself.” Djokovic is also no stranger to controversy - he was deported from Australia last month - and has clashed with crowds at Wimbledon and New York. And despite Medvedev being poised to replace him as world No.1 with victory in Acapulco this weekend, the Serb said he had reached out to his Grand Slam rival to offer sympathy. “I relate to that,” said Djokovic after his first round win at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championship. “We spoke. Actually we texted after the match. I really felt sad that he was experiencing those kinds of emotions because the inner kid is the reason why we are playing tennis. I mean, at least in my case and I think in his case. “Most of the players pick up the racquet when they were young because they fell in love with the sport, they have passion for the sport, they dream to achieve some of the greatest things this sport can offer them. “Obviously losing, being two sets to love up in the finals, it's a tough one to swallow. Of course, I've been in those shoes before. I understand how he feels. “I had plenty of matches where I had the crowd on my side and crowd against me. This is part of the sport. You can't always expect to have the support behind you. Sometimes you just wish things to be different. “I wish him all the best. I think he's a great champion, someone that is mentally very strong, already consistent with his results, soon to be No. 1 in the world as well. "I can relate to that. I felt sorry for him that he commented the way he did after the match. But I do understand.” Medevedev said after his crushing five-set defeat to Nadal in Melbourne: ““From now on I'm playing for myself, for my family, to provide my family, for people that trust in me, of course for all the Russians because I feel a lot of support there.  “If there is a tournament on hard courts in Moscow, before Roland Garros or Wimbledon, I'm going to go there even if I miss Wimbledon or Roland Garros or whatever. I'm not sure after 30 years I'm going to want to play tennis. “I think nationality plays a key. I can definitely see when you play somebody from the other country, they would go for them and not for the Russian.”