The traumatised victims, who want to remain anonymous, have now vowed to sell their house following the ordeal, which happened on Sunday evening. The couple were watching a film when a thug put his head around their living room door in Stockport, Greater Manchester. He started spraying them with an unknown liquid, which has yet to be identified but smelled like bleach. They thought it may have been a friend playing a prank. But to their horror, the couple soon realised the man was a complete stranger – and he wasn't alone.  The 34-year-old male victim immediately jumped up and began fighting off the two masked burglars, Manchester Evening News says. As the group struggled, one attacker continued to spray a chemical in the other 29-year-old victim's face. Keeping her eyes closed to protect herself, the woman grabbed her phone and ran into her garden to call police. Inside, the tussle continued until one burglar demanded the victim hand over the keys to his Ford Ranger pickup truck. They then grabbed a brass fireplace tool stand and began beating him with it. Disorientated because of the chemical substance and being unable to contact police, the woman returned to the property. The two burglars, who were dressed in dark hooded clothing and wore snoods, had the male victim pinned up against the wall.  They demanded the woman hand over her phone before dragging her into the upstairs office. After spotting a safe in the room, they ordered her to tell them the code while continuing to spray her face with the unknown chemical. But she was unable to see or speak. As the intruders turned to demand the code from her boyfriend, the woman stumbled out of the room and finally got through to police. The male victim eventually managed to break free and headed towards the front door. While being beaten with the brass stand, he escaped the property and shouted for help.  He turned around and watched the attackers jump into a waiting car before speeding off. They left the house empty-handed. The incident has left the couple so traumatised they are planning to sell their home and move away. Both suffered serious injuries and were rushed to hospital for checks. The woman sustained chemical burns and scratches to her eye cornea which require further treatment. Her eyesight is currently blurry but doctors hope she will make a full recovery.  The man was taken for brain scans and X-rays. Thankfully, while he suffered serious injuries to his ribs, back, head and face, none are thought to be life-changing.  The woman said the attack has left her feeling “totally on edge”. She and her husband had hoped to start a family soon but are now putting those plans on hold. "My boyfriend went out an hour ago for the first time and left me with the dogs,” she said. "I cried the whole time he was out because the motion sensor on the security camera went off and I just panicked a bit. "We’re going to put the house up for sale and move. Someone broke into our back window before and someone has been in our vehicle. "This is the third time and it’s massive." A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police said: “We were called shortly after 7.45pm on Sunday 20 February to a report of an assault. “It's believed two men entered the property and sprayed the occupants with liquid before assaulting one of them. “Enquiries - including house-to-house visits and CCTV - are ongoing and no arrests have been made.”   