The wait for new NCIS episodes feels like a never-ending one for diehard fans who’ve been waiting since early January for the likes of Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama), Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and the rest of the team to make a return to CBS. Luckily the wait is almost over and while the show’s usual clan will make their comebacks, the US network has sent fans into somewhat of a meltdown with the exciting news that not one, but two fan-favourites' families will come into play. The first revelation came from Jimmy Palmer star Brian Dietzen last month after he shared a sneak peek at the return of his daughter Victoria (Elle Grasper). Victoria is going to be heading into the office with her dad in the next episode, The Helpers, which is set to air on CBS on Monday, February 28. However, the episode is bound to be action-packed as Victoria’s father Jimmy and Kasie (Diona Reasonover) find themselves exposed to a deadly biotoxin, making it a race against time to find them the antidote. But the week after on March 7, Director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) will also be reintroducing viewers to a blast from the past. READ MORE: NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed In the episode titled First Steps, Vance’s daughter Kayla (Naomi Grace) will make her first appearance in four years. Kayla hasn’t been seen in NCIS since season 16, episode three, although it was revealed earlier this year she’s currently training at FLETC. Seemingly keen to follow in her dad’s footsteps, fans will get to see this firsthand next month - although a number of first-look snaps from the episode have also given fans a peek at what’s to come. The synopsis for the episode reads: “As NCIS investigates the cause of death of a reservist Navy Seal surgeon, they’re forced to bring Vance’s daughter, Kayla, who recently trained with NCIS, to help with a highly dangerous mission.” And as it’s bound to be an action-packed instalment for Kayla and her dad, fans have already expressed their excitement at the upcoming episode. Twitter user @theseshows19 said: “I love how all of the kids are making an appearance! First Victoria and now Kayla! I hope we get to see McGee’s kids soon too #ncis.” And @breaunaclifford echoed: “Omggg Kayla!!! I’m so excited for her #NCIS.” Jarred Braxton also added: “Kayla is really training to be a Naval Officer? Good for her. Director Vance must be very proud. #NCIS.” DON'T MISS:NCIS Sydney: Will Dwayne Pride return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?NCIS season 19: Vance tackles deadly new role in first-lookNCIS fans voice concern after NCIS Sydney announcement While @smackalalala excitedly weighed in: “OMG Kayla's going to FLETC??? Awesome. #NCIS.” Kayla may be new to the world of NCIS but judging by the new snaps from the episode in question, she’s going to waste no time working among the team. In one snap, Kayla joins Alden Parker (Gary Cole) and Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) in the office, presumably going over some case notes. In another, she and Torres are decked in black and appear to be at the scene of a crime. Elsewhere, Kayla slips on the medical gloves and joins Jimmy Palmer at a crime scene to gather evidence. And in another still from the show, Kayla looks rather serious in a smart grey business suit as she speaks to an unknown member of the team. While this marks actor Grace’s return to the NCIS world, fans will have caught her on screens in recent years after roles in The Expanding Universe of Ashley Garcia, Family Reunion and KC Undercover NCIS season 19 returns to CBS in the USA on Monday, February 28. A UK release date is yet to be announced.