The fiery row on Monday's Good Morning Britain comes after it was reported that four primary schools in Brighton have ditched the words "mum and dad" for more inclusive words such as "grown-ups". ITV hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley spoke with guests Natasha Devon and Afua Hagan via video link about the latest reports. However, things took a turn when Natasha accused Richard of getting the reports wrong, despite the host insisting he hadn't. The guest pointed out the statistics of children who are currently being brought up without a "mum or dad". She explained the phrase "grown-ups" will make things more inclusive for children. "When staff are talking to groups, they use the term grown-ups to include those children," she explained. "So they don't feel like they are abnormal or excluded in any way." READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? "This benefits everyone, it harms absolutely no one and once you understand it in that context, it is really difficult to have an objection to it." "Natasha, with respect, I don't think this programme has got this story wrong," the GMB host raged. "You have," Natasha hit back before Richard replied: "I respectfully disagree with you, I don't think we have. "I think we have reported it completely accurately."  Natasha tried to tell Richard to "go online" to see what has been said about the reports. "Let's agree to differ on that," the host interrupted before he asked: "What is offensive about a teacher talking to a classroom of pupils using the terms mum or dad as well as grown-ups? "But what is offensive about mum or dad?" Natasha went on to say that no schools are banning the words mum or dad, they are just trying to make it more inclusive for children who don't have a mum or dad. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville to hand in resignation to follow Florence? [VIDEO] Richard's comments sparked outrage with viewers, and many took to social media to praise Natasha for standing up to the host. Other viewers claimed to have "switched off" the show following the host's comments. User @theotherdwn raged: "Omg Richard M is just so awful on #GMB Can't watch any longer." Laura tweeted: "I honestly do not understand how @susannareid100 can work alongside these co-presenters. Richard is unbearable to watch, especially during interviews #GMB." While Elaine added: "#GMB Richard wants a debate regardless of the facts involved. Rude, patronising and not willing to take on board that GMB may have made a mistake. He should apologise for how He has just spoken to the lady in West London." (sic) "@GMB When are you going to remove Richard Madeley as host?" user Pickle asked. "You see yourself as a leading morning ‘news’ show, yet you continue to keep in place a man who is offensive, misogynistic, patronising and completely incompetent. He makes a mockery of your show #GMB." "Waste of airtime #GMB," Terry wrote before adding: "@_NatashaDevon well done for outing a complete non-story on #gmb this morning." Kefta added: "#GMB & Richard Madeley being called out for fake news clickbait nonsense live on air." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.