Ed Sheeran, 31, explained he "didn't have the words" to respond to news of the death of his close friend Jamal Edwards, in a touching tribute that left many fans in tears. The SB.TV creator helped launch the Shivers singer's career and for that, Ed admitted he will always be in his debt. Taking to Instagram on Wednesday night, he found the courage to speak. "I haven’t posted anything coz I can’t find the words, I can’t reply coz I don’t know what to say" he penned solemnly. "Jamal is my brother. His light shone so bright. "He only used it to illuminate others and never asked for anything in return." READ MORE: Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing He went on: "A star’s light shines for millions of years after they go, and his will continue to light up every dark moment, we are all witnessing his power. "I would not be here without him, professionally and personally. "There will never be anything close to what he is, but I’m so grateful to have existed within his orbit. My brother, come on." 31-year-old Jamal died on Sunday, with his mother, Loose Women panellist Brenda Edwards, confirming that he had passed away from a "sudden illness". More details of his death have not emerged as of yet. Jamal was big on the British music scene, having helped launch the careers of many artists, such as pop star Jessie J and grime artist Dave. The news ricocheted across the nation as thousands of tributes to the music icon poured in on social media. Sportswoman Alex Scott, also shared her grief for her friend, revealing that like many, she is in a state of "complete shock". DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation [INTERVIEW]  The former footballer posted two photos of her and Jamal together, smiling as they posed for the camera while wearing sunglasses. In view of her 1.3 million followers, Alex wrote: “You had an energy and a light that only few have, the kindest of souls that are hard to find, you brought a smile to my face always. "We were literally just making plans... naaa... this is hard to take, I'm in complete shock. This ain't right!!” She continued: “Thinking of all your family right now and sending prayers. "You touched so many lives and the impact you had on this world will always be remembered @jamaledwards." A candlelit vigil was held in honour of Jamal on Tuesday evening, where people gathered around a mural dedicated to him in Acton, where he grew up. In 2014 at the age of 24, he received an MBE in the Queens New Year’s Honours List, where he became one of the youngest people to ever receive the honour. He was also an ambassador for Prince Charles’ youth charity, The Prince’s Trust. Prince Charles added to the tributes, tweeting: "Thinking of the family of Jamal Edwards today. "His work in music but also as an ambassador for a new generation, including his work for The Prince’s Trust, were an inspiration to so many."