Charlene White, 41, is best known for presenting the evening news on ITV, with her now also becoming an anchor on Loose Women since last year. The presenter has taken to Twitter to reply to social media users who compared her outfit on last night's news to character Linda La Hughes. Charlene sported a pink dress for last night's news, featuring a white zip down the front. Social media user Welchy1987 took to Twitter yesterday to share a picture of Charlene from ITV's News show along with a shot of Linda La Hughes from sitcom Gimme Gimme Gimme. Charlene shared the post in view of her 57,800 followers, along with three laughing face emoticons. Welchy1987 replied to the post: "I mean you looked fabulous as always but just reminded me of Linda La Hughes." READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Charlene replied: "It made me chuckle so much!" Welchy1987 responded: "Well if it made you laugh and smile then it was worth it xx." Other social media users took to the comments to laugh at the funny comparison. JudyTheresa66 said: "Two of my style icons." Cj_dex_ramonda added: "What a compliment! I'm glad you took it as such!" Linda La Hughes is a character from the BBC sitcom Gimme Gimme Gimme, and was played by Kathy Burke. The show aired for three series on the BBC between 1999 and 2001, with Kathy developing the series along with its creator Jonathan Harvey. The Loose Women team have been hit with a devastating loss this week as music mogul Jamal Edwards passed away unexpectedly at 31. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT] Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing [LATEST] Charley Webb opens up on 'beyond scary' time as son rushed to hospital [BREAKING] His mother was Loose Women star Brenda Edwards, with Charlene taking to Twitter to share a tearful post. Sharing a candid snap of Jamal, the Loose Women presenter admitted she was heartbroken by the tragic news. She began: "Your light shone so brightly that it touched so many of us, impacted the lives of many more, and changed the game forever. "And, you are my Brenda’s son. "There are no words to describe her heartbreak, our heartbreak, now that your light has gone." Charlene finished: "Sometimes life is terribly unfair." British entrepreneur and YouTube star Jamal Edwards' death was confirmed to the BBC. He was the founder of SBTV, an online urban music platform that helped launch the careers of artists like Dave, Ed Sheeran and Skepta.