Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has demanded talks with Daniel Levy after describing their fourth defeat in five as a 'disaster'. The Italian insisted the club need to find a solution to their slump and is willing for his future to be discussed with Levy after Wednesday's 1-0 defeat against Burnley. Tottenham's woeful run of form has seen them lose a lot of ground in the race for the Champions League places. Conte's men produced a wonderful performance at the weekend to beat Premier League leaders Manchester City and put an end to their blip in form. But Spurs were unable to build on that result as they were beaten by relegation strugglers Burnley. Tottenham were way off their best and rarely threatened in the first half. Harry Kane and co came out for the second half with more intensity but could not find a way through Burnley's dogged defence. JUST IN Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick slams players with Anthony Elanga message after Atletico draw And Sean Dyche's men secured a vital three points through Ben Mee's solitary goal 19 minutes from time. A furious Conte appeared to suggest he was considering his position as boss at full-time. The Spurs manager insisted their current form is 'unacceptable' and said 'conversations needed to be had and a solution found' before admitting he was happy for his future to be part of the discussion. "We are doing everything to change the situation but it's not enough. Four defeats out of five is not good enough. This doesn't happen to me. "Maybe I'm not so good. Tottenham called me to change things but I'm too honest. I could just take my salary but I'm too honest. We've lost four out of five games. This is unacceptable. If we continue on this way we have to pay great attention. DON'T MISS Man Utd draw with Atletico Madrid: Four things we learned from Champions League clash Liverpool smash Leeds: Five things we learned as Reds confirm Man City title race is on Michael Owen involved in on-air bust up with Chris Sutton over Champions League incident "In the last five games we lost four games. I think no-one deserves this type of situation but this is the reality. "I came in to improve the situation but at this moment I'm not so good to improve this situation. We are working hard. "We are trying to get the best out of every single player. I'm too honest. I'm not used to this type of situation and I'm trying to change it but I'm not." Conte also recently seemed to suggest his vision was not in line with Tottenham's with the club prioritising the signings of younger players over experienced ones. He moved to quash any rumours claiming he is unhappy at the club as he played down any concerns over Levy's transfer plans but has now plunged his future into doubt with his latest comments. Tottenham are now seven points off the final Champions League place and travel to Leeds next on Saturday.