According to easyJet data, over 30 percent of British tourists are planning to holiday in Spain this year. Which areas should they visit? The Tripadvisor Travellers’ Choice awards find the best destinations every year by analysing thousands of tourists’ reviews. In the Best Beach in the World category, two beautiful Spanish beaches made the top 25. The best beach in Spain was a stunning spot on the gorgeous Canary Island of Fuerteventura. Playa de Cofete was ranked just outside the Tripadvisor top 10 as the 11th best beach in the world. READ MORE: Where is hot in June - top five destinations for an early summer break One visitor to Playa de Cofete said: “Amazing out of this world place! So gorgeous and definitely worth the trip!” ‘Dustin M’ said: “Most beautiful beach of Europe. A must see. The road to get there can be tough but is well worth the trip.” ‘Frankoe Madine’ said: “Most beautiful drive to the best unspoilt beach in Europe. The drive was very challenging but worth it.” Reaching Playa de Cofete can be challenging as the road to the secluded beach is very bendy. However, intrepid explorers will be rewarded with the sight of one of the world’s most beautiful beaches. The second Spanish beach to make the top 25 in the world was La Concha beach in San Sebastian. The city in northern Spain is also easily reachable from southern France and is a tourist favourite. One visitor to La Concha said: “Beautiful beaches. Even on December 30 some were swimming, lots of kids surfing, paddling and bodyboarding. Very family orientated.” Another said: “Nothing but the beauty and more beauty. Peaceful, quiet, phenomenal views, very relaxing and the water is warm even in October.” ‘The Travelling Piggy’ said: “I can see why people rave about this area. You are completely wowed as soon as you see the beach. “It’s busy but you’ll see why when you get there. Unusual to have a beach in the middle of the city.” La Concha’s proximity to the city centre means tourists are never far from a delicious ice cream or fish dinner. Surfing is popular at some of San Sebastian’s other beaches while La Concha is perfect for swimming. British adults will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain and will need a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. Children between the ages of 12-17 can present a negative PCR test if they are not fully vaccinated. British tourists will need to fill in a passenger locator form after returning to the UK from Spain.