Divock Origi has become a cult hero at Liverpool since arriving in the Premier League in 2014. Although he has never been one of the first names on the team sheet, the Belgian has certainly created an impression at the club. The Belgium international is out of contract at Anfield at the end of the season and everything is pointing towards the striker leaving the club on a free transfer rather than extending his stay again, according to TuttoMercatoWeb. Origi has scored two goals in four league appearances so far this season but has fallen further down the pecking order of late. The return of Harvey Elliott from injury and the arrival of Luis Diaz in the January transfer window means that there is plenty of competition for a starting spot in the final third. But despite not featuring regularly under Jurgen Klopp, Origi has attracted the interest of several Serie A sides. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  Atalanta and Napoli are both believed to have contacted the Reds last month to enquire about the 26-year-old’s availability, though a deal never materialised as the ‘situation was still evolving’. TuttoMercatoWeb also reports that the Italian outfits are also in talks with the forward at the moment. But a move to Napoli is looking unlikely for Origi as he currently earns £3.75m-per-year at Liverpool, which is above their salary limit of £2.5m-per-year. However, that, of course, doesn’t mean that the player isn’t willing to take a pay cut if he is keen to work under Luciano Spalletti at the Stadio Diego Armando Maradona. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  It will be crucial for Spalletti to sign Origi in the summer if the powers above him at Napoli decide to sell Nigerian forward Victor Osimhen. The striker has been linked with a move to several top clubs in Europe over the past few months, including Chelsea, and his appearances in the Serie A and the Europa League have somewhat justified why those calibre of sides are interested. Napoli are thought to be willing to part ways with the former Lille star if they receive a huge offer for his services, and they deem Origi as the ‘perfect substitute’ for the 23-year-old. However, that doesn’t mean that the two couldn’t lead the line together if Osimhen remains at the club for another season longer. Origi is sure to be a hit at his next club if he can make the same impression there as he has at Anfield. Speaking earlier this season, Klopp claimed that the former Wolfsburg star is one of the best finishers he has ever seen in his career. The German said: “(Origi) is an incredible striker and for different reasons, he did not play that often, but I hope one day he finds a manager that plays him more than I do," Klopp said after his side's win over Wolves. "He's one of the best finishers I've ever seen in my life. "In this great team, with our (front) three, he doesn't play all the time but he is a very positive boy, loves the club, wants to contribute and he did in an incredible way."