Robert Daws is a guest on Alan Titchmarsh’s Love Your Weekend today as he opens up about his upcoming projects. However, some fans of the star may be interested to know more about the actor’s life off-screen as well. Robert is well known for his work on The Royal, where he met his beloved wife Amy Robbins. As fans of the show will remember, she played his on-screen wife on the long-running series as well, Dr Jill Weatherill. The couple married in February 2003 and have two daughters together called Elizabeth and May. Robert also has another son called Benjamin with his first wife Amanda Waring. READ MORE: Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death  They were married from 1993 until 2002 and split when their son was two years old. The actor opened up about their divorce in an unearthed interview back in 2003. Speaking to The Mirror, he admitted there was “sadness” that came with their split. Robert said: "There's always a sadness when relationships break up and if there are children involved you've got to try and make sure they're OK.   "Ben gets a lot of love and I do the best I can. “I take it very seriously being a dad and see Ben as much as possible - at least once a week." At the time, the star had also opened up about his new daughter Betsy who was born in 2003, after his and Amy’s whirlwind romance. Speaking about finding love with his co-star after his marriage ends, Robert said it was “unplanned”. DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [INSIGHT]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [PICTURES]Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement [INSIGHT]   He added to the publication: "It was certainly unplanned. "We'd both left long-term relationships and the last thing we were looking for was another one, but that's life." Amy and Robert have been together since and even starred together in another project in 2016. They appeared in Rehearsal for Murder, which was produced by Bill Kenwright. Speaking about working together again in 2016, Robert admitted it was Amy’s idea.  He told The Sunday Post: “Bill’s very canny, so he probably thought it would be nice to have an actual couple playing the couple in the show, and he came to us with it. “We read the script and Amy said she really liked her part. “So that was the deal done because I wasn’t going to argue with that!” Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh is on ITV today at 10am. 