Barcelona new boy Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has revealed that he's already tried to convince contract rebel Ousmane Dembele to commit his long-term future to the club. Aubameyang has made an instant impact since arriving at the Nou Camp earlier this month. The Gabon star bagged his first goals for the Catalan giants at the weekend after netting a hat-trick in the 4-1 win over Valencia. But it's not just on the pitch that the former Arsenal star is making an impact following his claims on Dembele. The pair played together briefly during their time together at Borussia Dortmund before Aubameyang was lured to the Premier League by the Gunners. Dembele has recently returned to the Barca team following his contract stand-off, but he's been subjected to significant abuse from fans due to his refusal to pen a new deal. JUST IN: Chelsea handed double injury boost just in time for Carabao Cup final Aubameyang has now spoken out on how Dembele got in touch with him prior to his surprise switch to the Nou Camp - and how he's already made overtures to convince him to stay at the club. "The truth is that he sent me a message to find out if he was going to come and I didn't want to bother him because he was also in his situation but we kept talking a little bit," Aubameyang revealed to Mundo Deportivo. "It is something very special because we had an incredible year in Dortmund and he is an incredible player. Ousmane is one of the best on the ball and as a striker he is incredible. To tell the truth, I am very happy that he is here and when I arrived I told him: "You have to stay, man." DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye dealChelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star manChelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display When pressed on whether or not he expected Dembele to complete a U-turn, Aubameyang added: "I don't know, but the only thing I can say is that everything is possible in life." Dembele was exiled from the Barca squad for three weeks by boss Xavi Hernandez after he failed to agree a move away from the club in January; meaning Barcelona now face losing their big-money signing for nothing in the summer. Xavi made the decision to bring Dembele back in from the cold earlier this month - only for the ex-Dortmund man to be met with a majorly hostile reaction from angry fans during the clash with Atletico Madrid. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ But despite Xavi pleading with Barca fans to stop booing the striker, Dembele was heckled again during last week's Europa League clash with Napoli. "The fans were 10 of 10 and the support was brilliant throughout the game," said Xavi after Barca's impressive triumph against Atletico. "But I would like them to support Ousmane, too. I'd ask them to stop booing him." 