John Paul (played by James Sutton) has developed a binge drinking problem on Hollyoaks following the death of his partner and abuser, George Kiss (Callum Kerr). For quite some time, he has managed to hide his demons from his family but recently, his secret was almost revealed when bottles of vodka were found in Bobby Costello's (Jayden Fox) school bag. The coming weeks on the Channel 4 soap will only see the iconic character's problems getting worse and the storyline will culminate in a huge stunt set to air on the television programme later this year, which could see one resident of the Chester village die. The McQueen family have never had much luck when it comes to action-packed stunts on the show, with Sylver McQueen (David Tag) being killed off earlier this year when the Salon De The exploded. Carmel McQueen (Gemma Merna) also died several years ago when the programme featured a train crash for their annual stunt week. A number of other family members have also perished but the one person who has managed to evade death at every corner has been Mercedes McQueen (Jennifer Metcalfe). She has seen family members die, as well as quite a few of her husbands and lovers over the years and so her time could be running out. But the last person she would expect to kill her off would be her brother, John Paul, though he might not mean to end her life. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? As his drinking continues to spiral, Mercedes could begin to suspect her brother needs help but as she discovers why he's turned to the bottle, the conversation could turn emotional. With the iconic character clearly drunk and distressed, he could pour his heart out to his sister about George and feeling lonely. Trying to reason with him, Mercedes could see a very different side to her sibling as he becomes aggressive towards her. Turning to leave the house as she knows she cannot get through to her brother, the former landlady of the Dog in the Pond could be hurled back by a forceful hand grabbing her arm. In his drunken state, John Paul could try to reason with his sister but as she tries to break free, he could push her. Unfortunately, she could hit her head and die instantly as she suffers a severe bleed on the brain, leaving John Paul horrified. Knowing he is guilty, the iconic character could try to think of some solutions to his problems as he doesn't want to go to prison. Heartbroken his sister has gone but not wanting the authorities to point the finger at him, John Paul could set fire to the McQueen household. This is where the stunt element could come in as the property explodes in a blaze of fire and smoke, with local residents shocked by the scenes. As the fire crews recover Mercedes' body from the wreckage, they could rule it as an accidental death as they would think she simply tripped after going into the property to investigate the fire. DON'T MISS...Hollyoaks' Jamie Lomas shuts down two companies with debts of £92,000 [COMMENT]Loose Women's Kelle Bryan on falling victim to Tinder Swindler scam [COMMENT]Hollyoaks star Lysette Anthony slams bosses amid race row [COMMENT] Could this really be the end of the legendary character and would John Paul ever be found guilty of killing his sister? The actor who plays John Paul, James, has spoken out on his character's latest storyline and the drama which is coming. He said: "It gets very bad. "Wait until you see what we've been filming on location! There's some big dangerous stuff coming up and there's a reasonable budget. "[There is] quite a large crew, and a great location, so I'll let your readers jump to conclusions about that! "The skin on my face is sore from all the crying and I ache all over. We all know what we are getting ourselves into and I can't complain, I think the writers just like to make me cry," he told Inside Soap. So could the tears come from John Paul feeling the heartbreak over his sister's death and the part he played in it? Last year, the actress who plays Mercedes, Jennifer, spoke out on her feelings about her career and trying to juggle it with motherhood. At the time, she hinted she wasn't going to leave the show as she said on The Box Podcast: "Now because I don’t get to go out all the time, you’re a bit tired, your work becomes your social life, your everything. "It becomes your little bit of time for you as an adult. I honestly think going to work is like having a day off, having a bit of a break. “But then when I do go into work I can’t wait to pick him up from nursery. I love it. I feel very privileged." Just a year later and having been on the show for 15 years, could the time finally come for Mercedes to make an exit? Taking to Twitter, viewers have been commenting on John Paul's latest storyline, with Josi writing: "My heart keeps breaking more and more for John Paul. I can't cope seeing him like this #hollyoaks." Tom added on the social media platform: "How can the rest of the McQueens not see that John Paul has a drinking problem?! #Hollyoaks." Amber commented: "I'm very excited for the John Paul storyline cause I just know James is gonna kill it #hollyoaks." Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 6:30pm on Channel 4. First-look Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 7pm on E4.