On GB News this morning, the presenter hit out at the tax rules, branding it “thievery at the highest order”. IR35 rules are designed to crack down on tax avoidance by “disguised employees”. These are people who pay corporate taxes, which are typically lower than income tax and National Insurance contributions, by billing for their services via limited companies, despite effectively being full-time employees. However, Mr Holmes called out the Revenue for suddenly taking tax and National Insurance from 10 years ago, and claiming freelancers are actually employed people. He said: “Even if they were saying from Monday the rules will change, then everyone can adapt to that. “It’s the fact that they will ruin lives and ruin people. READ MORE: Universal Credit: Britons missing out on up to £2,900 each – are you eligible? “Everywhere you go, you have to be staff. Co-host Angela Rippon warned other Britons with smaller businesses that this tax will apply to them too. She added: “If you’re somebody who is running a small business, if you’re a window cleaner, or a builder, the rules are going to apply to you.” The HMRC are saying that people as freelancers are working as disguised employees. People who are genuinely self-employed do not come under the scope of the IR35 rules However Mr Holmes said he believes it’s “thievery”. He continued: “Disguised employees? They said it was all okay. “They said you freelance and run a business, you employ others around you. “But there is no sympathy, the country is broke. There is no point even protesting against this. “It’s thievery of the highest order.” The Revenue are asking freelancers for 10 years of tax and National Insurance, “which they have already paid,” Mr Holmes said. He said: “They will come for window cleaners, gardeners and taxi drivers. “You will know all about it - IR35." An HMRC spokesperson said: “The off-payroll working rules, known as IR35, were introduced in 2000 to ensure that individuals working like employees, but through their own limited company, are taxed like employees, creating a level playing field with other workers. These rules are not retrospective.” Express.co.uk has contacted the HM Treasury for comment.