The Prime Minister announced sanctions against five Russian banks and three "very high net wealth" individuals in a "first barrage" of measures. Gennady Timchenk, a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, was among the three individuals targeted. He warned any further incursions into Ukraine would be met with further action. Moscow last night officially recognised the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic as independent states. He sent troops into the territories of Ukraine on what he claimed was a "peacekeeping mission". "Today, the UK is sanctioning the following five Russian banks: Rossiya, IS Bank, General Bank, Promsvyazbank and the Black Sea Bank, and we're sanctioning three very high net worth individuals," Mr Johnson told MPs as he unveiled his response to the military aggression. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "I think honourable members will struggle to understand or to contemplate how in the year 2022 a national leader might calmly and deliberately plot the destruction of a peaceful neighbour. "Yet the evidence of his own words suggest that is exactly what President Putin is doing. "When I said on Saturday that his scheme to subvert and invade Ukraine was already in motion before our eyes, the events of the last 24 hours have sadly shown this to be true. "We must now brace ourselves for the next possible stages of Putin's plan. "The violent subversion of areas of eastern Ukraine by Russian operatives and their hirelings followed by a general offensive by the nearly 200,000 Russian troops gathered on the frontiers at peak readiness to attack." Britain has threatened to cut off Russian companies' access to the UK and US markers, blocking them from raising capital in London, should a full-scale invasion be launched. DON'T MISS:Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin ‘exploiting’ West’s weakness: ‘Increasingly obvious' [REACTION]Putin has aides 'trembling with fear' with 'somewhat deluded' strategy [WATCH] Russia's once-mighty superpower economy is now smaller than Italy's based on IMF data, with a nominal GDP of around £1.25trillion. Cutting Moscow off from Western markets would have severe consequences for the country's economy. Mr Johnson said in a broadcast clip ahead of his statement: "They will hit Russia very hard and there is a lot more that we are going to do in the event of an invasion. "Be in no doubt that if Russian companies are prevented from raising capital on the UK financial markets, if we unpeel the facade of Russian ownership of companies, of property, it will start to hurt." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced measures would be brought into place yesterday in conjunction with the US and EU as Western leaders look to preent a united front. She said Mr Putin's actions could not be allowed to go "unpunished". Mr Johnson phoned the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy late last night to reaffirm his unwavering support in the face of Moscow's attacks.  "Outlining his grave concern at recent developments in the region, the Prime Minister told President Zelenskyy that he believed an invasion was a real possibility in the coming hours and days," a Downing Street spokesperson said. "He told President Zelenskyy that the UK had already drawn up sanctions to target those complicit in the violation of Ukraine’s territorial integrity, and that those measures would come into force tomorrow. "The Prime Minister also said he would explore sending further defensive support to Ukraine, at the request of the Ukrainian Government. "The leaders agreed that the West needed to support Ukraine in the event of an invasion but should continue to pursue a diplomatic solution until the last possible second. "Regardless of President Putin’s actions, the UK would be steadfast in its full support of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, the Prime Minister said." With Britain working around the clock to do everything possible to urge Russia against a full-blown invasion of Ukraine, the UK's ambassador to the UN last night lashed out at President Putin for bringing Europe "to the brink". She told an emergency session of the UN Security Council: "The humanitarian impact will be terrible on civilians fleeing the fighting. 'We know that women and children will suffer most." She added that an invasion would unleash "the forces of war, death and destruction" on the people of Ukraine.