Last night Brian May teased fans with the upcoming remastering of his second solo album Another World. The Queen legend captioned an Instagram post: “What’s this ?! I’m going to put up a special announcement about this exciting development at 11am GMT tomorrow, Thursday 24th Feb - specially for my pals here on IG - for all of you who have built my Bri-Army and supported me so magnificently these past months. And of course for all you time-honoured readers of my time-honoured Soapbox at BrianMay.com ! I wanted you to be the first to know my plans, and have the chance to participate. Til soon ! Bri X.” This morning, Brian announced an exclusive signed edition of his second full solo album Another World, which was originally released in 1998. Just like his 1992 record Back To The Light, it has been long unavailable on any format. Having remastered and re-released the first in his Gold Series last year, the 74-year-old is planning the same for Another World, on April 22, 2022. The Queen legend shared on his Instagram: The new box set package comes in a special collector’s 12” Lift Lid Box. Inside the box, the two CDs are housed in separate card wallets. The first CD is the original album 'Another World' newly re-mastered by Bob Ludwig from the original master tapes. The second CD, 'Another Disc', contains alternative versions, B-Sides and live tracks. The LP is presented in 180g heavyweight sky-blue colour vinyl in spined sleeve with printed inner bag. Also included is a 32-page booklet containing photos and album notes, along with an enamel 'Another World' badge. Brian has personally supervised the contents and design of the whole package. A very limited number of these sets have in addition been personally signed by Brian. For these we are asking a 50 per cent higher price. The extra 50 per cent will be donated by Brian to the Save Me Trust. Thanks all ! Here we go !” In another post, Brian said how he’s planning on avoiding the boxsets being snapped up to be resold on eBay. The guitarist wrote: “Hello esteem’d folks. Welcome to ANOTHER WORLD !!! I’ve been looking forward to this day for a long time. Right now I’m posting this message to give you guys a special window of opportunity to get first shot at the special editions we’re putting on pre-order today. The album is being released in a number of formats, but the prime collector’s piece will be the BOX SET. We’ve spent many an hour getting all the components optimised, and it will be a limited edition, designed to match up perfectly alongside the 'Back to the Light' Box Set.” DON'T MISSBrian May: ‘Kids today should know The Beatles music as well as Queen’ [EXCLUSIVE]Brian May ‘really hated’ Queen song's use in classic movie [EXCLUSIVE]Brian May's warning for Elvis biopic after making Bohemian Rhapsody [EXCLUSIVE] Brian added: “But also a VERY limited number will contain a personally signed portrait of me as younger person ! Now we did this last time, for BTTL, and we offered these signed items at the regular price. Which seemed fair. But what happened was they got snapped up by those E-bay dealers that we all detest, who then were able to demand hugely inflated prices, because they were so rare, and many of the most devoted fans had missed the opportunity to get one. So this time, we hatched a different plan, guided by suggestions from many of you. We’re offering the signed boxes at a 50 per cent increased price, and that extra 50 per cent will all go to the Save-Me Trust. Now maybe that seems like a big hike, but what we’re hoping is that all the people who REALLY care about owning the-top-of-the-line product will be able to get one, because it will be much harder for the scalpers to make a profit on it, so they will stay away. And you have the choice … the first pick. Just click the secret link in my SLINK - in my Bio on my Instagram home page - or in Bri’s Soapbox. If you want the regular box, you can secure that immediately. If you want to invest in the signed one, it might seem a bit expensive, but at least you can get hold of it, and you know that the extra cash goes to a very good cause. Well, I’m sure the result will not be perfect, but hopefully it will be good ! More announcements soon. We’re heading towards Another Launch - and - dare I say it - another Bri Day !!! Cheers all. Hope you have fun… Thanks ! Bri.” Another World is released on April 22, 2022 and can be pre-ordered as a limited edition here.