United Kingdom Prime Minister Boris Johnson's press conference on Thursday afternoon focused entirely on the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, with Russian troops having moved into the eastern region of Ukraine on Thursday morning. And his ban on certain Russian companies will have a huge impact on Manchester United's income, after he stated that Red Devils' sponsor Aeroflot would be banned from trade in the UK - costing the club £8million-per-season.  Russia moved into the Luhansk and Donetsk regions of their neighoburing country on Thursday morning, opening fire on the border they claimed they were 'peacemaking in' earlier this week. Citizens in the Ukrainian capital city of Kyiv have heard explosions and air-sirens throughout the day, whilst chilling footage of the Russian Air Force firing rockets at buildings full of children and women have emerged. Thousands have been aiming to flee the nation, causing traffic jams and logistical problems as they look for safety in neighbouring countries. Ukraine has vowed to fight back, which could mark the start of a major European war according to president Volodymyr Zelensky. But in an attempt to freeze Russia out of the European market, Johnson confirmed that companies Gazprom and Aeroflot amongst others would no longer be allowed to trade with the UK. And that may have huge ramifications for United, who have Aeroflot as their airline partner - with a deal thought to be worth over £8m-per-season up in the air. The airline, founded in 1923, is currently owned by the Russian Government due to their 51 per cent majority share. With a revenue of £5.8bn in 2019, the company have a huge standing in the airline industry. Their deal with United began in 2013, with United players flying to their games outside of the UK being a key part of the agreement. Yet after Johnson's news, United have reportedly confirmed their intentions to drop the sponsor 18 months before their contract runs out due to the conflict. Johnson heavily condemned the behaviour of the Russian government, with many calling the situation the 'closest Europe has come to war since 1945'. And he tweeted his support for Ukrainian natives after speaking to president Zelensky. "I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelensky to discuss next steps," Johnson tweeted early on Thursday morning.  "President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. "The UK and our allies will respond decisively." Questions have been raised over how United will look to cut the deficit of their huge financial loss.