The woman challenged the Russian soldier in the Ukrainian town of Henichesk, a port city on the sea of Azov in the South Eastern tip of the country. The resident shouted at the soldier: “What the f*** are you doing in our land?” After he failed to calm her down, she shouted back at him as she walked off: “You should put sunflower seeds in your pockets so they will grow on Ukrainian land after you die."  The brave woman was hailed as having “real guts” by Britons. Express.co.uk readers were quick to praise the defiant lady. Jojo90 said: “What a woman, does she want to be our PM? “Some real guts, god bless her.”  Taking to Twitter, Branden Haralson said: “Ukrainian woman asked a Russian soldier why they’re doing this. “Then told the solider to put sunflower seeds in his pocket so when he dies on their soil he can contribute to their ecosystem. “And you think you’re badass for refusing to wear a mask at Costco?” Another Twitter user wrote: “The coming days and nights in Ukraine are likely going to be long and hard. “But with a spirit like this woman shows, Putin may find he bit off way more than he can chew. “#PocketSunflowers to grow sunflowers from their graves!”  READ MORE:Russia attacks MAPPED: Everywhere in Ukraine with explosions reported Chris Taylor wrote: “Am I the only one reading that over and over, and getting chills each time?” One Twitter user, praising the woman, wrote: "The bravery is amazing! Thank you! We stand with you!" Ukrainian soldiers have also reacted in defiance against the Russian military. Thirteen border guard soldiers on Snake Island in the Sea of Azov were confronted by two Russian navy warships. Upon the Russians ordering the soldiers to lay down their arms and surrender or be bombed, the leader of the group radioed back “Russian Navy… Go f***k yourselves", before the island was shelled by the gunboats. The incident was confirmed as genuine by the Ukrainian Interior Ministry, and the fallen soldiers were praised as heroes by President Volodomyr Zelenskyy.  DON'T MISS:Show host mocked after saying holiday ruined by Putin [REVEAL]Europe issued chilling Putin warning [REPORT]Man nets £60k after spending ten weeks hunting meteorite [INSIGHT] Ukraine has vowed to stand up and fight against the Russian invasion, however, the most current images appearing from the capital Kiev claim to show Russian tanks rolling in the streets of the city. Multiple other cities have been attacked by Russian military assets. The move has seen an exodus of citizens fleeing the most vulnerable areas, with many heading West towards Moldova and Poland. Warnings of millions of Ukrainian migrants flooding into Europe has sparked fear of a grave humanitarian crisis. The West has condemned the invasion by imposing crippling economic sanctions on Russia but have stopped short of sanctioning Putin himself.  In a speech addressing the punitive measure, US President Joe Biden stated the sanctions would be effective, and it may take one month for impact to be felt. Mr Biden made clear American troops would not fight in Ukraine, but the US would help defend "every inch of NATO territory" - as he authorised additional US forces to Germany. Britain has also joined in with imposing sanctions on Russia. Making a statement in the Commons, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said more than 100 businesses and individuals will be tackled with sanctions, including "all the major manufacturers that support Putin's war machine". Mr Johnson added there are also plans to introduce legislation that would limit the number of deposits Russian nationals will be able to hold in UK bank accounts and to work with G7 and NATO allies to shut off the country's access to the SWIFT payment system. 