Jeffy Hordley made his first appearance in Emmerdale in 2006, before his character Cain Dingle was written out of the ITV soap. However, he made his return in 2009 and has been the centre of many dramatic storylines ever since. One of Jeff's main storylines included finding out his uncle Zak (played by Steve Halliwell) was his biological father. He also had a relationship with his cousin Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) and discovered he was Debbie's (Charley Webb) dad. When he’s not acting, Jeff is also a DJ and also an avid gardener, having recently filmed a show for CBBC with his wife Zoe Henry, who plays Rhona Goskirk in Emmerdale. Despite spending a large chunk of his career playing Cain, Jeff admitted if he had to start his career all over again, it would be a struggle. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' Speaking to pal and Emmerdale extra, Mik Artistik in his Ego Podcast, Jeff explained if he was 21 now and had to start over again it would be very different. "I think it would be a lot harder," the actor began. "There seems to be a pressure, certainly looking at some of the younger actors that come into the TV industry. "There's a lot of...it's all about social media. That is to create a buzz about yourself and to get your profile up. "And for me, that sits...I don't really like all of that kind of side of it." He continued: "So, to have to try and feel like I need to get on that otherwise I might not be helping my career. "It would really trouble me and I would probably want to pull away from it," the Cain Dingle star went on to admit. "And for that reason maybe I wouldn't be successful as nowadays, but I was lucky that I did these years." The 51-year-old went on to explained he had a "tough two years" which he'd never spoken about before. DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [INSIGHT]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] "I had two tough years where I was going to give it up," Jeff added. "The first two years of acting and leaving drama school and there wasn't much work at all. "It was thanks to my wife Zoe and thanks to my mum and thanks to my uncle Jon who said, 'you've worked three years at drama school why are you giving it up?' "I was just frustrated with sitting on my backside and not doing anything." Jeff said at one point in his career, he was swaying more towards DJ'ing than his acting. "I look back on it now and I think, 'you should have enjoyed that more'," he said. "I was too busy wanting to be an actor but now I get to DJ every now and again." Jeff's current storyline saw Cain trying to win over Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) after his son admitted to being scared of him. Friday's instalment saw the bad boy dressing up like a superhero while parading around the village in fancy dress. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.