Sony is getting ready to reveal the free PlayStation Plus games line-up for March 2022. As part of the subscription package, PS Plus members get access to online multiplayer, as well as cloud storage and exclusive discounts. But arguably best of all are the free PS4 and PS5 games available to download each month. The current crop of free games include EA Sports UFC 4, Tiny Tina’s Assault on Dragon Keep: A Wonderlands One-shot Adventure and Planet Coaster: Console Edition. Here's everything you need to know about the March 2022 free PS Plus games, including reveal date, time, release date, leaks, predictions and PS Plus membership deals. If you're eagerly awaiting the PS Plus free games reveal, then the good news is that there isn't long to wait. The March 2022 free PS4 and PS5 games will be unveiled at 4.30pm UK time on February 23. Replacing the existing line-up, the games will be available to download and install less than a week later on March 1. The PS5 version of GTA Online will also be available for PS Plus subscribers, although not until March 15. This is likely to be a bonus download, and not one of the main releases. In terms of leaks, things have been pretty quiet on that front, although one rumour suggests Sifu will be available as a free game. Some fans have spotted a PlayStation Plus icon on the Sifu logo in the recently played library. This is the same icon that appeared on other PS Plus games in recent months. Personally, I can't see Sifu being given away for free at this early stage in its release. Customers who purchased the game at launch would undoubtedly complain about Sifu being given away for free, just a few weeks after it was released. Fans have also been predicting the PS Plus line-up in a monthly thread over on Reddit. One of the games with the most votes is BioMutant, which is an action RPG featuring kung fu animals. Other predictions include Firewatch, Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order, Dark Souls Remastered, Watch Dogs Legion and Sackboy A Big Adventure. If you're looking to join PS Plus and want to save some money, clicking on the ShopTo link above will take you to the PlayStation Plus store page on the retailer's website. A 12-month PlayStation Plus membership is currently being sold for £41.85. That's down from the regular £49.99 asking price.