Red Bull appeared to have orchestrated an impressive ploy to distract and deceive budding title contenders ahead of the 2022 season. Their new challenger, the RB18, made its first appearance at the pre-season testing in Barcelona on Wednesday. Red Bull held their car launch earlier this month, although its livery was actually revealed on a show car produced by F1. The Milton Keynes-based outfit conducted a practice at Silverstone prior to pre-season testing, but no imagery or video clips were made public. World champion Max Verstappen took to the track for the first time at the Circuit de Catalunya donning a new number as well as a new car, He has elected to sport the no.1 officially reserved for the world champion rather than his favoured no.33. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton spotted inspecting Red Bull garage at pre-season test The 2022 F1 season is the ushering in of a new era, with new rules and regulations set to force teams to adjust their cars to capitalise on new technical innovations. The regulations have been designed to improve competition and parity within the sport after a year dominated each week by Mercedes and Red Bull. When Verstappen took to the track, there were several notable differences to the previously released images of the Red Bull car for the 2022 season. The sidepod features a large undercut while there was also an intriguing diffuser. DON'T MISSNorris teases Ricciardo as McLaren hit the track for for testingWolff reacts to Mercedes' potential new F1 rival as Andretti leads bidGeorge Russell makes Lewis Hamilton comment that Toto Wolff will love The radically different car at testing suggests Red Bull have implemented a clever ploy to hide aspects of their car that are very different to other 2022 cars. It means bitter title rivals Mercedes are only just learning about the new designs now as Red Bull seek to claim an early advantage over the Silver Arrows. If it works well, the plan could give Red Bull an advantage at the start of the season as Mercedes will not be able to imitate the design for a while - if at all. With Michael Masi removed as race director, F1 can finally move on from the controversy that engulfed the offseason surrounding the dramatic end to the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Testing begins at 8am GMT until 5pm GMT on Wednesday and Thursday, with the first session running until 12pm GMT while the second gets underway at 1pm GMT for four hours. There is just a morning session on Friday. There is an hour for lunch that can be skipped to catch up on track time if it is lost due to red flags or poor weather conditions. Overall testing time is capped at nine hours per day. The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.