Meghan Markle is a style icon in her own right, but at the weekend her style inspiration was another royal woman – the late Princess Diana. Maxwell Stone, creative director of jeweller Steven Stone, revealed how Meghan honoured her mother-in-law through one piece of jewellery. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped out this weekend to attend the NAACP Image awards in Los Angeles. They accepted the honour of the President's award, which recognises distinguished public service and philanthropic acts. She wore an incredible Christopher John Rogers dress in ‘Cunningham blue’. Of course, the Duchess wore her outstanding £260,000 engagement ring, which features a central diamond from Botswana, and two smaller diamonds from Princess Diana’s own collection. READ MORE: Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens At the awards ceremony, Meghan also wore a gold cuff bangle that once belonged to her late mother-in-law. The jewels perfectly complemented the Duchess’ gold shoes, which was showcased by the slit in one side of her dress. But the gold cuff bangle was as much about sentiment as it was about style. Maxwell stated: “The bracelet features two large royal blue cabochon sapphires, that look to be around 5ct each.” This blue detail complemented the two-tone Christopher John Rogers Dress, reportedly around £2,000, which boasted ‘Cunningham blue’ and a sash of bright blue. Maxwell continued: “The stones are embellished with small diamonds on a yellow gold cuff. “This bracelet likely has a high price tag, thanks to the size of these stunning stones. With this in mind, I'd estimate it's worth around £25,000. "Not only did the cabochon sapphires match Meghan's dress perfectly, they also have a spiritual meaning. "Traditionally, it is believed that sapphires have calming properties, promote peace and pristine rest, helping to slow down the mind." The style icon loves an expensive jewel, but is able to pair these with more inexpensive finds to create a dynamic look. She tied the ensemble together with statement £94 Alexis Bittar Crumpled Metal Post earrings. But this isn’t the first time Meghan has stepped out in Princess Diana’s gold bangle. Royal fans recognised her late mother-in-law’s bracelet when Meghan and Prince Harry went on her royal tour of Australia in 2018. While Meghan obviously never met the late Princess, she is connected to her via a few select jewels, her engagement ring being the most notable. At the time of their engagement, Prince Harry told the BBC: "The ring is obviously yellow gold because that’s Meghan’s favourite and the main stone itself I sourced from Botswana and the little diamonds either side are from my mother’s jewellery collection, to make sure that she’s with us on this crazy journey together." It can be assumed that the Prince loved to see his wife wearing his mother’s bangle at an awards ceremony dedicated to achieving social justice. Meghan Markle also wore a diamond bracelet belonging to Princess Diana in Figi in 2018.