Starz’s long-awaited romantic time-travelling series Outlander will finally be making its return in March after the season five finale came to an end in May 2020. Claire Fraser star Caitriona Balfe opened up and share her opinion on her character's sex scenes with Jamie Fraser. With the highly anticipated season six finally expected to hit the screens in March, fans will be glad to know its premiere will be a feature-length episode. This comes as a reward for fans “for being so patient and waiting so long for the series to come back,” stated Balfe. Season six faced a major delay due to COVID-19 shutting down a number of productions in the film and TV industry. As a result of the pandemic and Balfe’s pregnancy, the upcoming instalment will also be reduced from 12 episodes down to eight.  READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap However, according to Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan, this won’t hugely impact viewers: “Because so much happens.” Thankfully for fans, the showrunners and the cast have been open about what the upcoming season will entail. This included the premiere, as bosses unveiled the script which detailed Claire and Jamie’s feelings about the latest addition to Fraser’s ridge as well as a steamy scene between the couple. By now viewers will be used to their sex scenes which have been featured countless times since the series began.  Although the depiction of sex is a huge part of displaying Claire’s sexuality, it was also an important part of her marriage to Jamie. It had greatly evolved since she discovered Jamie was a virgin when they first met in season one. In season six fans can expect to see the couple’s marriage continue to evolve as Heughan shared: “You never get to see the domestic daily life of a couple who actually make things work.” “We do somehow spend more time with them, there are some lovely moments where you see Jamie and Claire just being in each other's company.”  DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION] Outlander’s Sophie Skelton opens up on adapting to ‘different’ set [INSIGHT]Outlander's Sam Heughan shares doubts over success of Jamie role [INSIGHT] Although, Balfe admitted she enjoyed depicting “the inner workings and dynamics of their marriage”, the actress confessed to not being a fan of the sex scenes. She revealed: “I can't say that I love all of the sex scenes, they're never the most fun to film, I think at this point we know that they have a healthy sex life.” However, Balfe understood “it's a really core part of their relationship, they're as in love with each other now as they were from the get-go”. This will be a relief for viewers who were concerned about Claire’s fate after the brutal attack she faced in the season five finale.  In the horrifying scenes, she had been abducted and gang-raped by Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy) and his men for teaching women about sexual liberation. Balfe revealed: “Even before we filmed it, we had already started the conversations about how important it was to see the recovery and the fallout, I'm so grateful that our writers were prepared to give a lot of air time to that.” "I also think it's important that we see a character like Claire, who often gets this moniker of being a 'strong female', that whether you appear to be strong on the outside, something like this will really shake you to your core.” The actress added: “For Claire, who's always been able to compartmentalise and move on from traumas before, we see her experience PTSD and make some missteps along her journey of recovery.” Outlander season 6 is available to stream on March 6 on Starz in the US and Starzplay in the UK. 