Tottenham insiders’ stance on Antonio Conte has become clear amid claims the Italian might leave the club just five months after his appointment. Spurs have lost three of their last four Premier League fixtures with their season threatening to be derailed under Conte.  Conte replaced Nuno Espirito Santo in November but has endured a mixed start to life in north London. A 1-0 defeat by Burnley on Wednesday came after disappointing reverses against Wolves and Southampton. Saturday’s dramatic 3-2 victory over Manchester City offered a welcome respite but Conte’s future remains in doubt. The January transfer window saw Spurs add just two players – Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur – to Conte’s squad, while four departed. It prompted Conte to complain that his squad had become ‘weaker’ in an interview with Italian media, although the former Inter Milan boss insists he was mistranslated.   JUST IN: Liverpool icon Steve McManaman urges Barcelona starlet to wait That has not prevented rumours of him quitting, though, with his defeatist comments after the Burnley loss sparking more concern about his future. And now the view of some club insiders on the situation has emerged. According to The Athletic, many sources close to the club were ‘unanimous’ in their view that Conte will not be in his job next season. Conte initially turned down the role in the summer, with Nuno instead appointed ahead of his eventually ill-fated spell. That provided some scepticism when the 52-year-old replaced the Portuguese just three months into the campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Following the defeat by Burnley, Conte sensationally revealed that his future could be discussed as part of upcoming talks with the club’s board. “It was difficult tonight and not only tonight — in the last five games we lost four games,” the former Chelsea head coach said. “It means there will be assessment, assessment about the club, about me. The club has to make an assessment, also to speak together, to understand which is the best solution. “In this situation, the players are always the same. In this club, they change the coaches. The players are the same but the result doesn't change. I repeat. “I'm too honest to accept this type of situation and for sure we make an assessment with the club because, I repeat, it's not right, it's not good for everybody to continue to lose. I can't accept this and it's not good for no one.”   DON'T MISS...Man Utd and Tottenham face Mauricio Pochettino snubMan Utd tight-lipped on Aeroflot sponsorship despite Russia sanctionsLiverpool icon Steve McManaman urges Barcelona starlet to wait Conte’s post-match press conference lasted just two questions. He added: “I came in to improve the situation but at this moment I'm not so good to improve this situation. I’m trying to do everything to change the situation but the situation is not changing. “Someone has to speak about the race for top four but the reality from the last four games is we have to not fight for the relegation zone. “The reality is there’s something wrong. I don’t want to close eyes. I want to help Tottenham. I’m too honest to close my eyes and continue in this way, and also to take my salary. It’s not right at this moment. “I want to try to improve the situation and also to make assessment with the club because if we continue in this way, maybe we have to pay great attention because this league we can finish 10th, 12th, 13th — the same position as when I arrived.”   