I will outline here, as I have done in Parliament, that one easy win in the battle to keep the UK healthier, is a re-doubling of Government efforts to reduce the number of smokers. Cigarettes remain the largest cause of preventable deaths in the UK. Whilst it may have fallen down the list of government priorities, we have set ourselves an ambitious target of being a smoke-free nation by 2030. Sajid Javid, as Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, seems to be focused on finding out what will work to help smokers to switch, and ideally quit. Needless to say, hitting this target would have a huge net-positive impact on our health service; free up hospital beds, and save money which could be diverted to other causes. Last year, the government announced a plan to prescribe e-cigarettes to help smokers quit. While the workings of this policy are yet to be played out, it is a commendable step in the right direction, acknowledging the key role that vaping will play in our battle towards a smoke-free nation. The move also underscored the fact that vaping is 95% safer than cigarette smoking. The reasoning by health experts was as follows: we have tried to convince people to quit through tax and educational messaging, but now it is time to embrace switching for those who have yet to quit. Actions such as the Government’s commitment to vaping are encouraging, but, with seven million still hooked on cigarettes, and the recent announcement of the Smoking Review, we must go much further if we are to reach our 2030 target. In light of the Government’s newly announced review of smoking policy and its impact on health inequalitiers and its forthcoming updated Tobacco Control Plan, I urge ministers to adopt approaches that give cigarette smokers the best chance for their future health if they are unable to move away from cigarettes completely. Firstly, we need to make clear the distinction between cigarette smoking and vaping. There must be clear standards that differentiate smoking from vaping in public spaces—and importantly in work spaces. The last thing that someone attempting to quit smoking wants is to stand around in the same vicinity as smokers. Employers should have specific workplace vaping policies that balance the needs of vapers and smokers. I suggested in a debate last year, that the parliamentary estate could lead the way in adopting and implementing this policy. This would send a clear message that vaping in its various forms and cigarettes are different and should be treated as such. Secondly, vape retailers are unable to use their own websites and social media platforms to communicate the benefits of vaping to customers. The barriers faced by online vape retailers are disproportionate and should be removed to allow effective communication with those attempting to stop smoking, which is critical, for switching to vaping. If we do not allow vape retailers to communicate with potential quitters, misinformation and falsehoods will continue to spread, making it ever harder to reach smokers with the truth, leaving them ill-informed of the less harmful products available to them. Distinguishing vapes from cigarettes would be an enormous help, but what of other, less known products, aimed at helping cigarette smokers switch? As discussed, seven million still cling on to their cigarettes, if we adopt one approach for them all it is destined to go up in flames, so we must be open to new and emerging switching products. Case studies from across the world illustrate this point. Snus, an oral tobacco, is ubiquitous among those switching from cigarettes in Scandinavia. Research shows it is working in getting people off cigarettes and is less harmful. That is not to suggest that snus is a wholly healthy choice, but we must not, as Voltaire said, let the best be the enemy of the good, especially when there are lives at stake. Similarly, heated tobacco, popular across nations such as Japan, is – like vaping and Snus - less harmful than cigarettes and has led to a significant reduction in cigarettes sales, a sure sign that cigarettes smokers are switching to smokeless tobacco. In New Zealand, a bill has been recently enacted as part of a tobacco harm reduction framework that acknowledges vaping products and heated tobacco products have lower health risks than smoking and aims to support smokers to switch to these less harmful products.If we were to approach these other less harmful products, the same as vapes, and different to regular cigarettes, we will give ourselves a fighting chance to reach our 2030 target. With a national focus on health – these measures provide an easy way for the government to improve the nation’s health and level-up our communities. If we wish to hit our 2030 smoke-free target, we must, for the sake of the seven million remaining smokers, do more of what is working, and start it now.