BBC Breakfast hosts Victoria Derbyshire, and Ben Thompson helmed the show on Saturday morning with Member of Parliament James Heappey joining them in the studio virtually. When prompted with a question on if the UK would allow Ukrainian immigrants into the country as refugees, the MP seemed to come unstuck. The 53-year-old broadcaster covered the hard-hitting issue of the ongoing war in Ukraine. With videos and images of the hundreds of locals fleeing cities such as Kyiv, the host wanted to know if the UK would open its borders to those who needed it. Hoping to get some answers from the MP, she said: "I'm asking you, will England accept Ukrainians wanting to flee to safety? and if so, how many Ukrainians? Trying to steer away from the question, James added: "Sorry, I thought I had been clear; I don't know the answer to that question. "It's a work in progress for the Home Secretary." Not happy with his minimal answer, Victoria wanted to know exactly how the UK would react to immigrants heading to the country. She probed: "But we will accept some you would have thought?" James replied: "Victoria, I can't be any clearer, I don't know, it's a work in process for the Home Secretary it's not in my gift to make any announcement or to even make any sort of suggestion of an announcement in this interview today. "I have all of the details at my disposal around what's going on militarily in Ukraine and everything we are doing to help. I just can't make immigration policy." The duo battled back and forth, with Victoria accepting that he couldn't make immigration policy but wanted to know if he "personally" wanted to welcome any war refugees. Giving insight into his day to day, he did mention that whenever he is "not looking at maps of Ukraine", he is working on getting people out of Afghanistan through neighbouring countries. He even referenced that even though the media isn't covering it as much anymore, the UK is still working on the humanitarian crisis in Afghanistan. DON’T MISS… Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville Parker's future on BBC series [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise season 11 episode 8 cast: Who is in the finale?[LATEST] James ended with: "But just excuse me, I hope you and I hope your viewers will, if I'm just unable to make immigration policy on the hoof here on your show, and I apologise for that." The broadcaster added: "No need to apologise. "I don't think I was actually asking you to make immigration policy on the hoof, but fair enough." Viewers of the show took to social media to share their insight into the cumbersome interview.  Simon Alcock tweeted: "Heappey? You absolute s**t…. No comment on accepting refugees from Ukraine. Just p**s off, you utter turd. #BBCBreakfast." Eddy Edster thought the host should drop it: "#BBCBreakfast Please stop asking stupid questions and stick to subjects that matter." Where @iCrowby found it hard to concentrate with James' wardrobe malfunction meaning his shirt produced a glare on screen: "Can't take the armed forces minister seriously with that crazy strobing collar #BBCBreakfast." "#bbcbreakfast He'll be wearing a spinning bow-tie tomorrow..," Auld Bryan also commented on his appearance and lack of answering questions. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.