Eastenders icon Phil Mitchell (played by Steve McFadden) was recently arrested for affray after finding Tina Carter's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) body under the Argee Bhajee whilst trying to save Tommy Moon (Sonny Kendall) from his bullies. Phil was carted off in a police car on the night of his and Kat's (Jessie Wallace) engagement which left her standing in the streets heartbroken. However, Walford's resident loudmouth could be set for more heartache as Tommy begins to steal from her as his bullies up their torment. Could this push Tommy to run away from his family? In upcoming scenes of the BBC soap, Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) checks to see how Kat is doing without Phil but gets a shock when she reveals Phil has signed the businesses over to her. Meanwhile, Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) finds Tommy skiving and when he begs Kat for some money for a school trip, she tells him no. Things get worse for Tommy when the bullies message him demanding money by the end of the day or there will be precautions. Later, Kat realises Mitch Baker's (Roger Griffiths) wages have gone missing and her suspicions immediately turn to Tommy causing her to inadvertently embarrass him in front of the bullies. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? Despite his humiliation, Tommy denies he took the money and insists to Kat that the bullying has stopped. The tension between them rises with Tommy insisting he did not take the money, but Kat has more important things to worry about as she prepares to visit Phil in prison. Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) gives Kat a gift for Phil as she gives him her well wishes. At the prison, Kat tells Phil something isn’t right with Tommy but puts it down to him missing Phil. Despite his humiliation, Tommy denies he took the money and insists to Kat that the bullying has stopped. The tension between them rises with Tommy insisting he did not take the money, but Kat has more important things to worry about as she prepares to visit Phil in prison. Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) gives Kat a gift for Phil as she gives him her well wishes. At the prison, Kat tells Phil something isn’t right with Tommy but puts it down to him missing Phil. DON'T MISS...EastEnders icon Phil Mitchell framed for Tina's death? [LATEST]EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in exit twist? [INSIGHT]EastEnders exodus as two iconic families forced to leave Walford? [WATCH] DCI Samantha Keeble recently offered Phil an ultimatum of either becoming an informant or spending the rest of his life in prison. He declined her offer before getting his affairs in order so his loved ones and his business would be protected. Viewers know that Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) killed Tina back in December 2020 over fears she was going to expose him for his ex-wife Chantelle Atkins' (Jessica Plummer) murder. However, Gray is currently in a coma and can do nothing to stop the police from connecting him to Tina's death. The serial killer has spent monhts concealing his crimes and true identity after mudering Chantelle, Tina and Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami) and now abusing new wife Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams). Show bosses have recently annouced Gray's downfall will be exposed in the coming weeks. As the Carters deal with the fact their sister's body has been found, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) tells the police that Gray claimed to have seen her on a bus and she was also stealing money from her. Will Phil be cleared from Tina's murder when Gray is finally brought down? EastEnders currently airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on BBC One.