Any kind of cancer test that you can get is definitely worth going for but the fact is that, because of the pandemic, so many people have not been identified as having cancer and they can quite often find themselves diagnosed too late to do anything about it. It is a tragedy and one of the reasons for this, in my view, has been the difficulty in getting face-to-face appointments with GPs. I think the new contracts that GPs were offered some years ago, which meant they didn't have to work nights and could cut back on various duties, were a huge mistake and I feel they need to be changed. Unfortunately, unless you get to see a GP you can't really set the wheels in motion for a cancer diagnosis, and if you have cancer then you need to be screened and tested to confirm that. At the beginning of that process your GP is very important. So they need to get on with their role and stop blaming the lack of testing on the pandemic. There seems to be an overuse of Covid as an excuse. Most sensible people have had the vaccine, yet when I called into my GP's surgery the other day, people were waiting outside and only allowed in one at a time. There were protective screens everywhere and it just seemed to be excessive. ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- I'VE just had an amazing night out in town (London that is). I went to see my old friend Beverley Knight in The Drifters Girl musical at the Garrick Theatre. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- ----------------- MY FEW days off last week were ruined by seeing that appalling video of footballer Kurt Zouma drop-kicking a cat. What a moronic excuse for a human being! I have never seen anything so disgusting and yet, judging by the fact that his team, West Ham, allowed him to continue playing, the football fraternity seemed to think that it was OK... apologise and move on. So I'm delighted that he has been fined £250,000, and pleased that his sponsors seem to be deserting him and the club. Even better, his pets are now in the care of the RSPCA, who are investigating the matter. Hopefully this week we may see some action against this thuggish abuser of animals.