Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has been slammed by Micah Richards following the Russian’s statement which revealed he was “giving trustees of Chelsea's charitable foundation the stewardship and care” of the club.  Abramovich has decided to step aside for the time being following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on Thursday. “During my nearly 20-year ownership of Chelsea FC, I have always viewed my role as a custodian of the club, whose job it is ensuring that we are as successful as we can be today, as well as build for the future, while also playing a positive role in our communities,” the statement read. “I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart. I remain committed to these values. “That is why I am today giving trustees of Chelsea’s charitable Foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC. “I believe that currently they are in the best position to look after the interests of the club, players, staff, and fans.” JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash   But Richards believes the statement doesn’t reveal enough about the 55-year-old’s decision. “We need more than that don’t we,” Richards told Sky Sports. “After the last couple of days and just say you’re handing it over to charity, I think it’s poor. “There’s so many questions to be asked, to come out with a statement just like that. What does it even mean? “It’s almost written in code, we don’t want to tell you what’s happening, here you go read this and pick the bones and figure out what it means.” DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     Abramovich, who is one of Russia’s wealthiest people, took control of Chelsea in 2003 and turned them into a powerhouse of European football. During his time at Stamford Bridge, the Blues have won a plethora of silverware. Abramovich has been happy to spend big to acquire some of the best players in world football. And he has been rewarded with five Premier League titles, two Champions Leagues, two Europa Leagues, five FA Cups, three Carabao Cups and the Club World Cup.   But earlier this week, Labour MP Chris Bryant said the government should seize Abramovich’s assets. And the Rhondda representative also revealed that he had leaked a Home Office document which suggested the Russian should not be able to base himself in the UK. Abramovich is seen by some as a trailblazer for mega-rich overseas owners of Premier League football club. But it remains to be seen whether he will return to run the club again in the future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 