Channel 4’s hit property show A Place in The Sun took a trip to Costa de Antigua in Fuerteventura for Monday’s episode. Presenter Jasmine Harman was on hand to help Debbie and Steve find their dream holiday home with a budget of £70,000. The couple revealed they were hoping to find a property with one or two bedrooms and a communal pool. However, Jasmine got a shock when one viewing left the couple overcome with emotions.  The first property Jasmine took Debbie and Steve to was a one bedroom apartment on a complex with a communal pool. It was on the market for around £70,500, but the couple weren’t sure it was quite modern enough to suit their tastes. However, Jasmine had much more success at the second property which was under budget, priced at around £62,500. The apartment boasted one bedroom, a communal pool, and a balcony with sea views. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute As they walked into the front room, Jasmine said: “Look around. Tell me what you’re thinking.” It was clear Debbie and Steve were instantly impressed as they both exclaimed: “Wow!” “Is this more your style would you say Debbie?” Jasmine asked. Debbie replied: “Yes, the colour scheme and everything is nice and modern.” “I’m loving it. I’m impressed with this one,” Steve confessed.   Showing off the range of assets the property had, Jasmine remarked: “You’ve got the sea view, that is just like the cherry on the cake.” Steve admitted he was feeling emotional about the property despite not yet seeing all it had to offer. He said: “The hairs have gone up on my arm. It’s immense. I’m not normally an emotional person but this has turned me a little.” Jasmine questioned: “Is it the sea view that’s making you so excited?” However, the couple insisted there were multiple elements of the property they liked. “It’s light, bright, roomy, airy,” Debbie said, with Steve adding: “It’s just stupendous!” DON'T MISS...Frayed's Sarah Kendall details how Princess Diana inspired her outfits [EXCLUSIVE]Janet Street-Porter suggests Queen should retire [MUST SEE]Jeremy Vine hospitalised after fall from penny farthing [UPDATE] “Stupendous?” Jasmine exclaimed, stunned by Steve’s reaction to the property. “I’m trying to think of words to describe it. But, no, it’s really, really impressive. They’ve really looked after it,” Steve said. “This could be the one!” Debbie declared excitedly, with Steve agreeing: “It could be, it could be. When do we put the offer in?” Amazed by the couple’s enthusiastic response, Jasmine said: “Oh my gosh, really? Oh this is wonderful, I’m really pleased.” After the couple had finished viewing the whole apartment they reiterated how impressed they were with the holiday home. “I’m still overwhelmed,” Steve admitted, with Debbie adding: “We’re really happy.”    Jasmine was thrilled to see that the house hunters were won over by the property and continued her streak of success as they went on to view more. After viewing five properties, the couple revealed there were three that they were considering. However, when the time came to make a decision, Debbie confessed she wasn’t quite ready to commit to any of the properties. “It’s still a bit uncertain. Maybe I need more time. We did say it would be a joint decision,” Debbie said. Jasmine commented: “I mean, it’s a big decision to make and obviously you’ve got to make the right decision and you’ve got to agree.” “Lets hope that you manage to agree and you manage to find the holiday home of your dreams out here,” she added. A Place in The Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 