Peaky Blinders fans were devastated when Helen McCrory died of cancer last April at the age of 52. The actress was too ill to take part in production when filming of season six resumed in January 2021 after it was shut down because of the Covid pandemic. However, creator and writer Steven Knight has teased the Shelby matriarch will be present in some way in the final season. Polly Gray (played by Helen) is the glue that held the Shelby family together in the BBC drama. Both Steven and Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) have previously spoken out on how the final episodes will be a “tribute” to the actress. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Steven opened up on the tragic loss of Helen. He explained how Polly won’t be truly absent from the final season. Read more: Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray’s death sealed as star drops spoiler? He said: “The loss of the human being the loss of Helen is the tragedy and compared to that the loss of the character, the loss of Polly in this world is insignificant. “But we have to deal with it so I hope we've dealt with it in a respectful way and in a way that does justice to Helen and to Polly. “But as within real life when someone like that passes, they don't disappear. “They’re still around, they're still present within all the people who were left behind.” “So we've reflected that in that she's still a powerful force within the family even though she's not there physically,” he concluded. Earlier this year, Cillian spoke out on Helen’s death and his frustration at the pandemic halting production. "We were about to shoot and then the pandemic happened. “If we had shot then, Helen would've been in the show, and that makes me feel sad." DON'T MISSEastEnders injustice as Kheerat Panesar exits after killing Gray? [SPOILER]EastEnders' Jordan Atkins kidnapped as Gray flees Walford? [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew facing dark future with Charles on throne, expert warns [VIDEO] Speaking about Helen’s character Polly, he added: “It's a huge loss. “She was the matriarch of the whole thing. As the character, but just also as her personality.” "But she's still present in series six. Steve [Knight] managed to keep her very, very present,” he told Empire magazine. Steven previously confirmed to BBC Breakfast that the final season will be a tribute to the actress. He said: "The loss of the human being of Helen, who was such an incredible person… was a great tragedy for audiences. “We just felt that the energy of Aunt Polly and the energy of Helen persisted throughout the production. “Peaky will never be without the presence of Aunt Polly. "We decided very early on that we needed to push on and that we needed to finish it. “We hope that the series will be a testament to Helen." Peaky Blinders returns to BBC One on February 27 at 9pm.