Marvel actress Evangeline Lilly has urged Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to speak with residents who are protesting against vaccine mandates. The on-screen star - whose vaccination status is unknown - has previously explained that she is "pro-choice". The 42-year-old took to social media and shared her thoughts over the Canadian leaders' handling of the coronavirus pandemic. Demonstrators used hundreds of trucks and vehicles to block the city centre since January 28, prompting Prime Minister, Trudeau, to invoke rarely used emergency powers. The protesters initially wanted an end to cross-border Covid-19 vaccine mandates for truck drivers but the blockade turned into a demonstration against Trudeau. Taking to Bridge City News Instagram account, Lilly shared a video message, in view of their 38,900 followers, at the weekend. READ MORE: 'Will he regret it?' Naga jibes co-star after replacing BBC host She began: “Dear Prime Minister Trudeau, I want to speak to you today about your current approach to and current treatment of our fellow Canadians who are protesting your federal vaccine mandates. “They have asked to meet with you, Prime Minister - medical experts, top scientists, doctors, nurses, parents, grandparents, intelligent, loving, concerned citizens. She added: “If you’re so convinced of your own reasons for the mandates, sit down and walk the leaders of a group of 2.3 million protesters across the country who represent many millions more across the nation, and explain it to them and ask them to listen with open hearts and minds, and then reciprocate. On January 30, Reuters fact-checkers debunked an incorrect report attributed to Ottawa police that claimed 2.3 million people had participated in the protests. Lilly went on: "Listen to them with a mind open to hearing things that might go against the ideas that you are entrenched in. "Maybe there are solutions that can bring Canadians together right now." She added: "What we need right now from our leadership is unification and that includes being able to see, hear and recognise from the people sitting out in the cold at your door." Lilley's video comes after Trudeau explained that he planned to invoke the Emergency Act in order to stop the “Freedom Convoy” protests after weeks of demonstrations and blockades that shut down border crossings into the US and caused economic harm to both countries. DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Charlene White's heartbreak over Jamal Edwards death[LATEST]‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death[TRIBUTES]'He's alive!' Rylan Clark makes light of hospital stay after absence[UPDATE] Last month, the Ant-Man actress said she had attended a rally supporting "bodily sovereignty" in Washington DC. In a lengthy Instagram post, Lilly revealed that she joined the march because of her beliefs. "I was in DC this weekend to support bodily sovereignty while Canadian truckers were rallying for their cross-country, peaceful convoy in support of the same thing," the Canadian-born star began her post, referring to anti-vaccine protests in her native land. "I believe nobody should ever be forced to inject their body with anything, against their will, under threat of violent attack, arrest or detention without trial, loss of employment, homelessness, starvation, loss of education, alienation from loved ones, ex-communication from society…under any threat whatsoever," she continued. Lilley added: "This is not the way. This is not safe. This is not healthy. This is not love." The post comes two years after the Lost and Lord of the Rings actress was forced to apologise after comparing the deadly virus to a "respiratory flu". The Avengers star shared multiple black-and-white photos from the rally and listed her reasoning for why she does not believe in COVID vaccine mandates. The actress explained that she is "pro-choice".