Arsenal have been offered the chance to sign Joao Felix from Atletico Madrid this summer, according to reports. The Portuguese international, who was on target in a 1-1 draw against Manchester United in midweek, cost the Spanish giants a whopping £112.9million in the summer of 2019. Yet the 22-year-old has failed to live up to expectations at the Wanda Metropolitano - despite winning La Liga last season - meaning Atletico could now cut their losses. There has been plenty of interest from the Premier League in Felix since he burst onto the scene with Benfica in his homeland. Both Manchester City and Manchester United briefly considered moves before Atletico beat them to a blockbuster deal. Now it appears the Premier League is a potentially likely destination for Felix should he leave Atletico this summer. READ MORE: Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale taunts Ruben Neves after last-gasp Wolves win According to The Independent, Arsenal have already been offered the chance to sign the nimble attacker. The Gunners have remained cool though and are unmoved as they continue to focus on the current campaign. Mikel Arteta will spend big on a forward though after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in January. The same report claims Arsenal felt they had a deal agreed for the Serbian international, who later joined Juventus from Fiorentina. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta goaded Wolves bench with hidden 'time-wasting' celebrationArsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale taunts Ruben Neves after last-gasp Wolves winArsenal star loved by Jurgen Klopp reveals how Man Utd rejected him after four trials Vlahovic and his reps had no interest in a move to north London and were instead holding out for Juve. Another striker that has seemingly been floated to Arsenal in Lille's Jonathan David. Arsenal chief Edu held a meeting with David's agent in December and the Canadian is of interest to the Gunners. His representatives have also confirmed he will leave Lille at the end of the season. The defending Ligue 1 champions have struggled to build on last season's achievements and currently sit 11th in the table. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak are also thought to be of interest. First Arsenal need to determine whether current club captain Alexandre Lacazette will be staying or leaving at the end of the season. The former Lyon frontman, who has held talks with his old club over a return, is out of contract in June. Arteta would like him to stay but so far the club are yet to agree a new deal with their 30-year-old striker, who struck the winner in Thursday night's 2-1 win over Wolves.