The Prince of Wales, 73, continued his royal duties this week with a visit to Hereford Cathedral. The future King’s outing on Tuesday came after he emerged from COVID-19 isolation on Friday. Charles tested positive for Covid on February 10, two days after meeting his mother, the Queen. The positive result is the prince’s second time catching the virus during the pandemic. His mother, the Queen, then tested positive for Covid on Sunday and is experiencing “mild cold-like symptoms”. The royal Covid cases come after Charles and the Queen marked her Platinum Jubilee earlier this month. The occasion commemorates the 70th anniversary since Her Majesty’s accession to the throne in 1952. Against the backdrop of this historic milestone, questions have been raised over how Charles, as heir, will one day succeed the Queen. Charles’ is set to be crowned at Westminster Abbey in a service conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury, as per royal tradition. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan enjoy dinner with Eugenie as Sussexes may not return for Platinum Jubilee However, the ceremony could come up against a “problem” due to its “archaic” order of service, an expert has claimed. Professor Vernon Bogdanor at King’s College London told Express.co.uk about what people may expect to see at Charles’ coronation. He said: “Part of the problem that will be faced is that some of the [ceremony] will appear archaic. “To take one example, in 1952, the Accession Council was restricted to Privy Counsellors and also what was then called other ‘gentlemen of quality’. “Today, the coronation peers attend but not MPs. And it is a further point that the coronation is an Anglican religious service. “Now, apparently only 18 percent of the country call themselves Anglican. It is a minority religion and still the established church. “So, there is some modernisation needed. It is probably too late to do that at the Accession Council.” Prof Bogdanor added: “I don’t know whether anything will be done [to modernise the ceremony] but that will take place some months after the accession.” An Accession Council will normally come together within 24 hours of the death of a Sovereign to make a formal proclamation of their successor and to iron out other details. The Council is split into two parts, the first of which is attended by dozens of officials, including Privy Counsellors, but not the new Sovereign. DON'T MISS: WATCH: Hilarious moment Kate Middleton's ride down Legoland slide almost ends in disaster [LATEST]Wallis Simpson’s bizarre gift to royal chef: ‘What am I to do?’ [INSIGHT]Royal Family 'relieved' Prince Andrew settled Virginia Giuffre case: 'Would be ghastly' [ANALYSIS] The Sovereign attends the second part of the Council and is joined by Privy Counsellors only. Prof Bogdanor said that young people may not be able to relate to some elements of the service, such as the monarch swearing to support the Churches of England and Scotland. He said: “There is a problem with the ancient ceremonial. Some young people may say, ‘What has this got to do with us?’ “For example, the Church of Scotland, most people will say, ‘Well what is the relevance of that?’. “Then at the coronation, the Queen promised to support the establishment of the Church of England and then was confirmed as monarch. “That appears archaic to many people today. I think that is the key problem.”