Since the Brexit transition period ended, British expats in Spain who didn’t exchange their UK driving licence, have to apply for a Spanish one if they want to continue to drive. They will have to take a driving test in Spanish. Although there have been several extensions to the UK licence expiry date, the British Embassy in Spain has said there are “no guarantees”. On its official Facebook page ‘Brits in Spain’, the Embassy said: “Many of you have been in touch with us to ask whether you will continue to be able to drive in Spain using a valid UK licence after February 28 2022, which marks the end of the current grace period. “We recognise your concerns and want to reassure you that we remain fully committed to reaching a long-term agreement with Spain, so that residents can exchange their UK driving licences without taking a test.” It added: “Spanish licence holders can in the UK and as UK licence holders can in the vast majority of other EU member states. READ MORE: Beautiful town will pay people £4,200 to move there “Negotiations are ongoing. But we cannot provide any guarantees, so it is important that - if it is imperative for you to drive - you consider all your options, which may include looking into taking a driving test. “We will continue to keep you updated on developments.” The Embassy advised British expats to follow the Facebook page and register on the Government website for updates. The announcement prompted anger among some British expats who do not wish to take a Spanish test. Joanne Whearity said: “Ban the exchange of all Spanish licence holders to UK licences until reciprocal exchange arrangements are applied in Spain as your ‘diplomatic’ efforts don’t seem to be working.” However, Michael Soffe said: “As I am sure you know, many Brits never bothered to exchange when it was a straight swap and a simple process. “They wish they had now.” Graham Cunningham said: “How many years have these people had to change over their licences? “Wouldn’t it be better for the Embassy to use its resources to help out those who are in trouble due to unforeseen circumstances?” Carol Bell said: “Having held a UK licence for over 50 years, and having worked as a driving instructor for a few years, I would find it very difficult to forget all the rules of the road that I have followed, and taught, over the years, and try to drive the Spanish way. “Easier to just give up driving.” However, Christine Gent said: “I’ve done the Spanish driving test after 47 years of UK and Italian driving.“You would have no problem at all with it. Like anywhere, there are good and bad drivers in Spain.” British expats would need to take a theory and practical driving test in Spain to qualify for a licence. Expats may be able to take the theory test in English but would need to pay an extra fee to do so. The theory exam costs 92 euros (£77) while the practical test costs 123 euros (£103) to take. Unlike in the UK, driving tests in Spain are sometimes taken in a group and people take turns to drive.