Ruth Langsford, 61, had opened up about getting older as well as why she decided to get fit. The presenter explained how she had begun running as she detailed what gave her the “motivation” to do this. Ruth admitted she felt pressure to keep running for those who were not able to. She explained how someone with arthritis as well as someone with Parkinson’s had told her how they wished they could do the sport. She said: “I felt a little bit like, ‘come on, you have got two legs and two arms and a body that can move.’ “You realise that you’re really lucky.”  “I thought, ‘you’re 60 years old and you’ve got a body that works, come on.’ “I was very mindful of the people that couldn’t and that gave me motivation as well.” Ruth shared the insight in the RunPod podcast with her former This Morning co-star Jenni Falconer. She was a guest on the podcast back in December where she admitted she wanted to lose weight.  However, the presenter also candidly admitted she was finding it hard to keep running. Elsewhere, Ruth recently opened up about how she suffered from some “unimaginable debt” when she was younger. Opening up on Loose Women, she spoke about her issues on a show at the end of January. This came up when the panellists were discussing “buy now, pay later” schemes. DON'T MISS... Dawn French shares 'real trigger' for hair transformation [INSIGHT]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [PICTURES]Holly Willoughby sparks frenzy over unlucky wardrobe malfunction [VIDEO]   Ruth explained: "I remember at a very young age, when I got my first job, of getting into store card debt. “So I remember going to Chelsea Girl - as it was then - and buying one thing. "Then there was something on the counter that said, 'You can have £200-worth of clothes right now for just £5 a month!' “And I was working and I was like, 'That's good actually!' So I said to her, 'Can I do that today?' And she was like, 'Yeah, yeah, yeah.'”  Ruth admitted this soon became “unmanageable” as she did the same thing with multiple shops. The presenter admitted she was lucky as a bank manager helped her get out of debt. She continued: "He called me in and said, 'What's going on here?' and I said, 'Oh, I've got these cards...' “And he took the cards and he cut them up and said, 'Right, this is what we're going to do - I'm going to give you a loan, we're going to pay all of those off and you're never to use them again because you're not using them properly.'” 