The Welsh rugby legend will be analysing highlights of the Six Nations today as Wales take on Ireland. The Dragons go into the opening match of this year’s tournament as defending champions, after they won four out of their five matches last year. ITV have live coverage of Ireland v Wales from the Aviva Stadium this afternoon on ‘Six Nations Live’, presented by Mark Pougatch. Thomas will be joined by fellow pundits Brian O'Driscoll and Rory Best, while commentary comes from Miles Harrison, Shane Williams and Gordon D'Arcy. As one of the most-capped players in the history of Welsh rugby union, Thomas is a titan of the game. The star later switched to rugby league and led Wales to victory over France in the European Cup. In 2009, while still playing, Thomas came out as gay at a time when few top sportsmen discussed their sexuality openly. A decade later, the former player then revealed he was HIV positive, an announcement that sent shockwaves through the sporting world. JUST IN: Mark Pougatch hit back at BBC resignation claim: ‘Not my choice!’ Thomas admitted his “petrifying” experience living with the virus in an interview with BBC Sport in February last year for LGBT+ History Month. He said: “It was one of the most petrifying experiences of my life. “I knew nothing about HIV – and the reality is there’s a version of self-stigma as well, where the person themselves doesn’t understand the subject. “I thought all the strength would drain away from me slowly, without me being able to control it or get it back. “I thought I was going to live a very lonely life after that, a very sad existence, where I would just gradually get weaker and weaker, paler and paler, until I died.” The star revealed his diagnosis in 2019 in an exclusive interview with the Sunday Mirror. He told the newspaper: “I’ve been living with this secret for years. I’ve felt shame and keeping such a big secret has taken its toll. “I was in a dark place, feeling suicidal. I thought about driving off a cliff. “To me, wanting to die was just a natural thought and felt like the easier way out, but you have to confront things.” Thomas explained that he takes a tablet each day containing four medications to help control the virus. DON'T MISS: Mike Tindall lifted lid on Royal Family Christmas tradition: 'More quiet now' [LATEST]Novak Djokovic case only beginning of vaccine in sports tournaments: 'No jab, no job' [INSIGHT]Colin Jackson claimed he was deprived cricket career due to racism: 'I was scarred' [ANALYSIS] Doctors consider his condition to be “undetectable” and adequately controlled, meaning he cannot pass the virus on. The rugby star confirmed that his husband, who he met after his diagnosis, does not have HIV. Thomas timed the announcement of his diagnosis to coincide with his participation in Ironman Wales. He completed the triathlon in a bid to “break the stigma” that surrounds people living with HIV. He completed the mammoth event in Tenby, Pembrokeshire in 12 hours and 18 minutes. ‘Six Nations Live’ is on ITV today from 1:30pm-4:30pm.