Both the development of vaccines by some of our most brilliant scientists and the delivery of doses by health workers, volunteers and logistical wonder-workers are stunning achievements which have saved a multitude of lives and spared even more of us profound suffering. The Prime Minister is not pretending that the pandemic is over and the shift from a system of restrictions to a new emphasis on personal responsibility presents all of us with a challenge. We must be vigilant in ensuring that we do not spread the virus to friends, family, colleagues and anyone we might meet. It is also imperative that we exercise courtesy and sensitivity. We should recognise that many people, particularly those in the most vulnerable groups, remain deeply worried about Covid-19 and the lifting of restrictions may result in them being even more reluctant to leave home. When the impact of isolation has caused so much pain, all of us should do our best to be good neighbours and strive to neither endanger nor alarm other members of our community. Every politician should study the exclusive polling in today’s Sunday Express which shows that for 54 percent of Britons the rising cost of living is the issue of greatest concern ‑ with a mere four percent citing the alleged rule-breaking parties in Downing St. The impact of the surge in inflation on everyday items, plus the giant leap in energy bills, threatens to transform family finances and present many households with genuine hardship. It will be socially and economically disastrous if a nation that has pulled through the pandemic with inspirational fortitude and discipline experienced a leap in poverty just at the moment when people should be enjoying the first fruits of the recovery. The low unemployment rate and the high demand for staff is a sign of the underlying strength of the economy but it is essential that policymakers do not turn a blind eye to the agony of those who are in work but cannot make ends meet. MPs ignore the worries of the electorate at their peril. READ MORE:Boris warned of electoral disaster danger as poll exposes tax fury Great Britain’s men’s curling team may have missed out on an Olympic gold but they will wear their silver medals with pride and join all of us in cheering on the women who will today compete for the top prize. The country’s 98-year wait for a curling gold medal goes on and the superb performance in the 5-4 match will have only strengthened Team GB’s will to win. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea