One of her favourites is the beloved bestseller Gangsta Granny by David Walliams, which tells the story of a young boy Ben who discovers his granny is plotting to steal the crown jewels. The Duchess of Cornwall told The Mirror that it is “really wonderful” seeing her grandchildren’s “eyes widen” when she tells them the story. Camilla wrote a piece for the newspaper ahead of World Book Day on March 3, as she hopes to draw attention to the importance of reading for children. She said of the book: “This is a really wonderful book to share with your grandchildren - you can see their eyes widen as they begin to wonder if their own grandparents might have some interesting tales to tell.” She added: “When we read, we understand ourselves better, we understand others better and we make lifelong friends”. The Duchess is a patron of several literacy charities, including Book Trust and the National Literacy Trust.  In January 2021, she launched The Duchess of Cornwall’s Reading Room on Instagram as a way for her to share her book recommendations and host discussions with authors. She has five grandchildren, three from her daughter Laura Lopes and two from her son Tom Parker-Bowles. She also has five step-grandchildren - Prince William’s three children Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 3 and Prince Harry’s children Archy, 2 and Lilibet, eight months.  READ MORE: Kate, William and rest of Firm prepare for Jubilee tours abroad Camilla, 74, has said she plans to carry on with her charity work once she becomes Queen Consort. According to the Daily Mail, she said it was a “great honour” becoming Queen Consort, but vowed not to give up causes close to her heart, such as her work with domestic violence victims.  DON'T MISS:Kate to reunite with doppelganger Princess Mary on Denmark trip [ROYALS]William and Kate spotted school hunting as royals plot move [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton 'went bright red' and ‘scuttled off’ on first encounter [REVEAL] She said: “I’m going to keep up with these causes. “You know if I start something like this, I’m not going to give up mid-channel, I’m just going to keep going to try and help the likes of people like Diana. “I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime.” 