Boris Johnson has fumed at the decision of Russian leader Vladimir Putin to recognise the independence of Ukraine's pro-Kremlin separatist regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. The Prime Minister called the decision, which was announced by Mr Putin on Monday evening, a "flagrant violation" of Ukraine’s sovereignty. Mr Johnson told Monday evening's Downing Street press conference: "Vladimir Putin has effectively announced that Russia is recognising the breakaway republics of Donetsk and Luhansk. "This is plainly in breach of international law. "It's a violation of flagrant violation of the sovereignty and integrity of Ukraine. "It is a repudiation of the Minsk process and the Minsk agreements and I think it's a very ill omen and a very dark sign and it's certainly an indication, yet another indication that things are moving in the wrong direction in Ukraine."  Mr Johnson said he will talk with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensk on Monday and would offer Britain's support. When asked whether it was now time to impose sanctions on Russia, the Prime Minister said he would have to wait and see what happened in eastern Ukraine. "What I have said before about the package of sanctions is that they will be triggered with the first toecap of a Russian incursion or Russian invasion. But plainly what has happened is extremely bad news," he said. "It is becoming clear that we're going to need to start applying as much pressure as we possibly can because it is hard to see how this situation improves."  In a lengthy televised address, Mr Putin described Ukraine as an integral part of Russia's history and said eastern Ukraine was ancient Russian lands. The Russian leader added that he was confident the Russian people would support his decision. Russian state television showed Mr Putin, joined by Russia-backed separatist leaders, signing a decree recognising the independence of the two Ukrainian breakaway regions along with agreements on cooperation and friendship. "I deem it necessary to make a decision that should have been made a long time ago - to immediately recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic," the Russian leader said. DON'T MISS: Boris sends boldest warning yet to Putin as PM hailed for leading West [VIDEO]Let's be courteous as Covid restrictions are lifted [EXPRESS COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [LIVE BLOG] Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said Mr Putin's actions could not be allowed to go "unpunished". The European Union announced it would impose sanctions in response to Russia's recognition of the two states. In a joint statement, European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen and European Council president Charles Michel said it was an "illegal act". Nato secretary general Jens Stoltenberg said: "This further undermines Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, erodes efforts towards a resolution of the conflict, and violates the Minsk Agreements, to which Russia is a party."