Oestrogen and progesterone are the two main hormones impacting women. When you have Oestrogen dominance, you have too little progesterone to balance it out. Oestrogen dominance can impact the female body in numerous ways and cause really uncomfortable and upsetting symptoms. Are YOU oestrogen dominant? Here are the 17 signs, according to the Holland Clinic, Healthline and the NHS. As a woman, your hormones dictate how you sleep, your appetite, libido, and a number of other bodily functions. Oestrogen and progesterone are the key players when it comes to female sex hormones. Oestrogen is produced by the endocrine system and its main purpose is to promote growth. For example, the hormone is needed during puberty and pregnancy and it supports bone strength, helps you to maintain normal cholesterol levels and is involved in your period. READ MORE- Dementia: Six early signs - it can 'be tricky to spot’ Progesterone, on the other hand, is made by the ovaries, placenta and adrenal glands. This hormone is secreted by the female reproductive system to regulate the lining of the uterus. So, both hormones play some role in pregnancy and regulating the menstrual cycle. In healthy women, the progesterone/estradiol ratio should be between 100 and 500. However, sometimes you can have more of one hormone than the other. Oestrogen dominance is more likely. When your sex hormones are balanced, your body does what you expect it to do. However, when you have too much oestrogen (oestrogen dominance), you might begin to develop certain unpleasant symptoms. High levels of oestrogen can occur naturally or it can happen as a result of: DON'T MISS...Endometriosis natural treatments: The six supplements to take [INFORMER]What to do during an endometriosis flare-up - the 6 hacks [INSIGHT]Corrie's Kate Ford admits battling crippling pain behind scenes [EXPLAINER] If you have oestrogen dominance, the potential symptoms are: If you are oestrogen dominant, this is relative to your progesterone levels and you will have low progesterone. Women who don’t make enough progesterone might find it difficult to get pregnant or stay pregnant because progesterone helps the uterus to thicken and receive a fertilised egg. Symptoms of low progesterone can be: