Ahead of F1: Drive to Survive’s return for season four later this month, McLaren boss Zak Brown has given fans a glimpse of what they can expect from the new release. Drive to Survive will be back on TV screens on Friday March 11 on Netflix, and it is set to be one of the most exciting seasons yet, with the dramatic 2021 campaign covered. Last term saw one of the most remarkable finishes in the sport’s history as Max Verstappen pipped Lewis Hamilton to the world championship on the very final lap of the season. This came after Verstappen was able to take advantage of a contentious call from race director Michael Masi late on, which denied Hamilton a record eighth F1 title. The finish in Abu Dhabi capped off a year of non-stop drama on the circuit, and fans are waiting eagerly to catch a look at how things went down behind the scenes via the soon to be released documentary. JUST IN: F1 fans back Russian GP cancellation after Ukraine invasion and demand long-term action Ahead of its release, McLaren CEO Brown has dropped a leak surrounding the show, confirming that his team will feature in both episode two and episode seven of the new season. The McLaren flag was carried by Daniel Ricciardo and Lando Norris throughout the 2021 campaign, as the pair helped the Woking-based team to an impressive fourth place finish in the constructors championship. The team’s highlight no doubt came in Monza as Ricciardo and Norris put on a McLaren one-two, as the Australian ran out winner with his teammate close behind in second. Victory for the McLaren team was a big one, as it was their first win since Jenson Button came out on top at the Brazilian Grand Prix way back in 2012, and their first one-two since 2010. DON'T MISSFour drivers who could replace Nikita Mazepin if he is dropped by HaasLando Norris disagrees with Hamilton and Russell after F1 testingHaas reveal first choice driver to replace Nikita Mazepin  Ricciardo’s historic win in Italy will be well documented in the Drive to Survive new release, along with the rest of the 2021 drama. The Netflix series has proved a huge hit with sports fans, and has played a major role in expanding the sport in recent years, especially in the United States which will host two Grands Prix this year. McLaren boss Brown believes the recent influx of exposure and sponsorship is only a positive for the sport, and he expects this to go even bigger across the next decade.  Per Motorsport.com, he said: “Formula 1 is a commercially strong place. “Currently we have more grands prix than ever before and with Netflix the exposure of the sport is very strong… “With the current battle on the track and the budget cap, it should be even closer. I expect us to have a successful decade in Formula 1.”