A swathe of royal tours have been announced by Buckingham Palace for later this year, and the Royal Family is expected to visit several countries to mark the Platinum Jubilee. The Queen is celebrating an unprecedented seven decades on the throne, and in previous jubilee years, royals have travelled far and wide to represent the crown abroad. One of the longest tours announced this year will be carried out by the Queen's youngest son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The Wessexes will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines from April 22 to 28, it has been announced. And according to a royal expert, the Wessexes are the "ideal" royals to carry out these high-profile visits. Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "This is an excellent plan which will commemorate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in four Caribbean nations, all of which recognise the Queen as head of state, early in the year." He added: "The Earl and Countess of Wessex are ideal for this role.  READ MORE: 'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights "They both enjoy the Queen’s confidence and have handled their royal roles well for many years." The news Sophie and Edward will be going on tour as a royal duo points plainly to the couple's elevated role within the Royal Family in recent years. Edward and Sophie appear to have emerged as forefront members of the Firm, perhaps even more so since Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex's royal exit in 2020. The Wessexes have long been rumoured to be favourites of the monarch, with Sophie and the Queen thought to have an incredibly close bond.  At a reception to celebrate the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Trust in 2019, Sophie referred to her mother-in-law as 'Mama' in a speech honouring the Queen's work. And since the death of Prince Philip in April 2021, Sophie is thought to have been a great support to the Queen, as she only lives a short drive from the Queen's Windsor residence. Royal commentator Duncan Larcombe told Vanity Fair last year: “Sophie Wessex has emerged as the Queen’s unlikely ‘rock’ as the monarch adjusts to life without Prince Philip. "Prince Edward’s wife has - according to sources - made it her personal mission to ensure Her Majesty is fully supported by the family.”  DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice: Royal lost weight after ‘trauma’ [INSIGHT]Why Camilla won't truly be Queen - Consort title explained [EXPLAINER]Queen's favourite TV show unveiled: 'She can recite one-liners!' [ANALYSIS] Mr Larcombe added: “Like so many families during lockdown, Her Majesty was unable to see her favourite daughter-in-law, but as restrictions started to lift, Sophie was one of the few people inside her Covid bubble. “When Philip died, Sophie was an obvious choice to step up and ensure the Queen was being looked after, given she lives minutes down the road.” As well as being close to Edward and Sophie, the Queen is thought to have a great relationship with the Wessex children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Just like the Queen, Lady Louise is known to be an equine enthusiast, and she has followed in her grandfather's footsteps with her love of carriage driving. 