The Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) published data that showed the number of US students applying to UK universities surge by almost 50 percent. Meanwhile, there has been a 40 percent drop in EU students applying from 2020 to 2021. According to a report published by UCAS, the 2021 application cycle saw 142,925 students living outside of the UK apply to study at a higher education provider, of which 70,005 were placed. Overall applications from outside the EU for undergraduate courses rose by 12 percent to a record 111,255, of which 54,030 were placed for an increase of 2 percent over 2020. China is the largest market for UK international student recruitment, with 30,845 applicants and 16,310 placed applicants during the 2021 application cycle. India is the second-largest market with 11,075 applicants and 4,600 placed. The US saw “the largest proportional increase in applicants of any major nation” at 7,980, an increase of over 48 percent to 7,980. The number of placed applicants from the USA increased by 32 percent to 2,710. The UCAS report found EU applicants were down to 31,670 in 2021, falling by 40 percent from 2020. EU placed applicants were down to 16,025, falling by 50 percent in the same period. The report said: “Undergraduate applications and placed students from the EU have been impacted by a range of factors, including the uncertainty associated with the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, and changes to student support arrangements.” However, 5,425 Irish applicants applied to UK higher education in 2021, up by almost 23 percent last year, with Irish acceptances up 15 percent from last year to 2,385. Irish students continue to benefit from home fee status under the Common Travel Area (CTA) arrangements. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Don’t fall for it! Truss issued major warning Speaking to the BBC, Kareem Dus, founder of Favisbrook, said the number of US-based students using the company's services to study in the UK has risen by around 39 percent since Brexit. Favisbrook is a firm that “provides services that simplify and expedite the visa application process for a number of consulates throughout the US”, and reportedly helps around 3,000 American students get visas to study abroad every year. Mr Dus said he believes that the UK's move away from Brussels since Brexit and its apparent move towards America in many people's eyes is making it increasingly attractive to US-based students. He told the BBC: “This is a growing market for us. We've certainly noticed an increase in orders for UK visas from the American side.” According to the Higher Education Policy Institute, first-year foreign students contribute £28.8 billion to the UK’s economy. Mr Dus continued: “As well as benefiting the institutions, these students are paying high fees and contributing to the local economy during their studies. "It's a win-win from the UK's perspective. These people are highly skilled and however long they stay they will contribute to the economy." It comes after Prof David Richardson, vice chancellor at the University of East Anglia, noted EU student numbers had dropped by 50 percent in 2021. It also comes after Nicola Sturgeon was accused of stoking Brexit "grievance" at the expense of university students, after Scottish universities saw a sharp decline in the number of students and research grants. After Brexit, which saw the UK lose access to the Erasmus scheme, the Government announced the Turing scheme which will provide funding for an estimated 40,000 students. The Scottish government claimed falling applications in the country’s universities was because of Britain pulling out of the Erasmus Plus exchange programme, with the SNP now committing to developing a "Scottish Education Exchange Programme" as part of their programme for government. Scottish Labour has lashed out at the SNP for failing to act quickly considering Wales has launched its own replacement scheme, Taith. Labour culture spokesperson Sarah Boyack said there is "no reason" why a similar scheme to Taith had not been launched in Scotland. She said: “The Labour government in Wales is delivering for young people. I want the Scottish Government to do the same here. “Young people in Scotland should be able to access the same opportunities to learn and explore the world as young people in England and Wales. "The SNP need to stop making excuses, roll their sleeves up and come up with a plan to give Scottish young people those invaluable life experiences. “I see no reason why the SNP can’t achieve what the Labour government have managed in Wales. "Questions must be asked. Are the SNP delaying introducing this scheme in order to justify yet another grievance?”