Latest data from the RAC Foundation shows average petrol prices sitting at 149.42p per litre, an all-time record high cost, following the invasion of Ukraine. Diesel prices are also continuing to increase to prices of 152.83p per litre, with an average 55-litre tank of diesel now surpassing £84. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “Both petrol and diesel reached new record levels yesterday. Unleaded is nearly 149.5p a litre and diesel almost 153p. “Russia’s actions will now push petrol pump prices up to £1.50 very soon. “The question then becomes where will this stop and how much can drivers take just as many are using their cars more and returning to workplaces. “If the oil price were to increase to $110 (£82.20) there’s a very real danger the average price of petrol would hit £1.55 a litre. READ MORE: DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away “This would cause untold financial difficulties for many people who depend on their cars for getting to work and running their lives as it would sky rocket the cost of a full tank to £85. “At $120 (£89.67) a barrel – without any change to the exchange rate which is currently at $1.35 (£1.01) – we would be looking at £1.60 a litre and £88 for a full tank.” In late October, petrol and diesel price records were broken when petrol rose above 143p per litre and 148p for diesel. Since then, the prices have continued to rise steadily with global supplies fluctuating. DON'T MISSDrivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [WARNING]'Really disappointed' driver fined for using wrong parking details [SHOCKING]More than 1,000 car tax signs in Manchester to be changed after delays [INSIGHT] When predicting how high fuel prices could rise, Howard Cox, the founder of FairFuelUK, said: “How long is a piece of string? “Credible indications put £1.60 as the immediate hit and long term, two months, I see £1.70 to £1.80 for petrol and up to £1.84 for diesel as more than likely." Drivers have been advised of some frugal ways to cut their fuel costs as prices continue to increase. Motorists can take any unnecessary weight off their car including bike, roof and ladder racks. The added items make the vehicle heavier, meaning fuel is used up more quickly. Vanarama urges people to “drive as if you have a bowl of water on the passenger seat”. They warn that each time the brakes are used, energy is being lost in heat generated by the brake pads and discs. Drivers should not rev the engine unnecessarily when accelerating, instead being advised to move gently through the gears, keeping the engine speed to a reasonable level. This should be done without labouring it by being in too high a gear. Erin Baker, Editorial Director at Auto Trader, said: “Yesterday, the cost-of-living crisis hit new lows as fuel prices reach record highs. “With little to no indication of when they’ll fall, it's reason enough to look at the fuel efficiency in your current and next car. “Electric vehicles are a great option to keep daily running costs down, but the upfront cost of them is still a barrier for many.”