But a petition by TV naturalist Chris demanding the import ban remains in the new Animals Abroad Bill has already been signed by more than 28,000 people. Fur farming and the production of foie gras, which involves force-feeding ducks or geese, are already illegal in the UK. Now Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg is said to be among those arguing it restricts personal choice. But Chris, 60, said: “We can’t say we don’t condone that sort of cruelty on our own shores and then import it from overseas. It’s hypocrisy of the very first order. We can take a moral, ethical lead on this when it comes to ­animal welfare and send a clear message to the rest of the world.” The Conservative 2019 manifesto pledged to protect animals, stating it was necessary in “a civilised society”. And Tory MP Sir Roger Gale, patron of the party’s Animal Welfare Foundation, warned of a backlash if the ban was axed. He said: “It’s been promised for a long time and we haven’t delivered. “If we now fail to deliver, people are going to be very angry indeed at a time when we’ve already got enough to be angry about.” Organisations including the RSPCA, Humane Society and Animal Equality UK are also outraged the ban may be dropped. And Environment Minister Lord Goldsmith railed against the freedom of choice argument. He said: “No one would extend that principle to things like dog fighting or bear baiting.” A Government spokesman said it was united in its committal to animal welfare.  ----------------------------------------------------- In fur farms, animals are incarcerated in tiny barren cages about a metre square, where they suffer intolerable cruelty before being electrocuted or gassed. All to provide a bit of trim on a parka or bobble hat. And when it comes to foie gras, ducks and geese are held down and force-fed to the point where they vomit. Again the suffering in this industry is frankly unimaginable. In recent polls, 79 percent of people supported a ban on foie gras, 72 percent on fur. And what’s more, 140 MPs have made clear their support for closing our borders to these barbaric practices. It appears that a few out of touch and out of date ministers would rather preserve “consumer freedom” than progress the animal welfare agenda. Laws exist to prevent freedom of choice from harming others – otherwise, why would it be illegal to attack someone or commit murder? So before you go to bed tonight please sign the petition. I guarantee you’ll sleep better knowing you’ve helped to keep our country that little bit more cruelty free. • Chris Packham is a TV presenter and naturalist