Tom Littledyke, aged 31, from Lyme Regis, Dorset, was spurred into action following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The pub landlord decided to fill his minibus with food, blankets and other donations for refugees. Mr Littledyke left at lunchtime today on the 1,300-mile journey to Korczowa in Poland. His partner Georgia Wellman, 20, told Dorset Live: "Every time someone goes 'I wish we could do something' upon seeing such conflict and literally on Sunday he says 'we can do something'. "We have a minibus, support from people and he thought of us setting up a JustGiving page and he will give out blankets, supplies, food, anything they need or give transport to people in the area. "We stuck the minibus outside Royal Lion and said all donations were welcome and we were absolutely gobsmacked with how many people came. Within an hour and a half, the minibus was full. "Everyone in the High Street was coming out with items and the Royal Lion gave us lots of blankets." The couple have also raised more than £5,000 on their JustGiving page to help refugees. Donate to Provide supplies to the Ukrainian- Polish border. Mr Littledyke is driving to Kent where he will take a ferry to France. He will then travel through Belgium, Germany and Poland. READ MORE: Putin sends over 400 mercenaries to take out Zelenskyy and Klitschkos Mr Littledyke is expected to reach Korczowa either late on Tuesday or on Wednesday before travelling back home on Friday. Ms Wellman said: said: "He will be driving solo and the overall journey will take 28 hours, but he is very used to long-haul driving. "He used to drive from New York to California so he’s very used to long-haul driving. DON'T MISSTime to use UK shale gas, says CRAIG MACKINLAY MP [COMMENT]Sean Penn flies into warzone Ukraine to film doc amid bombing [INSIGHT]Putin's mental state 'definitely deteriorating' - world warned [ANALYSIS] "The amount of support is driving him a bit. "We have had some many messages of 'well done' and 'kick Putin’s a***'. "My favourite one was don’t forget the sunflower seeds, which is the national flower of Ukraine." Mr Littledyke is planning a further trip to the Ukraine border in the coming weeks as donations flood in. Ms Wellman said: "So many people will get donations for when he goes again so I think it will be a regular thing because it is the first time he is going out to see what needs doing, who needs help and offer support. "He is such a big help. I know he wouldn’t want to go back unless he could help more. He's doing a really good job." Additional reporting by Michael Taylor. 