In a provocative comment aimed at Russian President Vladimir Putin, Mr Wallace told serving soldiers from his old Scots Guards regiment on Wednesday crazed Putin is going “full tonto” over Ukraine following his order to send troops in. In a seething attack at the Horse Guards building in Westminster, Mr Wallace also accused Putin of having "no friends" and compared him to Tsar Nicholas I during the Crimean War. Mr Wallace said: "The Scots Guards kicked the backside of Tsar Nicholas I in 1853 in Crimea – we can always do it again! "Tsar Nicholas I made the same mistake Putin did, he had no friends, no alliances." He also noted how the British Army is "going to be a busy Army" amid soaring tensions between the West and Russia. The Defence Secretary explained: “Unfortunately we have got a busy adversary now in Putin, who has gone full tonto." JUST IN 'Europe is too dependent on Russian gas' VDL admits huge financial pain ahead for EU He added how Britain "have got thousands of people on standby" ready to launch a defence of Ukraine and Europe if Putin's invasion spirals into all out war. The bold comments come amid soaring concerns over what President Putin plans to do next. On Monday night Putin ordered his troops to invade eastern regions of Ukraine called Luhansk and Donetsk, currently held by pro-Russian seperatists. READ MORE 'Sit down now!' Putin crushes his nervous spy chief in front of Russian leaders He claims the move is only for "peace-keeping" reasons, despite crossing over the border and breaking international law and peace agreements. The decision followed a hour-long rambling speech to the nation where Putin attempted to re-write history claiming Ukraine had never been a country. The Russian premier also said Ukraine would not exist without Russia and that Russia will "show" Ukraine was "de-Communisation" is in a bizarre tirade. But the key point of the address was President Putin's declaration that Russia now recognises Luhansk and Donetsk as "independent" states, green lighting his invasion into the region. DON'T MISSNo let-up in tough, united front until Putin retreats [INSIGHT]Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [ANALYSIS]Russia war fears will add to soaring UK energy bills, experts warned [INSIGHT]  The move has prompted a raft of economic sanctions from the United Kingdom, targetting wealthy Russians and banks, while the European Union have also vowed heavy sanctions against Russia. Meanwhile, Germany have pulled the plug on the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project, a controversial deal which saw Russia supply gas to the Germans. The EU are now seeking a change to their energy infrastructure amid the soaring tensions. It comes as developments in Ukraine on Tuesday have seen 800 US military personnel told to move from Italy to Baltic region in a clear sign of rising concerns across Europe. Up to eight US F35 jets moved from Germany to sites along NATO's eastern flank while Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has called up reservists, but has ruled out general mobilisation.