Alfie Boe, 48, has issued an important message to his followers on social media after it became apparent that scammers were taking advantage of his celebrity status to extort money from fans. Alfie said the fraudsters had been creating fake accounts which claimed to be the singer and contacted fans asking for money. In a statement shared to Alfie’s Twitter, Instagram and Facebook pages, the singer penned: “CAUTION. Fake social media and scam accounts.“Please can all my followers be aware of fake and fraudulent profiles on social media pretending to be me.“They have been contacting my fans and followers trying to scam money out of people and arranging meet and greets.“My official social media pages have the official ‘Blue tick’ next to my name. READ MORE:Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning “So, I ask you all to please be careful when interacting with anyone online and NEVER transfer money to anyone pretending to be me.”Alfie’s worried fans took to the comments to thank him for the warning, with some adding that they had already been a victim of the fraudsters.Nicki replied: “This happened to me last week and I contacted your management company.“Absolutely disgusted that this person pretending to be you said they would like to meet my poorly dad at one of your summer gigs.” Eurydice wrote: “I got one of those. Reported it immediately. Special place in hell for scammers I'm sure.”Avril added: “I got caught by one saying he was Michael Ball. Luckily enough it got stopped.”And Julie echoed: “I had two over the weekend, one saying he was Alfie Boe and one saying they were Michael Ball. I deleted them straight away.”On a lighter note, Alfie and Michael have announced new tour dates for Summer 2022. DON'T MISSMadonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap[LATEST]Jamal Edwards' selfless act for mum Brenda after her cancer diagnosis[INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other'[NEWS] The duo’s Together This Summer Tour will visit 10 venues across the UK including London, Norwich and Plymouth.Michael said he was “so happy” to be taking to the stage again with Alfie in view of his 75,000 Instagram followers.The Les Misérables star wrote: “I’m thrilled to announce that @mralfieboe and I will be playing a small number of outdoor shows in June and July.“It makes me so happy that we can finally be #togetherthissummer.” Hundreds of fans took to the comments to tell the duo how excited they were to see them in action.Valerie said: “All booked, really looking forward to this!”Linda echoed: “Got mine... Can’t wait.”And Rhiannon added: “Got tickets can’t wait. Saw you at the hydro last year - best night ever, made my mum cry with happiness.”