Tony (played by Ricky Gervais) and his journey of grief following the death of wife Lisa (Kerry Godliman) provided many a tear-jerking moment during After Life’s three-season run on Netflix. However, there were still plenty of moments of hope and laughter courtesy of not only Gervais’ character, but the other residents of Tambury too. And one couple who emerged at the end of the series as one of the show’s most popular duos was June (Jo Hartley) and Lenny (Tony Way). The pair met in the very first season when Lenny and Tony were called to June’s for a possible news story for the Tambury Gazette. However, in typical After Life fashion, hilarity ensued as it transpired the story June wanted to contact the paper about was her son James (Ethan Lawrence) playing the recorder with his nose. As the series progressed, Lenny and June struck up an unlikely romance and by the time season three drew to a close, the pair was ready to tie the knot. READ MORE: After Life’s June star on ‘life-changing’ aspect of the series Son James had moved out and into Brian’s (David Earl) house so June and Lenny could finally move on with their lives. June was even the one to convince Tony to use the life insurance money left by Lisa, something he was reluctant to do as it would be another step into admitting she had truly passed. Sadly, however, June, Tony, Lenny, James and everyone else’s storylines are now at a close with creator and star Gervais revealing season three was the final run for his comedy-drama. However, taking to Twitter, June star Hartley has added fuel to the fire the After Life universe may live on. Paying tribute to the series, Hartley tweeted earlier this month: “Playing #June on @rickygervais #AfterLife for @NetflixUK was pretty cool, but life beyond it has been incredible! “I’m being stopped in the street, daily, thats never happened to me before. An outpouring of love and support. “Feels great to part of a global phenomenon. Thank you,” she added. (sic) And before long, one fan suggested the idea of a possible spin-off to keep the After Life franchise alive. DON'T MISS:Ricky Gervais admits shock at ‘mental’ After Life improvised sceneRicky Gervais stopped filming After Life over safety fearsRicky Gervais co-star jokes he'd ‘sue’ actor over After Life injury Twitter user @MrSanity replied to Hartley: “June and Lenny were the power couple of the whole series! We need a spin-off,” followed by a smiley emoji. And not exactly ruling the idea out, she replied: “@tonypaulway spin OFF Lenny?” followed by a wink and love heart emoji. So could After Life fans be expecting to see one of the show’s favourite couples return in the not-so-distant future? Sadly it does seem unlikely as Gervais now has a new stand-up tour in the pipeline to dominate his diary. In fact, Gervais has even quipped he’s going to try and get “cancelled” with his new comedy special. “I'm treating it like it's my last one ever,” Gervais told Heat about his upcoming tour. “It won't be, but I want to put everything into it. “I want to try and get cancelled. No, I just want to go all-out there." After Life seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix now.