All Creatures Great and Small is a Channel 5 hit and the series has become a favourite in the USA. The uplifting family TV drama finally saw vet James (played by Nicholas Ralph) propose to farmer's daughter Helen (Rachel Shenton). The stars opened up about their favourite scenes and one particularly clumsy moment. All Creatures Great and Small fans were eager to see James and Helen take the next step in their relationship. The second season saw the tentative couple explore the idea of becoming official. James was nervous to propose to Helen but he eventually plucked up the courage. Her father also offered his blessing by giving James his late wife's ring to propose with. James and Helen shared some special moments and actor Nicholas Ralph recalled an interesting scene. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Samuel West on Siegfried and Mrs Hall In the second episode, the pair attended a village dance together and they got very close. Ralph told Masterpiece: "The dancing was so much fun. We only got it the night before, so I managed to get Rach into the steps the night before." But then Shenton interjected: "Don’t even listen to that. I was dragging him around!" Ralph admitted he was not a brilliant dancer but his co-star made him feel at ease. He joked: "I had to ask if I could stop stepping on her toes because I stepped on them a few times. "And one time I think I got you quite good and she let me have it with her heel! "So was like, 'can I stop standing on her toes now?' Her poor little feet." Still, Shenton said the scene was good fun and they were able to practice outside the set. The stars also opened up about another favourite scene, which took place on the barn roof. This is where Helen and James shared their first kiss. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small: Tristan star shares character secrets [INTERVIEW] All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton reflects on tension [INSIGHT] Who really owns the All Creatures Great and Small dog Tricki Woo? [EXPLAINER] Ralph explained how it had been raining all day but for the special moment, the sun came out. The uplifting scene also went down a huge hit with fans as it marked the start of a definite relationship. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the kissing scene and expressed their excitement. @LOutlander said: "I love that Helen’s mother fave spot on the roof is now also the place Helen and James had their first kiss pls my heart." [Sic] Rain Goddess said: "OMG. Their first kiss!! Yes, more please." @Amandarprescott shared: "The roof kiss was the perfect ending to tonight’s #AllCreaturesPBS!" The series has officially been renewed for a third and fourth season, with a Christmas special yet to come. Fans will be waiting to see whether Helen and James get to tie the knot in the festive episode. But with war on the horizon, there is a chance their plans could be put on hold.  All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5.