The Prime Minister unveiled 10 new areas of crippling measures against hundreds of Russian individuals and companies in response to military action launched by Moscow last night. Tanks and troops poured across the border into Ukraine as missiles were launched in the direction of major cities. President Putin announced he was ordering a full-scale invasion with the aim of overthrowing Ukrainian democracy. Taking decisive action, Mr Johnson tonight announced new restrictions - "largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen". Among oligarchs targeted is Kirill Shamalov, Russia's youngest billionaire who was married to the President's daughter, Katerina, from 2013 to 2018. Aeroflot, the largest airline of the Russian Federation, is immediately banned from landing in the UK and an asset freeze has come into effect on all major Russian banks, including immediately against VTB. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG The bank is Russia's second-largest holding money worth £154billion. Mr Johnson condemned President Putin as a "blood-stained aggressor who believes in imperial conquest" as he laid out the measures in the Commons. "Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. "He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands," the Prime Minister said. "Countries that together comprise about half of the world economy are now engaged in maximising the pressure, economic pressure, on one which makes up a mere two percent. "For our part, today the UK is announcing the largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen." READ MORE: Dow Jones plummets as Putin's war sends shockwaves through economy The Prime Minister continued: "These powers will enable us to totally exclude Russian banks from the UK financial system, which is of course by far the largest in Europe, stopping them from accessing Sterling and clearing payments through the UK. "And with around half of Russia’s trade currently in US dollars and sterling, I am pleased to tell the House the United States is taking similar measures. "These powers will also enable us to ban Russian state and private companies from raising funds in the UK, banning dealing with their securities and making loans to them. "We will limit the amount of money that Russian nationals will be able to deposit in their UK bank accounts." DON'T MISS:UK sanctions against Russia in FULL: Every step Boris has announced [INSIGHT]Shocking video shows true horror of Putin's sick war on Ukraine [WATCH]Britons ‘will never accept our children being cannon fodder’ in a war [REACTION] On top of sanctioning President Putin's ex-son-in-law, Britain is also taking action against: A diplomatic source said: "These are people who have international lifestyles. "They come to Harrods to shop, they stay in our best hotels when they like, they send their children to our best public schools, and that is what's being stopped. "So that these people are essentially persona non grata in every major Western European capital in the world. That really bites." Mr Johnson introduced some limited sanctions earlier this week after Russia recognised the independence of two breakaway rebel-held regions of Ukraine. He warned President Putin at the time that he was willing to go further should a full invasion be launched. G7 leaders this afternoon also held a virtual meeting to co-ordinate their response. In a joint statement they vowed to eradicate reliance on Russian gas. They said: "We stand united with partners, including NATO, the EU and their member states as well as Ukraine and remain determined to do what is necessary to preserve the integrity of the international-rules base order. "In this regard, we are also closely monitoring global oil and gas market conditions, including in the context of Russia’s further military aggression against Ukraine. "We support consistent and constructive engagement and coordination among major energy producers and consumers toward our collective interest in the stability of global energy supplies, and stand ready to act as needed to address potential disruptions."