Donald Trump, 75, criticised his successor Joe Biden, 79, in a series of statements uploaded to his official website. The 45th President has long sniped from the sidelines since Mr Biden entered the Oval Office in January 2021. In two posts uploaded yesterday, Mr Trump took a swipe at the 46th President and suggested America had lost some of his confidence. He said: "Putin is playing Biden like a drum. It is not a pretty thing to watch!" In a separate post, Trump added: "Our country has totally lost its self-confidence!" But the former Commander-in-Chief also made his thoughts clear in a radio appearance. Speaking after Vladimir Putin, 69, announced Moscow had recognised two separatist-controlled regions in eastern Ukraine as independent states, Mr Trump told an interviewer: "I said, ‘This is genius.’ "Putin declares a big portion . . . of Ukraine, Putin declares it as independent. JUST IN: Putin could start 'major war in Europe' at any moment, Ukraine's President warns "So, Putin is now saying ‘it’s independent’, a large section of Ukraine. "I said, ‘How smart is that?’ And he’s gonna go in and be a peacekeeper. That’s [the] strongest peace force." The 45th President also suggested this kind of move could be employed by the United States to tackle issues on its border with Mexico. The Biden administration introduced new sanctions on Tuesday. The Commander-in-Chief, who described Putin's actions as a "flagrant violation of international law", imposed measures on the significant Russian financial institutions Vnesheconombank and Promsvyazbank. He also expanded sovereign debt prohibitions, which look set to limit access to US markets and investors, introduced full blocking sanctions on five Russian elites and said any institution in the Russian financial services sector would be a target to further sanctions. However, Mr Trump continued to criticise Mr Biden's response to the crisis in Ukraine. He claimed: "This never would have happened with us. Had I been in office, not even thinkable. This would never have happened. "But here’s a guy that says, you know, ‘I’m gonna declare a big portion of Ukraine independent,’ he used the word ‘independent’, ‘and we’re gonna go out and we’re gonna go in and we’re gonna help keep peace.’ "You gotta say that’s pretty savvy. And you know what the response was from Biden? "There was no response. They didn’t have one for that. No, it’s very sad." While the ex-President joined the ex-US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, 50, is chastising his successor, not all Republicans tore into Biden in the same way. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS] GOP congresswoman Liz Cheney, 55, even took to social media to suggest Mr Trump's comments would only assist Putin. Ms Cheney, a longstanding critic of Trump, said: "Former President Trump’s adulation of Putin today — including calling him a “genius” — aids our enemies."Trump’s interests don’t seem to align with the interests of the United States of America." Mr Trump remains a key figure in American politics and could prove influential in the 2024 Presidential Election. Pollsters at Emerson College even put Mr Trump four-points ahead of Mr Biden in their most recent general election survey. This is slightly better than where Trump found himself back in November when he was just two percent ahead of his successor.