Russia's move against Ukraine has been dubbed "truly a dark hour" as conflict spirals. Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelensky declared martial law and Russia's military said it had targeted Ukrainian air bases and other military assets. But why has Russia attacked Ukraine? Former foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt said the events in Ukraine are a "threat" to "all democracies". He tweeted: "Truly a dark hour as we think about our friends in Ukraine. "The threat is not just to a young democracy but (to) all democracies as we believe in a simple principle for which many lives have been shed: no country has the right to walk into its neighbour. This cannot be allowed to pay". Prime Minister Boris Johnson is holding a COBRA meeting today to discuss the situation, condemning Russia for its "vicious attacks". Read More: Kiev: Residents flee Ukrainian Capital Ukraine declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 and has since faced pressure from Russia for pushing towards Europe and a western way of life. Russia invaded Ukraine in 2014, with conflict sparking on the status of Crimea and parts of the Donbas, which are internationally recognised as part of Ukraine. The borders of Ukraine are shared with Russia and several EU countries, and growing relationships between Kiev and the bloc have angered Vladimir Putin. President Putin's main fear is Ukraine joining as a member of NATO, which would in turn keep the nation outside of Moscow’s control. NATO itself has said Ukraine wouldn't be joining the alliance, however, this is not enough for the Russian president. President Putin has made claims that Russians and Ukrainians are “one people”. He has said he feels Russia has been “robbed” as Ukraine adopts a more European mentality. DON'T MISSKate Garraway sparks uproar over 'ghastly' Russia-Ukraine remark [INSIGHT]BBC's Laura Kuenssberg pinpoints FIVE-point plan to defeat Putin [ANALYSIS]Russia-Ukraine: Kiev gridlocked as thousands flee the capital [PICTURES] Despite fierce condemnation from the west, Russia has launched strikes on Ukraine's military infrastructure and border guard units. Ukraine said that "Putin has launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine". A Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky the country and its people were in the thoughts of the UK "during this dark time." "Prime Minister Boris Johnson spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in the early hours of this morning," a spokesperson for Number 10 said. "The Prime Minister said he was appalled by the unfolding events in Ukraine. "The Ukrainian President updated the Prime Minister on the attacks taking place, and the Prime Minister said the West would not stand by as President Putin waged his campaign against the Ukrainian people. "The Prime Minister said he hoped Ukraine could resist and that Ukraine and its people were in the thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom people during this dark time." Foreign Office minister James Cleverly said Mr Putin has used a "thin veneer of justification for his aggression". He told BBC Breakfast: "This isn't a defensive measure. "This is an aggressive measure and it will be responded to by the international community." He added: "We do fear that this is the start of a quite extensive military operation."