The UK’s characteristic damp and drizzly days may be a source of misery for many Britons, but it seems the inclement weather has an unexpected value when it comes to preserving historic artefacts. Rainy British weather has helped keep samurai armour handed to British royalty 400 years ago in excellent condition, experts have revealed ahead of a new exhibition showcasing the Queen’s collection of Japanese treasures.  The Japanese armour gifted to King James I in 1613 has managed to survive the centuries despite being tricky to care for due to its decorative lacquer-coating which can become fragile in dry conditions. Experts from the Royal Collection Trust have said that Britain’s rainy climate may have provided the right level of humidity needed to keep it in top condition, the Telegraph reported. The samurai armour, which was the first ever diplomatic gift from Japan given to Britain, has survived centuries on display without being kept in controlled conditions. Rachel Peat, a curator working on the Royal Collection Trust’s Japan: Courts and Culture exhibition, said: “The British weather may well have helped with that, that is at least one silver lining. It is remarkable that it has survived.”    The Japanese war attire was given to King James I in 1613 by Japanese ruler Shogun Tokugawa Hidetada as part of negotiations between Japan and the British East India Company. The armour was sent to the monarch with a document granting the British permission to trade with Japan. With a panoply of lacquer and iron with silk lacing, it made an impressive and luxurious present. It was crafted by Iwai Yozaemon, the personal armourer of the ruling Tokugawa shōguns READ MORE: Queen 'not getting help' from other royals as Charles urged to step up Francesca Levey, the Trust’s armour conservator, explained that the samurai armour was much harder to keep in good condition than the shiny European armour often spied in country estates and castles. She said: “It’s much more complicated than European suits of armour. The lacquer itself needs about 75 to 80 percent humidity.” It is one of four sets of samurai gear that will go on display at the exhibition at Buckingham Palace’s Queen’s Gallery in April, alongside samurai swords gifted to Queen Victoria’s son Prince Alfred who was the first British royal to visit Japan. A Field Marshal’s sword gifted to George V by ally Emperor Taishō after the First World War - the only blade of its kind to be sent outside Japan - will also be featured in the exhibition. DON'T MISS:Royal Family: Harry and Meghan told to SUE [BREAKING]Queen could have 'bleak shadow' cast over Platinum Jubilee [LATEST]Royal LIVE: Harry and Meghan row erupts after major rights award [LIVE]  Despite some of these swords being crafted as far back as the 14th century the blades remain razor-sharp compared to many of the blunted mediaeval weapons typically on display in Britain’s museums and collections. Ms Peat said: “We have had to be extremely careful with these blades, they are unbelievably sharp. They have cut through brushes just by being brushed.” The exhibition seeks to chart the relationship between the two royal households, the British Royal Family and the Imperial family of Japan, spanning the past four centuries. Other objects taking their place in the collection include a ceramic vessel given to the Queen on a state visit to Japan in 1975 along with woodblock prints of Buckingham Palace.   