   The comedian returns to screens tonight for ‘Extraordinary Escapes with Sandi Toksvig’ on Channel 4. The show sees Ms Toksvig joined by a different female comic each week to explore some of the UK's most remote and beautiful holiday destinations. Tonight she visits Norfolk with Casualty star Sunetra Sarker.  The pair take a boat trip deep into the Broads National Park to visit a mill keeper’s cottage, complete with its own renovated windmill. They also head out on a seal-spotting adventure at Blakeney Point and stay in a restored Victorian pump house set in a remote part of the county. Ms Toksvig took over from Stephen Fry as host of beloved BBC quiz show QI in 2016, having been a guest on the programme on a number of occasions. She also was host of BBC Radio 4 show The News Quiz for a decade, and was co-presenter of Channel 4’s The Great British Bake Off alongside Noel Fielding from 2017 to 2020. Read More: Mum 'made to feel like a bad parent' after reading letter from school  Despite a successful broadcasting career, Ms Toksvig claimed that three decades ago she was denied the chance to become the original host of BBC panel show Have I Got News For You because of her sex. She said she was asked to audition for the role but management ultimately opted for Angus Deayton instead because he was a man. Speaking on Loose Women in 2015, Ms Toksvig claimed: “They made two pilots ‒ one with Angus and one with myself. “They said, ‘We loved yours Sandi, but we can’t possibly have a woman in charge of the news.”  When the presenter was then asked why she had been auditioned in the first place, Deirdre Kelly interjected claiming it may have been an attempt from the broadcaster to be politically correct. Ms Kelly said: “Political correctness. You have to audition the token woman…” Andrea McLean added: “And then give it to a man.” Mr Deayton went on to host the BBC panel show with team captains Paul Merton and Ian Hislop. Don't Miss:Everything you need to know about NATO in charts and figures[OPINION]Sturgeon warned over Indy plan: Scots would ‘lose’ free prescriptions[ANALYSIS]Britons ‘want to keep isolating’—‘but how will we know if it's Covid?'[INSIGHT]  However he was dropped in 2002 after reports about his private life were made public. That year, Ms Toksvig told Radio Times that she had felt angered by not getting the Have I Got News For You job. She said: “It also made me feel inadequate and question whether I was really up to it.” In response to the claims, a BBC spokesperson said at the time: “We’re proud of the fact that the BBC of today has a huge range of women presenters across TV and Radio including Tess and Claudia, Mary Berry, Anne Robinson, Fiona Bruce, Clare Balding, Kate Humble, Clemency Burton-Hill, Clara Amfo, Annie Mac, Louise Minchin, Sophie Raworth, Emily Maitlis, Ritula Shah and many more.”  The comedian was later asked to appear on the news-based satirical programme, and in 2006 landed the job of host of The News Quiz. Ms Toksvig, who was founder of the Women's Equality Party in 2015, admitted that she had initially felt “daunted” at the prospect of fronting the radio show. She said: “Even nine years ago having a woman in charge of the show seemed quite radical.” She also revealed that the morning after her first outing as presenter, the show’s producer rang her and said: “‘Good news: there hasn’t been a single complaint’. “And what he meant was no complaints about a woman presenting.” ‘Extraordinary Escapes with Sandi Toksvig’ is on Channel 4 tonight at 9pm.