Hypovitaminosis D – otherwise known as a vitamin D deficiency – is the "most common nutritional deficiency worldwide", experts at Ada Health reported. Here's what to look out for. There can be physical signs of a vitamin D deficiency, as well as the rise of infections and the development of telling sensations. Considered "common" symptoms of the condition, physical signs can include: As for bodily sensations, one might experience bone and muscle pain, fatigue, and depressed mood. Moreover, a person with a vitamin D deficiency is more prone to bacterial and viral infections. Vitamin D The National Institutes of Health (NIH) explained vitamin D is "produced endogenously when ultraviolet (UV) rays from sunlight strike the skin and trigger vitamin D synthesis". Vitamin D obtained from sun exposure – as well as foods and supplements – must undergo two "hydroxylations" in the body for activation. READ MORE: Diabetes – The 'key' to managing blood sugar levels to prevent health complications Vitamin D also plays a role in reducing inflammation, modulates cell growth, and improves immune function. While vitamin D can also be obtained from the flesh of fatty fish, such as trout, few foods naturally contain the nutrient. Therefore, the NHS advises people to take daily vitamin D supplements – and some people could benefit from taking them all year round. People with darker skin, for instance, would benefit from taking vitamin D supplements daily. Those who are often indoors, or usually wear clothes that cover up most of their skin while outdoors, would also benefit from vitamin D supplements every day throughout the year. The NHS recommends adults to take 10mcg (micrograms) of vitamin D supplements daily. Children over the age of one are also advised to have 10mcg of vitamin D daily. Babies, on the other hand, require 8.5mcg to 10mcg of vitamin D daily. "You can buy vitamin D supplements or vitamin drops containing vitamin D (for under fives) at most pharmacies and supermarkets," the NHS added. The health organisation did caution that more is not always better, especially when it comes to vitamin D. People are advised not to take more than 100mcg of vitamin D daily as it could be "harmful". For instance, too much vitamin D can lead to hypercalcaemia, which can damage the kidneys and heart.