The Foreign Secretary outlined "coordinated escalatory sanctions" alongside the other members of the G7. France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Canada, the US and the UK make up the group and have a combined GDP of £24TN. The world's biggest economies are shutting their doors on Moscow in the beginning of a series of retaliatory measures expected against Vladimir Putin's government over its escalation of the crisis in Eastern Europe. Ms Truss said: "Our support is unwavering for the territorial integrity of Ukraine." It follows an earlier announcement by Prime Minister Boris Johnson of the UK's sanctions against Russia after Mr Putin recognised the breakaway territories of Donetsk and Luhansk as independent entities and sent troops to the regions. Mr Johnson said in a statement to MPs the Government will be targeting Russian banks Rossiya, IS Bank, General Bank, Promsvyazbank and the Black Sea Bank, as well as three individuals – Gennady Timchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg who will have their UK assets frozen and not be allowed to enter the country. He dubbed these a "first barrage" of sanctions, stressing more could follow if the conflict escalated further. Ms Truss, echoing the Prime Minister's words, claimed the Government is ready to go "much further" to "hit Russia hard" if Mr Putin does not "pull back". READ MORE: 'Nice little foreign policy crisis' Ukraine row diverting from Biden's disastrous ratings In a statement accompanying a Foreign Office news release on Tuesday, she wrote: "This first wave of sanctions will hit oligarchs and banks close to the Kremlin. It sends a clear message that the UK will use our economic heft to inflict pain on Russia and degrade their strategic interests. "And we are prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of hi-tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. "These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard." But criticism of the measures against the Kremlin did not take long to come, with both opposition and Conservative MPs accusing Mr Johnson of not going far enough. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: "I welcome the sanctions introduced today. And the international community’s efforts to unite with a collective response. However, we must be prepared to go further. "I understand the tactic of holding back further sanctions on Putin and his cronies. To try and deter an invasion of the rest of Ukraine. But a threshold has already been breached. A sovereign nation has been invaded in a war of aggression based on lies and fabrications. "If we do not respond with a full set of sanctions now, Putin will once again take away the message that the benefits of aggression outweigh the costs." And former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith asked: "Should it not be that we need to hit them if we are going to hit them with sanctions hard and hit them now?" He added: "They need to feel the pain of the first part of this decision. The second thing is, what is the ultimatum to them now? If they move further, are we going to take further action?" DON'T MISSMacron under fire for swallowing Putin's lies [INSIGHT]Scholz Nord Stream 2 snub risks €46 billion black hole for EU [REPORT]Putin's main Ukraine strategy flaw brutally exposed [ANALYSIS] The EU and US have issued separate packages of sanctions. The bloc's includes the halt of the Nord Stream 2, a disputed project that has been at the forefront of Germany's approach to the crisis.