The Scottish Daily Express reader who came up with the plot is urging fellow unionists to vote tactically when Scots take to the polls in May for the local elections to give Nicola Sturgeon's party a bloody nose. The plan involves voting for the SNP's nearest challengers from 2017 as their first-choice candidate, regardless of whether they usually support the Tories, Labour or Lib Dems. The reader behind the idea insisted that Scotland is in a "destructive free-fall situation" due to the "irrational and irresponsible SNP/Greens". They said: "From my pram in Coatbridge, schooling in Ralston and Paisley, and experiencing St Mirren winning the Scottish Cup in 1959, I remember never waiting for a doctor appointment, Scotland's educational standard was the envy of the world, male employment ran at around 96 percent, and there was never doubt as to who might use the Ladies or Gents toilets. "The reason for this somewhat idyllic 'State of the Nation' was because politically, we really only had Tories and Labour to look after our interests, with the occasional appearance of a Liberal of course, but none of the oddball politicians we seem infested with today, and certainly no divisiveness or hatred as currently practised by certain parties." The reader praised Scottish figures including Thomas Telford, Alexander Fleming, James Keir Hardie, Sean Connery, Bill Shankly and Billy Connolly. They said: "Although Scots by birthright, they all provided benefit to, and benefited from, the rest of the UK and beyond, without hesitation or hate. READ MORE: How Nicola Sturgeon wants UK to keep forking out AFTER independence  "Again historically, Scots are renowned for their ability to put aside clan, sectarian and political differences when required, and band together to combat threats to their livelihood and historic values. "Given the forthcoming election, what better opportunity is there for taking such steps, and returning Scotland to its former peaceful, respected and economically sound state?" The reader highlighted that in the 2017 council elections, the SNP and the Scottish Green Party vote combined was 685,708 out of a total of 1,889,657. DON'T MISSSturgeon warned over Indy plan: Scots would ‘lose’ free prescriptions [INSIGHT]GB News: Neil Oliver slams ‘disastrously incompetent’ Sturgeon leaders [VIDEO]Nicola Sturgeon sparks furious row with independence bid [ANALYSIS] They said: "This meant the SNP had only 36.29 percent support from voters, with 63.71 percent preferring not to support them." The staunch unionist is urging Scots who want to stay in the Union to back the SNP's strongest opponent from the last council elections regardless of the party they would usually back. The Scottish Daily Express reader is hopeful it could see the Nationalists lose control of every council in Scotland if successful. Some SNP, Green and Alba councillors would still get in due to the Single Transferable Vote (STV) system used in council elections, but it would be a blow to the Scottish First Minister. It comes as Ms Sturgeon is pushing for a second independence referendum to take place before the end of 2023 "Covid permitting". She confirmed earlier this month that "preparatory work is underway" to enable a second referendum to be held - a commitment both the SNP and their Scottish Green Party partners in Government made in their manifestos for last year's Holyrood elections. The SNP leader said: "The alternative to independence is to continue to be governed by parties at Westminster that we don't vote for and right now that is by a disreputable, discredited government and a Prime Minister, frankly, with no integrity, no shame and no moral compass." Scot rejected becoming an independent country in the 2014 vote by 55 percent to 45 percent. 