James Lock appears in the latest series of Ex On The Beach, awkwardly coming face to face with his ex-girlfriend Megan Barton-Hanson, who he's confessed he would "love to date again". However, his feelings for her didn't stop him pondering the "beautiful girls" that he could be paired up with if he joined Strictly Come Dancing. "Of course I'd do Strictly! I've got all my Travolta moves!" he boasted proudly. However, when it comes to dance partners, he doesn't necessarily have a preference, as he gushed that all the pros are "beautiful". "Who would I want to be partnered with on Strictly? I don't mind, all the girls are beautiful!" he shrugged. However, he did mention that American actress Eva Mendes might be on his list of dream campmates if he was plunged into the Australian jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!. READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning It might sound as though he has a lot of potential projects in mind, but James says he would relish being taken out of his "comfort zone". "For me, TOWIE was the starting point," he explained. "As much as I love reality and I've got a lot of love for that world, I could do it all. "I pick things up very quickly." Meanwhile, as the action heats up on Ex On The Beach, what are James' feelings about dating and relationships? He says he's happily single currently, but that he would be up for a long-term relationship if he finds the right woman, as he's not a "serial dater". Anyone who does get together with him should expect some spontaneity and excitement though, as he has dismissed the likes of cinema trips as "boring". "I like spontaneous stuff. I like a city break. The obvious is somewhere like Paris, Madrid [or] Barcelona," he suggested. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  "In a club, you can't really talk to someone. You need somewhere you can get to know each other [and] the cinema is a bit of a boring date too." James says he's no longer a "Champagne Charlie", and is focusing on his career, alongside any potential love interest that may crop up. "I don't just want a partner or potential wife, I want to meet my best friend," he explained, adding that the ideal candidate should be "someone who's passionate about life". Talking loyalty in a relationship, he suggested what his ideal dynamic with a partner would be. "Whether you agree or disagree with them, you back them 100%," he exclaimed. "[Even] if they say it's blue and it's black, you still support them 100%. "It's you two against the world. I don't mean that in a pessimistic way - just that you support each other completely."