Honey Mitchell (played by Emma Barton) recently replaced Mr Lister (Nick Wilton) as Walford's market inspector. The move made Honey the first female to assume the role, but in scenes yet to air on EastEnders Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) looks set to succeed in getting the beloved character sacked. How far will Honey go to get her revenge on the soap villain for ruining her career? The drama begins to unfold this week when Suki approaches Honey as she is desperate for her to move Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) and her wife Eve Unwin's (Heather Peace) food van from outside the Minute Mart. The EastEnders villain even exchanges insults with Stacey, who owns Stacey's Baps, which Honey overhears. After witnessing their argument, Honey steps in and Suki warns her she will be filing a formal complaint if nothing is done about Stacey's hygiene practices in the food van. The threat comes after Suki's left reeling by the fact her son Kheerat (Jaskiranjit Singh Deol) contracted food poisoning from Stacey's van. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute  Hoping the dust will settle, Honey is left stunned when she sees Stacey's food van parked right outside the Minute Mart. A furious Suki then lashes out at Honey and threatens to get her fired from her role. The feud is far from resolved as the women continue to try and outsmart each other to get their own way. Will Suki follow through with her threats and push Honey out of her inspector job?  How would the mum-of-two cope if she was left unemployed? Honey had only just taken charge of her life again after quitting her job at the Minute Mart because of her toxic boss Suki. The pair share a troubled past together on the BBC soap and viewers know all too well Suki harassed and ferociously intimidated Honey after kissing her. Honey ended up packing her bags and flying out to America to get away from Albert Square. However, with Suki continuing to intimidate Honey and threaten to have her fired it's clear the businesswoman still believes she has power over Honey. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEO RY]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [INTERVIEW]'Very rude' BBC Breakfast star horrified by co-star's appearance jibe [MUST SEE]   If Suki succeeds in getting Honey fired, what lengths will she go to get revenge on the evil businesswoman? Could Honey find a way to leave Suki without an income? Perhaps Honey will seek the help of another Walford resident to scheme against Suki and humiliate her. Suki actress, Balvinder, recently spoke out about her character's tendencies to take her anger out on those around her.  She explained: "She doesn't have the tools to just let go. She doesn't even know how to say sorry. "She doesn't know how to open up a conversation and tell someone how she's feeling. "Her default is to just lash out at everybody," but will this lead to her stint behind bars and exit from the show? EastEnders airs on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays on BBC One. 