The FA announced yesterday that England's national team will not play against Russia in any international football fixture "for the foreseeable future" following the invasion of Ukraine. Russian forces began their attack on Ukraine last week, and have since hit the capital Kyiv with devastating strikes. An FA statement said: "Out of solidarity with Ukraine and to wholeheartedly condemn the atrocities being committed by the Russian leadership, the FA can confirm that we won't play against Russia in any international fixtures for the foreseeable future. "This includes any potential match at any level of senior age group or para football." England joined Sweden, Czech Republic and Poland, who said they will refuse to play Russia at any venue. FIFA has ruled Russia must play at a neutral venue and with no spectators. Russia would also be forced to go by the name “Football Union of Russia (RFU)”, a similar punishment to that given by the International Olympic Committee (IOC). Conservative MP Damian Greene, a member of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, told Express.co.uk that FIFA risks the World Cup being jeopardised if they do not ban the country. Commenting on the governing body's response to the Russian invasion, he said: "I think that is unbelievably feeble and taking the example of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that allows Russia, despite all of the doping scandals, to participate in games as long as they are called the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC). "It's exactly the same cop out that the IOC went for. I think it's just unacceptable in the current climate. “I hope other countries follow the example of the English FA and more importantly the Polish FA in saying we won't play them. "That essentially dares FIFA to say 'ok we will award games to Russia'. “That would mean the World Cup wouldn't be played, I would very much hope that other countries that have qualified wouldn't participate in a World Cup with Russia." Asked if Russia should be banned, Mr Green responded: "Yes, a country that wages war against another country can't be allowed to have normal sport. "That would be the kind of symbolic gesture that would bring home to the Russian people that their government is driving them away from normal life and the big events in international sport. "It's pretty shameful for FIFA that they have not come to that conclusion when F1 instantly decided that the Russian Grand Prix couldn't take place." READ MORE: FIFA set to suspend Russia following boycott from international teams  The increasing pressure on FIFA may have already taken its toll, according to the BBC’s Dan Roan. On Monday, he tweeted that FIFA is in advanced talks over the full suspension of Russia until further notice. It is working closely with UEFA and an announcement is expected later today. International football isn't the only area coming under scrutiny, as Chelsea FC's future has also been plunged into uncertainty after Russian owner Roman Abramovich announced on Saturday that he would pass the "stewardship" of the club to the trustees of the club’s charitable foundation. DON'T MISS Poland ace Szczesny makes emotional Russia statement [INSIGHT] Arsenal's Smith Rowe names ex-stars who helped him into Arteta's plans [ANALYSIS] Verstappen shares what gives him 'more satisfaction' in Hamilton dig [INSIGHT] The move comes amid pressure from campaigners and MPs for Abramovich to be targeted by western sanctions. He remains the owner of the club, but Labour MP Chris Bryant used parliamentary privilege last week to say that Abramovich was identified by the Home Office in 2019 as having links to the Russian state as well as to “corrupt activity and practices”. Quoting from a leaked Home Office document, Mr Bryant said the UK should seize Abramovich’s assets and bar him from owning Chelsea.