David Lammy joined forces with shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves and shadow Trade Secretary Nick Thomas-Symonds to urge the Government to impose sanctions on luxury goods exports to Russia. But Sky News host Trevor Phillips questioned the impact of the strategy, noting Vladimir Putin is unlikely to stop his attack on Ukraine to avoid losing access to "Wedgwood crockery". Mr Phillips said: "The question I'm really asking is about the things where you appear to differ from the Government.  "I'm really trying to get some idea about the rationality of the measures that you are proposing. You've issued a press release in the name of Rachel Reeves, yourself, and Nick Symonds-Smith. "The first thing you've proposed in that letter is a ban on the export of luxury goods and you refer to the list of banned luxury goods that were drawn in the Syrian conflict. "Is it genuinely your contention that if we deprive Mr Putin of Jaguar cars, Wedgwood crockery, and chocolate truffles, which are the only thing on that list which you can only pretty much get from Britain, that's going to change his mind?" Mr Lammy said: "With all seriousness, we've been raising consistently implementing in full the Russia Report, dealing with dirty money, shell companies. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "We're talking about oligarchs that come to London and enjoy luxury goods and that's why you include them on the list." He continued: "We are saying there should be more banks listed. We can't understand why it's still the case that major banks are not subject to sanctions. "We've raised issues about the sectors included. Insurance should be included - it should not be possible for Vladimir Putin to effectively de-risk his war escapades in Ukraine. "We're concerned about family members of some of those oligarchs. Why aren't we banning the exports of luxury goods, so those are the issues that we're raising this morning." READ MORE: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires spectacularly Mr Lammy also insisted Russian Ambassador to the UK Andrei Kelin should be removed from the United Kingdom. He told Mr Phillips: "He came to Parliament a few weeks ago and we asked him what is Russia doing with troops on the border? He denied that Russia was building troops. "Has Russia got plans to come into the country? He said 'no, they do not want to invade Ukraine'. "We've had lie after lie." Mr Lammy went on: "It's time for him to leave our country." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUEJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Journalist blasted for 'anti-Brexit flag flying' in commentary Moscow earlier said its delegation was ready to meet Ukrainian officials in the Belarusian city of Gomel. The location proposed however was rejected by Kyiv as President Zelenskyy said Minsk itself was complicit in the Russian invasion. 