More than 400 mercenaries from the Wagner Group have infiltrated Kyiv and have Volodymr Zelenskyy firmly in their sights. The plan is to kill Mr Zelenskyy and his government in order the pave the way for Moscow to take control of the country. The Wagner Group is a de-facto private militia and was set up in 2014, allegedly by the former military intelligence officer Dmitry Utkin. Its mercenaries have been involved in operations in Syria and in the Donbas region. The group is also believed to be active in Africa, in particular in the Central African Republic. Sources close to the group told The Times the mercenaries are awaiting the green light from the Kremlin and have been promised large bonuses. They also claim the would-be assassins have been able to track the movements of the Mr Zelenskyy and his colleagues via their mobile phones. The former actor is fully aware that Putin is seeking to kill him. During an emotional video call with EU leaders last Thursday, he said that "this might be the last time you see me alive," according to reports. Later, he publicly declared that he was Russia's number one target. He said: “The enemy has designated me as target number one, and my family as target number two." Other prominent figures on Putin's hit list are thought to be former boxers Vitaly Klitschko and his brother Wladimir. It comes as Ukrainian and Russian officials held talks on Monday in Belarus, in an attempt to broker a ceasefire. The Ukrainian government also asked French President Emmanuel Macron to intercede on their behalf with Putin. READ MORE: Putin’s threats backfire as another nation looks set to join Nato The Élysée Palace confirmed in a statement that Mr Macron had spoken with the Russian President. They said: "The president reiterated the international community’s demand that Russia halt its offensive against Ukraine, and reaffirmed the necessity of immediately establishing a ceasefire." Mr Macron urged Putin to stop military strikes against civilians for the duration of the talks. He also called upon him to ensure international humanitarian law was respected and civilian populations and aid transports protected. On Monday, the northeastern city of Kharkiv came under ferocious artillery and rocket attacks from Russian forces. DON'T MISSPutin told he doesn't need nuclear weapons to 'kill himself' [REVEAL]Grieving Ukrainians bury their dead as sick children forced to hide [SPOTLIGHT]Terrifying new satellite footage shows 3-mile long convoy of Russians [INSIGHT] Video footage circulating on social media showed residential areas were targeted during the bombardment. The Ukrainian Interior Ministry said that dozens had died and hundreds were injured. In a powerful tweet, Ukrainian journalist Kristina Berdynskykh wrote: "Kharkiv is a Russian-speaking city in Ukraine. And right now, during the peace talks, Putin is destroying the Russian-speaking population of the city by shelling residential areas. "This is the protection of the Russian-speaking population? We will never forgive Russia for all these deaths."