Tottenham are interested in signing Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Unai Simon as a long-term replacement for Hugo Lloris, according to reports in Spain. The French World Cup-winning captain recently put pen to paper on a new two-year contract in north London but Spurs are said to be mindful that his powers could potentially wane during that period of time. Lloris' recent performances have been scrutinised after he gifted Wolves and Manchester City goals after failing to hold onto the ball. Yet his leadership in the dressing room remains imperative for Antonio Conte, who loves working with Lloris. The 35-year-old was delighted to extend his stay with Tottenham after nearly 10 years of service to the club. However, it appears Tottenham are mindful of ensuring they have a capable successor in mind for when the time is right to replace their No 1. READ MORE: Chelsea 'open talks' over Raphinha transfer as '£20m Leeds relegation clause' emerges According to MARCA in Spain, one stop-stopper on their radar is Simon, who has caught the eye in La Liga in recent seasons. The 24-year-old has since established himself as Luis Enrique's No 1 for the Spanish national side. Simon's consistency has seen him move ahead of the likes of David de Gea and Kepa Arrizabalaga in the pecking order, earning 20 caps. Tottenham signed Pierluigi Gollini on loan from Atalanta last summer and the deal could become permanent if the Italian makes 20 appearances. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationMohamed Salah rates Liverpool's hopes of winning quadruple after 150th goal in Norwich winMan Utd board 'prepare new contracts' for two surprise Ralf Rangnick favourites With Spurs now out of Europe, that seems unlikely to happen. It would therefore enable Tottenham to reconsider their options and whether they wanted to bring in sterner competition for Lloris, who has been relatively unchallenged this season. Simon is willing to stay at the San Mames though and is keen to repay the faith Athletic have shown in him. "As long as Athletic wants me to be here, I'm going to stay," he recently said. "I owe the life I have to Athletic and I want to thank them in the best possible way that is defending the goal of San Mames every game." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Spanish international does not have a release clause in his current deal in the Basque Country. It's claimed Tottenham would seek to integrate Simon slowly into the team ahead of Lloris over a two-year transitional period. England duo Sam Johnstone and Dean Henderson have also been linked with moves to Tottenham. The West Bromwich Albion goalkeeper is out of contract this summer and would therefore be available on a free transfer.