Sony is currently enjoying a victory lap for Spider-Man: No Way Home, as the film just crossed $1.8 billion at the global box office. It continues to stay at the top of cinema charts despite premiering on December 15. The internet is abuzz with speculation of a re-release to help it cross the $2 billion mark. There is a precedent for it, as previous Marvel movies have done the same. All this is after a Twitter post claimed the film would receive a digital and home debut with 100 minutes of new material. The main evidence for No Way Home getting a second shot in the cinemas is the fact it happened to Spider-Man: Far From Home and Avengers: Endgame. Both were brought back to boost their respective box office figures.  Endgame’s re-release also included a completely new scene featuring Hulk. The CGI was unfinished, but it gave audiences more time with the character. On the other hand, Far From Home didn’t feature any new scene, so reports of extra footage in cinemas should be taken with a grain of salt. READ MORE: Enid Blyton 'wouldn't be thrilled' woke The Magic Faraway Tree rewrite No Way Home recently crossing the $1.8 billion mark, it is tantalisingly close to the coveted $2 billion milestone. Sony may want to hit that number for a second wave of marketing around the film. Marvel’s Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness is also releasing in just a few months, picking up directly from where No Way Home left off.  It will deal with the consequences of the multiverse cracking open in Spidey’s outing, so a second No Way Home theatrical run could help boost both films. However, before Doctor Strange 2 debuts, the home release of Spidey’s last entry is expected to drop. The report of the extra footage came from Twitter user @5150Aamrit who posted: “It seems that #SpiderManNoWayHome's #BluRay will include around 100 Mins. of bonus content.” A new leak came from Reddit user Slight-Key3232 who has claimed to have some insider information on the home premiere. They posted: “[No Way Home is] currently pencilled in for release in the second week of March in Indonesia.”  It was immediately backed up by several other commentators. JohannSchmidt1943 wrote: “We have spoken to the source and believe that this may be true. An extended edition is slated for a March 11th release.” But what will these scenes include? DON'T MISS...Pirates of the Caribbean 6 risks delay after Johnny Depp exit [INSIGHT]Doctor Strange 2: New Super Bowl trailer teases X-Men return [EXPLAINER]Doctor Strange 2: Who are the Illuminati? Variants explained [INSIGHT] Before No Way Home released, there was endless speculation of character moments, cameos and connections. One of the biggest was about Charlie Cox’s Matt Murdoch aka Daredevil. Leaks suggested he originally had a much larger role, only for it to be chopped down into the brief appearance in the theatrical cut.  Another Reddit user is certainly hopeful this will all be added back in, as BigButter7 wrote: “Matt's courtroom scene + more Tom, Andrew, & Tobey extended scenes, hopefully.”  It comes just days after Cox teased the scenes in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, backing up the rumours. Jon Favreau, the original Iron Man director and Happy Hogan star also played a role in the first Daredevil movie. This movie, starring Ben Affleck, followed his Matt and Foggy Nelson (played by Favreau). Favreau wanted to put a nod to that role into No Way Home, with Cox saying: "I don't think they used it, but we added a little Easter egg where he goes, 'Yeah, I'm a little foggy on how that happened,' or something." It proves there is more footage of the star buried unused scenes. They could appear in a Blu-ray or a re-release of the film in cinemas. But, the rumours don’t end there, as Maguire’s and Garfield’s wallcrawlers are also expected to make an extended appearance. A list of extra material for the Blu-ray has surfaced online. It comes from the Twitter user that originally teased the 100 minutes of footage, @5150Aamrit, though they don’t provide any further sources. One of the scenes in the image reads: “The Spideys Hang Out.” It seems that Maguire and Garfield could be spending more time with Holland in the extended cut.