AnnaLynne McCord, 34, has written a short poem following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine this morning. Russian premier Vladimir Putin gave orders to his troops to cross the Crimean border. The 34-year-old shared a video on Twitter, reacting to the barbarity. The star recited a poem to the camera in a short clip for her 192,000 followers. AnnaLynne’s poem suggested that Putin was captioned: “Dear Mr President Vladimir Putin.” She recited as follows: “If I was your mother you would have been so loved, held in the arms of joyous light. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years “Never would the story’s plight the world unfurled before our eyes, a pure demise of nations sitting peaceful under a night sky. “If I was your mother, the world would have been warm. So much laughter and joy and nothing would harm. “I can’t imagine the stain, the soul stealing pain, that the little boy you have seen and believed, and the formulation of thought quickly taught that you lived in a cruel unjust world. “Is this why you now decide no one will get the best of you? Is this why you do not hide nor away shy from taking back the world. Was it because so early in life, all that strife wrapped your little body with fear." She continued: ‘If I was your mother, if the world was cold I’d have died to make you warm. “I’d have died to protect you from the unjust, the violence, the terror, the uncertainty, I would have died to give you life. Oh Dear Mr President Putin, if only I’d been your mother.” The full post can be found on the actress’ Instagram account. Fans' opinions on the star’s post were mixed. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] Some fans were supportive of the star, praising her on the poem’s power. @EbeSZN35 wrote: “Ignore the comments, what a powerful poem.” @PaoroGueatta said: “Ignore haters, Queen.” However, other fans were not so quick to praise the actress. @JGilliam_Seal said: “They should seriously play this on a loop on loudspeakers all over the Ukraine. “The Russians would run back home.” @Angelinabelcamino penned: “Was going to do a dance to stop Putin but I think this 90210 actress nailed it.” @SethEverman mocked: “Dear @IAMannalynnemcc, I’m so sorry that I was not your mother. You would have been so loved." @Luiseach said: “Is it possible to die of cringe?”