Zoey had been missing from Lafayette, California, since 2010 when she was around one year old. After 12 years, her owner Michelle did not expect to be reunited with her pet and the microchip company had even listed her as deceased in their records. But on February 10, police received a call about a dog that had been dumped at a rural property near Stockton. An animal services officer scanned the dog's microchip which showed it was Zoey. Michelle said: "I'm still in shock. "I definitely didn't expect this to ever happen but I'm excited so I'm really excited. "I'm excited to hopefully bring her back, get her healthy and let her live the rest of her life." Michelle, who has another 13-year-old dog, now lives in Benicia but the contact number in her microchip details was still the same. San Joaquin County Sheriff's Office shared a video of Michelle and Zoey being reunited on their Facebook page. The post says: "On February 10, 2022, Animal Services Officer Brandon Levin received a call regarding a stray dog who had been dropped off on a rural property outside Stockton. READ MORE: Horror as helpless dog thrown from truck at 50mph on rural road  "The caller said the dog appeared old and unwell. "ASO Levin scanned the dog for a tracking chip, and to his surprise the dog, named Zoey, had been reported missing from Lafayette, California in 2010. Yes, 12 years ago! "Zoey had been missing for so long, in 2015 the microchip company had actually listed her as 'deceased' in their records. "Even more amazing, the owners still had the same phone number, though they now live in Benecia. DON'T MISSAnimal abusers to face £5,000 fines under strict new welfare law [ANALYSIS]Heartbreak as dog still waiting for forever home after 500 days [INSIGHT]Dog thieves sent warning with new app [INSIGHT] "We met the owner Michelle in Rio Vista, where she and Zoey reunited after 12 years apart!" The post has received hundreds of comments and thousands of likes from other Facebook users. Wynne Wycoff wrote: "Thanks to San Joaquin County Sheriff's Office for making this happen! And glad Zoey is reunited with her family! I pray that she heals and feels safe back with her family!" Janine Rene commented: "Such an awesome story. I'm glad she got her fur baby back." Summer Smith added: "Great story! I love a happy ending!"