Haas driver Mick Schumacher admitted he still harbours dreams of following in his iconic father Michael’s footsteps by racing for Ferrari in Formula 1. The German’s place in the Ferrari Driver Academy helped him land a spot on the grid in 2021, with Ferrari sending him to Haas after he won the F2 title. Schumacher impressed as best he could during his rookie campaign, dominating fellow debutant Nikita Mazepin as both drivers have been retained for 2022. The 22-year-old will also ramp up his Ferrari involvement for 2022, sharing reserve driver duties with former Alfa Romeo racer Antonio Giovinazzi. However, Schumacher is still dreaming of a seat at Ferrari – an opportunity he believes many drivers strive to achieve - in order to imitate his iconic father. Michael Schumacher won seven world championships during his career, with five titles coming while he was at Ferrari. JUST IN: Haas consider terminating Mazepin contract after Russia invade Ukraine “Ferrari is a goal for many drivers, and so it is for me,” Schumacher told RTL. “What I did last year was worth it. That teams see it, it’s a big step.” The 2022 F1 season is the ushering in of a new era, with new rules and regulations set to force teams to adjust their cars to capitalise on new technical innovations. The regulations have been designed to improve competition and parity within the sport after a year dominated each week by Mercedes and Red Bull. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflictF1 fans back Masi sacking but the jury is out on new FIA appointmentsMercedes chief bemoans 'difficult morning' with Lewis Hamilton in test Perhaps no team has gone with a more unique and innovative design than Ferrari with their F1-75, a car which Schumacher will drive should Carlos Sainz or Charles Leclerc be ruled out. The German commented the car is ‘quite wide’ with ‘a dent on top of the sideboard’. “I haven’t seen that on any other car,” he added. Schumacher also hopes Haas’ 2022 car will be more competitive than the VF-21, which was not developed in order to focus on its successor. Haas finished bottom of the 2021 Constructors’ standings, which means that alongside being the earliest team to switch their attention to 2022, they were also afforded the most time in the wind tunnel. Pre-season running is now underway in Barcelona, but Schumacher says the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix will determine their initial place in the pecking order. “We’ll have to wait and see, the first race will show,” said Schumacher of his 2022 prospects. The record 23-race 2022 campaign begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.