Though Bruce Forsyth had a hugely lucrative career, boasting the longest one ever for a male entertainer in the history of showbiz, his children seem to have been left out when it comes to reaping the rewards of his formidable fortune. The Strictly Come Dancing and The Price Is Right star surprised the public after claims were made that none of his children would inherit so much as a single penny - although there could be a cunning reason. Bruce, who enjoyed an incredible 75-year stage career following his first ever TV appearance aged just 11, died in 2017. He had fought a short battle with bronchial pneumonia, aged 89, and in honour of his entertainment career, had his ashes scattered beneath the stage at the London Palladium. However the public was shocked when it emerged that it was his third wife - former Miss World 1975 winner Wilnelia Merced - who would inherit the entirety of his fortune. No-one else, not even his six children, were honoured in the £11.5 million will. READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him However, on closer examination, Bruce had revealed in an early interview that he had every intention of his children benefitting from his will. Discussing the banes of inheritance tax back in 2015, just two years before his death, Bruce told the Radio Times: "I think your inheritance should go to your children more than back to the country that you've lived in. "I'm not saying you don't owe the country something, of course you owe your country a lot for living there all those years. "But I think it can be a bit over the top." The current laws state that 40% of a deceased person's funds are claimed by the government as inheritance tax. However those who have left all of their funds above a £325,000 threshold to a spouse or civil partner, for instance, instead of children, are not required to fork out for the tax. A representative from Maplebrooks Wills explained to the Birmingham Mail: "Bruce had six children – a son and five daughters – and nine grandchildren from his three marriages. "But rather than leaving anything to his children, he left £11.5m to his widow, Lady Wilnelia Merced, in his will. In 2019, she wound up his business – reportedly worth a further £4.5m. "On the face of it, it seems like a smart move. If he had left money to his children, 40 per cent of the amount exceeding the inheritance tax threshold would go to HRMC. The threshold is £325,000 for a single person." DON'T MISS: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST] Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil [INSIGHT] David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' [DEBATE]  "In contrast, there’s an exemption if your estate is passed to a spouse or civil partner. So, Bruce’s widow would have paid no inheritance tax." The firm continued by referencing newspaper reports that Bruce's wife is expected to distribute his assets to his children over time. It added: "Such gifts – called Potentially Exempt Transfers (PETs) – will fall out of the estate for inheritance tax purposes if she lives for at least seven years." However the rep for the firm also warned that the method was a "risky approach", and that "if a widow passed away before the seven years were up, the amount of the PET would be added to the value of the estate". They continued: "There’s [also] the possibility of a widow (or widower) not getting on with, or falling out with, children from previous marriages. "And then there’s a third scenario. If a widow or widower married again, their previous will would be rendered null and void. A new will might be made, cutting out children from previous relationships." "If you want to guarantee that your children inherit after your death, a trust – rather than a will – is the best way of making it happen." However it is believed that Bruce did leave payments of £100,000 to each of his nine grandchildren. The rep for Maplebrooks Wills clarified: "We don’t know anything more about Bruce Forsyth’s estate and he may have taken other measures that were not reported by the media."