In the market town where I live, motorists have long since reconciled themselves to giving way to Eric. Though Eric (not his real name) is not a cyclist. Disabled as the result of a terrible accident many years ago he makes his way round the town backwards in a wheelchair, kitted out in a high-vis jacket, pushing with his feet. Day in, day out. He disdains the pavements and sticks to the middle of the street. Eric takes precedence over everyone. Cars flow slowly round him as he continues on his majestic progress. He frequently causes small traffic jams but I've never known anyone to get impatient. People join him in the middle of the thoroughfare for a chat about the weather and give him cups of coffee when he parks himself outside the supermarket at the same time each day. Last week there was a stranger in town. He must have been a stranger because when he saw Eric in the middle of the road he parked his van, rushed out and pushed Eric on to the pavement. Eric doesn't speak much so it was left to others to try to explain that Eric doesn't want to be on the pavement ‑ probably because the camber makes his wheelchair as hard to steer as a shopping trolley. But the man with the van paid no attention because he thought he was doing a kind thing, which in other circumstances he would have been. With Eric stranded on the pavement he returned to his van and drove off, confident he had performed his good deed for the day. Once the van driver was out of sight Eric glided niftily backwards into the middle of the road and continued on his way. One day I fear that some jobsworth from the police or social services will bring an end to Eric's harmless perambulations on the grounds of health and safety, that he will be forced to make his way round town, facing forwards, on the pavement and propelled by a carer. But until then, his presence makes me rather proud of our community. At some point in his life he lost almost everything. All he has now is this one way of demonstrating what remains of his independence and we all help him a bit. Changes to the Highway Code will create a "hierarchy" of road users, so drivers will have more responsibility to watch out for pedestrians, cyclists and horse riders. I don't know where Eric's unique mode of transport figures, but long may he continue. Poor old Becks. He and Victoria have been together for a quarter of a century but he says they've only eaten the same food together once because Posh is on a permanent grilled-fish-and-steamed-vegetables diet. He told the River Café Table 4 podcast: "The only time that she's probably ever shared something that's been on my plate was actually when she was pregnant with Harper. "I can't remember what it was ‑ but I know she's not eaten it since." Celebs, I've noticed, when interviewed for those lifestyle pieces, always say they eat grilled fish and steamed vegetables. I am torn between admiration for their self-discipline and pity for anyone who does not know the pleasure of being seduced on a regular basis by chips, cheese, chocolate, trifles, creamy sauces, succulent steak, spicy sausages, jam roly-poly and custard... and all those other things that just make life worth living. Apart from losing our sense of smell and taste, Covid has also robbed us of the ability to make small talk. I've no idea if that's true but that's what Georgie Nightingall says. She runs conversational training courses for the tongue-tied. She was fed up with people asking her the usual question, "what do you do?" Though that is a question which peters out as you get older. When most of your social group is of retirement age it's not a question that gets you very far. The art of making small talk sounds rather old-fashioned, like something you'd learn at finishing school along with how to get out of a Maserati without showing your knickers and how to eat artichokes. It's the ability to talk about nothing, to gauge your audience and know when it's appropriate to talk about anti-vaxxers and when it's better to stick to the weather. Of course the trick is to ask people questions about themselves because it's usually their favourite subject. As a journalist one does get rather hardened to asking impertinent questions, so one has to rein it in a bit and remember not to ask a relative stranger whom they are sleeping with or how rich they are. A former colleague had a foolproof way of getting a dull interview back on track. "Was there a time you nearly died?" he'd say. Not really one for polite society either. "Without saying your age, say something a younger person wouldn't understand". This was doing the rounds on Twitter last week, the answers conjuring up a long-gone world when you had to pull out the choke, let your fingers do the walking and don't forget to tell Sid. This was a world where you had to warm up the set, remember the cuddly toy and put the milk bottles out. These were memories from a time when "party line" meant next door was on the phone and had nothing to do with politics. If a cassette tape was playing up you'd say "pass me a pencil". And if a letter you were expecting didn't arrive, you'd say, "Maybe it'll come in the second post"? While there's not the slightest chance of the second post being restored, the latest brainwave from Royal Mail is a stamp with a barcode which will enable the lucky recipient to watch a Shaun the Sheep video. What a time to be alive! Part of the magic barcode will also ‑ it is said ‑ allow Royal Mail to track and trace every piece of post. Though knowing how successful track-and-trace programs tend to be, I'm not overly excited. No names, no pack drill. But I know for a fact that ‑ despite my protestations ‑ one of my offspring never actually read the Dickens novel on their university curriculum. A few crib notes and some blah about awful social conditions in Victorian England got the child a reasonable (and completely undeserved) grade. So the fact Royal Holloway College is to give trigger warnings to students "reading" Oliver Twist strikes me as pointless. You're unlikely to be triggered by the scenes of "child abuse", "domestic violence" and "racial prejudice" if you never actually open the book. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea