In England, Carer’s Allowance is usually paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to people looking after someone for 35 hours or more a week. However, the Scottish Government has opened a consultation on plans for a new benefit for unpaid carers north of the border. If the plans get the green light it will mean a huge shake up to how carers are paid in Scotland. The Government is proposing a new benefit to replace Carer’s Allowance, currently being delivered by the DWP. What’s more it could see carers receive an additional payment of more than £500 a year if they care for more than one person. The Scottish Carers Assistance consultation has also said it wants to improve the service and support that carers receive when it comes to social care, employability, education and bereavement. READ MORE: Cold weather payment: could you be due a payout   If the plans go ahead they will be put into place after the Adult Disability Payment is introduced. This will start replacing Personal Independence Payments (PIP) for nearly 300,000 Scottish claimants from August. Meanwhile, the Government has also agreed to the extension of Scottish Child Payment for six to 16 year olds by the end of the year. This is in addition to the first low income winter heating benefit which is also being introduced this year and will replace the Cold Weather Payment scheme and see low income households receive £50 every winter. DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] Scotland’s Social Security Minister Ben Macpherson said the reforms are necessary to improve carers’ lives. He said: “Caring for a loved one can be a positive and life-changing experience but also presents many challenges. He continued: “This is in addition to continuing support for young carers and maintaining the extra support from our Carer’s Allowance Supplement, providing eligible carers with an extra £460 a year. “We will also create a weekly payment of £10 for those caring for more than one person, and if the person they care for is challenging a change to their disability benefits we will make support available."    Mr Macpherson added that it’s not the only improvement they are planning to make. He continued: “This is in addition to continuing support for young carers and maintaining the extra support from our Carer’s Allowance Supplement, providing eligible carers with an extra £460 a year.” “When we have introduced our new benefit, and safely and securely transferred people from Carer’s Allowance to Scottish Carer’s Assistance, we intend to make further improvements. “We will look for opportunities to make these changes sooner if we can do so without putting carers’ existing benefits at risk.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Scottish Carer’s Assistance consultation is open for responses until May 23 and carers are encouraged to have their say. The results will be shared with the DWP, as part of their plans to devolve social security. Anyone who cares for someone for 35 hours or more a week could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance. More information is available at gov.uk