Kate Garraway has revealed that her husband is “still terribly affected” by coronavirus, despite having contracted it back in 2020. Following an almost 400 day stint in the hospital, 54-year-old Derek Draper has since returned to his family home with the Good Morning Britain presenter and their two children, though his recovery is still ongoing. With a long road to recovery still ahead for the entire family, Express.co.uk reveals the latest on Derek Draper’s health. Kate’s husband Derek was first admitted to hospital with Covid in 2020, where he remained in intensive care for months. Having spent a staggering 374 days in hospital, Mr Draper has since been cared for at home with his devoted wife and two young children by his side. Despite leaving hospital in April 2021, the father of two still requires round the clock care to help him cope with the long term effects of the virus. Though Kate has spoken out on the positive progress her husband has made, the 54-year-old presenter is continuing to adjust to a new life after COVID-19 struck her partner of 17 years. READ MORE: Aldi has 30% off Specialbuys - here are our top picks from the sale As viewers will see tonight, Kate’s husband is still battling the everyday challenges of reduced speech and mobility even almost two years after contracting the virus. While discussing the latest on the coronavirus pandemic, Kate told Ben Shepherd and Dr Hilary on Good Morning Britain: “Obviously he is still terribly affected by Covid, and undoubtedly it has had an effect on certain brain connections to his body.” Kate explained that though she can’t speak for Derek, there is no doubt that the mental obstacles posed by his poor health must be significant. She added: “I don't know about mental wellbeing if I'm absolutely honest because he is still so affected in terms of communication and mobility that I wouldn't feel qualified to say whether it had had an impact in terms of depression and anxiety." She went on: "I mean it must be I would have thought, because if you are still unable to communicate and very challenged mobility wise, and lung, and all the other things, then that is going to affect anxiety." In a recent interview with The Sun, the presenter revealed her heartbreak as she watches her husband confront his own reality at their North London home. She told the paper: “Derek dreams about the ‘before’, and every morning it’s just so, so awful seeing him wake up, and the realisation of where he is. “There’s a kind of heartbreak in his eyes, every single morning. You can just see it.” DON'T MISS:Kate Garraway details heartbreaking key step in Derek's recovery [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway made one change to diet to lose huge 2st [REVEAL]Kate Garraway 'protective' of Derek as she says he’s a 'stranger' [ANALYSIS] Reports that Derek Draper recently flew to Mexico for a Covid trial show the family's ongoing plea for the former lobbyist’s recovery. As reported by The Sun, Kate said: “It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited. “He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen.” Speaking of the “huge amount of hope” for her husband to improve, the resilient mother of two revealed that the treatment could be positive for her husband’s health. The trial which took place in Monterrey has been a significant turning point for the family, who are desperately holding out for a “happy ending”. 