David (played by Takaya Honda) and Aaron (Matt Wilson) have been at loggerheads on Neighbours recently as they have both had opposing views of taking on the parental rights for their niece, Abigail Tanaka. The young girl's father, Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano) took back his daughter earlier this week on the Channel 5 soap, leading to more arguments between the married couple as they differed over whether the baby should be with its father. However, as a newcomer is thrown into the mix in upcoming scenes and they build up a friendship with David, he could begin to look elsewhere. The drama begins in next week's episodes of the weekday serial drama as the couple attend Chloe Brennan's (April Rose Pengilly) house party. Aaron was venomous to his sister after hearing she had a word with Leo and encouraged him to take back his daughter, so she hopes to clear the air with him at the party. It's not too long before the brother and sister are making up and after they reconcile, Chloe tells her brother to go and speak with his husband. Little does Aaron know, his spouse has been sharing his marital problems with his work colleague and newcomer Dean (Travis Cotton). Furious when he discovers what has been going on, Aaron pins Dean up against a car and causes a scene in the middle of the party. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? A few days pass and it's clear the couple are still not on speaking terms, with the atmosphere being picked up by their loved ones. David is offered a trip away by his uncle, Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett), who thinks a break away could be a perfect resolution. The doctor is keen to take him up on the offer but his husband is still not over what happened at the party and he becomes very jealous. Aaron thinks his spouse has a crush on Dean and so he asks David to stop seeing his friend and to stop sharing their private matters with the world. Unfortunately, after promising he wouldn't turn to Dean, the father of one is back consoling in his colleague about his home life. Caught in the act by Aaron and Chloe, things turn heated as David's husband grabs the newcomer and physically restrains him. Things are not looking good for the beloved couple at his point as it seems more and more issues are bubbling to the surface. As the pressure of being with Aaron in the state he's in gets too much for the doctor, could he end up spending the night with Dean? David has always been committed to his husband and they have never shown any signs of cheating on each other since they have been married. But, recent problems could have created a too bigger divide between them and David could be looking for some escapism in the wrong place. DON'T MISS...Queen's engagement cancelled: Liz Truss tells royals to scrap event [COMMENT]Boris and Liz Truss issue fierce double warning to Russia [COMMENT]Pension warning: Britons could be hit with 55% tax charge on savings [ANALYSIS] With the situation at home not improving, David sleeping with Dean could become a regular thing as they embark on an affair. The doctor could think he has got the secret well and truly harboured but they never stay that way for too long on Ramsay Street. Before he knows it, Aaron could discover what has been happening behind his back and this could leave him heartbroken. David could plead for forgiveness as he tells his husband he wants them to work through their issues instead of ignoring them. However, this could be a step too far for Aaron as he realises he can no longer be married to his cheating husband. The actor who plays David, Takaya, has spoken out on his character's latest storyline and what this means for the beloved couple's future. Takaya explained his character's thought process: "For me, the relationship between David and Dean is just one of confiding in a co-worker. "At some point, Dean has asked David: 'How are you today? You're sad. There's something wrong.' "David has then just divulged and unleashed all of the things that have happened because he needed that open ear and that objective point of view to give him some perspective. "David and Dean have chatted in that way. He's just that person at work that David can talk to," the soap star told Digital Spy. Whether this could lead to something more is yet to be seen as the co-workers do have a strong bond which they have developed. The actor also acknowledged how his character does make a promise to stay away from Dean but admitted his alter-ego is drawn to Dean. This is in the sense he needs someone to look at his situation objectively and give thoughts on what they see from the outside. But is this a sign David wants something more, not necessarily right now but sometime in the not-so-distant future? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.