Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand believes fast centre forwards should look to target Red Devils captain Harry Maguire. The England international has endured a very challenging season at Old Trafford, with his performances seemingly coming under intense criticism every week. Ralf Rangnick dropped the former Leicester City defender for United’s recent 0-0 home draw with relegation battling Watford. The former RB Leipzig boss opted to deploy Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane with Bruno Fernandes deputising as captain in Maguire’s absence. It was a decision proceeding United’s 1-1 away draw with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League, where Maguire failed to pick up Joao Felix for Atletico’s goal. And Ferdinand believes centre forwards with pace could prey on the United captain, particularly if United continue to play with a high line. JUST IN: Tottenham target Franck Kessie ‘not convinced’ over Arsenal move “If I'm a quick centre-forward or a quick attacker, I would be hanging around where Harry Maguire is,” Ferdinand said on his Vibe with Five YouTube channel. “For all the good traits he has in his game, that is a big weakness and that is a fundamental of all the top teams, to play 1v1 on the halfway. “For Maguire, long-term, unless he can find an extra yard of pace it's going to be difficult for him. “You have to be able to do that. Top teams, top players can do that. Jaap Stam - leave him on the halfway line, not a problem. Virgil van Dijk, leave him on the halfway line, not a problem.” READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'has made mind up' about Cristiano Ronaldo United travel to fierce rivals Manchester City in their next Premier League home match on the 6th March. While the Red Devils are currently occupying fourth position, they could be as low as sixth if Arsenal and Tottenham with their games in hand over United. West Ham's vital victory over Wolves also moved them within two points of Rangnick's side. However, even if United had amassed a sizeable gap in the final Champions League place, they are still way behind their overall ambitions of challenging for the title. And Ferdinand also feels United may struggle to compete for the title if Maguire is still one of their main defenders. “Is Maguire going to enable you to win the league? That's a question as well,” Ferdinand added. “The thing about someone like Ralf Rangnick and all the top teams now is when they play, they play on the front foot and want to win the ball high. “Therefore, you need defenders that can defend on the halfway line 1v1, 2v2 or 3v2 if you want that security. But if you can play 2v2 or 1v1 on the halfway line, that enables you to have more bodies in the opponents' half. Hence why teams do that, to win the ball early and be closer to the opposition goal to score goals.” “Liverpool do it tremendously well, Manchester City do it really well, Bayern do it. Three of the best teams on the planet and everyone is going that way of playing football. Rangnick's style is like that. “Can you do that with Maguire? That's my problem, that's my issue. His pace doesn't allow for that, he's always going to be looking over his shoulder.”