Moscow announced military action agist Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday morning, declaring its intention to “de-militarise” and “de-Nazify” its neighbouring country. Mr Macron’s Government responded by pledging to deepen its support for Ukraine “in all its forms”. But the French President has received criticism for aggressive posturing and urged to focus on his own country rather than on events taking place in the East. Sebastien Chenu, a member of the French National Assembly and spokesman of the National Rally, said beyond condemning Mr Putin’s actions, France should distance itself from the invasion. He added that threatening continuous sanctions, and to provide Ukraine with support “in all its forms”, made Mr Macron appear as “Joe Biden's little messenger”, acting not independently on the wishes of the French people but on the command of the US President. Mr Chenu told Direct 5: “I don't believe that invading Ukraine is in the interest of Vladimir Putin… “[National Rally leader] Marine Le Pen has already condemned his latest actions, but beyond that, what is the interest of France? “Is it to marginalise Russia? Is it to impose very hard sanctions and then pay for the consequences of those sanctions? “We have to be a balanced and independent country, equidistant from the United States and Russia.” He concluded, in no uncertain terms: “We don't want a war with Russia. We will not die for Ukraine.” This follows a warning from Ghanem Nuseibeh, founder of Cornerstone Global Associates, that Europe is onto a losing game when it comes to pressing the Kremlin with sanctions. READ MORE: Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack He said in a post on Twitter: “Any effective sanctions against Russia will be more painful to the EU than to Russia.” Despite this, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said following a meeting with the President the country would step up its response to Moscow. He, quoted in Reuters, said: “This choice of war is a brutal violation of international law. “It will have immediate and massive consequences and a severe cost.” DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] Mr Macron is expected to make a statement later today. In further comments to Direct 5, Mr Chenu warned French voters could soon suffer directly from Paris’s issuing of further sanctions. He said: “Look at the sanctions towards Russia. This may have consequences for France. “And for us, the interests of France are more important. “When tomorrow we have to pay more for gas, do you think the French will think it was a clever idea?” Most senior British politicians have similarly echoed the alleged need for further sanctions against Russia, despite claims Russia has “sanction-proofed” its economy, and have doubled down on their defence of NATO. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.