 While attending the convention Gallifrey One in Los Angeles over the weekend, executive producer Matt Strevens had reportedly spoken on a leading storyline that had unravelled in the New Year special Eve of the Daleks, which saw companion Yaz acknowledging her feelings for The Doctor. For long-standing Whovians, it had been speculated whether fan theories could have triggered a romantic twist.   In a Twitter thread, a fan reported that Matt told the audience: "I didn't know what Thasmin was... Jodie said after the first season, 'Oh there's speculation out there', but we hadn't really thought about it. "[Thasmin] was something that [showrunner Chris Chibnall] wanted to bring in and sort of play with it. “Yaz is not sure about what these feelings she's having are... yeah, there's more to come.” Reportedly, the producer had prescribed each Timelord a companion to have a relationship similar to a love story of sorts. READ MORE:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set  Meanwhile, Jodie announced she would be stepping down as the 13th Doctor, along with showrunner Chris Chibnall who will be replaced by writer Russell T Davies. Jodie had praised Chris for keeping her on her toes and said that she's leaving Doctor Who on a "real high" following serialised story Flux. She said: “I know what challenges Chris is going to lay ahead in a brilliant way, and as an actor, I just felt like this was a real high. "So I'd be staying for so many right reasons but then also just to kind of cling on to something for myself, whereas actually what I'm being given is wonderful,” Jodie added.  Having played the leading role for the 11th, 12th and 13th series, the show's producers are now on the prowl for a new Time Lord who will take the reins. Fans are speculating who will be next in the TARDIS while the bookmakers at Ladbrokes believe a former Doctor Who star could be set to make a huge comeback. Actor David Tennant was among the key contenders linked with the popular British role despite previously playing the titular character from 2005 to 2010 as the 10th reincarnation. Sending fans into meltdown, the Scottish performer was said to be “irreplaceable” amongst long-standing viewers after his departure from the show reportedly left it close to cancelling entirely.  The bookies make the TV star just 11/10 for a sensational return whereas It’s A Sin star Lydia West has been the subject of 83.6 per cent of all Doctor Who bets placed so far this month. Even Jodie believes the Years and Years star could be next to take the iconic sci-fi role and even shared her thoughts during an interview. Joining Vick Hope and Jordan North on BBC Radio 1, Jodie and her castmate Mandip Gill took part in a round of Kids Ask, where children ask the questions adults probably wouldn't get away with. When she was asked who should be the next Doctor, the Black Mirror actor replied: "I’m going to pick an actress who I think is really exciting and I think would be phenomenal, an actress called Lydia West."   She remarked: “If I had the power!" Rewinding back to Christmas time, Mandeep spoke about her future on the show, following the exit of her class pal and colleague. "What's great about Doctor Who is that the audience are so open to old and new characters all the time. "I've loved every minute of the journey. And actually, that'd be some time in the future that that would happen. But I'd say… never say never,” she told Radio Times. Doctor Who: Flux is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now. 