Manchester United have been handed a £20,000 fine after their players surrounded referee Peter Bankes to lobby for a red card for Lewis Dunk during their Premier League clash with Brighton last week. The Red Devils won the match 2-0. United took the lead after 51 minutes of the encounter as Cristiano Ronaldo thumped an effort into the bottom corner. And they might have added a second moments later after Anthony Elanga dispossessed Dunk on the edge of the Brighton area. But the Seagulls defender instinctively grabbed hold of Elanga, who went to ground on the edge of the box. Red Devils players raced over to Bankes to make their case for a red card, with Ronaldo running 15 yards while flailing his arms all over the place. Scott McTominay, Jadon Sancho and Luke Shaw were also forthcoming with their views as United sensed an opportunity to get a numerical advantage. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley  Bankes initially brandished a yellow card for the foul but upgraded it to a red following intervention from VAR. United accepted their punishment, which was dished out on Tuesday, and admitted they “failed to ensure players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion.” Following Dunk’s dismissal, Brighton manager Graham Potter claimed his side had been hard done by. “It was a yellow card live, [Adam] Webster was there on the cover,” Potter said after the match. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)     “It’s not clear and obvious that he wouldn’t get there. I don’t understand the intervention. “I’d like to see some stats because as soon as the referee goes to the monitor it is only going to go one way, and that’s how it is.” But Potter insisted the United players weren’t to blame for the sending off. “I don’t blame them,” Potter added. “I’m not being critical, it is what it is. You expect that reaction - they have got to do their bit for their team.   “Then you need the referee and VAR to make calls independent of external pressure, which isn’t easy. “We were the better team first half. But we don’t start the second half well enough and we get punished by a world-class finish from a world-class player and then a controversial red card.” United’s victory against Brighton ended a run of three games without a win for Ralf Rangnick’s side. The 13-times Premier League champions had previously been held to back-to-back 1-1 draws by Burnley and Southampton after being knocked out of the FA Cup by Middlesbrough at the start of February. And the Red Devils then backed-up their victory by claiming another three points against Leeds United at the weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 