Joanne Clifton was crowned Strictly Come Dancing champion in 2016 alongside her celebrity dance partner Ore Oduba. The 38-year-old has addressed her health concerns as the professional dancer admitted people shouldn't be "embarrassed". The performer, who is currently taking part in The Addams Family Musical Tour, was diagnosed with osteoarthritis in her knees at the tender age of 31 in 2015, adding that she was "in so much pain". The dancer explained that people tend to assume that the disease can only impact the elderly but added that this is far from the case. Joanne has continued to raise awareness about the debilitating effects of arthritis after she teamed up with Arthr, a social venture powered by the charity Versus Arthritis, which is the UK's largest charity dedicated to supporting people with arthritis. Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common form of arthritis and is a degenerative joint condition that impacts the bone causing wear and tear resulting in the cartilage joint breaking down. READ MORE: Britney Spears deletes post amid claim ex-managers 'tried to kill me' There are 18.8 million people living with arthritis and musculoskeletal (MSK) conditions in the UK. Speaking about her condition, Joanne explained: "I was officially diagnosed with arthritis in 2015 after a flare on a Strictly tour. "I trained in Italy for years and my knees had been painful and made a cracking sound whenever I was bending down. "I put it down to hard work at the time." Joanne has remained resolute and is determined to continue with her dancing career as she explained that arthritis can affect people at any age. "For one, it is important for me to get it out there that we get rid of the stigma that it's only for old people, because it's not," Joanne commented. "You can be diagnosed with arthritis at any age." She continued: "We shouldn't be embarrassed about it either. It can happen at any age. DON'T MISS... John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict[SPORT]Giovanni's new partner unveiled as pro replaces Rose[STRICTLY] "I don't know why it's only associated with older people." The professional dancer went on: "Two, the message that I need to get out there is if you listen to your doctors' advice, you can adjust things, and use products from ARTHR that are available to you, make small adjustments in life and you can live out your dreams." Joanne explained that despite her health diagnosis she was still able to compete in dance competitions over the years. She said: "I managed to win the World Championships, the European Championships and Strictly. "And I'm still performing in UK tours and things like that every night with this condition." Joanne added: "I feel like it's important to get the message out there, especially for performers and dancers, that your dreams and career are not over just because you've been diagnosed with [arthritis]." The dancer also revealed that when she is on tour or goes on long car journeys she carries her Arthr Car Door Mate which helps to relieve strain on her lower body. In addition, she credits their Long Hot Water Bottle to help warm her joints during a flare-up. You can find out more information at https://www.arthr.com.