Fast food lovers can rejoice, as Wendy’s is coming to the beach. This is not the brand’s UK debut however, with a number of restaurants opening last week. The sixth company-owned UK location will be Brighton. The restaurant, located at 192 Western Rd, Brighton BN1 2BA, will serve breakfast, lunch and dinner to hungry beachgoers. Britons can get a taste of the American dream with its signature U.S. menu items. However, alongside this will be an exclusive range of items only available in the UK, including the Veggie Stack and whole fillet Chicken Nuggets. Regarding the new restaurant opening, Paul Hilder, SVP and Managing Director of Wendy's UK and Canada stated: “Brighton is a vibrant, inclusive community and we are thrilled to be welcomed with open arms to Brighton’s thriving food scene. READ MORE: Aldi has 30% off Specialbuys - here are our top picks from the sale “As we look to expand our brand presence across England, our restaurant opening in Brighton puts us one step closer to bringing more Wendy’s to more customers across the country. “We also know convenience is key, and this restaurant offers access to Wendy’s high quality, made-to-order food through dine in, take away and delivery.” Indeed, for those who want to enjoy Wendy’s from the comfort of their own home, it will be available from Wendy’s Brighton on UberEats. Steven Derwoed, VP Global Design and Construction at Wendy’s, commented: “The Wendy’s restaurant experience is all about creating a cool and energetic place that our customers and crew love being a part of. “Our Brighton restaurant features custom W tables, and we have incorporated oversized pendant fixtures to accentuate the open and airiness of the space. “We have created purpose-built high-top seating in the windows of both floors which allows diners to look out over Western Avenue as they eat, and throughout the restaurant there are several large art pieces that speak to what is important to us as a brand.” Earlier this month, Wendy’s fans took to Twitter with excitement about the new opening. Twitter user @casfreuk replied to a Wendy’s tweet, asking: “Any news on Brighton?? “Cannot wait for it to open!” @MotorCityBrit responded: “Have you seen the storefront? Looks like it’s close to opening. They added: “I will be one of its first customers, lol.” Wendy’s fans can welcome in the new month of March with a signature square burger. The reason for the uniquely shaped burger is reportedly because founder Dave Thomas wanted everyone to see the quality of the meat sticking out of the bun. It is also a metaphor for not ‘cutting corners’ with their products. Wendy’s has been going strong since 1969. Reading Stratford Oxford Croydon Romford Brighton