Over the last few weeks, Baz Luhrmann has been posting pictures of Elvis Presley as part of his “Elvis Mondays” in the run-up to the release of his biopic of The King. Now, after months of waiting, the Moulin Rouge director has shared a proper teaser. He wrote on his Instagram Stories: “Hey good people you won’t believe what I’ve found in my bottom drawer. Something you’ve been asking for for a very long time. Let’s just say… it’s time to really TCB. Heads up, it will be on my new TikTok in the next 24hrs. I invite you to be the first in the world to see it.” Upon heading to Baz’s brand new TikTok page, the director shared an Elvis movie trailer tease. The 59-year-old captioned the post: “Hey, it’s time to TCB! I’ll have a trailer to share with you all on Thursday…” The short tease begins with Austin Butler’s take on the star being approached by his manager Colonel Tom Parker at a carnival. We then see The King performing on stage in the 1950s as screaming girls reach out to him, before a clip of the recreation of his 1968 Comeback Special. The footage ended with Elvis in one of his iconic jumpsuits, performing at one of his Las Vegas residencies in the 1970s. If you listen closely, you can hear Butler putting on a convincing Southern drawl for Elvis’ voice. He says: “Just gotta be making the most of this thing while I can. It’s all gonna be over in a flash.” This quote reflects how during his short lifetime of just 42 years, The King was often worried about his career being over, only for the star to go on to become the best-selling solo music artist in history. The glitzy teaser ended with “See the full trailer Thursday”, just as Baz promised. DON'T MISSElvis movie: Tom Hanks total revelation as 'scoundrel' Colonel Parker [TOM HANKS]Elvis movie: Baz Luhrmann shares secret behind-the-scenes look WATCH [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis: Why he turned down the film that could have rebooted his career [ELVIS] Joining Butler and Hanks in the Warner Bros blockbuster is Olivia DeJonge as Priscilla Presley, the only woman Elvis ever married. The King’s parents Vernon and Gladys will be played by Richard Roxburgh and Helen Thomson. Shot in Baz’s native Australia, the production consulted Graceland for accuracy in recreating The King’s home as it will appear in the movie. Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.