The 48-year-old comedian, who usually presents the 1 O'Clock Views slot on Steph's Packed Lunch, suffered serious train delays on Monday. His train from London to Leeds was severely held up following Friday's storm which meant Baroness Sayeeda Warsi had to step into his shoes to deliver his comedy segment on the Channel 4 show. Marcus ended up abandoning his train journey to return back to the capital and praised Sayeeda for being "brilliant". Talking to host Steph McGovern via video link from his stationery train stuck in the middle of a field, Marcus said: “I’m in hour six and half of my journey to Leeds." Later in the show, with Marcus still sat on the train and nowhere near the northern studio, Sayeeda stepped in at short notice to deliver the news at 1pm. Marcus, who was watching the show from his phone, quipped: “My worse fear has come to pass - Sayeeda steps in and is absolutely brilliant.” He knew his train wouldn't arrive in Leeds by the end of the show so he headed back to London. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute  On his way back home, the comedian called to update the show's hosts and Channel 4 viewers on his whereabouts. Steph joked: “I hope you get home safely and we do eventually see you in the studio this year.” As Sayeeda hosted the news segment, Steph sang her praises while admitting the baroness was not told about the last-minute change before they were on air. Sayeeda addressed her social media followers following the show to say: "Loved channelling my inner Marcus today."   Marcus directly tweeted the politician to say she "was brilliant" at filling in for him. She jokingly replied: "Thank you. We should do a job swap! Think you’d make a great Tory Peer." The 50-year-old baroness also received praise from Channel 4 viewers who took to Twitter to comment on her presenting skills. Olly Oakes added: "@SayeedaWarsi I think you are ace on @PackedLunchC4, you are interesting and funny. Keep it up cause you are the only Tory I like!!"  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEO RY]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [INTERVIEW]'Very rude' BBC Breakfast star horrified by co-star's appearance jibe [MUST SEE] Christopher remarked: "Sayeeda can do stand up so can do the one o'clock views #stephspackedlunch." During the rest of the show, Steph and the team shared tributes following the news of the death of SBTV founder Jamal Edwards. Reflecting on her memories of meeting with Jamal, Steph said she knew Jamal quite well. She recalled: "I worked with him on a show called Pocket Money Pitch, which was like Dragons’ Den for kids.   "One of the parents from the show messaged me this morning saying [Jamal] kept in touch with the kids afterwards. One of the kids who had cerebral palsy got loads of support from him and was told never to feel different.” Sayeeda added: “He was a young man and he was inspiring other young people. What was fascinating about him was that he was an outsider. He was a disruptor. "He was basically saying if you feel that certain spaces are closed to you, it doesn't have to be like that. "There are alternative ways in which to break through. He took challenges and turned them into opportunities.” Steph’s Packed Lunch airs weekdays at 12.30pm on Channel 4 and All 4.