While the state pension rises every year, some people are not able to get the increase due to where they live. British pensioners living overseas often see their state pension frozen. The state pension is currently worth up to £179.60 for the full new state pension, and this will increase to £185.15 from April 2022. However, some Britons who have moved abroad in retirement will not receive this increase. As the cost of living rises over time, people who have a frozen state pension will lose money in real terms as their state pension becomes less valuable. The campaign group End Frozen Pensions estimates there are more than half a million pensioners impacted by a frozen state pension. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments due this winter - full list of eligible postcodes Many of the pensioners affected have said they were not aware their state pension would not increase once they moved abroad. One of the countries where the state pension is frozen is Canada, despite the fact that expats south of the border in the USA do receive an annual increase to their state pension. The Canadian politician Brad Vis recently raised the issue of frozen pensions in the Canadian House of Commons. He said: “Approximately 127,000 Canadians receive state pensions from the United Kingdom. DON'T MISSPIP explained: The full list of 19 conditions that may qualify for £608 a month from DWP [INSIGHT]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [GUIDE]State pensioners may see sum affected if they have a workplace or personal pension [WARNING] “While British expats living in some countries, notably, the United States, receive annual inflationary increases, the pensions of those residing in Canada are frozen. “My constituents are calling on the Government of Canada to ensure any future trade agreement between Canada and the UK includes a provision to unfreeze the pensions of British expats living in Canada.” End Frozen Pensions states a large number of people living in Australia are also affected. A petition from End Frozen Pensions which calls on the Government to end the practice of freezing the UK state pension overseas has garnered more than 18,000 signatures. Pensioners living in the following countries within the European Economic Area (EEA) will receive an increase to their state pension: There are other nations which the UK has a social security agreement with, which are outside of the EEA but also allow Britons residing there to receive a yearly state pension increase. These are: