The new issue will pay 1.30 percent gross/AER fixed-rate over a three-year term to all bond holders. When launched last year, the Green Savings Bond had a 0.65 percent gross/AER rate, fixed for three years. This latest issue of the Green Savings Bonds is readily available to be purchased on NS&I’s website as of yesterday. Any money invested by the public into this savings product will be used to pay for climate-friendly initiatives which are selected by the Government. Green Savings Bonds were specifically created to help finance the Government’s environmental spending projects. The ultimate goal of NS&I’s “green” product is “tackle climate change and help make the UK greener and more sustainable”, according to the financial institution. Examples of the projects which are funded by Green Savings Bonds include renewable energy over fossil fuels, preventing further pollution and adapting the country to climate change. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  For bond holders, the minimum investment someone can make into Green Savings Bonds is £100. The maximum limit someone can invest is £100,000 per person for each issue. Any future investors in any bonds from NS&I need to be aged 16 or over to purchase them. The amount deposited will be held for three years and cannot be withdrawn over this period of time. Following this latest announcement, the Government outlined why this latest issue is a crucial next step in its green agenda. John Glen, the economic secretary to the Treasury, explained: “The UK continues to be a world leader in green finance, and our innovative Green Savings Bonds give savers the opportunity to contribute towards projects which will secure a cleaner and more sustainable future for the UK. “I am pleased that savers across the UK will have the chance to invest in this second Issue of Green Savings Bonds at a new rate, one that reflects upward movement across the wider fixed term market.” All bond holders or those who want to become NS&I customers must have a UK bank account which is able to receive BACS payments. “Since we launched Green Savings Bonds in October 2021, average rates among fixed term products have increased, along with the bank base rate. “This new Issue means that savers can save at a new competitive rate whilst also supporting the UK’s green agenda in six key areas to help make our environment greener, cleaner and more sustainable. “Our savers also benefit from NS&I’s 100 percent security on all capital invested due to HM Treasury’s backing.” All bond holders or those who want to become NS&I customers must have a UK bank account which is able to receive BACS payments. The Green Savings Bonds’ fixed-rate is guaranteed for the whole term and interest is acquired daily, without deducting any tax at source. Interest is then added once a year on the investment's anniversary, and paid on maturity. As well as this, interest is taxable at maturity and will go towards the customer’s Personal Savings Allowance. This needs to be declared by the individual. NS&I customers who are anxious about how they could be affected can contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) or seek professional advice. However, Sarah Coles, a personal financial analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, believes the recent rate will not be enough for bonds to “flourish”. Ms Coles said: “Doubling the rate still leaves the bonds a long way short of the best on the market, but is likely to win over a good chunk of savers who want to do the right thing with their money, in an account 100 percent protected by the Treasury, and with a brand they know and trust, without taking a massive hit to their interest rate.”  Becky O’Connor, the head of pensions and savings at interactive investor, said "green means go for savers" at long las, pointing out the new rate is double what was offered at launch last year. She added: “NS&I says this is down to the rise in average rates on fixed term products, but it may also be down to the original rate not looking appealing enough to attract the masses. “While this rate is not top of the best-buys for three-year bonds, which are currently around 1.8 percent according to Moneyfacts, it is far more compelling for those wanting their money – up to £100,000 - to be put to productive use in the UK’s growing low carbon economy, at no risk. “Many people are interested in backing their sustainable values with their money and it now appears they can do so without too much financial sacrifice. “Savings rates are still clearly way below inflation and so losing money in real terms, but for those still keen to store some money in cash and do so in a green way, this rate is now at least competitive.”