This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby has told how a recent romantic meal with her husband Dan Baldwin ended in disaster. Appearing on the daytime ITV show today with co-host Phillip Schofield, Holly, 41, discussed her husband's "brave" attempt to cook dinner for them, which saw part of the mussel shell become lodged in one of her teeth. Speaking to Phil on today's show, the mother-of-three explained that she suffered a dental disaster after her husband's culinary attempts. At the start of the show, Phillip decided to tell viewers what his co-star had been confiding in him minutes before they went live on air. The silver-haired star said: "She just said thirty seconds ago... in fact, only ten seconds ago, 'I chipped my tooth on a mussel yesterday. "I said 'What, Dan's?'", which left co-host Holly giggling beside him on the sofa. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Clarifying the situation, Holly told how her husband-of-15-years thoughtfully cooked them a romantic meal. She said: "Dan cooked for me, very nicely. It was very nice. "It was sort of cod in a broth. "There were like mussels in it which is quite brave because you know what I'm like with mussels," she added to her colleague. However, the blonde-haired beauty revealed that the meal didn't go to plan as she ended up with a shell stuck in her tooth. Holly explained: "As I sort of fished them out and went to eat it, there was a tiny little bit of shell in there." "Luckily, I think it's the back of my tooth, so it's all alright." Phil was quick to quip: "Alright, I just thought for a minute he had been working out!" DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [INSIGHT]Strictly's Neil Jones reacts as ex-wife Katya brands him her 'husband' [ANALYSIS]'Should be up for debate' Fearne Cotton shuts down cancel culture [UPDATE] Shutting down any suggestion of anything else happening, Holly flatly said "No..." Holly and Dan married in 2007 and reside in London together with their family. The couple share two sons, Harry and Chester and daughter, Belle. At the end of last year, Holly said she and her husband were left questioning their decisions after a horror discovery at home. The TV star said she had always been a cat owner but gave in to getting a dog after pestering from her brood. Speaking on the Jonathan Ross Show, Holly began by saying Bailey is "the sweetest, sweetest thing" but admitted that she has not had the "pitch-perfect" experience she thought she would. Explaining that they had placed Bailey in a crate overnight, Holly branded her "good as gold", but added that it didn't last long. Upon going to her next morning Holly found her "covered in her own sh**", adding that it was "like something out of a horror movie".