Chris Evans, 55, has made a distinction after guests on his Virgin Radio show compared it to the BBC’s The One Show. It happened as the broadcaster discussed Hollywood actress Gwyneth Paltrow’s Smells Like My Vagina candle with his guests. The pair had recently appeared on The One Show reviewing the product. However, they explained they were not allowed to say the name of the product on live television so they believed the same rule applied for radio programmes. Chris then clarified that each broadcasting channel worked differently. “You’re the kind guy that might enjoy Gwyneth Paltrow’s…” one of the guests said before Chris finished the sentence: “vagina candles.” She exclaimed: “I wasn’t going to say the ‘v word’.” Chris asked: “Why not? This is Virgin Radio for Heavens’ sake! The second guest explained that when they appeared on the One Show last week they were not allowed to say the word. Chris chimed in: “And therein lies the difference!” Speaking about Gwyneth’s Smells Like My Vagina candle, Christ admitted: “But it’s a goop product, isn’t it? It’s a goop product.” Chris is known for his outspoken broadcasting style and has often shared his views on different subjects. Last week, the presenter outlined his thoughts on Oti Mabuse's sensational departure from Strictly Come Dancing. Oti last week announced she was leaving the hit BBC One contest after seven years. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him[NEWS]David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him'[LATEST] Speaking out on the fan-favourite professional dancer, Chris reflected on how the professional’s reputation changed over the years. He explained how the dancers had become celebrities in their own right after so many series of the popular BBC contest. Chris said: “There’s dancers now that are bigger stars than a lot of the celebrities that are invited to dance with them. And that has changed. And so we tune in, because [Oti] has this amazing, sort of stoic, concrete fanbase… “Because we’ve all got our favourite dancers and we don’t really mind who they get now.” The broadcaster continued: “And of course it’s the celebrity’s journey that’s the intrigue, isn’t it? “It’s how far they can get and how well they can do and how much they can grow and what they discover about themselves in that time, which is fantastic. “But the pillars of the temple now, the reason we all tuned in, you know, when it first started […], was because of the celebs. “And the dancers, but primarily the celebs were the box office, they opened the movie as it were. But now it’s the dancers, and the dancers realised it. It’s player power.”