Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops into Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine after recognising them as independent states. In a televised address, Putin signed a decree recognising there. Independence. The move has triggered sanctions from the West with the EU confirming it would impose further measures if Russia invaded Ukraine.  But co-founder of the Leave.EU Campaign, Arron Banks claimed the EU “started this mess”. The businessman said the EU “stoked the fire burning in Eastern Ukraine on the Russia borders by pushing for membership and NATO expansion”. Taking to Twitter he said: “Ukraine border is 300 miles from Moscow, I’m guessing if Russian troops were based in Virginia the US wouldn’t stand for it. The EU encouraged Ukrainian membership and expansion NATO to the Russian border. The EU started this mess and let’s hope common sense prevails.”  He used a map to back up his claim, entitled “languages spoken at home in Ukraine” according to 2009 polling.” The map showed that the majority of Ukrainian speak Ukrainian but the eastern part mainly speaks Russian. Political commentator Adam Schwarz responded to the tweet saying: “I was going to disagree with you, but now see that you’ve based your research on a Wikipedia article so you must be an expert on the subject”. The EU has now signed off on the bloc’s package of sanctions against Russia that will take effect from Wednesday.  READ MORE: Corbyn and his allies demand UK leave Ukraine HELPLESS to Putin attack The measures include blacklisting more politicians and banning trade between the EU and two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine.There are 351 members of the Russian Duma who will be targeted and 27 individuals and entities "who are playing a role in undermining or threatening Ukrainian territorial integrity, sovereignty, and independence."EU leaders will also hold a special summit in Brussels to discuss the bloc’s response to Moscow. Head of the EU Council grouping the bloc's member states, Charles Michel said: "It is important that we continue to be united and determined and jointly define our collective approach and actions."  On Tuesday Joe Biden said the invasion had begun before sending an “unmistakable message” that the US will “defend every inch of NATO territory”. The US President said: "This is the beginning of a Russian invasion of Ukraine. "Russia has now undeniably moved against Ukraine by declaring these independent states."  DON'T MISSHorror map shows EXACT locations in UK to be decimated if Russia drops nuke on LondonPutin health fears: 'Lonely' President could be 'seriously ill and treated with steroids'Laura Kuenssberg exposes fears of BBC clampdown by Putin if Boris bans Russia Today  German Chancellor Olaf Schloz said Germany and the European Union are in a position to decide on further sanctions against Russia in the event of a complete Russian invasion Responding to Russia’s recognition of the two breakaway regions of Luhansk and Donetsk, Shloz said: “We cannot accept this”. He added: “If everyone in Europe starts leafing through history books where borders used to be, then we have a very unsettling time ahead of us. Around 190,000 Russian troops are believed to be along the Ukrainian border.  President Biden went on to announce the first wave of sanctions against Russia targetting banks and sovereign debt, vowing steeper punishments ahead if Russia continues aggression. Around 190,000 Russian troops are thought to be along the Ukrainian border. On Tuesday US President Joe Biden said the invasion of Ukraine had begun adding: that the US will continue to provide "defensive assistance" to Ukraine including the “additional movements of US forces and equipment already stationed in Europe to strengthen our Baltic allies - Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. He added: "Let me be clear, these are totally defensive moves on our part. We have no intention of fighting Russia.” 