Tottenham are closely monitoring the situation evolving around AS Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo in the transfer window. Jose Mourinho had considered the winger as untouchable but that status has since changed. Roma boss Mourinho has performed a transfer U-turn over Zaniolo that could see his former club Tottenham take advantage. The Italian has been one of the top talents in Serie A over the past few years though he has had horrendous luck with injuries. The 22-year-old missed the entire of last season after suffering a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament at a time when he was hitting his stride. And while this year his stats have looked in decline, the winger has been concentrating on rebuilding his fitness and remains a highly-rated starlet. There has been plenty of interest in his services, particularly overseas where Tottenham have been strongly linked. According to Il Romanista, via Sport Witness, Zaniolo is one of a group of players who will have to have their contract sorted out sooner rather than later. Despite the youngster having a deal that does not expire until 2024, there is a feeling that he could ask for better terms soon. Mourinho had counted the former Inter Milan ace as one of his untouchable players and that there was no chance that he could leave. However, that status has now changed and if Roma receive a heavy offer, they could consider selling one of their prized assets. The report goes on to state that Tottenham are one of the clubs closely monitoring the situation, as well as Juventus. Antonio Conte has close links to Serie A, still, through Spurs transfer chief Fabio Paratici. The two worked together at Juve and have an extensive list of contacts throughout Italy, which has already worked well with the signings of Dejan Kuvulevski and Rodrigo Bentancur. Zaniolo has already been tipped to leave Roma by the club’s chief Tiago Pinto, who gave him no assurance that he would be at the Stadio Olimpico next season. He said in February: “I am not afraid of the future, we are doing a job to become stronger also from an economic point of view. “I cannot guarantee, neither I nor anyone else, that Zaniolo will stay next year.”