It’s been a long wait for both guests and staff, and this short around-Britain seacation – calling at Glasgow (Greenock) and Belfast – is just what the doctor ordered for those sick of being kept prisoner by the pandemic. The first sight to greet us is the sumptuous piazza-style Atrium, Sky’s stylish sparkling centrepiece. Sky Princess was delivered just two years ago and limited use since means it’s practically brand new. Fabulous fittings, quality lighting and creative design combine to give the Atrium its genuine wow factor, something reflected throughout the ship, which is stunning. Sipping a chilled glass of champers on a glorious sun-soaked afternoon we slip out of Southampton as our captain, star of ITV’s The Cruise, Michele Tuvo, gets the party started up on Lido deck. Covid keeps a number of restrictions in place, but donning a mask in public places until seated is a small price to pay for peace of mind. The crew ensured everything was sanitised and spotless throughout. On a stroll around Sky deck I meet a couple with beaming smiles toasting the launch. “It’s a no-brainer,” these cruise virgins told me when I ask why they would take a UK-based trip in late September. “We looked at cottages in Cornwall and in the Cotswolds – they’re asking two grand a week... that’s without food. We like to eat out on holiday, take in a show and pamper ourselves. We can do all that here and it’s all included for a lot less.” Indeed it is, with more than half-a-dozen restaurants and food bars ranging from Alfredo’s Pizzeria to Cielo’s full dinner service you can have everything from steak to sushi. Or for a few pounds extra you can really push the boat out at the superb Sabatini’s trattoria, or equally impressive Crown Grill premium seafood and chop house. Sky Princess also has swimming pools, games rooms, a casino, shops and even an art gallery. By the time we dock at Greenock we have been fine-wined and dined, and taken in a barnstorming rock opera in the fantastic 900-seat Princess Theatre – a selection of scintillating show tunes delivered with aplomb by professional singers amid a dazzling light show even the West End would struggle to match. Replete, we retire to our fabulously appointed spacious mini-suite, complete with bathtub, lounge, two TVs and balcony. A 40-minute coach ride sees us in Glasgow centre. Easy to navigate, we soon end up strolling along its most famous thoroughfare, Sauchiehall Street, where there’s plenty of shopping to be had and where it’s well worth taking in The Willow Tea Rooms, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh in 1903, and the site of the former Beresford Hotel, which still retains its stylish Art Deco facade despite now being flats. Moving from the present to the past, we visit Scotland’s oldest mainland cathedral and the nearby Necropolis, a fascinating Victorian cemetery featuring hundreds of imposing monuments. The tomb of the city’s patron saint, Mungo, lies in the cathedral’s Lower Choir. We’re back on board just in time for a couple of early evening cocktails before setting sail for Belfast. The following morning we head for Giant’s Causeway, an awe-inspiring natural wonder of the world that meets all expectations and is a bucket-list destination for me. En route we take in the Carrick-a-Rede rope bridge, the famous Bushmills Distillery and Carrickfergus Castle. But to the main event – approximately 40,000 spectacular hexagonal basalt columns were formed 60 million years ago following volcanic eruptions which sent basalt through chalk beds to form a lava lake. Huge fissures spread across the plateau as the lava cooled forming the ruggedly symmetrical stepping stones. Breathtaking. Back on Sky Princess – which returns to Southampton in March ahead of a summer season of round-trip cruises to the Norwegian Fjords, Baltic, Mediterranean, France, the Canaries and Iberian Peninsula – we are spoiled rotten on the penultimate day with the Ultimate Balcony Breakfast, a feast of delights including Champagne, freshly-baked croissants and smoked salmon. After a thoroughly pleasant evening being taught all there is to know about cocktails, apart from drinking them – I’m fairly adept at that – the captain takes a slight detour on the way back to Southampton. Forecasts had predicted some glorious sunshine off the coast of France, he told us. Sunshine makes people smile, he said. The forecasts were right and so was Captain Tuvo.