Ex-Tottenham Hotspur head coach Tim Sherwood has slammed Antonio Conte's comments after Wednesday's 1-0 defeat at relegation-battlers Burnley. Tottenham failed to build on the momentum gained from last week's 3-2 win at Premier League leaders Manchester City at Turf Moor. Conte's side rarely looked like scoring against the resurgent hosts, who have now won their last two league games against top-half opposition by an aggregate score of 4-0. But things now couldn't be more sour for Spurs, who have lost significant ground in the top-four battle in recent weeks. Conte has watched his players suffer four defeats in their last five league outings against Chelsea, Southampton, Wolves and the Clarets. And after full-time, he admitted he "needs to talk to the club" because he "can't accept to keep losing." Sherwood has claimed Conte's post-match comments weren't "a good look," as they made it sound like he was considering leaving his post amid a torrid run of results. JUST IN: Liverpool and Man City warned about the one team who may trip them up He told Premier League Productions: "It doesn't look good. It's not a good look. It's almost like he's resigning; it sounded like that. He wants to have discussions with Daniel Levy and the board. "It's not good enough to lose four out of five games. The game they won was against the team that no one could beat, and it was a fantastic performance, but it's about consistency. "We laugh about it. Can you go to Burnley on a cold Wednesday night, roll your sleeves up, and dig it out? Top teams do. They never looked like they were going to win tonight. That interview there was alarming for me. "I think he gets super emotional, we know that, whether he wins on a super high or he takes defeats very hard. I've been there. But that was not a good look for me." READ MORE: Arsenal's 'first steps' towards signing player Spurs boss Conte loves And Sherwood has suggested Conte needs to balance his rollercoaster emotions whenever Spurs get a good result or a bad one if he's to win anything before his 18-month contract expires. He continued: "Last week, he did the interview in Italy and said he got misquoted. He said the players who left the club, he lost four, made them weaker. He wasn't playing those players. "What I know of Daniel Levy, he never, ever forces any manager at that football club to sell players. If they want to keep them, he's happy to keep them. "Perhaps he never got the players he wanted to bring in in the window. But he was happy with them on Saturday after a fantastic result at Man City. "You get a poor result, and I think his emotions are just too low. He needs to keep it on a level keel. He's a very good manager, [a] proven winner. It's hard to demand when you've only got one more year left at the end of the season. "He only wanted to sign an 18-month contract, and he doesn't stay anywhere too long. If he's going to win, how's he going to win next season?" Sherwood also claims Spurs are "miles away" from achieving what Conte arrived at the club to do, "win the Premier League." But he believes the Italian shouldn't have returned to London if that was his ambition, saying while he can complain about not competing with "Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City," he has "no excuses" for recent defeats to Burnley, Southampton and Wolves. Sherwood finally once again called on Conte to show 'consistency' ahead of the club's trip to relegation-threatened Leeds United on Saturday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.