It is vital that people have access to all the information they need surrounding their state pension to inform decisions on their retirement. Britons can use an online service to find out crucial information about their state pension. The Government provides an online service which allows people to learn more about their state pension, known as the ‘Check your state pension forecast’. It is completely free to use and can be accessed via the Gov.uk website. Only people who have not yet begun claiming their state pension entitlement can use the service. Furthermore, people who have reached state pension age but have deferred receiving their state pension cannot use the tool. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den reject now making millions as cast notes they have 'a sense of regret' One of the most important pieces of information someone can find out about their state pension is how much they will get. The online tool can provide a forecast of the amount of state pension an individual will receive. However, Britons should be aware that the forecast is only an estimate, and may not be completely accurate. DON'T MISSDWP pension benefit could give pensioners weekly boost up to £177 - are you eligible? [ALERT]Inheritance tax warning: Britons to face ‘burden’ as Rishi Sunak’s ‘coffers are brimming’ [WARNING]PIP explained: The full list of 19 conditions that may qualify for £608 a month from DWP [INSIGHT] Part of the reason for this is that the forecast does not take account of any potential future increases in the state pension. The new full state pension is currently worth £179.60 per week, or £9,339.20 a year. This will increase to £185.15 a week from April 2022. The state pension increases every year under the terms of the triple lock policy. Some people may be able to increase the amount of state pension they are entitled to, if they are not already able to get the full amount. Britons may need 35 years of National Insurance contributions on their record to get the full new state pension - although some may get a different amount due to being contracted out. The forecast service can help to show people if their National Insurance record is sufficient to give them access to the full state pension, and if not, how to improve their entitlement. This may be done by claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits or by paying voluntary contributions. The tool can also tell someone when they will get their state pension. State pension age in the UK is currently set at 66, but this is set to rise to 67 no later than 2028. It will then increase again to 68 by 2046.