James Armstrong, CEO at Veygo said borrowing a car for a short trip “might not seem like it could do much harm”. Many drivers believe they are covered in other vehicles if they have fully comprehensive car insurance cover. However, many policies no longer include a ‘Driving Other Cars’ (DOC) feature meaning motorists may be unknowingly not covered. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Armstrong said: “It’s really worrying to see such high numbers of people driving without valid insurance. “We can only assume that some people have forgotten to reinsure after not using their cars as much during the pandemic, or perhaps cannot afford to pay for full cover at a time when the cost of living is going through the roof. “Borrowing someone’s car when uninsured for just a short trip might not seem like it could do much harm. READ MORE: Car insurance increase will put ‘financial pressure’ on households “But it’s never worth the risk – especially when you can get temporary insurance cover for as little as one hour.” Confused.com has warned drivers must make sure they have DOC cover before they drive. They warn motorists could get between six and eight points on a driving licence without the correct type of insurance. If a driver is penalised within their first two years of driving, it will be enough for motorists to lose their licence straight away. DON'T MISSDrivers may be unable to apply for car insurance after mistake [INSIGHT]Almost 14 million UK drivers risk £300 fine for 'costly mistake' [ANALYSIS]Car insurance prices could rise as a result of Highway Code changes [COMMENT] Car insurance provider Admiral said there is often a “lot of misunderstanding” around the rules about driving other vehicles. They added some insurers “don’t offer DOC cover on all policies” and drivers will have to meet several factors to secure this type of cover. They said: “There’s a lot of misunderstanding around the rules for ‘driving other cars’, while someone may think they’re automatically covered to drive someone else’s car on their own car insurance policy, it might not be that straightforward. "Admiral, like most insurers doesn’t offer Driving Other Cars (DOC) cover on all policies. "So our main advice would always be to check your policy documents before assuming you can legally drive another car. "There are several factors we consider before we offer DOC cover, including your age and occupation and the class of use of the vehicle. "If you are covered to drive other cars, then be aware it will not be with the same fully comprehensive cover you have on your own car. “Most insurers will only cover you to drive other cars with third-party only cover. “So, if someone wants to borrow your car and they don’t have DOC cover, they will either need to be added to your policy or take out temporary insurance. “Remember, DOC is meant to be used in emergency situations and isn’t a substitute for car insurance.”