Former Paris Saint-Germain winger Jerome Rothen has described Lionel Messi as a 'burden' on the club amid a lacklustre debut season in France. Messi's sensational free transfer from Barcelona last summer hasn't gone entirely according to the script so far. Messi recorded his latest disappointing display in PSG's late 1-0 win over Real Madrid in the Champions League last Tuesday. The 34-year-old missed a penalty at the Parc des Princes but was bailed out by Kylian Mbappe's brilliance in the 94th minute. He has scored just two goals in 15 Ligue 1 games, and cameras picked up PSG midfielder Danilo Pereira visibly frustrated with his lack of effort to backtrack after losing the ball during the tight affair. It was potentially a sign of widespread annoyance that Messi doesn't pull his weight whilst the Parisiens are defending, which could cost them in the latter stages of the Champions League. JUST IN: Man Utd star Fernandes responds after Scholes calls him 'too soft' Messi, Neymar and Mbappe came under fire in both of PSG's group-stage games against Manchester City as Mauricio Pochettino's defence was often overrun. And Rothen has aimed criticism at Messi for his general form since arriving in France, labelling the transfer a 'bad idea'. He said: "He is a burden for the club. His first months have not been good, and the relationship between Lionel Messi and PSG has been far from a success. This transfer was a bad idea. "He is the best player, perhaps, of all generations that football has known. Still, I'm sick of hearing people say you can't criticise Messi. READ MORE: Brighton stars involved in furious tunnel row which damaged wall "If you don't win the match, you have a huge frustration because Messi misses the penalty [vs Real Madrid]. "A player like Messi, with the status he has, it is tragic for him to miss a penalty. That's the reality, even if it can happen to anyone. "But him, compared to what he has been bringing to PSG for seven months, he has no right to complain." Despite his domestic woes, Messi has characteristically shone in Europe under Pochettino, scoring five goals in six Champions League games this season. And the Argentine icon will likely prove crucial if PSG are to make history this season and lift their inaugural title. But all doesn't currently seem to be positive, and he still has plenty to prove at the club to fans and former players alike. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.