Here's another random fallacy that has always irritated the heck out of me. I was born in Romford. Whenever Romford is in the headlines for some reason, it is routinely described as being in East London. It's not. It's a historic Essex market town. Never been part of London; never will be; doesn't want to be. It's Romford, Essex. Got it? Good. Then there's the much-derided Essex accent. Again, it's usually confused with the totally different (and now largely extinct) Cockney lilt. You'd have to have a tin ear to do that. It's a bit like people who can't differentiate between a Manchester intonation and a Leeds one. Yes, of course they both have an unmistakable northern flavour but there are numerous differences, large and small. It's the same with Essex versus Cockney. Subtle but clear dissimilarities. If you listen carefully, an Essex accent has a definite hint of the rural about it. There's an underlying countryside burr you simply don't get with someone born within the sound of Bow Bells. And that's not surprising - even in Romford, you're never far from a farm. Today, ploughed fields and pasture still poke their way into and alongside Romford's Thirties-built suburban streets. When I was a boy, Romford Market still sold live sheep. You can see this enduring link with the countryside if you take the train from Romford to Brentwood. After a mile or so, open fields stretch away from both sides. Romford, East London? Please. OK, enough about my home town (and that's something else, by the way - it's a town in its own right, not some amorphous suburb of the Great Wen). Head north-east into deeper Essex and you're spoilt for choice. Saffron Walden is a beautiful little market town, stiff with halftimbered buildings and quaint alleyways. My mother was Canadian and whenever her relatives were over on a visit, we would always make a point of taking them for lunch in Saffron Walden. They would practically faint with pleasure at the sight of a classic English country town. Chocolate-box stuff. Then there are the villages. Take your pick of a beautiful bunch. I think my favourite is Castle Hedingham. It has the prettiest of cottages and, as its name suggests, there's a castle there - that's why the village grew up, nestling beneath the protection of its walls. Hedingham Castle is a corker; it's generally agreed to boast the best-preserved Norman keep anywhere in England. It's been standing for almost nine hundred years. Full disclosure: another reason I have a soft spot for the place is because it's where I first kissed a girl, at a folk music evening in the village youth hostel. Fifty years ago now. Ah, my lost youth... Essex has so much to be proud of. Did you know its coastline is over 350 miles long (only Cornwall's is longer) with all the creeks and inlets and, yes, beaches? OK, Southend does cheat a bit and uses trucked-in sand, or at least it used to when I regularly cycled there as a teenager. Southend Pier is the longest on the planet at 1.34 miles. Five US presidents could trace their ancestry back to Essex including George Washington and the Bushes. It's even believed that most of the crew who sailed the Mayflower across the Atlantic to America were men of Essex. Manningtree is the smallest town in England and Colchester the oldest. There are Roman walls there believed to be 2,000 years old. It used to be capital of England. Honestly, I could fill pages with this stuff. But let me end with the most important part of all. The people of Essex themselves. They are the friendliest, wittiest, kindest, and most self-deprecating bunch of people you could ever hope to meet. Sharp and well-informed, too. Cross words with an Essex-er and you'll need all of your wits about you. I loved growing up in Essex and I love going back there. The only feature it can't offer is a mountain (though it does have one of the biggest forests in England - the ancient woodland fastness of Epping). But knowing the people of Essex's ingenuity and can-do spirit, I reckon they could knock you up a quick mountain if they felt like it. In fact that's not a bad idea; it could include a ski slope or two. But where to put it? Of course. Mountnessing.