Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes was left visibly confused after manager Ralf Rangnick was asked a peculiar question about the club's current Champions League campaign. The Red Devils have plenty of plates to spin between now and the end of the season, with their European bid sitting alongside a top-four hunt and planning for the future on Rangnick's long list of priorities. United's Premier League top-four bid was boosted by a 4-2 victory at Elland Road on Sunday, which was played out amid a hostile atmosphere. Two quickfire Leeds goals looked to have jeopardised the three points for Rangnick's side, but Fred and Anthony Elanga were on hand to rubber-stamp the win late on. Even so, fourth place is far from assured with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham closing in, both with three games in hand. Qualification for next season's Champions League could have huge implications in terms of their ability to recruit players in the summer and keep hold of stars like Cristiano Ronaldo and Paul Pogba. JUST IN: Antonio Conte names Tottenham star who 'has to play' vs Burnley 'even if he has one leg' But Rangnick and Fernandes were left unimpressed when asked whether their midweek Champions League obligations against Atletico Madrid would distract from their race for fourth. As the question took shape, the Portuguese raised his eyebrows before cracking a smile as Rangnick issued a crystal clear response. "The Champions League can never be a distraction," he said. "That's why the team qualified, and are desperate to qualify for this season's Champions League. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS) "If we want to qualify for the Champions League next season, then how can it be a distraction once you are in the knockout stages? "This is why we are playing here and why we're all here working for this club - we want to play Champions League, and tomorrow we play one of the best teams in Europe." Rangnick could make several changes when United turn out at the Wanda Metropolitano on Wednesday evening, as Edinson Cavani continues to sit out injured. Anthony Elanga and Raphael Varane both started on the bench against Leeds, and are broadly expected to come back into the fold in Spain. Having seemingly concurred with Rangnick on the importance of Wednesday's match, Fernandes is also a virtual certainty to play in an advanced midfield role. After winning La Liga last season, Atletico have seen standards slip this time around having already conceded nine more goals this term than they did in the whole of 2020/21. Their form continues to be patchy too, having won three and lost four of their past seven games. They still managed to pip Porto and AC Milan in the Champions League group stages though, despite losing to United's bitter rivals, Liverpool, both home and away.