In an assessment of the UK’s financial system, the organisation found that there was a “tension” over the role of the Bank of England in competitiveness. The warning comes as the Government seeks to use post-Brexit powers to deregulate the UK’s financial markets to make them more appealing to foreign investors. At the end of January, Boris Johnson announced a new ‘Brexit Freedoms’ bill would be brought forward by the Government, to mark the two-year anniversary of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU. The Government said that included in the bill would be cuts to £1billion in red tape and “ease regulatory burdens”. At the time, the Prime Minister said: “Getting Brexit Done two years ago today was a truly historic moment and the start of an exciting new chapter for our country. “We have made huge strides since then to capitalise on our newfound freedoms and restore the UK’s status as a sovereign, independent country that can determine its own future. READ MORE: Brexit-freedoms finally unleashed! EU red tape torn up -rules ditched “The plans we have set out today will further unleash the benefits of Brexit and ensure that businesses can spend more of their money investing, innovating and creating jobs.” Last year, Chancellor Rishi Sunak voiced his ambition to deregulate the financial sector in order to boost investment. He said: “We are going on all of those things to deliver the reforms that the industry can now benefit from post-Brexit and make sure this remains the most competitive place in the world for financial services.” However, the IMF warned in its report that the UK must not stray too far from its commitment to high standards of prudence and good governance. It added: “Similarly, while maintaining a competitive financial sector is an important policy goal, financial stability should not be compromised for the objectives of competitiveness.” The IMF recommended that the Bank of England’s financial policy committee should strengthen its focus on global financial standards. It also said in its report that was a “tension” over the Treasury’s plan to give the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority a formal objective to aid competitiveness. DON'T MISS Map shows areas in Britain to be decimated if Russia nukes London [REVEAL] Putin's forces in disarray as officers go AWOL [INSIGHT] Starmer mortified at Boris' brutal dig at Labour's Communist funding [REPORT] The financial sector has welcomed the competitiveness objective, which the Treasury has said will not lower standards. However, a senior Bank of England official said it must not create “booms and busts” in the sector. This pressure comes as the Bank of England is looked to in order to ease the cost of living crisis that has arisen out of the coronavirus pandemic. The IMF report went further, suggesting that Britain maintain its commitment to mutual cooperation with the EU on regulatory matters. The UK-EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement includes a “binding enforcement and dispute settlement mechanisms will ensure that rights of businesses, consumers and individuals are respected,” according to the EU. It continued: “This means that businesses in the EU and the UK compete on a level playing field and will avoid either party using its regulatory autonomy to grant unfair subsidies or distort competition.” However, the EU has delayed approval of a new UK-EU discussion forum for financial regulators. Despite its several reservations, the IMF concluded that the UK operates a well-functioning financial stability framework. It added that the UK had resilient banks and insurers and was currently well aligned with global standards.