Inflation in the UK has continued to rise, reaching its highest rate for three decades in January as the cost of living crisis worsens. The Office for National Statistics said the consumer prices index (CPI) measure of inflation increased for the 13th consecutive month to 5.5 percent, driven by prices for clothing, footwear and furniture. With inflation predicted to hit more than 7 percent in April, the latest increase is expected to heap further pressure on the Government while putting the spotlight on the Bank of England to raise interest rates again. The news also comes as another blow to those reliant on the state pension. Because Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak announced last year that the triple lock will be suspended for the next financial year, the state pension is set to increase by 3.1 percent, in line with September's inflation figure. However, as prices are expected to jump 7 percent later this year, those on the state pension will endure a real-terms cut to their income. Speaking to the i newspaper last month, various experts warned this could have a huge impact on pensioners in 2022. Dennis Reed, director of campaign group Silver Voices, warned that the 3.1 percent increase “will fall lamentably short of the likely inflation rate at that time”. He said: “Millions of older people are at their wits’ ends trying to make their pensions stretch for weekly essentials. Food costs are rising sharply, and everyone is dreading the next bill from the energy company. "The Government must admit that it made a cruel mistake in suspending the triple lock so hastily, and step in now with an emergency payment to bump up pensions. “Continuing to dither in the face of the worst cost-of-living crisis in decades will condemn millions of pensioners to a cold, hungry and miserable winter.” Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, added: “Making ends meet is already incredibly tough if you are living on a low fixed income and today’s news about the rise in inflation will be extremely worrying for the two million pensioners living in poverty, and for the many more who are only just above the line.” Morgan Vine, head of policy at Independent Age, said: “People over 65 have shared with us that they are anxious about how they will cope during the cold winter months. READ MORE: 'Why is money deducted from my state pension?' New guide explains "Will they be able to heat their homes, or will they have to make tough choices between staying warm and eating a decent meal?” Despite widespread concern in the UK, Mr Sunak defended the Government's approach to pensions, saying he was "proud" that the double lock policy has "protected" pensioners. Conservative MP Derek Thomas addressed Parliament and said: “I’ve met a number of pensioners in my constituency who are on the state pension but also worked hard and saved for a private pension. “Not a huge pension but a pension that helps them meet the cost of living as it came by. DON'T MISSState pension age ‘to soar past 70 as axe falls on triple lock’ [INSIGHT]Pensioners can boost their income weekly but over a million miss out [ANALYSIS]Britons left facing longer wait for free bus pass due to state pension [INSIGHT] “Unfortunately, years of low interest rates, and now the rising cost of energy, food and other things really made them begin to worry, and they are concerned about the year ahead.” Mr Sunak responded: "My Honourable friend is right to highlight pensioners and their needs. “I’m proud of this Government's track record in supporting them. “I can provide him with the reassurance that we continue to look at the best way to provide support for all those that need it as we have done over the last year or two and in the meantime he will be reassured to know that we have protected pensioners this coming year with the double lock and of course the Winter Fuel Payment providing up to £300.”