Prime Minister Boris Johnson informed the British public yesterday that free Covid testing will end from April 1. From that date forward, Britons will have to pay for boxes of lateral flow tests to check whether they have the virus. Boots announced today, February 22, that it will be selling lateral flow tests in its UK branches. Boxes of the tests will also be available to buy online. The pharmacy will sell the tests for £2.50 in store, while delivery will cost £5.99 per test. In its announcement, Boots said: “From tomorrow, customers can purchase a pack of four lateral flow tests for £17, or one test for £5.99, from boots.com, with both options including delivery. READ MORE: Princess Charlene altered her wedding reception tiara - here's how “This test will offer customers an option to send their results to the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) to report a negative test, should customers need it.” The retailer said it will offer lateral flow tests in over 400 stores at £2.50 per test, or £12 for a pack of five. Online, the tests will be available for £4.75 for two tests and £9.50 for four tests. These tests will be available from “early March”, according to Boots. DON'T MISS: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group [PICTURES]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE]Flight secrets: Cabin crew shares ways to get free first class upgrade [INSIDER] Asif Aziz, director of healthcare services at Boots UK, said: “We are pleased to be expanding our Covid testing services even further, with affordable lateral flow testing options for those who still want peace of mind from asymptomatic testing after April 1. “While it is great that we are returning to normal and finding a way to live with Covid, we encourage our customers and patients to stay safe and continue to take measures to limit the spread of the virus, especially to those in vulnerable groups.” Britons have been having difficulties finding and receiving lateral flow tests in recent days and weeks. Today, delivery slots for rapid lateral flow tests ran out. A message on the Government testing portal states: “Sorry, there are no home delivery slots left for rapid lateral flow tests right now.” As well as an end to free Covid tests, Mr Johnson announced yesterday that he will end all Covid restrictions in England. These include mandatory self-isolation for people with Covid, which is set to end from Thursday, February 24. The Prime Minster told parliament: “Restrictions pose a heavy toll on our economy, our society, our mental wellbeing and on the life chances of our children, and we do not need to pay that cost any longer. “So let us learn to live with this virus and continue protecting ourselves and others without restricting our freedoms.” However, the devolved governments of Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland have their own Covid restrictions. Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted yesterday: “To allow significant dismantling of the testing infrastructure built up in last two years would be inexcusable negligence given ongoing risks.” In his announcement, Mr Johnson added: “It is only because we know Omicron is less severe, that testing for Omicron on the colossal scale we have been doing is much less important and much less valuable in preventing serious illness, “This came at a vast cost...We must now scale this back.”