Now a new study, published over the weekend, has found that a condition common in children can increase their risk of the condition. Pediculosis capitis, also known as lice or nits, are parasites that live in young children or their parent’s hair. The study, conducted in Al-Ahsa in Saudi Arabia, has found a link between lice and iron deficiency anaemia. They concluded: “Pediculosis capitis [lice] is a hematophagic organism that causes minimal blood loss, but a chronic infestation can be associated with a significant blood loss and presented with iron deficiency anaemia.” READ MORE: Ant McPartlin health: Star said his diagnosis 'made sense' Authors of the study said: “This should alert the physician to correlate the relationship between chronic infestation and hematophagic organisms as a possible cause of iron deficiency anaemia.” Traditionally, once iron deficiency anaemia has been diagnosed, treatment will normally vary depending on what the cause is. If the blood test used to diagnose the deficiency finds an individual’s red blood cell count is low, iron tablets will be prescribed by the GP in order to return iron levels to normal. These tablets will be stronger than those available in most pharmacies and supermarkets and the NHS says they will need to be taken for at least six months.  Some side effects can occur as a result of taking iron tablets such as constipation, diarrhoea, abdominal pain, heartburn, feeling sick, and black faeces. Alternatively, or at the same as consuming iron tablets, it is recommended to consume more foods that contain high levels of iron. Foods such as leafy green veg, cereals with extra iron, meat, dried fruit, and green beans, are useful for this purpose. It is also recommended that tea, coffee, dairy products, and foods with high levels of phytic acid are reduced in consumption as these can make it harder for the body to absorb iron. Meanwhile, an infestation of head lice is treated in a much different way. Wet combing, medication lotions and sprays are all methods of removing head lice and stopping the infestation, even if there is nothing a person can do to prevent it. Recently head lice medications were under the microscope as there was a rumour circulating that a drug used to treat the condition, Ivermectin, could be used to stop COVID-19 patients from becoming seriously ill. Scientists from Malaysia have now found that this is false. During the pandemic ivermectin was heralded as a potential remedy for COVID-19. However, this has now proven to be false according to the results of the study which found those taking ivermectin experienced side effects as a result of taking the drug. Doctor Steven Lim, lead researcher on the project, said in a statement: “The public should understand that the highly touted safety profile of ivermectin is related to its use as an anti-parasitic drug. The use of ivermectin as an anti-viral in COVID-19 is a totally different ball game.” For more information, both on head lice and COVID-19, contact the NHS or consult with your GP.