Novak Djokovic is raring to kickstart his 2022 season in Dubai this afternoon (Mon) and finally put his Australian nightmare to bed. Djokovic has not played a competitive tennis match since his Davis Cup win over Marin Cilic on December 3.  The 20-time Grand Slam winner was aiming to defend his Australian Open title last month until he was kicked out of the country when his visa was cancelled. Djokovic says he needed almost two weeks rest to get over the trip but he is now ready to fire on all cylinders against wildcard Lorenzo Musetti in round one of the Dubai Tennis Championships. "[It took] probably about 10 days after I got home [to recover]," Djokovic said. "I did a bit of cardio every day, but I've been playing tennis for two or three weeks now, enjoying every bit of it on the court. "I love this sport and I love hitting with the racket. It hasn't been difficult for me to grab a racket and train because I have a passion for this sport and I value every minute I spend on the court working and improving. "Knowing that I was coming to Dubai, I had a goal in mind and it was easier for me to work. After Australia, I had a lot on my mind and needed some time to rest." He continued: "It's great to be here. I have already had great results in the past in this tournament. I have great memories on this track. Dubai is one of the places where most tennis players come to play or train, both men and women.   "It has always been an attractive site for the top. I think this week there are four Top 10s in the men's draw. "It will be a tough picture. Every match will almost be Grand Slam or Masters 1000 level. It's an ATP 500 level tournament, but it feels much harder. I haven't played since December, so I really want to play now." Djokovic was given a frosty reception by his peers in Australia when he was allowed out to practice during his legal battle, which is a stark contrast to his welcoming in the Middle East. "Most of the players that I have met, all of them have received me well, warmly," the 34-year-old explained. "I can't say the same thing happened in Australia. It was all a bit weird there."   Djokovic is unsure what his calendar will look like after the Dubai Tennis Championships but he is desperate to play at whichever events he can - including Wimbledon. "Whatever tournament I can play, I will try to get into the country and play," he said. "I do not pretend to make a complete calendar. You know that I have always tried to be at my best in the Grand Slams or some of the Masters 1000. "Those tournaments are my biggest motivations. Now the situation has changed. I really can't choose. It's basically playing wherever you can go."   Djokovic has been given the prime evening slot for his showdown with 19-year-old Musetti. The pair are due on court at around 4.30pm (GMT), following the conclusion of Andy Murray's clash with Australian qualifier Christopher O'Connell. Musetti took Djokovic to five sets in their French Open last-16 tie last year so the world No 1 is wary of his opponent. "I have a very talented young rival like Musetti, who won a great match a couple of weeks ago against Hurkacz in Rotterdam," he said. "We already played five sets at Roland Garros last year. I think he likes tracks with high bounces better. "I think this track is very fast. I think it's the year I come where the courts are faster. They have always been fast, but this year the players I have met have said the same. I'll go day by day and see how far he can go." 