Shocking footage has captured the moment a lone Ukrainian stepped out in front of a massive convoy of Russian troops in a brave attempt to pause their assault on Kyiv. The footage emerged a day after Russia launched a sudden and brutal invasion of Ukraine. In the video, a man can be seen standing in front of an armoured car as a line of vehicles makes their way down a road. He appears to be attempting to halt the progress of the Russian convoy. From the footage, it appears some Russian vehicles were able to drive around the man who stood frantically waving his arms at passing soldiers. The brave stand brings back memories of the infamous 'Tank Man' picture of an unidentified Chinese man who stood in front of a column of tanks leaving Tiananmen Square in Beijing on June 5, 1989. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG   It comes as US reports suggest that the Russian military is facing more resistance than Moscow anticipated in its invasion of Ukraine. "We do assess that there is greater resistance by the Ukrainians than the Russians expected," a senior US defence official said on Friday. The official also adding Ukraine's command and control of its military "remains intact." Russia's defence ministry said on Friday its forces had captured the strategic Hostomel aerodrome outside the Ukrainian capital Kyiv and landed paratroopers in the area.  It said the Russian military had blocked access to Kyiv from the west, and separatist forces in eastern Ukraine had attacked Ukrainian army positions with Russian army support. Ukraine said its capital and other parts of the country were hit by Russian missiles in the early hours of Friday. Russia casualties are believed to have been high amid stubborn Ukrainian resistance. Ukraine's Defence Ministry said on Friday that more than 1,000 Russian servicemen had been killed so far in the Ukrainian conflict. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] "Russia has not suffered so many casualties during the fighting in any of its armed conflicts since its inception," the ministry said. The Kremlin's long-feared assault began in the early hours of Thursday, but the British Ministry of Defence said a "fierce resistance" was holding up the Russian advance. Mr Wallace told Sky News: "Our assessment as of this morning is that Russia has not taken any of its major objectives, in fact it is behind its hoped-for timetable. They've lost over 450 personnel. One of the significant airports they were trying to capture with their elite Spetsnaz has failed to be taken. In fact, the Ukrainians have taken it back. "So, I think contrary to great Russian claims and indeed President Putin's sort of vision that somehow the Ukrainians would be liberated and would be flocking to his cause - he's got that completely wrong. The Russian army has failed to deliver on day one its main objective."