On Friday, Death in Paradise fans were left gutted when the last episode of series 11 aired. The BBC instalment saw Detective Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) and the Saint Marie police force investigating the murder of a chess player. While at the crime scene, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) also got a blast from the past when he got a visit from journalist Maggie Harper (Orla Brady). The Commissioner didn't reveal how he knew Maggie to his team, although, Catherine Bordey (Élizabeth Bourgine) later told Neville, Maggie was Selwyn's ex-wife. Towards the end of the episode, Maggie confessed to Selwyn that they had a daughter together. "Us sleeping together I didn't expect that," Maggie began. "I was hoping you'd remember how you felt about me once. How you used to love me because I was so scared you'd hate me." "Why would I hate you?" Selwyn asked before Maggie replied: "Andrina, my daughter that's her." READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Selwyn later confided in Catherine, admitting to her that he had a daughter. This led fans to believe that Selwyn's daughter would travel to Saint Marie to get to know him. Taking to social media following the episode, Ralf thank his followers for watching the series. "Thanks to everyone for watching @deathinparadise," Ralf penned. "Series 11. It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I’ll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12." (sic) Fans were quick to reply to Ralf's tweet, with many coming up with their own theories for series 12. Many claim Neville and Selwyn will end up clashing after the detective and the Commissioner's daughter fall for each other. Seamus wrote: "Congratulations on another great series, roll on till next year. Maybe Selwyn's daughter will answer the dating site for Neville? Adam penned: "I wondered if they were setting that one up!" DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] While Louis added: "Great news!! Looking forward to seeing you marry the Commissioner’s daughter in the final episode of the next series." "Cool, now I reckon you and the commissioner's daughter should get together just so we can see his reaction," Rach commented. Jill went on to say: "I’m hoping the Commissioner’s daughter comes to visit and you fall for each other, I’d pay to see the look on his face when he finds out." Sharing his theory, David wrote: "Selwyn's daughter to be the love interest surely." Fans were also delighted to discover Ralf was coming back for series 12. Wendy tweeted: "Great news, you were made to play him." While Karen added: "So happy you're going to be in 12, you're so good as Neville. "Hope you do 13 and 14 and 15 and 16 you see where I'm going with this we want you to stay." (sic) Death in Paradise is available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.