Organisations such as Age UK and Age Space note that claimants need to explain their difficulties in realistic detail and many often understate their needs or conditions. There are three main sections to the application form, and knowing just what assessors are looking for in each can help many successfully apply for the benefit they deserve.   Benefits like PIP and Attendance Allowance can be rejected, often deterring some from claiming their entitlements at all. However, there are many organisations, charities and resources available to assist them in the application process to give them the best possible chance of succeeding. Before even starting the process, applicants should take care to ensure they are eligible for the benefit and have everything required to fill out the forms. Attendance Allowance is usually available to British residents over the state pension age who require assistance due to a severe physical and/or mental disability. READ MORE: Pensioners to get MASSIVE 20% pay hike - When it will happen and what it means for you  To fill out the Attendance Allowance claim form, applicants will need to have the following information on hand:     /finance/personalfinance/1567462/pension-tax-inheritance-death-benefits  Age Space also recommends that before starting the application, claimants should make note of how their conditions or disabilities affects them in everyday life. This includes noting tasks they struggle with, even if it’s only a little, and including detail on why they struggle. Having comprehensive notes on this will make the majority of the application process far easier and detailed, increasing one’s chances of successfully claiming the benefit. Applicants are also reminded that they do not necessarily need to have a carer or assistant already helping them, they simply need to show that they require this type of assistance.  Age Space noted claimants should aim to include the following things when filling out the different sections of the application: The application form is split into three sections, the first of which is illnesses or disabilities where claimants will need to provide details of what is impacting their daily lives. Applicants should list all of their disabilities or conditions, how long they have had them and how long the conditions are expected to last. This last point does not need to be precise.  Attendance Allowance eligibility relies on claimants having had a condition or disability for at least six months so conditions that meet these requirements are vital to one’s application. The second section involves medical professionals that the claimants consulted in the last 12 months aside from their GP. This includes hospital doctors, nurses and consultants and saving correspondences from these professionals could be beneficial. The final section involves aids and adaptations, equipment that is essential for the applicant to go about ordinary daily tasks such as walking sticks or stair lifts. Claimants should also note if they find it difficult to use the current adaptations they have, such as still experiencing pain when walking even if using a walking stick.