Rio Ferdinand and Peter Crouch tore into Leeds United as Marcelo Bielsa's side were once again humbled in the Premier League. Tottenham were the victors at Elland Road on Saturday, racing out 4-0 winners. Spurs led 3-0 at the break thanks to goals from Matt Doherty, Dejan Kulusevski and Harry Kane, with Son Heung-min adding a fourth late on. Leeds headed into the match off the back of a 6-0 drubbing away at Liverpool in midweek. And things went from bad to worse as Spurs raced three goals ahead inside 27 minutes. Leeds have now conceded 60 goals in the top flight this season, more than any other club. Former England internationals Ferdinand and Crouch were working as pundits for BT Sport on the match. JUST IN: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's next job plan as Manchester United prepare for Watford  Crouch was the first to give his opinion on Leeds' display at half-time. The ex-Spurs star couldn't believe how easy the visitors found it. "We all came here with the anticipation there would be goals," Crouch said. "Leeds have been a threat at times but Tottenham have just had a couple of banks of four, people behind the ball, and just broke on them. It's been far, far too easy. DON'T MISSWatford’s brutal mocking of Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of Manchester United clash [SOCIAL]Ralf Rangnick identifies three summer signings he wants to make for next Man Utd manager [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel speaks out after MP demands Roman Abramovich sells club [QUOTES]  "We mentioned the wing-backs before the game and they combine superbly there for the opening goal. [Jack] Harrison's just gone to sleep." Ferdinand went even stronger with his criticism, labelling the defensive performance from Leeds as "kamikaze." When analysing Kulusevski's goal, Ferdinand said: "This was just passive, far too easy from Leeds' perspective defensively. "When he's in that area in that corner, you don't let him out. [Give away] a throw-on, corner, whatever it is.  "Gets out, runs into your penalty box, what [Diego] Llorente's doing there I'll never know. But the finish is absolutely phenomenal. "Look at Llorente here, give the corner away, just put it out, get something on the ball, [he] runs over the ball. Kamikaze defending but the finish, wow, tremendous." The defeat means Leeds stay in 15th place ahead of the rest of the weekend's action. Ferdinand says Bielsa will not change his style of play but reckons that could mean the end of their stay in the Premier League.  He added: "One thing that won't change is the tactics. It will be man to man all across the pitch and that will not change. "He has been true to that since he came through the door. "Why are we going to sit here and think anything different? They'll keep sliding down the league. "He believes in what he's doing and to a point you respect that but there's got to come a point where you go 'you know what guys, look at the amount of goals we're conceding'. "Nineteen goals in the last four-and-a-half games up until this point, it's crazy." 