The new increase has pushed Atom into market leading rates, as the Instant Saver “now offers 75x times more reward than Lloyds, HSBC and Barclays’ equivalent products”. Atom’s offerings now range from 0.65 percent to 1.85 percent on a variety of products. As the rising cost of living puts pressure not just on household finances but their savings too, it seems Atom bank is coming to the rescue. Offering increased interest rates following the Bank of England’s base rate rise decision, Atom has now thrust itself into direct competition with the “big six”. The big six are the main, traditional banks in the UK and the young bank is now offering even more than some of them. These new rates are available to both existing and new customers with five products increasing their rates. READ MORE: PIP claim: Five conditions that may qualify for full £608 a month Instant Access Saver from Atom is rising from 0.65 percent to 0.75 percent, 75 times better than Lloyds Bank's offering of 0.01 percent on their Easy Saver account. Additionally, this rate also beats out RBS’s Instant Saver account, HSBC’s Flexible Saver Standard account and Barclays Everyday Saver account. All of which are currently offering 0.01 percent. The one, two and three year fixed savers from Atom bank are each increasing by 0.10 percent. The one year fixed rate will go from 1.35 percent with the two year rising from 1.60 to 1.70 percent. The three year fixed saver account will rise to an astonishing 1.85 percent. Atom’s five year fixed rate saver will also be offering this new rate, rising by 0.05 percent from 1.80 percent. Mark Mullen, CEO at Atom, shared that Atom was looking to support customers where high street banks have let them down. He said: “In contrast to most banks, who continue to offer rock bottom rates to savers, we have increased the rates across our savings range for the second time this year. “Savers have had it rough for a long time, and traditional high street banks have done very little to support them for many years.” Many savers are likely to agree with Mr Mullen as they feel the rug start to get pulled out from under their feet. Mr Mullen concluded: “The notion that many banks take away the umbrella just as it starts to rain is clearly illustrated by their reluctance to pass on the returns they are making and the recent base rate movements to savers.” The base rate was dropped to a record low of 0.1 percent at the start of the pandemic. In late 2021, it was increased for the first time in almost two years to 0.25 percent. Last month, the Bank of England doubled the base rate from 0.25 percent to 0.50 percent, but not many savers have felt this in their pockets. On the other hand, debt products and borrowers were affected by the rise almost immediately. This is also a rare occurrence for the Bank of England to increase the base rate rise twice within three months.