The Last Kingdom season 5 will be on Netflix on March 9 and the final season of the historical drama will feature some new faces, including Father Benedict (played by Patrick Robinson). Fans are keen to find out more about the character, as he does not appear in the original source material. The Last Kingdom is a popular Anglo-Saxon series on Netflix and the final season is due to air soon. Season five will see Uhtred of Bebbanburg (Alexander Dreymon) raise King Edward's (Timothy Innes) son Aethelstan (Harry Gilby) as the next heir. He will hopefully claim back his homeland before the series comes to an end, as this has always been his mission. Uhtred will come across a number of new acquaintances along the way, including Father Benedict. The official Instagram account for the series dropped a character promo, with a quote saying: "I have nothing to give but things I have seen and words I have heard." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: How long will the time jump be? His character has been described as a holy man with a troubled past, and he may be the next Father Beocca (Ian Hart). Fans were heartbroken when Uhtred's father figure Beocca was tragically killed in season four. Father Benedict is the voice of reason for Aethelflaed (Millie Brady). The character is not a part of Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories, so fans are excited to see how he fits in. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Will Sigtryggr's brother be introduced? The character promo was shared on Reddit and fans have discussed his role in the upcoming episodes. There were mixed reactions, with one saying: "Why not have the actual character from the books? "Why the hell do they have to keep making s*** up and completely abandoning the book. This show is The Last Kingdom in name only at this point." However, most fans are excited to meet the new character and find out more about his background. Actor Robinson, 57, is from London and he is known for his roles in Casualty and Sitting in Limbo. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5 release date: Will season 5 air in 2021? [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom season 5 trailer: Is there a trailer for season 5? [EXPLAINER]The Last Kingdom season 5 cast: Who is Ewan Horrocks? [INSIGHT] Robinson opened up about his character ahead of the final season. He said: "We find him having been brought in by Queen Aethelflaed, and he’s there to bring Christianity to Rumcofa. "He’s been on his own little journey, and this is one way he can sort of pay his debts. "And I can just leave it there because that’s his flaw. He’s a bit of a gambler, he owes a few quid here and there, and this is one way of paying off his debt." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom historical accuracy: What did York really look like? He is also the cousin of former football star and TV presenter, Ian Wright. Robinson was offered a football trial at Southampton FC but turned down the opportunity to pursue his acting career. He is known for his theatre roles, having starred in Rough Crossings and War Horse stage adaptations. In 2013 he took part in Strictly Come Dancing and was partnered with Anya Garnis, making it through to the semi-final. He also guest-starred in Death in Paradise season 10, as TV host Garfield Tourné.  The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on March 9.