On Friday night's Gogglebox, the Channel 4 cast sat down to watch some of the best shows that aired over the past week. They gave commentary on the likes of Love Is Blind, Starstruck and My House Is Haunted. They also watched Bradley & Barney Walsh: Breaking Dad and Teen First Dates. However, just minutes into the show, viewers noticed that Gogglebox had welcomed a new couple to the cast. Scottish duo Roisin and Joe were spotted on the sofa as they shared their thoughts on the shows they were watching. Fans first saw the couple when Roisin was discussing how many alarms she sets to wake her up in the morning. "I set about four alarms in the morning," Roisin began as Joe agreed: "Easy." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? The voiceover continued: "Meet Roisin and her boyfriend, Joe." "Even if I don't have to get up, I still set an alarm," the newcomer explained to Joe. "Just so I remind myself I don't need to get up." Joe replied: "They still go off two hours after you're awake. "You set your alarm and then it goes off and you start screaming at your alarm like you're not the one who'd set it." Later on, the couple gave their commentary on the Amazon Prime show, My House Is Haunted. "I think if you keep your decor in a house like that you're asking for it to be haunted," Roisin explained. The new additions to the Channel 4 show sent Twitter into a frenzy and many fans took to social media to share their thoughts. While some viewers loved to see Roisin and Joe on the programme, others struggled to understand the pair's Glaswegian accents. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street newcomer Stu Carpenter linked to Charlie Stubbs? [SPOILERS]Vera star speaks out on leaving Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] Mel asked: "Can we have subtitles for the new Scottish couple, please? I genuinely don't know what they're saying!" Richard penned: "Could you please subtitle the new Scottish couple, I could barely understand them… thanx." (sic) Stephanie added: "Christ, I am Scottish and can barely make out this new Scottish couple." (sic) "I am not a fan of the new Scottish couple on #Gogglebox," Michelle tweeted. User Juicy Tube praised: "Really like the new Scottish folk on #Gogglebox already. Here’s hoping that they’re not the last @C4Gogglebox!" While Daniel wrote: "Another great #Gogglebox, I like the new couple." Stepping in to defend the couple, user Bumble said: "English people saying they can’t understand the new Scottish couple accents is so obnoxious!!" (sic) Gogglebox airs on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.