Manchester United's whole starting XI from the draw against Atletico Madrid has been torn apart by former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. United picked up a 1-1 draw at the Wanda Metropolitano on Wednesday in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie. But Ralf Rangnick's side were outplayed for much of the match. Joao Felix gave Atletico an early lead and the hosts dominated most of the first half. United had to rely on 19-year-old substitute Anthony Elanga to score what some may feel was an undeserved equaliser with 10 minutes remaining. Agbonlahor says each United player could have been given an individual rating of one out of 10. But he singled out five players in particular who he felt were particularly poor on the night. JUST IN: Tim Sherwood credits Liverpool star for making Jurgen Klopp's team more like Man City  Striker Cristiano Ronaldo, forwards Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho and midfielders Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba felt Agbonlahor's wrath. “Manchester United were dreadful,” Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT. “It was like they needed to be told that it was a Champions League game. “It was like they approached the game like it was a pre-season friendly. Honestly I couldn’t believe it. DON'T MISSWhy Diego Simeone didn’t shake Ralf Rangnick’s hand after Atletico and Man Utd draw [NEWS]Tottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger [REPORT]Cristiano Ronaldo's reaction to Anthony Elanga's Man Utd goal is brilliant to watch [PICTURES]  “They were dreadful, Bruno Fernandes giving the ball away, throwing his arms up, starting to moan as he always does, Pogba kept giving the ball away. “Ronaldo came all the way into midfield just to get a few touches, he was non–existent in the game. “Rashford was dreadful, Sancho, every player in that Manchester United team could have got a one out of ten, that’s how bad they all were.” After the match, interim boss Rangnick was full of praise for Elanga and revealed how he stopped the winger leaving on loan in January. “I knew his name of course, I'd heard of him, but I didn't know him as a player,” Rangnick said of Elanga.  “In the first training session, the night before the Crystal Palace game, he was the player with the best training performance in that session so I asked my colleagues and my staff about him and found out that he had almost already decided to leave the club on loan. “He came on against Palace, as we all know, and the week after that I told him 'listen, I want you to stay, I want to see how you do in training and in the games until the closure of the transfer window.' “Right now he has shown what is possible in football with the right mentality and the right approach to go into games. "This is exactly what he did and what he always does in every training session.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here