No Time To Die proved to be a critical hit, after it received a wave of praise by critics, it has now earned a handful of Oscar nominations. Beasts of No Nation director Cary Joji Fukunaga oversaw the production, seeing off Daniel Craig for his last performance as the British superspy. Now audiences are awaiting a new actor to take over the mantel, with names such as Henry Cavill, Idris Elba and Regé-Jean Page leading the pack. It’s the perfect time to watch the epic finale, Express.co.uk has all the details on where you can catch it. Anticipation for No Time To Die couldn’t have been higher in summer 2021. The film had been expected to drop just a few years after 2015’s Spectre with Trainspotting filmmaker Danny Boyle writing and directing. Due to creative differences, he dropped out, with Fukunaga rushing in to fill the director vacuum. Everything was set for a swift turnaround on the film, with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) giving it everything it needed to ensure Craig got the farewell he deserved. Production was going well, that is until March of 2020. Much like many other films, production was completely shut down. This happened several times over the next year, with the release date continually being pushed back. READ MORE: Dawn French invited Prince Charles to see 'her beaver' in awkward m... Christmas 2020 came and went, early 2021 was the same. Summer of last year seemed the perfect time to drop the film, but it passed by. Finally, on September 30, No Time To Die arrived and achieved a respectable box office return. A few months later, it got its home and digital release, and now it is available to rent, ahead of the Oscars race. The film doesn’t have a dedicated home online, though there are a few places fans can see it. Most notably, the film is not available on Netflix, with it unlikely to come to the platform anytime soon. None of the Bond movies are on the service, but they do have another home. It is currently available on Amazon Prime Video, iTunes and the Microsoft Store to buy for around £13 depending on the platform. Recently, it just became available to rent online as well for a much more affordable price. Fans can now catch the film for £4.99 on the digital services listed above. The movie is also available to buy physically, with the Blu-ray copy being available from any major store for around £13. DON'T MISS...Lisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection [INSIGHT]Freddie Mercury saw Wayne's World scene before he died and loved it [EXPLAINER]Next Bond: 'Honoured' Henry Cavill clear favourite over Tom Hardy [INSIGHT] Back in May 2021, Amazon and MGM signed a mega-deal that saw the two corporations merge. As the latter 97-year-old company is the home of Bond, it has left questions open on where the franchise will be going on streaming platforms. Despite the eye-watering $8.45 billion deal, it is still unlikely the Bond franchise will come to Amazon Prime Video outside of buying or renting. The company only owns 50% and the series’ home is ultimately down to just two people. Producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson have unprecedented control over the property, including the creative decisions behind it and even where it will go on streaming services.