It’s reasonable to assume that most people wouldn’t turn down a cash windfall. Which is why the recent challenges encountered by online agent Purplebricks are a salutary lesson for every landlord in the UK. Seasoned landlords will already know about Prescribed Information Notices, which are part of the ‘holy trinity’ of lettings paperwork that has to be provided to renters at the start of their tenancy, the other two being a Gas Safety Certificate and an Assured Shorthold Tenancy agreement. For those who’ve not come across them before, a Prescribed Information Notice is the mandatory document that’s provided to the tenant within 30 days of their deposit funds being paid. It contains the details of the tenants, the property, the landlord, the letting agent acting on the landlords’ behalf - if there is one - how much the tenants have paid as a deposit and which tenancy deposit scheme their deposit is protected with. What many people aren’t aware of, however, is that if this isn’t sent to tenants within the deadline or if it doesn’t contain the correct information, the landlord is automatically liable for a court mandated award to the tenant. Why am I writing about this now? Well, previously few tenants were aware of their rights although it’s been law since the 2004 Housing Act was passed. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould - the true reason behind the warning Now however, due to the recent headlines around the challenges encountered by Purplebricks, where a series of irregularities around lettings paperwork was uncovered, an increasing numbers of renters are coming forward to claim an award from their landlords, many of whom may not even realise that they’re liable. According to section 213(6) of the Housing Act, if a valid Prescribed Information Notice isn’t served within the mandatory period, then the landlord is automatically liable to pay between a minimum of one and maximum of three times the amount that the tenant has paid as a deposit. In addition, the tenants’ deposit has to be released back to them, even if they are still living in the property. Ryan Heaven, who is a specialist landlord and tenant solicitor with law firm Dutton Gregory, explained: “The Notice has to be served within the mandatory period and all the details have to be correct for it to be valid. If the Notice is served late, or if the details are incorrect, it’s invalid and the landlord is in breach of the law. "Serving a Prescribed Information Notice late can’t be retrospectively remedied, although if the details in the document are incorrect, providing they are amended within the statutory 30-day timeframe from when the tenant paid their deposit, then the landlords’ obligations in law have been met.” Ryan also confirmed: “Tenants have a six-year window from the end of their tenancy to claim if their paperwork didn’t meet the required legislation. Plus, the law applies even if the landlord engaged a letting agent to handle all the paperwork on their behalf and the letting agent didn’t serve the paperwork correctly.” So how can you, as a landlord, protect yourself? Even if you’ve employed a letting agent to find a tenant for you and issue all the relevant paperwork, remember it’s still your responsibility to ensure that the Prescribed Information Notice is served within the mandatory timeframe and that it contains all the correct information. Confirm with your letting agent the deadline for serving the Prescribed Information Notice, make a note in your diary and then keep chasing until you’ve received the Notice to review and check it’s correct before it’s sent to the tenant and that you’ve had confirmation in writing from the agent that it’s been sent before the deadline. But what if it’s a historic tenancy that’s ended or if the property is currently rented yet it’s only now that you’ve realised there may be an issue with the paperwork? If you used a letting agent, contact them in the first instance to explain the problem. It’s been reported that Purplebricks have apparently set aside up to £9million to settle any claims from out-of-pocket landlords, which is of course the right thing to do. The majority of letting agents are fully au fait with compliance and legislation, so by using a qualified professional you shouldn’t encounter an issue. However, in the event there’s been an error, you may need to refer to the terms and conditions of your agreement with them. Remember, an agents fall-back position is that in law it’s ultimately the landlords responsibility to ensure that the Prescribed Information Notice is served correctly and within the mandated time frame. So, although the letting agent may have slipped up, you may still have to cough up, regardless. It’s a sobering message about the importance of getting the basics right. Or, to paraphrase the old adage: “Prevention is usually cheaper than cure.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea How do landlords have to protect their tenants’ deposits? By using one of these government approved schemes for tenancies in England: There are separate schemes for Scotland and Northern Ireland, you can find out more on mygov.scot and indirect.gov.uk. I’m a tenant and I think there’s a problem with my Prescribed Information Notice. Where can I get help or check to see if I can make a claim against my landlord? Contact the tenancy deposit scheme your deposit is lodged with first, as they can review the details of your Prescribed Information Notice with you to see if there’s a problem. If they identify an issue, you can speak to your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau (citizensadvice.org.uk) for free legal advice or contact thetenantsvoice.co.uk which has an online service to help you identify if you have a legal claim against your previous or current landlord. Follow Louisa on Twitter: @louisafletcher