Michael Douglas, 77, was among the many at the SAG Awards who took to the red carpet to share his support for Ukraine amid Russia's attack. His wife Catherine Zeta Jones, 52, made sure to take to social media to tell her followers how "proud" she was of her husband for his Ukrainian flag pocket square. Michael attended the famous ceremony, bagging awards for his performance in The Kominsky Method. He was nominated for both the Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series and the Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series. However, it was his appearance at the awards show that caught the eye of many. He showed a message of defiance as he dressed smart in a black suit, finishing the look with a knitted Ukrainian flag pocket square. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Furthering his support, he told the presenter on the red carpet: "This is not for the LA Rams. This is the colour of the Ukrainian flag. "If ever there was a time for us to appreciate what true democracy is, I'm just so proud of what the people in this country have done." His wife Catherine, couldn't be prouder of her husband as she shared a message on Instagram in support. In view of her four million followers she penned: "So proud of my SAG nominated husband. "Note the Ukrainian flag colored pocket squares. Keep the people of Ukraine in our prayers. #westandwithukraine." (sic) Many social media users took to the comments to share their support for what is going on in Ukraine at the moment. Sally_shepardson said: "Wonderful! He honors his father's heritage." (sic) Brandon.joseph.sandoval added: "We're proud of him too." DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [COMMENT] Louis Theroux admission on BBC producer wife: 'I don't trouble her' [INSIGHT] Dan Walker addresses major change with BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent [BBC] Yanaflamma commented: "Stand with Ukraine! For world peace unite!" Michael attended the ceremony with his son and fellow actor Cameron Douglas. Cameron is from Michael's previous marriage to Diandra Luker, with the couple finalising their divorce in 2000. Michael was not the only celebrity to share their support for Ukraine on the red carpet. The Morning Show’s Greta Lee walked the carpet in a stunning blue and yellow Marc Jacobs dress in tribute to Ukraine. Blue and yellow ribbons were also worn by the likes of Tyler Perry, Douglas Hodge and Shari Belafonte. Lady GaGa also made sure to address the situation, telling host Laverne Cox: "There's so much going on in the world and my heart really goes out to Ukraine." The SAG Awards host Leslie Odom Jr briefly touched upon the horrific situation as he began the ceremony, with his comments being met with a loud applause from the star studded audience.