With the UK now out of the European Union, the freedom to reintroduce the British imperial measures back to pounds, ounces, feet and inches will phase out the “system international” or SI use of metres and kilos. Tory Business Minister said the re-introduction of the measures would be “an important step in taking back control.”  However, with the measurement effectively phased out since the 1970s, many younger generations have become accustomed to the SI standards, hence creating torn opinions over the move. Venting their views, Express.co.uk readers delivered a mixed reaction to the news. Grockle said: “All this time I've been buying rules and tape measures with both imperial and metric systems on them, and one side has been useless. “Ditto kitchen scales and measuring jugs that have both systems. “I've been such a fool. “I want half my money back.”  One tradesman however questioned the notion in a sarcastic way. CommonSense said: “As a carpet fitter, cannot wait until I can use Imperial Measurements again! “Calculating the area of carpet used in feet and inches will be much easier and quicker. “Just ask Rees Mogg how much quicker he could calculate the area of carpet used for a room which is 12' 6 1/2" x 9' 3 1/4". “Much simpler than 3.84m x 2.9m!”  READ MORE:Brexit alarm bells as City warned of parting with EU rulebook RY28 stated the system should have never changed in the first place. They said: “16 ounces to a pound, 14 pounds to a stone, 12 inches to a foot, water freezes at 32 degrees - it's what we Brits know. “The hated European metric system where everything is multiples of 10 should never have been allowed.” Acknowledging the problem younger generations will face, TraceyJ said: “I went to school in England. “I was about nine when decimalisation happened. “I can remember the imperial system, but I prefer the metric one after 50 years of using it. “As for 'majority of people of all ages' - how many 16-year-olds (and younger) have even heard of the imperial system, let alone know how to use it?”  DON'T MISS:Russia halts ships in Azov Sea [REPORT]Blow for Putin as Ukraine shoots down FIVE planes [REVEAL]Diplomacy off as Macron's peace CANCELLED [INSIGHT] Marie1956 pointed out many people still use imperial measures without thinking twice. She said: “They are also taught Imperial measurements in U.K. schools. We use both and always have. “Everyone knows a metre is 3 1/2 inches longer than a yard, a litre is just over two pints and a kilo of sugar is roughly two pounds. Ok, they are not exact but milk is still delivered in pint bottles and beer is served as pints and not 1/2 litres. “Also I have never heard anyone in the UK talk about kilometres when driving - it’s always miles which is why most cars have both printed on the speed indicator. 30 miles is roughly 40 kilometres but can you imagine the horrific damage that could be caused if car indicators only showed one unit for speed.”  However, slamming Mr Rees-Mogg, one reader considers the economic costs of such a move. Puffer raged: “Rees-Mogg is a complete i**** -- does he not realise the cost's involved for the whole UK. “Not just those in Industry but small private companies, banks, shops, petrol stations. “The man has learned nothing from the mess the Tories have made of Brexit.”Ending with a nostalgic look at one particular industry, Busbee said: “As a printer, I'm looking forward to getting quarto and foolscap sizes back. “Ordering paper in double-elephant size was also always a joy, just as was squeezing odd-sized letters into odd size envelopes. “Damned metric A sizes took all these pleasures away from us. Let's live again!” A poll taken by YouGov on behalf of the UK Metric Association suggested opinion was truly split. It said: “Half of the respondents were opposed to completing metrication, with a quarter supportive and a fifth indifferent or noncommittal.” 