Pension savings can often get lost over time, and as a result funds can lie dormant for years. Britons have lost track of millions of pounds over the years, and the Government is taking action. It has been shared today that the Government will raid some £880million from forgotten pensions, investments and insurance payouts. This will go towards funding charities and local communities in an effort to push forward good causes. The decision has been made to expand the already existing Dormant Assets Scheme, and is to receive Royal Assent today according to Whitehall officials. Members of the public in England will be able to have their say on the matter in a summer consultation. READ MORE: State pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared But how can Britons track down pensions they have lost touch with from the past? The Government currently operates a system in the hopes of reuniting people with pension cash. The Pension Tracing Scheme is designed for this specific purpose, and gives Britons a helping hand. The service can be used to find contact details to search for a lost pension. DON'T MISSPension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' [EXCLUSIVE]State pension sum may be affected if you have workplace pension [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax warning: Britons to face higher tax ‘burden’ [ANALYSIS] People can find contact details for: It is worth noting the service will not tell a person if they have a pension, or what its value is. To use the online service, Britons will need the name of an employer or a pension provider. However, there are also other ways to apply if online is not the most appropriate. The Government explains people can request contact details from the Pension Tracing Service by phone. They should be aware phone lines are currently busier than normal due to the pandemic. In the same way, details cannot currently be requested by post due to COVID-19. The Tracing Service is free and searches a database of over 20,000 workplace and personal pension schemes.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Alternatively, if a person is still in touch with their old employer it may be worth contacting them directly. MoneyHelper says if these options have been exhausted, Britons may wish to try the Unclaimed Assets Register (UAR). Its website explains: “The UAR is a search engine that some providers have used to share unclaimed pensions. You can check it for a fee of £25 per search. “This covers only a few pension schemes. And even if your scheme uses it, they might not class your pension as ‘unclaimed’. “For example, if you’re under the age of 75, they might not see your pension as being unclaimed yet.”