Tahj Miles joined the Death in Paradise cast during the 10th anniversary season and has quickly become a key member of the team as Officer Marlon Pryce. As the BBC comedy-drama continues to air every Friday, the more fans get to know what makes the newbie tick. In the latest episode, it was a blast from the past for Marlon as someone he knew was caught up in a murder investigation. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.When fans first came across Marlon (played by Tahj Miles), he was a common thief, stealing on the streets of Saint Marie. Soon enough though, Sergeant JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) took him under his wing as a new police recruit and since then, has worked hard alongside the rest of the team. But in season 11 episode seven, Marlon came across Layla Carpenter (Ruby-May Martinwood) who he used to hang around with. She was accused of murdering a fellow rapper but thanks to Marlon, DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) and the rest of the team, they were able to prove her innocence. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Actor Tahj Miles is very new to the entertainment industry, having just a few credits to his name so far. In 2016, he was in CBBC's Class Dismissed and in 2020, Miles had a minor role in BBC drama Small Axe as Kendrick Manning. Death in Paradise is by far his biggest role to date but while he is starting to move up the career ladder, little is known about his personal life. So it isn't currently known if Miles is married or even in a relationship. Miles is in his mid-20s so, for now, it seems like the actor is more focusing on his career rather than his love life. Even on his social media, he tends to focus on what he has been doing in front of the screen rather than behind it with family and friends. Express.co.uk will update this article if any more information comes out about a potential other half in Miles' life. While there may not be that special someone now, he has spoken about whether or not there will be a romance onscreen. DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [UPDATE]Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION]Ralf Little clarifies why he can’t confirm Death in Paradise future [CAST] Marlon has been joined by Officer Naomi Thompson (Shantol Jackson) as another police recruit. The pair have to work very closely together and there has been speculation that they may become an item. Opening up on the possibility to Hello!, Miles said: "I don't know! I think Marlon's a bit of a cheeky chappy and has a bit of charm, so it is a possibility for any female character, there could something there with Marlon because he's so cheeky… but in the work environment I don't think he'll go there. "He wouldn't push any boundaries that might jeopardize this new job he literally just got and kept him out of jail! "I feel like in the work environment he'll keep it professional. But outside of the office, who knows." Season 11 will conclude this week on BBC One with an intriguing case for the team. The synopsis reads: "When a prestigious chess match ends in murder, the team must work out how and why the killing was carried out. "Meanwhile, the commissioner is confronted with his past by the very last person he was expecting to see." Death in Paradise season 11 concludes on Friday, February 25, at 9pm on BBC One.