Joining host Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer on Sunday Brunch were guests Ashley Roberts, Johnny Marr, Jon Richardson, Lucy Beaumont and Anna Williamson. Expecting laughs, viewers of the Channel 4 show were surprised to see an unspoken tension on set, which caused a "weird, awkward vibe". Tim had the honour of introducing Sunday's show and welcomed the celebrity guest panel to the early morning series. Before getting started with the show, Tim made a point to highlight how comedian Jon was no stranger to the show. The host excitedly said: "Jon, because it's your fifth time on the show, there is something under the cloche for you." Reaching for the serving platter, Jon added: "Can I say how unpleasant the view of yourself in a cloche is to deal with the first thing in the morning? It's horrible." Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist? He lifted the silverware as a gameshow style prize jingle played, and a silver Sunday Brunch mug was revealed. The 53-year-old presenter added: "It's your silver mug, but we can't forget the catchphrase that comes along with it 'don't put it in the dishwasher'". Jon and his comedian wife Lucy both seemed unimpressed with the silver item. Trying to feel the pregnant silent pause, Tim asked: "Are you happy with that?" Gathering himself, the 8 Out of 10 Cats star added: "I am, it's going to get broken as we have got one of those posh sinks that Lucy likes to just chuck everything in from a distance. "The week I have with it, I'll treasure it." Lucy just shook her head as the mug holder, and the presenting duo chatted about his fancy "Belfast" sink. Looking annoyed, Lucy quipped: "Straight away off the cuff, did you get that?" DON’T MISS… Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda Blethyn [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead's Leah star issues warning over character 'Has nothing to live for' [LATEST] He simply commented: "It's all on camera" Silence filled the studio until Ashley Roberts asked: "What's happening?" It took only a matter of moments for onlookers to share their insight on the awkward panel. Jade Jordan tweeted: "Such a weird awkward vibe #SundayBrunch"  Paul Gibbons shared his thoughts: "Get that feeling Jon and Lucy had a good ol’ Sunday morning argument before coming on #SundayBrunch." "Awkward interaction with guests that look like they've been kidnapped and being held hostage #SundayBrunch," @LivingAuthenti1 added. @Crazier was far from impressed: "#SundayBrunch My neighbour is out cleaning his car wheels with a toothbrush. And that’s so much more fascinating than this!!" However, fan @HebbersEddie enjoyed the show: "#SundayBrunch finger licking good." @Man_in_England praised the lineup: "@Johnny_Marr guitarist of the #TheSmiths - the best f***ing band the world has ever seen. #SundayBrunch." Sunday Brunch airs Sunday on Channel 4 at 9.30am