Birmingham City Council’s Car Free School Streets will shut off roads to cars at the start and end of the school day to reduce congestion. The scheme launched in September 2019 but new rules will see five more streets have joined the scheme from this February. Birmingham City Council warns drivers will be issued a £50 fixed penalty notice if they travel down the street during operational hours. But, many have attacked the plans, warning it was “disgusting” and another “money making scheme”. Express reader "Brexit champ" said: “Slowly, slowly taking away our freedom.” Reader "Retep13" said: “The war against the motorist continues.” READ MORE: Two major European cities announce car ban Reader "Retep13" said: “The war against the motorist continues.” Reader "TooManyIdiots" added: “It's up to the residents whether they want this disruption or not. “Bombard your councillor with complaints and see how quick they dump this nonsense.” Reader "Mr Jelly" has warned the new plans would not solve parking issues but may simply divert the issues. He warned parents were likely to still park their vehicles just outside the area to ensure they were not hit with fees. DON'T MISSScotland begins to ban cars from city centres [INSIGHT]Calls for 'forced' car ownership to be 'eliminated' as TfL struggles [COMMENT]Council calls for petrol and diesel price rise to discourage car use [ANALYSIS] He said: “I find this proposal very strange, because in my experience it is mainly the parents driving [their] kids TO and FROM school who cause disruption and blocking of roads during certain times of the day. “So what are they going to do? “Drop them off or pick them up at the nearest point to the schools that they can still park in is my guess. “Which might move the problem but won't sort it.” Another reader said: “Another money making scheme, disgusting.” Another added: “If they signpost them as well as they sign their bus lanes, this will be a massive earner. “So, we can expect very poor signs deliberately to catch out the poor motorist with yet another poll tax on wheels.” Birmingham City Council has claimed residents' feedback over the new scheme was “extremely positive”. They claim more than 80 percent of locals said they wanted the scheme to be introduced on their road.