Hear, hear! The popular TV presenter’s was writing in Gardeners World and was objecting to what he calls the “unremitting diet” of gritty dramas about dysfunctional families” on our screens. And he’s right. It’s one depressing show after another which is why, like Alan, I look for lighter stuff to watch – so much so that my friends actually make fun of me for it. So, I watch Midsomer Murders not because it’s a crime drama but for the scenery and for the fact it always looks sunny there. Yes, it's unrealistic because obviously, no small English village would have three or four murders in a week. But millions of us watch it because we fantasise about living in those thatched cottages and those gorgeous houses where people are being bumped off on a daily basis. Then there’s Vera which I watch not for the plots but because I love Brenda Blethyn and the show is set on the Northumbrian coast and in Newcastle which is where I’m from. So for me, it’s all about nostalgia and the glorious countryside. And, like Alan, I LOVE LOVE LOVE Channel 5’s new All Creatures Great and Small because it's gentle, it's kind, it's romantic, it’s about saving animals and its set in the stunning Yorkshire Dales. I could barely contain my excitement waiting for the Christmas special because I knew James was going to propose to Helen. I can still watch Fools and Horses till the cows come home because even though I know most of the storylines the gags still make me laugh. And Yes, Emily in Paris is an “escapist” triumph. Of course, the plot lines are daft but who cares I watch it for Emily’s fabulous/ridiculous/outrageous clothes, for the drop-dead gorgeous chef and all the shots of Paris. Watching that show (I binge-watched the second series in two nights) makes me want to run away to Paris and live Emily’s fabulous life. And what’s wrong with that? I’ve even started watching re-runs of Hetty Wainthropp Investigates starring Patricia Routledge which ran from 1996-1998 because I know there’s going to be no killing or torture in it. And no one plays a battle-axe like Patricia Routledge. I used to laugh at my Dad for watching re-runs of old series that I knew he’d seen years before. But I get why he did it now. They were cheerful and funny and they had happy endings. His and my Mum’s lives were already hard enough without seeing lives just like theirs plastered across their TV screens every night. Says Alan: “Since Brexit and Covid it seems that news outlets are incapable of dealing with any topic without adopting a tone that’s both alarmist and shrill.” He’s right. Yes, I know there are terrible things happening in the world because it’s my job to write and talk about them every day. And that’s why I don’t want my rest and relaxation time taken up with hand wringing, real-life stories while I’m trying to wind down with a glass of wine. Miranda Hart said recently she deplored the lack of lightness in television shows and she’s spot on. When did lightness and gentle TV become old fashioned? Truth is it hasn’t. It's just that TV bosses live in their own elitist bubble and don’t talk to the people who actually watch the telly. They make shows they think they “should” be making – shows that reflect society, real life, death and destruction when the fact is most of us want to get away from all that and watch James Herriot delivering a calf and Emily in Paris snogging the gorgeous chef!