During last weekend's Dancing on Ice, The Vamps star fell during his performance with partner Alexandra Schauman. Connor tried to smile and carry on, despite the fact blood was dripping onto his shirt from his chin. The 25-year-old later explained he accidentally opened up stitches on his face that he received just moments before performing. However, during Sunday's ITV instalment, poor Connor ended up suffering another injury, leaving viewers concerned. For props week, Alexandra and Connor dressed up as pirates and they used a mop and bucket for their props. Although, as they were spinning around in a circle, the singer appeared to lose his footing and he fell to the floor. As he crashed to the ground, Connor also ended up dropping his skating partner at the same time. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Despite the setback, the pair stayed professional and carried on with their routine. They even received a score of 34 out of 40 from the judges. "We are gutted for you," Phillip Schofield began after the couple received their scores. "But first of all, are you okay?" the host asked as he pointed to Connor's trousers.  Connor replied: "I don't even want to look at what's going on right now." "It is bleeding," Alexandra commented as the singer said: "I'll check after. "The blade ran into my leg, I don't know if something is cut." A concerned Holly Willoughby asked: "Do you want to see anybody?" "No, don't worry," Connor reassured. Holly later confirmed that Connor was forced to seek medical attention after the performance. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] Taking to social media following the slip-up, viewers aired their concern about the singer. Charlie wrote: "Connor is one of my favourites. I think he is a great skater, when he goes over I feel sorry for him. He clearly works hard." Ryan tweeted: "My heart breaks for @TheVampsCon. Falling for a second week in a row, that fall looked so nasty. "However this is what I love about Connor. He's a trooper. He falls over gets back up and carries he doesn't give up which I love. What a performer." (sic)  While Hannah added: "No, Connor!! Such an amazing dance though!" "I feel so bad for Connor he’s having no luck on this show is he, bless him," Grace said. Jane went on to say: "I hope Connor is ok, like the trooper he is he carry's on. "Bless him he's been in the wars this year, but think he'll be back next week." (sic) Dancing on Ice airs on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV. 