Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) has been growing closer to Ted's (Duggie Brown) grandson Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver) on Coronation Street. However, her friend Faye Windass (Ellis Leach) is set to be left feeling very concerned as she and Emma accidentally killed the pensioner after hitting him with a car. Are the sparks between Emma and Jon real or is he working with the police to catch her out? Coronation Street fans will remember Emma and Faye were left horrified after hitting the pensioner but they only made matters worse when they tried to cover up the crime. The only other person to know the truth is Faye's boyfriend, and former police officer, Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) who tried to cover up their role in the death. Craig later confirmed he had decided to leave the police force as he had "broken" his oath by covering up the crime from his colleagues. However, it looks as though the truth may come out in upcoming scenes as Emma starts to bond with cobbles newcomer Jon. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? Emma got talking to Jon at his grandfather's funeral and the pair appeared to get along very well. He was interested to know how Emma knew Ted, to which she replied: "I bumped into your granddad in the street." She tried her best not to act suspicious, but does Jon already know she is responsible for his death? In scenes yet to air, Emma starts spying on Jon in Freshco’s car park as he collects the trolleys.  The newcomer later sees her in the Rovers Return and reveals he saw her watching him in the car park. However, he admits he has been thinking about her a lot since his grandfather's funeral and suggests they have dinner together to get to know each other better. Over dinner in Speed Daal, Emma becomes fascinated by him and it appears Jon is totally smitten. However, Faye later fumes at Emma for going on a date with him in the first place. DON'T MISS...Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in twist? [UPDATE]Coronation Street rocked as Chesney leaves family to track down Joseph [THEORY] She reminds her how her boyfriend Craig gave up his career for them and is left seriously disappointed by Emma's actions. Keen to see Emma again, she soon receives a text message from Jon following her telling off from Faye. Emma later promises Faye she won't meet up with him again but when he texts her inviting her for a drink, she's left torn. Will she cut ties with Jon, or will she go behind Faye's back and see him again?  She could end up playing a dangerous game as Jon may ask her questions about Ted which cause him to realise she killed him. Emma will have to keep her cards close to her chest as Jon could be working with the police to get a confession out of her. If he is part of a police investigation, will she end up behind bars after he catches her out? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 