State pensioners typically look towards the state pension sum to see them through retirement. However, many could be entitled to additional assistance without even being aware of it. This comes in the form of Attendance Allowance, a payment specifically designed to help people over state pension age. It will be suitable for those living with a disability or condition severe enough that they need help caring for themselves, or require supervision. But Britons do not actually have to have someone caring for them in order to put in a claim. One condition many older people sadly face is arthritis - which can have a drastic impact on everyday life. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning: Britons to face higher tax ‘burden’ The NHS states more than 10million people have arthritis or other similar conditions which affect the joints. While it can affect people of all ages, certain types of osteoarthritis will be apparent amongst older people. For example, the NHS states: “Osteoarthritis is most common type of arthritis in the UK, affecting nearly nine million people. “It most often develops in people in their mid-40s or older.” DON'T MISSState pension sum may be affected if you have workplace pension [INSIGHT]Pension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' [ANALYSIS]Pensioners could get extra £358 per month - are you eligible? [EXPLAINED] Indeed, rheumatoid arthritis often starts when a person is between 40 and 50 years old. Arthritis and related conditions can cause pain and discomfort, and even affect how a person lives their life. As a result, many of those living with arthritis could find they are eligible for Attendance Allowance. However, they will need to check this against the Department for Work and Pension’s (DWP) criteria. A person must have a physical or mental disability severe enough they need care or supervision. This help must have been required for at least six months for someone to be eligible. Attendance Allowance is issued at two rates - either £60 for the lower rate or £89.60 for the higher rate. What a person gets is determined by their circumstances, namely the level of help they require. Furthermore, claimants must be in Great Britain when they claim and for at least two of the last three years - in most cases. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Only habitual residents of the UK, Ireland, Isle of Man or Channel Islands can submit a claim. Britons can claim Attendance Allowance by using a claim form available via the Government’s website. Alternatively, they can also call the official helpline to request a copy be sent out to them. This must be sent by post, but a postcode and a stamp will not be required. If a person is unsure about the details of the form, help can sometimes be available through organisations such as Citizens Advice.