Emmerdale villain Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) has finally been caught by the police and is awaiting trial for the murder of Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). The nurse admitted to accidentally killing Ben, although, they are yet to find evidence to link Meena to the death of Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) and Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger). Although, in scenes which aired in the ITV soap this week, Liam (Jonny Cavanagh) discovered Meena's trinket box containing items from her victims. Over the past few months, viewers have eagerly waited for Meena to be exposed, and many fans have expressed their frustration about how long the storyline has been dragged out. Last month, Ofcom was flooded with complaints about the villain's storyline. The soap received a backlash from fans after Meena tried to kill her own sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson). She was later caught out by Liam, and she ended up escaping after he chased her through the woods. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? However, the TV watchdog has since confirmed they received 76 complaints from viewers about the episode that aired on Tuesday, February 15. The instalment saw Meena kidnap both Billy (Jay Kontzle) and Dawn (Olivia Bromley), holding them at gunpoint. After taking them to the middle of nowhere, Meena told the newlyweds to choose which one of them she should shoot. The couple's wedding guests were also starting to worry after the pair didn't show up to their own reception. "Someone told me that real love is when you're prepared to stand in front of someone and take a bullet for them," Meena began. "Why are you doing this?" Dawn asked before Meena replied: "I know, anyone in their right mind would never have come back. "I really am my own worst enemy. What I want you to do, Billy, is make a choice. "You either save yourself or you save Dawn because only one of you is leaving here alive today." DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [NEWS] As Dawn taunted the killer, Meena began to get angry, as she hit back: "You are either really brave or really stupid." Billy tried to defuse the situation by leading Meena to believe he will leave with her so they could be together. Later on in the episode, Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) decided to leave the wedding party in the hopes of finding the couple. However, little did she know Meena was holding them at gunpoint. The episode concluded with Meena turning the gun on Dawn as she pressed her against the wall of a bridge. "Any last words for your wife?" she asked Billy before the newlywed pleaded: "Meena, I am begging you." "Billy, I love you," Dawn told him as Leyla crawled out of the car. This distracted the killer and so Dawn managed to gain control and knocked her to the ground. "I am going to kill you," Dawn screamed as she punched Meena in the face. "It's over, she's done," Billy added before Dawn shouted: "If she dies no one would miss her." Meena proceeded to tell Dawn that her son Lucas was in trouble. She taunted: "It won't be only me that dies today." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.