Whilst ignoring his threat, European countries, including the UK, have allowed their military strength to wane. There has been cut after cut. The British military, once admired across the Globe, is a shadow of its former self and it is not even worth mentioning the French and German ones. NATO has protected the peace in Europe for nearly three quarters of a century but its European members have been hollowed out. We have voraciously consumed the post war peace dividend. It has long been forgotten that if you want peace, be prepared for war. Putin may be a thug but he is bright and cunning. He has watched from the side-lines; assessing Europe’s weakness, feeding it with his cheap gas and empowering himself.The other villain in this plot is the EU. With no eye for Europe’s weakness, it has been playing in Putin’s backyard; goading him; inviting Ukraine and other states to face West and cut their historic ties with Russia. Did they think Putin would sit back and accept this? What a monumental error in judgment. So, when it came to Putin kicking back and his illegal war in Ukraine, Europe was unable to offer anything in return. And let’s be clear, anything in this context means military support. Very nearly everything else is meaningless when confronted by the might of the Russian army. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea European heads of state, including our own, chose instead to bang their chests threatening the mother of all sanctions. What they delivered was a whimper. So weak has Europe become that it excluded Russian gas and all banks associated with its supply from the sanctions package and expulsions from SWIFT. Not that adding them into the mix would have made much of a difference. With oil and gas prices surging, Russia is likely economically to benefit from the chaos created by its war. Sanctions are not going to dent Putin’s resolve. In taking this weak approach, Europe has sent another clear message to Putin. We are not prepared to suffer hardship, even when faced with war. This will embolden him. He is bound now to consider testing NATO itself. He will want to know how far he can push us. He has always seen the Baltic countries as rightfully in his sphere of influence and we should not be surprised if he next sets his sights on these states. The only thing which might deter him is if the Ukrainian people can continue to bog his forces down in street-to-street fighting. They are fighting valiantly. If they continue like this and are able to mount insurgencies after this phase of the war ends, they may give him pause for thought about Western excursions. Putin will keep upping the ante, so they will pay a hefty price for their resistance. We wish to be seen as protecting Ukraine. The reality is that it is Ukraine now protecting us. The only thing standing between us and Russia is the resilience of the Ukrainian people. If Europe survives this chapter it would be because of the sacrifices made by brave Ukrainians, enticed into harm’s way by the EU and then forsaken. And after this chapter we will remain at risk unless we immediately relearn the importance of maintaining a strong military. The highest priority we have in the West right now is to re-arm.