Mrs Brown’s Boys' Brendan O’Carroll has reacted to a racism row that ensued following his appearance on Tuesday's The One Show alongside Tyler Perry. BBC viewers were outraged at the content of Brendan’s jokes, which they branded “racist”. Brendan admitted it is “easy to understand” people can be offended over some of his jokes, but that people are welcome to change the channel. He told The Daily Star: "It’s easy to understand that some people do get offended by things but that is why there is a remote control for the TV and that is why the cinema door swings both ways. "Personally, I feel if you are not offending somebody we are not doing our job." Tyler also weighed in on the controversy, explaining that his comedy also focused on discussing “serious subjects”. He said: “There is somebody saying 'You can’t say this or that'. "I wanted to make something that will make us laugh but also address serious subjects." The row erupted on Tuesday as the comedy pair chatted to The One Show presenters Lauren Laverne and Harry Judd about their new Netflix comedy A Madea Homecoming. As the conversation came to an end, Brendan made a joke about his co-star’s “colour”, sparking backlash from viewers. Lauren asked Brendan if in the future he would invite Tyler as a guest star on his BBC comedy show Mrs Brown’s Boys. “I don’t know if we could afford him, he’s very expensive,” Brendan began. Tyler chimed in: “Please answer that. Please answer that, I want to hear it.” Brendan continued: “He’s very expensive and so far we haven’t had anybody his colour in there. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [LATEST]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [UPDATE]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war [INSIGHT] "So, I don’t know if we could have him in. But, you know what I’d love that. “But, I think more importantly I’d love to do another movie with him,” he added. “Nobody my colour,” Tyler laughed. “Times have changed, change the world. Diversity rules. Here we go.” Soon after, viewers began logging onto Twitter to address the joke. “Excuse me!? Did I... did I just hear what I thought I heard on the #TheOneShow from Brendan O’Carroll either I misunderstood or was that blatant racism on a prime time @BBCOne show #wtf,” @Boycie1001 said. “Brendan O'Carroll just made a racist remark on the one show and not one person called him out. Shame on you BBC #TheOneShow,” @lynnw46 added. @anniebev6 typed: “Omg did Brendan actually make a racist remark on bbc1 and not one person called him out on it? #theoneshow.” (sic)