N'Golo Kante joined Chelsea in 2016 after a stellar season at Leicester City and has since enjoyed six trophy-laden seasons at Stamford Bridge. But the Frenchman's contract runs out in June 2023 with Paris Saint-Germain keeping a close eye on the player, who turns 31 next month. Express Sport takes a look at four players Chelsea could sign to replace Kante should he leave this year or next. Rice may just turn out to be the most expensive mistake in Chelsea's history. Having been released from their academy at the age of 14, he joined West Ham, signing a professional contract just over a year after joining at the age of 16. He made his debut just one-and-a-half years later, since notching up 27 England appearances and becoming one of the Premier League's best midfielders. Rice has been linked with a £100million return to Chelsea and the Blues look set to have to reluctantly pay that club-record fee if they want him back. Kamara is another young defensive midfielder with a point to prove elsewhere. Having already played over 110 games for Marseille since his debut in December 2016, Kamara is an experienced pro at the age of just 22. Yet with many players from the French league leaving for the riches of other elite European divisions, it could be Kamara's turn to jump on the bandwagon. And with his contract up in the summer, a deal could be done to bring the Frenchman to London without needing to pay a transfer fee.  Ndidi has been billed as the best defensive midfielder outside of the 'big six' for some time now. Having joined Leicester from Genk in 2017, he has made 202 appearances for the Foxes, scoring 11 goals and winning an FA Cup along the way. Still at the relatively young age of 25, his European and Premier League experience could see him be a big success at Chelsea. And his knowledge of how former team-mate Ben Chilwell works down the left-hand side would be an added bonus. Every team on the continent is in the hunt for Gravenberch, if reports are to be believed. The Dutchman is considered one of the best young talents on the planet, having already made 92 appearances for Ajax at the age of just 19. Despite his comments that he won't leave Ajax unless they receive a decent fee for him, the star only has 18 months left on his contract. And that may give Chelsea a reason to bid for him in the summer to beat competition from Manchester United and Liverpool.