The 2022 season officially gets underway on Wednesday when teams begin to take their new models out for a test drive. All teams apart from Alfa Romeo have unveiled their new car for the 2022 season with huge modifications made from years gone by. There will still be some tinkering from teams over the coming weeks in order to be best prepared for the first race of the season in Bahrain on March 18. And each driver will get a much better understanding of how their cars feel on track for pre-season testing starting this week. This year sees pre-season testing split into two different tests, with the first being held in Barcelona this week. This week's test will follow the normal format, but no fans will be in attendance at the track with live timing sheets also not being recorded. JUST IN: Inside accommodation Hamilton and co will live in during F1 testing  A few weeks later and the more traditional pre-season test will take place in Bahrain from March 10-12. But attention turns to Wednesday when the cars will leave the garage for their first testing session alongside their rivals. F1 rules permit teams from driving more than one car during each session, meaning drivers will alternate on each day. Aston Martin, Haas and Williams are so far the only teams to confirm their schedule for all three days. DON'T MISS  The three-day session though will not be shown live on television, but F1 fans will be able to tune in on Express Sport for all the latest information and news coming out of testing throughout the week. Sky Sports will be airing a programme titled "F1 Testing Wrap" after each day of testing to provide more inside information. All times GMT Wednesday 23 February Morning session: 8am - 12pm Afternoon session: 1pm - 5pm Thursday 24 February Morning session: 8am - 12pm Afternoon session: 1pm-5pm Friday 25 February Morning session: 8am - 12pm Afternoon session: 1pm-5pm Aston Martin Sebastian Vettel - Wednesday AM, Thursday PM, Friday AM Lance Stroll - Wednesday PM, Thursday AM, Friday PM Haas Nikita Mazepin - Wednesday AM, Thursday PM, Friday AM Mick Schumacher - Wednesday PM, Thursday AM, Friday PM Williams Nicholas Latifi - Wednesday AM, Thursday PM, Friday AM Alex Albon - Wednesday PM, Thursday AM, Friday PM Mercedes George Russell - Wednesday AM (Thursday and Friday to be confirmed) Lewis Hamilton - Wednesday PM (Thursday and Friday to be confirmed) Red Bull - To be confirmed McLaren - To be confirmed Ferrari - To be confirmed Aston Martin - To be confirmed Alpine - To be confirmed Alfa Romeo - To be confirmed