Numerous countries have announced fresh sanctions as Russia launched a full-scale incursion into Ukraine. But the sanctions have failed to scare Russia into changing tack as it continues, with soldiers now entering Kyiv as the country struggles to survive. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine demands "effective counteraction" from allies against Russia including further sanctions after talking with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The Ukrainian leader tweeted: "Held talks with PM BorisJohnson. Reported on the course of [Ukraine’s] defence and insidious attacks on Kyiv by the aggressor. “Today [Ukraine] needs the support of partners more than ever. "We demand effective counteraction to the Russian Federation. Sanctions must be further strengthened." READ MORE: World War 3: Is World War 3 now a reality in Europe? Will Putin stop? But even with improved sanctions announced in the last 24 hours by a slew of European nations, it’s clear it is doing little to change the ground situation in Ukraine, which has quickly turned into bloodshed. The UK has placed sanctions on Russia eight times since the end of World War 2 - most recently in 2014 when Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula. Overall the impact of the 2014 measures was a 0.2 percent hit to Russian GDP each year up to 2018 - hardly a dent in the Federation’s bank balance. But as recent days expose, these sanctions have failed to implore Russia to end its belligerence against western aligned nations. Dr David Blagden from the University of Exeter’s Strategy and Security Institute told Express.co.uk: “With Russian forces now invading on a scale that could topple Ukraine’s government and conquer the whole country, NATO states will have to strike a balance between an understandable desire to help Ukraine and a need to avoid inadvertent entanglement. “If NATO and Russian forces were to start engaging each other directly, that would risk a pan-European war with the potential to turn nuclear.” Dr Blagden explains Russia will have known when planning the war sanctions would be heading their way, and the Kremlin will understand the destabilising effect this will have on West. He continued: “Western economic sanctions are unlikely to reverse Russian gains - given that their costs will have been factored into the decision to invade - and they will be costly to the West too.  DON'T MISSPutin has sealed his fate... now face down this monstrous bully [OPINION]Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error [INSIGHT]Inflation hikes in the Eurozone to stay ‘longer than expected’ [REPORT] “But they could still be valuable in weakening Russia’s economic ability to threaten NATO in future, in weening Western economies and politics off Russian energy and money, and in ensuring that the Russian regime’s domestic power-base feels the economic costs of a protracted occupation alongside the human costs of attempting to quell Ukrainian resistance.” “Arming the Ukrainian resistance similarly carries downsides: of escalation, of retaliation and of increased humanitarian suffering. “However, it could also be a way to support Ukrainian sovereignty while entangling Russia in a costly campaign that reduces its ability to conduct hostile operations elsewhere.” Sanctions on Russia from all nations have failed to combat the one thing that could damage Russia the most - its oil and gas industries. Sanctions of all kinds go two ways - they damage the receiver as well as the administrator - and the EU is heavily reliant on Russian gas to function. The UK is better placed to stop gas imports from Russia than other European nations - respectively, an estimated three percent of our gas and oil supply comes from Russia. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen outlined fresh EU sanctions on Thursday, with limited targets on the oil and gas sectors. She said: “Second, we target the energy sector, a key economic area which especially benefits the Russian state. “Our export ban will hit the oil sector by making it impossible for Russia to upgrade its refineries.” But sanctions of all kinds go two ways - they damage the receiver as well as the administrator, and the EU is reluctant to cause further damage to itself as the gas crisis grips Europe. They also take time to work - meaning there will be little immediate effect on Russia. Dr Blagden summarises this leaves NATO nations in Europe in a dilemma. He said: “NATO in general - and the UK specifically - will have to engage in debate over whether to significantly increase defence spending, work for improved energy security and supply-chain resilience, and substantially reinforce the forces committed to NATO’s defence within Europe, or whether they can continue the previous status quo of an ever-smaller military, reliance on Eurasian energy imports, and keeping only modest forces in Europe while pursuing expeditionary operations elsewhere.”