We wish International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan all the best as she departs next week for talks in Indonesia, Japan and Singapore. It is thought membership of the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership could boost our GDP by £1.8billion a year. Our post-Brexit ambitions are coming true. This is a chance to break into new markets without joining a superstate or signing away swathes of precious sovereignty. The Pacific nations, including Canada and Australia, have a total GDP of £8.4trillion. Pessimists deep within the British establishment who opposed Brexit feared the country would become a more insular and less prosperous one if we broke free of Brussels’ orbit. Instead, we are on the brink of having an international presence not seen for generations, and we look forward to trading with people of goodwill on every continent. Free trade helps secure peace and powers innovation that can spread wealth to every region of a country. Britain is not in decline but about to enter an exciting chapter in its glorious history; a global adventure awaits. Prince Harry once enjoyed admiration from a public that felt gratitude for his war service and charity work, profound sympathy for the sorrows of his childhood, and delight he had found love. Regrettably, since moving to the US he seems to have developed a decidedly American taste for litigation. His row with the Home Office over whether he should be able to pay for police protection here has ended up in the High Court. He is in danger of looking like a rich man with an inflated sense of entitlement. He is not a working royal, he lives in California, and there is no obligation to offer a bespoke police protection service. Of course, we want the Duke to be able to come to the UK regularly and safely but he must understand his decision to step away from his royal roles has consequences. Dame Joan Collins possesses a rare and marvellous glamour, which has dazzled and delighted the nation for decades. It was a joy to see her celebrating her 88th birthday party and 20th wedding anniversary at London’s Claridge’s hotel. She is both iconic and a tonic, blazing away the February drabness with her timeless sparkle. A true trouper, she deserves every happiness. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea