Doria Ragland, 65, stunned at the NAACP Awards on Saturday alongside her daughter Meghan Markle, 40, and son-in-law Prince Harry, 37. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex received a President's Award at the ceremony. Meghan looked incredible in a custom Christopher John Rogers blue ombre one-shoulder gown, but it was her mother Doria who stole the show.  Doria wore a Burberry ‘Fabiana’ seamed sheath dress in black which looked effortlessly regal on the mother-of-one. The £850 long-sleeved dress had an interesting collar bone detailing, which resembled a boat neck with an elongated triangular cut-out. She also tied her hair back in a smart high bun, which looked so nice on Doria. Doria also wore some black pointed-toe heels to complete the elegant look.  Royal fans took to Instagram to praise the Duchess’ mother. One fan, @audralou90 said: “Mama Doria is stunning.” Another fan, @adi_yaa added: “Doria is ageless.” Instagram account @amandinha_crystal wrote: “Doria is so beautiful and naturally elegant. I bet she is a very lovely person.”   Royal fan @saru_adline commented saying: “She looks amazing, and she looks so young.” Another Instagram user said: “Meghan’s mum looks better than ever. “Healthy, glowing, rested, vibrant and fit! They look like sisters.” Some royal fans believe Doria stole the show and even looked better than Meghan for the celebrative evening.  The Instagram account @mog1717 wrote: “Doria’s look was more appropriate for the event. You’re either a serious philanthropist or a showgirl. “While Meghan looks better than she has forever, the dress is badly fit across the bust and hips. “I would have loved it if it had ended where Doria’s did.” Another fan, @royalgossiponly added: “I think Doria looks the best. I love her look!” Meghan chose a bespoke silk gown by the black designer Christopher John Rogers. The Duchess marked her first public appearance of 2022 in the stunning blue ensemble, complete with elegant thigh split, asymmetrical neckline and cascading silk train.  Prince Harry also opted to champion black designers, looking dapper in a slick Ozwald Boateng tuxedo. The Duchess styled her glossy raven hair in voluminous curls, swept to one side to compliment the striking one-shoulder design of her dress. She accessorised with dramatic chandelier earrings and Celeste 105 crystal-embellished leather sandals from AQUAZZURA, adding a gorgeous smokey eye, glowy blush and timeless nude lip to finish her look. Meghan also wore a cuff bracelet with blue stones from Princess Diana’s jewellery collection, as well as her gold ‘Love’ bracelet from Cartier. 