Simba is one of the top bed-in-a-box brands in the UK, but with the top-tier quality comes a high price - so it's smart to keep your eyes peeled for a sale. In order to help you get a better nights sleep, Simba has slashed the prices of their best selling mattresses and bundles by up to 45 percent off mattresses and bundles. Everything from the crowd-pleasing Hybrid to the ultra-comfortable Luxe mattress is included in the sale, as well as bed frames and bundles full of the sleep essentials that will allow you to buy everything you need for an enhanced nights sleep. Specifications: Depth: 25cm | Layers: 5 | Trial: 200 nights | Guarantee: 10 years | Sizes: kids, single, small double, double, king, super king, EU single, EU double, EU queen. The original Simba mattress that helped the brand make a name for itself as a premium mattress brand, this one is a true crowd-pleaser, and the least expensive of the three models Simba offers. Buy on Simba here. Specifications: Depth: 27cm | Layers: 7 | Trial: 200 nights | Guarantee: 10 years | Sizes: kids, single, small double, double, king, super king, EU single, EU double, EU queen. After the success of the original Hybrid mattress, Simba decided to take things up a notch with the launch of the Hybrid Pro. The Pro has double the Aerocoil® springs of the original mattress for extra comfort, bringing the total to 5000, and a layer of wool for temperature regulation. Buy on Simba here. Specifications: Depth: 30cm | Layers: 10 | Trial: 200 nights | Guarantee: 10 years | Sizes: kids, single, small double, double, king, super king, EU single, EU double, EU queen. The Hybrid Luxe Mattress is one of the most luxuriously high-tech mattresses on the market, with ten back-saving layers that make this one their most advanced model yet. As well as having the double-stacked titanium Aerocoil spring layers at the top, and another layer on the base, this mattress also has a bamboo-infused wool layer for unparalleled temperature and moisture control for those hot nights. Buy on Simba here. If you don’t just want a mattress from this sale, you’ll be pleased to know that you can also get a bundle with a major discount. The Ultimate sleep bundles comes with a bed base, a Hybrid mattress, two Hybrid pillows, a Hybrid duvet, and a mattress protector - so pretty much every item you need for a good nights sleep. Buy on Simba here. If you’ve already got a sturdy bed base you’re partial to, you could opt for the Hybrid Sleep bundle instead that comes with the Hybrid mattress, two Hybrid pillows, a Hybrid duvet and a mattress protector. Buy on Simba here. Before you snap up one of these deals, you’ll need to figure out which mattress is for you. The three you’ll be choosing between are the Hybrid, the Hybrid Pro, and the Hybrid Luxe. All three have certain features in common, including: But there are also some key differences. The Simba Hybrid is the original classic and most inexpensive of the three, with five layers that give it a depth of 25cm and one layer of up to 2,500 titanium Simba Aerocoil microsprings. The Simba Hybrid Pro is priced in between the original Hybrid and the Luxe model, with seven layers that make it 28cm deep and two layers of up to 5,000 titanium Aerocoil microsprings for extra support. With the Hybrid Pro you also get an additional wool layer that helps regulate body temperature and wicks away moisture for a breathable sleep surface. The Simba Hybrid Luxe is the latest and greatest mattress you can buy from Simba, and although it is the most expensive it has also been made using the most advanced technology for superior comfort and support. The Luxe has 10 layers that make it 31cm deep, and two layers of up to 5,000 titanium Aerocoil microsprings for ultimate comfort, plus another 1,000 steel Aerocoil® springs for extra support - giving you the best of both worlds. The Luxe also has the wool moisture-wicking wool layer for temperature regulation, but it has also been infused with bamboo for additional comfort. While you really can’t go wrong with a Simba mattress as they’re all superior models, if you’re interested in more support it’s worth looking into the Hybrid Pro or the Luxe, but if you think the support from the original Hybrid will be enough for you there’s no real need to spend the extra money. You can also take advantage of Simbas 200 night in-home trial if you’re on the fence about which one is right for you.