The Duke of Sussex has penned a tell-all book about his life which is set to be released later this year. Royal author Duncan Larcombe said tensions between Harry and his father and older brother are likely to continue until the memoir comes out. Mr Larcombe told OK! magazine: “We don’t yet know if or how strongly he’ll slate his father and brother in the book. "It’s hard to imagine what might be coming, but until that book hits the shelves, the stalemate is highly likely to continue.” Harry laid bare his rift with the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge during his and Meghan Markle's Oprah Winfrey interview last year. Of his father, Harry said "there's a lot of hurt that's happened" but he would "continue to make it one of my priorities to try and heal that relationship". Harry added of his older brother: "You know, as I've said before, I love William to bits. He's my brother. "We've been through hell together. I mean, we have a shared experience. But, you know, we're on different paths. "The relationship is space, at the moment. Time heals all things, hopefully." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's personal nickname for Prince Harry laid bare  The Duke of Sussex is set to release his memoir in late 2022 but an exact date has not been confirmed. When the book was announced, Harry insisted it would be an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. He said in a statement: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. DON'T MISSKate and William 'honour at stake' as Cambridges battle it out [ANALYSIS]Harry likely 'very worried' for Queen as royals remain tight-lipped [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's 'spin-doctors swung into action' over legal battle [VIDEO] "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful." The royals are likely to be bracing for the release of Harry's book. The Duke of Sussex is living in California after he and Meghan quit royal duties in March 2020. Speculation is high over whether he will return to the UK in June for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Harry is suing the Home Office in a row over police protection for his family in Britain. 