Poundbury is a small extension of Dorchester in Dorset, built in an area owned by the Duchy of Cornwall, which is managed by Prince Charles. The area is home to approximately 3,800 residents, who have to comply with a “design code” when they buy properties there and move in. Under that code, properties’ windows can only have wooden frames and all other materials are not allowed, for conservation reasons. Residents of Poundbury are reacting to this rule, suggesting that wood is a poor choice for windows framing and that the rule is “outdated”. The residents have formed the “Window Group”, as they call it, to try and have the code amended. Members of the group suggest that contemporary materials such as uPVC look just as good and are much more efficient than wood. Peter Norster, a resident of Poundbury and member of the group told Express.co.uk: “The code was written some 40 years ago when PVC windows were considered unattractive. “Now, PVC windows are used in conservation areas all over the country. “We have formed this pressure group because we think that the rules are outdated and we want the Duchy to be a little more flexible in what they allow us to fit on our houses.” The group sent out a survey to fellow residents of the area, and received 240 responses. Out of these, some 220 were positive that the code must change to allow more materials other than wood. READ MORE: ‘Unfit tribute’ Roundabout statue of Queen Mother blasted by localsRoyal snub: Prince Charles' plans for ‘kingdom’ cast asideWhy Prince Charles faced 'considerable risk to his reputation' According to Mr Norster, if a resident doesn’t follow the code, when they come to sell their property they have to declare that they have undertaken work that wasn’t approved. In that event, Norster suggested that the residents would potentially be asked by the Duchy to replace all the windows before they sell until the property complies with the regulations. He added: “We're asking for the rules to be modified to suit modern design windows and doors. “We are not trying to have a go at Prince Charles or embarrass the Duchy - we just want to be given an option. DON'T MISS: Royal fury: Why Prince Charles 'sparks fear' when he visits PoundburyPrince Charles cracks down on illegal building in PoundburyPrince Charles’s 'Scottish Poundbury' development being reviewed