Andrey Rublev offered his thoughs on Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine by writing 'no war please' on a TV camera after reaching the final of this year's Dubai Tennis Championships on Friday. The 24-year-old came from behind to defeat Hubert Hurkacz in their semi-final meeting and will face either Jiri Vesely or Denis Shapovalov for the coveted trophy later this week.  Rublev went on to write the message on a nearby camera in the immediate aftermath of his victory in a public display of support for the enemies of his native Russia. Ukraine was invaded by Russian troops in the early hours of Thursday morning after weeks of tension between the two nations finally escalated into a full-scale military operation. Rublev's gesture comes after he initially weighed in on the situation in Ukraine following his quarter-final win over Mackenzie McDonald earlier this week. "In these moments you realise that my match is not important. It's not about my match, how it affects me," he said. "What's happening [in Ukraine] is much more terrible. You realise how important it is to have peace in the world and to respect each other no matter what, to be united. JUST IN: Djokovic blasts BBC over controversial interview - 'I was humiliated'  "We should take care of our earth and of each other, this is the most important thing." Several sporting figures have voiced their opposition to Russia's incursion as of late, with Rublev having joined a select group of high-profile Russian athletes to condemn the actions of his country. Daniil Medvedev, who will sit atop the world rankings for the very first time when they are updated on Monday, insisted that he was not happy when quizzed on the matter on Thursday. "By being a tennis player I want to promote peace all over the world," said Medvedev after reaching the semi-finals of the Mexican Open.  "We play in so many different countries. I've been in so many different countries as a junior and as a pro. "It's just not easy to hear all this news. I'm all for peace." A handful of Russian athletes from other sports have also joined Rublev and Medvedev in speaking out against the country's invasion of Ukraine in recent days. Chess great Garry Kasparaov took to Twitter to slam Russian president Vladimir Putin with a damning take on the situation after the news broke on Thursday. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "Every dollar in trade with Russia since he invaded Ukraine in 2014, every Euro of corrupt deals with his cronies, helped Putin build the war machine he is using to slaughter civilians in Europe today," said Kasparov. "Now you must help Ukraine fight against the monster you helped create. "There's no going back in time, but I hope those who ignored, downplayed, and appeased Putin for so long feel some shame today. "Enough at least to do everything possible to stop him now."