Stewart Bevan, who played Professor Clifford Jones in Doctor Who, has tragically died at the age of 73. He starred opposite Jon Pertwee's third Doctor in 1973.  Katy Manning, who played the Doctor's companion Jo Grant and was also previously engaged to Stewart, announced his death on social media. "The most beautiful man poet actor screenwriter husband & father to @CoralBevan @Misswendybevan went on his awfully big adventure,” she wrote on Twitter. "He was the love in my life for many years on & off screen & our wonderful friendship continued to the end." The pair were also in a relationship on-screen, as Katy’s character left the series to marry Stewart’s. READ MORE: Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap Appearing in the tenth series of Doctor Who for six episodes, Professor Clifford was a Welsh biologist who helps the Doctor defeat an oil plant run by a megalomaniacal supercomputer. Stewart also had a role in Emmerale as Ray Oswell, and appeared in films including The Scouting Book for Boys, Chromophobia, and Spy Story. He is survived by his two daughters, Coral and Wendy Bevan. Katy’s friends and fans showed their support in the comment section of her tweet. Nicola Bryant wrote: “Darling Katy, So sorry to hear your news. What a huge hole he will leave in your life. “So glad you got to share so much love and laughter together through the years. All my love to you and to Stewart’s family and friends.” Dominic added: “I’m so sorry for your loss Katy, sending my condolences to you.” READ MORE...David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE] Matthew penned: “So sorry to hear this, Katy. It was wonderful seeing you both working together again in recent years. My thoughts are with you and Stewart's family.” Stewart got his first big break after a window dresser at a menswear shop he worked at told him an amateur dramatics group he attended in the evenings was looking for more members. He joined the group and participated in a drama festival, playing Alec in a production of Still Life, for which he won an award for Best Actor. After enrolling at theatre school he became friends with fellow actor Michael Des Barres and they auditioned for films together, including To Sir, With Love, which they both won parts in. Stuart played an unnamed schoolboy in the film, which also starred Sidney Poitier, who died last month. In 2019, Stewart reprised his role as Professor Clifford opposite Katy in a trailer for the Doctor Who Season 10 Blu-Ray box-set. In the same series the former couple featured in a documentary where they revisit the filming locations for The Green Death. Meanwhile in, 2020, the pair starred in another trailer as their Doctor Who characters, this time for the Season 8 Blu-Ray box-set. 