Andy Murray has hinted that he will announce a new coach “in the next few days” after a chop-and-change number of months in his team. The world No 89 parted with his long-time coach over the off-season and started a trial period with Jan De Witt before calling it off and finding last-minute mentors for his last few tournaments. After crashing out of Dubai, he revealed he had found a short-term solution. Murray parted ways with Jamie Delgado, his coach of more than five years, over the off-season. The British coach had started working with Murray in 2016, the year he won Wimbledon, the Olympics and finally clinched the year-end No 1 ranking. Delgado joined the team of world No 14 Denis Shapovalov and has already enjoyed success with the young Canadian who won the ATP Cup alongside Felix Auger-Aliassime and made the Australian Open quarter-finals. Meanwhile, the three-time Major champion took on German coach Jan De Witt for a trial period, which saw him make his first final in more than two years at the Sydney ATP 250 while he also suffered a disappointing second-round loss at the Aussie Open to qualifier Taro Daniel. JUST IN: Zverev releases statement after disqualification for angry outburst  Shortly after, the 34-year-old announced that he would not be extending his trial period with De Witt and would be without a full-time coach for his next few events, which at the time included Marseille, Doha and Dubai. Murray was joined by Dani Vallverdu at the three events, his former mentor who now coaches Stan Wawrinka full time and is helping the Swiss star come back to tour from injury. He was also set to have retired British pro Colin Fleming join his camp in Doha but the former doubles No 17 tested positive for Covid and was unable to join him. Having crashed out of the Dubai Duty Tennis Championships in the second round, the current world No 89 has now revealed he has a short-term coaching solution to give him some stability until the grass-court season. DON’T MISSZverev releases statement after disqualification for angry outburstTennis player retires after freak injury leaves him with eye patchZverev faces lengthy suspension and huge fine for Mexico Open tirade  Murray has already confirmed that he will be skipping the clay-court swing this year after it caused him “issues” in previous seasons and is next due to play the sunshine double of the Indian Wells and Miami Masters 1000s. While he is yet to find someone to join him in America, the former world No 1 said he already had something in the works for his training stretch after the sunshine double. "I've spoken to a couple of people. I got some stuff lined up post Miami,” he told reporters after his 7-5 6-2 defeat to Jannik Sinner. “Not for the Miami/Indian Wells stretch. I still need to find someone to cover that time - obviously someone to cover a majority of the weeks." Hinting that he would make an announcement in the coming days, Murray added: "I have someone in the short-term who's going to help me through until the grass season. You guys will be hearing about that in the next few days, I'd imagine." The 2017 Dubai champion also criticised his mentality in his one hour and 44-minute loss to the world No 10, admitting the match ran away from him when he was broken at the end of the first set. "No tiredness. Frustration obviously. Didn't feel like I played a good match,” he said of his performance. “Had some opportunities at the end of 1st set. Then, the game I got broken at 5-5, I think I missed all four first serves in that game. Then responded poorly to that mentally. "Got down a break early in the second. Mentally was not great from that point. Crucial part of the match, a little bit of adversity, and I didn't respond well to it. I'm going to have to fix that, work on that, and hopefully do better next tournaments."