Pensions used to be protected by the triple lock system, which would ensure that they would increase yearly by either the inflation rate or 2.5 percent - whichever was higher. However, Rishi Sunak’s decision to scrap the triple lock this April removes this guarantee, and pension is instead set to increase by 3.1 percent - well below the 7.25 percent of inflation forecasted by the Bank of England. This marks the biggest cut to state pension in real terms for 50 years. This, combined with rising fuel costs exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, means that April’s increase won’t cover higher petrol prices for pensioners. The state pension is set to rise by just £221 in April. However, analysis by the Labour Party suggests that motorists face spending an additional £230 on petrol or diesel in the same month. Average prices for fuel have risen by roughly 29p a litre since last February. This has been made worse by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which has resulted in a reduction in the supply of petrol and diesel. The Labour Party’s analysis found that the average pensioner uses 794 litres of fuel every year. Assuming prices remain at least 29p a litre higher, their yearly fuel bills will increase by £230. Motoring groups have slammed the decision. They state that it could force the most hard-pressed pensioners to cut back on heating or eating just to keep cars running. Many of these pensioners rely on their cars for shopping or getting to critical medical appointments. READ MORE: Fury over 'ludicrous' price hike at the only car park for miles [INSIGHT] The AA's Luke Bosdet told the Daily Mail: “These hikes in fuel prices and other motoring costs can place a particularly heavy burden on pensioners who rely on their cars for shopping, visiting friends and family and doctor or hospital appointments.” Those pensioners who are on fixed incomes are the most vulnerable to rising prices, and their protection against the soaring cost of living is limited. The transport spokesman for Labour Louise Haigh said: “This is a savage extra cost for millions of pensioners already facing the largest real terms pension cut in decades. “Energy giants are raking in billions and the Tories have chosen to put them before those being crippled by soaring prices.” DON'T MISS: Brexit BOOM: UK productivity leapfrogs pre-pandemic levels [INSIGHT]Priti Patel cancels Belarus visas for supporting Putin [ANALYSIS]Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error [REVEAL] Massive oil company BP made £9.5billion in profit last year, while Shell made £14.2billion. The cut to pensions in April when weighing the predicted 7.25 percent of inflation against the planned rise of 3.1 percent will be the most significant cut to state pension in real terms in 50 years. Pensioners will be seeing a cut in their earnings of £7.45 a week - equal to £388 a year.