The world of NCIS is showing no signs of slowing down in 2022, not only with the debut of NCIS Hawaii but also the announcement of a spin-off set in Sydney, Australia. With the Vanessa Lachey-led Hawaii sister show proving just as popular as the flagship CBS drama, fans were ecstatic to learn the two shows would take part in a one-off crossover event later this year. The news broke courtesy of the NCIS Hawaii cast and NCIS stars Wilmer Valderrama and Katrina Law in a video shared to the shows’ social media channel. “Listen, I am headed off to Hawaii to shoot a crossover event,” Nick Torres star Valderrama said at the start. Jessica Knight actress Katrina Law then weighed in: “I’ve also got something to tell you… I’m coming to Hawaii too.” NCIS Hawaii's leading lady Vanessa Lachey then gave the NCIS duo a traditional greeting as she appeared in the announcement video to say: “Aloha, Wilmer and Katrina. Time to meet the best host.” READ MORE: NCIS Sydney: Will Dwayne Pride return to NCIS in Australian spin-off? Ever since, the cast and crew have shared a handful of updates from the set of the highly-anticipated event. Even Valderrama and Lachey proved their friendship on and off-camera was strong as ever as they teased one another in a behind the scenes clip. However, in a new interview ahead of his writing debut in the CBS drama, Jimmy Palmer star Brian Dietzen had some rather disappointing news. While the likes of Jessica Knight and Nick Torres were the only two confirmed to be heading to Hawaii, hopes were still high among some fans that other members of the NCIS team would jet to the island. Sadly, Dietzen has confirmed Jimmy will not be appearing in the one-off special. Speaking to TV Line ahead of his writing debut in The Helpers, he said: “I was asked about that at the beginning of the year and I said, ‘Sign me up!’ “And then it came down to Wil and Katrina going.” However, Jimmy wasn’t the only NCIS star who narrowly missed out on a spot on the plane to take them to Hawaii. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 19: Vance daughter return confirmed after first-look snapsNCIS Sydney cast: Will Agent Ziva David return in new spin-off?NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star left emotional on set by co-star's performance “I believe Diona (Reasonover) is also going to be doing a scene,” he went on. “But from here [in California]. “So, no, not this season. But I’m holding out hope for next season. ”Maybe they’ll do it either at the beginning of the season or the very end, so I can parlay it into a couple of weeks there,” he concluded. So while Jimmy will have to stay put for this year, here’s hoping he’ll get his chance to meet Jane Tennant and her team next year. In the meantime, he faces a much more pressing issue closer to home in The Helpers. Jimmy and Kasie find themselves exposed to a deadly biotoxin, forcing them to call in Carol Wilson (Meredith Eaton) to try to find the antidote. At the same time, Jimmy’s daughter Victoria (Elle Graper) has joined him in the office and can only watch on as her father faces a race against time. Torres will have to be on hand to looks after Victoria, but will Jimmy make it out of the ordeal unscathed? NCIS season 19 returns to CBS in the USA on Monday, February 28. A UK release date is yet to be announced.