Cillian Murphy, 45, took the decision in 2015 to move back to Ireland with his family after 14 years in London. The Peaky Blinders star and his wife, artist Yvonne McGuinness, wanted to raise their children, Malachy, 16, and Aran, 14, in the actor’s homeland. However, being closer to his family was not the only factor that helped the couple make the decision. Cillian and Yvonne also sought to move away from “pressure of living in a massive city,” according to the Dunkirk star. About his current lifestyle, Cillian added to Esquire: “It’s quiet. I like it, where I am now in life. “Wouldn’t have been that exciting in my twenties.” About living near the sea, Cillian explained: “We’re quite close, and it does make you feel instantly decompressed in some way. “I think it’s good for the old Happiness Index.” But despite his move to a quieter place, Cillian is often unable to escape the attention that comes attached to his popularity. He confessed he finds people who take photographs and videos of him without asking "so f*****g weird". In a recent interview with The Observer, Cillian explained he "doesn't go out much" and is relieved when people are "underwhelmed" when meeting him. The Inception actor continued: "I'm always happy to chat. "What I don't like is people surreptitiously taking photographs, which someone said is like the amateur Stasi. "It's so f*****g weird. I've been sat on the tube and people have started filming me." DON'T MISS...Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [LATEST]Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [HEALTH]Gardeners' World's Monty Don worries fans with Longmeadow storm damage [UPDATE] He continued to explain: "I don't want to be like, 'poor f*****g celebrities', that is not what I'm trying to say. "I'm very happy and privileged and all of that. "But I think this thing of having cameras everywhere is something we need to sort out. "Or maybe I'm just old." Cillian, who likes to keep his family life private, has been married to Yvonne since 2004. The pair met at one of his rock band's shows in 1996. He started his performing career as the lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter of the rock band The Sons of Mr. Green Genes. Cillian turned down a record deal in the late 1990s and began acting on stage and in short and independent films.