According to new data from the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA), a record number of people over 70 years old are currently on the road. Britain’s oldest driving licence holder is now 108 years of age, with elderly drivers now accounting for around one in seven drivers. The data shows that over 5.7 million people aged 70 and over now have a full driving licence – up by 10 percent since March last year. Based on further data from QuoteZone, it found that elderly drivers may see their car insurance prices dramatically increase as they get older. Based on a sample of the cheapest Ford Fiesta drivers using the car for their own use, Quotezone’s figures show drivers would pay on average £303 in their 70s. This premium price would then rise to £436 when drivers reach their 80s. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers In practice, many older drivers pay significantly more because they put younger relatives on their policy or have more expensive cars. Greg Wilson, Founder of Quotezone.co.uk, commented: “The number of older drivers is rising rapidly as the waves of baby boomers celebrating their 70th birthday start to come thick and fast. “There is good news for people in the 70-79 age category as they enjoy the lowest car insurance premium of any age group, although they may be surprised to find that they face a hike in costs around the age of 80. “Even so, they will still be paying less than a 50-year-old – and much less than someone in their 20s.” DON'T MISSDrivers warned of £1,000 a year to park at work [SHOCKING]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [WARNING]Drivers 'refuse' to use new E10 petrol - 'It's like it's watery' [COMMENT] “Although a rise in premiums may be inevitable, there is still an opportunity to make savings, so older drivers should always make sure they use a price comparison site to shop around. “They could also consider switching cars to one with a smaller engine, to help lower costs.” The DVLA data found that the biggest group of elderly drivers are those between 70 and 79 years of age. There are an estimated 4.2 million drivers in this age range, a rise of 11 percent since last March. The number of drivers in their 80s now stands at 1.4 million, up by nine percent. However, the biggest percentage increases have been in the oldest age groups, with the number of drivers aged between 90 and 99 rising by 12 percent to almost 133,000, and the number aged 100 and over up by 23 percent to more than 500. Mr Wilson continued, saying: “Drivers who are tempted to put younger relatives on their policy should remember that they will not only be paying more. “But if the younger person does have an accident in their vehicle, as the policyholder, they could lose their no-claims bonus. “There are also a number of things motorists can do to keep driving for longer, such as taking a driver refresher course, reviewing the highway code for changes and having regular eyesight tests. “As the number of older drivers increases in the coming years, improvements to vehicle technology should also make it easier and safer for them to stay on the road.” Previous data from Quotezone found that premium costs for younger drivers were actually bucking the trend and declining throughout the pandemic. Once drivers reach the age of 70, the DVLA requires them to renew their driving licence every three years, in order to ensure any changes in health are updated.