Announcing the invasion of his neighbouring country in the early hours of Thursday morning, Russia’s President warned any others who stepped in his way would suffer the consequences. He said: “Whoever tries to hinder us, and even more so, to create threats to our country, to our people, should know that Russia's response will be immediate. “And it will lead you to such consequences that you have never encountered in your history.” But France hit back, insisting Nato will not be pushed around. Asked whether Putin’s comments amounted to Russia threatening to use nuclear weapons, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said he believed they did. And in comments that raise fears of a nuclear war if Putin follows through on his threat, he added that NATO is also a nuclear alliance. According to Reuters, he said: “Yes, I think that Vladimir Putin must also understand that the Atlantic alliance is a nuclear alliance.” Mr Le Drian understood that the warning within his message was clear. He added: “That is all I will say about this.” Many have despaired at the speed with which world leaders have taken to threaten nuclear force following the announcement of Russia’s invasion. US writer Tom Peters said in a post on Twitter: “It was only a matter of time until exchanges like this began. “God help us all.” READ MORE: Putin 'paranoid' and risking death in 'blaze of glory' Former Nato Commander and retired Army General Wesley Clark has also predicted the possible use of nuclear weapons in the ongoing conflict. He told CNN yesterday, on Thursday: “Russia always anticipates a Nato involvement, and Russia plans to use some unconventional weapons, including a nuclear weapon if necessary, to frighten off Nato. “So this is no joke. “This is a real confrontation.” DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] Reports differ, but some suggest Russian troops are already in – or, at the least, on the outskirts of – Ukraine’s capital, Kiev. Larisa Brown, defence editor at the Times, reported the whole Ukrainian military could be destroyed “within 72 hours”. The launching of an invasion has led many to question whether Mr Putin’s grip on realist is “slipping”. Peter Hitchens, a Moscow correspondent at the time of the Soviet Union’s collapse, said in no uncertain terms: “Vladimir Putin turns out to be stark staring mad.” Asked whether Nato and Europe could continue to rule out sending troops to Ukraine, Mr Le Drian told reporters: “Strangling Russia economically and financially will in the long run be stronger than any intervention.” Threats of ever-increasing sanctions have, however, raised questions over the level of damage the West is willing to suffer in order to aid – or, at least, attempt to aid – Ukraine.