Every year billions of pounds in Carer’s Allowance, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Attendance Allowance are left unclaimed, according to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Millions of Britons could be missing out on this vital Government support. While official figures show that £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, a significant number of Britons are still unaware that they could be receiving more financial help. Pensioners are the group who are most likely to not be claiming all the benefits they are entitled to according to Age UK, but they are not the only ones. In total, millions of people are missing out on Carer’s Allowance, PIP and Attendance Allowance which could make them thousands of pounds a year better off. Furthermore it could enable them to get free prescriptions and help towards paying their energy bills. READ MORE: ‘Relief' for Amazon customers as retailer gives Visa credit card update Almost half a million people (400,000) could be losing out when it comes to Carer’s Allowance which could see them up to £3,515 a year better off. To be eligible for this extra financial support, people need to be caring for someone for 35 hours or more a week. Eligibility assessments aren’t usually necessary like they are for PIP. However applicants will need to discuss the idea with the person they are caring for as it could affect their benefits. DON'T MISSBasic Income pilot to provide 500 people with £19,200 a year [UPDATE]'Why is money deducted from my state pension?' New guide explains [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis: Can you beat hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell? [ANALYSIS] Some 2.8 million people are currently receiving PIP, thousands more are missing out. They could be owed £608 a month to help them meet the higher cost of living. PIP payments are for UK residents who are living with a health condition or disability and are paid by the DWP. The amount of PIP someone receives depends on how much their condition affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Attendance Allowance is money for people of state pension age who have care needs because of a physical or mental disability. Almost three and a half million (3.4 million) pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which could help them meet extra costs that come from having a disability. Depending on the level of care required claimants could receive £60 or £89.60 a week to help with their care. Attendance Allowance is for pensioners who are physically or mentally disabled as long as they have reached the state pension age of 66 and have needed help for at least six months, unless they are terminally ill. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons can check their eligibility of these benefits on Gov.uk where there is a useful benefits calculator. It's still worth applying even if someone has been turned down before, especially if their circumstances have changed. People might be able to get help with filling out the forms from the DWP, Citizen's Advice or Age UK. If they prefer, individuals can call 0800 328 5644.