Claudia Winkleman was joined by actor Stephen Graham on her BBC Radio 2 show on Saturday. The Line of Duty star was invited on to discuss his latest film Boiling Point however the actor was forced to apologise after fearing he’d sworn before Claudia stepped in to stop him from swearing again. Kicking off the interview, Claudia said: “We need to discuss Boiling Point, we need to discuss Time, we need to discuss many things but first what is your news at 10?” Talking about his children, Stephen replied: “My news at 10 this week is Grace got an A in her philosophy and ethics exam.” “Stop it!” Claudia exclaimed. “Very clever girl.” “I was very pleased with her she was dead nervous and she did brilliantly,” he added. Read more: BBC News journalist cuts off report as air raid siren fires “Alfie is learning to snowboard with his mate Pete spent most of his time on his a**e…” Stopping in his tracks, Stephen said: “Sorry,” and Claudia added: “It’s okay you’re allowed to say that.” The actor then corrected himself: “Fell over a lot I was mean to say but now he’s good, now he can…” Claudia sensed Stephen was going to swear and interrupted him. “I’m terribly sorry for all viewers out there it was a slip of the tongue,” the actor apologised. Correcting him, the Strictly Come Dancing presenter said: “All listeners.” “Viewers? Not even viewers now I’m all in a tiz now I’ve gone dead panicky,” Stephen quipped. “I’m starting to sweat and perspire. I apologise profusely.” DON'T MISSBBC viewers slam ‘car crash’ interview with James Heappey 'Appalling!' [VIDEO]Victoria Derbyshire skewered by James Heappey on BBC Breakfast [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville's future on BBC show [INSIGHT] As Claudia attempted to move the interview on, Stephen whispered: “Have I offended anybody?” “No you haven’t you need to immediately stop speaking,” Claudia replied. Stephen shares two children with his wife Hannah Walters. The couple met when they were both students at Rose Buford College of Speech and Drama in London. They were friends for years before entering into a relationship and later tied the knot in 2008. Stephen previously revealed he and Hannah became close when he had a breakdown in the early Noughties and tried to take his own life. Speaking on Radio Four’s Desert Island Discs, he said: “This is kind of where Hannah came into my life properly. She knew what had happened. She was always in close contact with my mum.” Claudia Winkeman’s BBC Radio 2 show airs on Saturdays at 10am.