Manchester United legend Peter Schmeichel thinks that the Red Devils are in a serious battle with just one club for fourth place in the Premier League, snubbing Antonio Conte and his Tottenham side in place of an Arsenal side in 'great form'.  United currently sit in fourth, four points ahead of next best challengers West Ham and Arsenal. Ralf Rangnick has stopped the rot that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was starting to show signs of since his appointment in December. The German manager has racked up a total of just one loss from a possible 12 league fixtures, claiming 25 points from a possible 36 in the process. But despite Arsenal being four points behind, they have three games in hand on United. Yet Schmeichel does not believe this is a problem, preferring points on the board than games in hand.   And his comments mean that Conte's Tottenham side have been completely snubbed from the conversation, despite their 3-2 win over Manchester City on Saturday evening. "I think Arsenal have shown some great form," the Danish legend admitted to the BBC. "But actually, on current form in the last five games, Man United are a little bit better than Arsenal. It’s hard to see but they are. "I think having the points on the board rather than games in hand [is more important]."   United have an admittedly tough end to the season, including Manchester City, Tottenham, Liverpool and Leicester all to come in their next five league games. But Schmeichel still believes the Red Devils are picking up sufficient points here and there, despite rumours of dressing room unrest. "Manchester United in periods [where they have] no success is a great, great story and you will read so many things," he continued.  "People behind the scenes saying this is coming out of the dressing room, there’s division, all of this we know has happened time and time again. "And the thing is, once you’re inside the training ground, Old Trafford, you stay close, you never tell anybody anything. So these stories, they’re literally just taken out of thin air." United take on Watford at Old Trafford on Saturday, with the squad keen to avenge their 4-1 loss in November which signalled the end of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's tenure. 