I am over 50 now and during my time on this earth I have listened to this assertion all my life. Throughout The Troubles we were told a United Ireland was coming as the IRA bombed and murdered our fellow countrymen. It didn’t. Then the centenary of the Easter rising of 1916 was going to be the date by which it would happen. It didn’t. Now yet again we are told it will come as a result of Brexit. Like the SNP in relation to an Independent Scotland, Sinn Fein is myopic about a united Ireland. Regardless of whatever else needs attention, it is a united Ireland Uber alles as the Germans would say. The latest assertion that a United Ireland is closer is made in the context of Brexit and the Northern Ireland protocol. The argument goes that due to the Northern Ireland Protocol the population of NI should see its future not within the United Kingdom, the 5th largest global economy but within a United Ireland. The argument doesn’t hold much water because of course if the population of NI were to cut off their nose to spite their face and vote for a United Ireland, the protocol would be gone and we would have the same access to GB as the rest of European Union would have. Doh! The reality is that since Brexit the United Kingdom has never been more important to NI, but our potential as part of the UK has been stunted by the NI Protocol. If the Protocol was dealt with, we could enjoy the benefits of Brexit along with the rest of the UK. Regular readers of my column will know that the NI Protocol is something that has to be dealt with. It creates a border internally in the United Kingdom single market which has existed since the Act of Union of 1801, creates increased costs for consumers in Northern Ireland and reduces the choice we have to goods from GB. The Protocol itself indicates that if economic, societal or environmental damage is caused to NI by its operation then either party to the agreement - ie. the EU or the UK Government - can trigger an Article 16 process to deal with the problems. Back in July last year our Government said the conditions existed to trigger Article 16 but for some inexplicable reason they have not and so the British citizens of NI continue to suffer and the opponents of the Union, Sinn Fein are allowed to use the protocol as propaganda. The Prime Minister must act if he cares about the operation of the Union and the wellbeing of its citizens regardless of where they live in the UK. When the Union works it works very well as we have seen through the Covid pandemic with the UK being the first nation in the world to roll out a vaccine programme, and we in NI were thankful beneficiaries of that. I was able to welcome the Prime Minister to Enniskillen, the most western vaccine centre in the UK, to see how his programme was helping to control the spread of the virus. Northern Ireland has so much to offer in terms of living standards, entrepreneurial flair, innovative companies, clever young people and it is a beautiful place to live. But none of this is talked about by Irish republicans as all they want to talk about is the road to a United Ireland. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Irish republicans like Scottish nationalists are very happy to take the benefits of being a part of the United Kingdom and in some case shamefully try and pass the benefits off as being somehow related to their governance of either NI or Scotland. The truth is that if there was to be a United Ireland in the morning the people who live there would be worse off financially and they would not have access to services that they take for granted whilst living in the UK whether that be in healthcare, education or welfare. On the rare occasion when Sinn Fein are challenged about their economic case for a United Ireland (spoiler – there isn’t one) they simply say that the UK has a duty to make sure the process would happen smoothly, which is Irish for the Brits will pay! In Northern Ireland the Sinn Fein rhetoric is constant, despite the fact that when you look at polling, support for nationalist parties is actually decreasing rather than increasing. Like their Scottish counterparts they are masters of spin and the sad reality is that the mainstream press do very little to challenge their bombast. So let's be clear, there is no economic, rational, case for people in Northern Ireland to vote to become part of a United Ireland and no matter how many times Sinn Fein and others say there is won’t make it so. I have an idea - stop looking for Never Neverland and start advocating for the wellbeing and prosperity of the people of Northern Ireland within the United Kingdom. The Union that works.