The Repair Shop star Jay Blades posted a poignant-looking photo of himself with his head bowed down. Before fans rushed to the rescue of the dejected-looking star, he assured them he wasn't sad - but just wanted to pay his respects to them and others who have supported him  "THOUGHT OF THE DAY. Good morning all, I'm 52 today and I wanted to post this photo with my head down," he captioned his post.  He added reassuringly: "Don’t worry, I’m not sad."  "I'm doing this as a mark of respect to EVERYONE that got me here. Thank You."  He then hashtagged the post with the goodwill message: "#happybirthdayeveryone". READ NOW: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death Jay's warm wishes were reciprocated by fans who flooded the post with sweet comments in return. "Enjoy this day, Jay. Respect to you fella for the joy you bring to thousands of people," wrote @never2oldfurniture. @jacquelinerooneyart added: "Happy birthday to you @jaybladesmbe you deserve every success and happiness today & always." @elizabeth.roberts594 echoed: "Happy Birthday hope it’s filled with love and laughter x." Plus @kmashwell, who branded him an "inspiration", revealed: "It’s my birthday too!" @ruby2_073 sent over a cake emoji, reminding him not to be too humble for his success, urging: "I hope you include yourself in your thank-yous x". Jay got involved in some self-positivity too when he wrote on the app: "We don’t stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes a decision and a commitment to consistently work on ourselves." He later thanked The Repair Shop team for their chocolate cake selection box and flowers, posting a photo of the gifts he'd been sent to express his gratitude. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [DEBATE] Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing [LATEST] Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan [INSIGHT]  "Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold," he wrote, before adding: "Thank You @therepairshop.tv Team for my flowers & Treats." In his birthday post, Jay made it clear to viewers that his bowed head pose wasn't to signify he was going through a tough time. However, before he spoke, eagle-eyed fans who'd been watching the progress of The Repair Shop's filming schedule might have had a reason to believe that Jay's melancholic demeanour in the snap was real. There was a monumental setback for the entire crew over the weekend when Storm Eunice swept the nation and called a halt to production on the much-loved BBC show. Will Kirk took to Instagram last Friday to share the bad news, captioning a post of himself atop a fence with the ominous words: "The calm before the storm." "Filming at the barn has been cancelled today due to #stormeunice," he elaborated. "I'm hoping it's not going to get blown away like in The Wizard of Oz! I hope you're all keeping safe!"