Every time he says in the Commons that he delivered Brexit, he treats the House with contempt. Let’s be clear – Boris Johnson has not delivered Brexit. Northern Ireland is to a significant extent left behind in the EU. Our fishing waters remain open to European boats. Our borders are not secure from illegal immigrants. We are signed up to the European Arrest Warrant and the European Convention on Human Rights. The list goes on and on. He has promised the EU we will not change domestic law to remove the commitment made by Mrs May on her way out of No. 10. It was bad enough that she put it into domestic law. Johnson gilded the lily and put Net Zero into international law. This is a commitment which, by the Treasury’s own estimates, will cost £1.4 trillion. Pause and think about that number ‑ £1.4 trillion! That is the equivalent of 70 percent of our entire national debt. It is virtually equivalent to the entire corporation tax taken between now and 2050. It makes the recent controversial increase of 1.25 percent in National Insurance, at £12billion a year, a rounding error. Rightly, the electorate is exercised by the recent rampant increase in fuel costs and inflation. We have a cost of living problem. We have, in fact, had this problem for many years but the collateral damage to supply chains from lockdowns has sent it through the roof. When the cost of living increases, the poor and working classes are hit the hardest. Every pound of increase represents a much bigger proportion of their earnings than it does for the wealthy. So, if the Prime Minister was ever serious about levelling up, he would not institute policies and taxes which increase the cost of living. His obsession with Net Zero and the undertaking he has made on behalf of the United Kingdom to the EU is going to weigh very heavily on our economy, the working classes and the poor for at least the next 30 years. Lord Frost was absolutely right to insist the Prime Minister temper his enthusiasm for Net Zero. He was absolutely right that we need a bonfire of regulations and taxes to liberate the British economy. But he seems to have forgotten the terms of the deal he himself negotiated. Can he not remember the contents of pages 179, 201 and 202 of his Trade and Cooperation Agreement? Lord Frost aside, Johnson’s Brexit deal makes it impossible for the UK to become a deregulated low tax economy. This is not a short term issue. It will continue for as long as his deal does. So, when Johnson says he has delivered Brexit and wants to level up, deregulate and cut taxes he is in contempt. Ultimately his contempt is not just for Parliament but for the British people. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea