Under the current rules, it's up to each local council whether they introduce a Clean Air Zone fee, what vehicles are affected and how much they are charged. However, James Attwood, editor of Move Electric warns a national scheme may soon be needed if schemes become “more commonplace”. He said under this national scheme, the rules and fees would be identical to ensure drivers knew where they stood. He said: “The Oxford Zero Emissions Zone is an important step in tackling urban air quality and is the first of its kind in the UK. “Other cities across the country are either considering or set to implement Clean Air Zones that would see higher polluting vehicles charged to enter, much like London’s existing Ultra Low Emissions Zone. “Currently, it’s up to local authorities to implement Clean Air Zones and Zero Emissions Zones. READ MORE: Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes “But as they become more commonplace, a discussion should be had whether the rules, fees and payment options should be the same across all cities to avoid confusing drivers and businesses operating nationally." New research from Move Electric shows 64 percent of the 1,202 drivers surveyed are in favour of introducing new zones. A total of 67 percent said they were keen to see their local city introduce fees in the future. The poll showed how Clean Air Zones can have a positive effect on the environment and growing EV sales. DON'T MISSResidents may not be able to get exemptions ahead of car tax changes  [INSIGHT]New car tax changes set to launch in Oxford [ANALYSIS]Nine roads to face car tax changes [COMMENT] A massive 45 percent of residents said the new charges were making them “more likely” to buy an electric car as their next vehicle Nearly a fifth of respondents said their local authority already had a similar zone in place or had announced plans to introduce one. The UK currently has three Clean Air Zones in operation in Bath, Birmingham and Portsmouth. London also has its own city-wide Congestion Zone and Ultra Low Emissions Zone charges. Each city has a different class rating meaning they affect cars and motorbikes in a different way. Only Birmingham and London’s charges hit private cars, while the other two cities focus more on businesses and private hire vehicles. Three more Clean Air Zones are expected to launch in 2022 in Bradford, Bristol and Greater Manchester. Oxford will also launch a Zero Emissions Zone later this month which will introduce fees for all non-fully electric models. Drivers can check if they need to pay a Clean Air Zone charge online. Drivers looking to check whether they need to pay to enter London’s ULEZ or Congestion Charge zone must check this on the Transport for London website.