After a questionable start to life in the Premier League, Jadon Sancho is starting to find some form at Manchester United. The English winger impressed against Leeds at the weekend and is improving with every performance. Expectations were high for Sancho after arriving from Borussia Dortmund for £73million. However, he failed to break into the starting eleven regularly under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and conclusions were drawn that the winger wasn’t meeting expectations at Old Trafford. But he has blown that assumption out of the water since Ralf Rangnick stepped into the dugout, registering two assists against Leeds on Sunday and putting in Man of the Match worthy performances. And those displays haven’t gone unnoticed, especially by Red Devils legend Rio Ferdinand. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation The former centre-back believes that Sancho has thrived due to the lack of competition he has for a starting spot on the left-wing. Speaking on his Vibe with Five Podcast, Ferdinand said: “For someone like Sancho, who has been searching for a bit of form and consistency, the fact that Mason Greenwood is no longer available and (A)Martial is no longer available. “There is not that big threat that I’m probably not going to play next week or he’s got a chance to play somebody else. “He might have been told behind the scenes, I would argue he probably has been told, you’re going to play now, you’re going to start every game. “Go make it your own shirt, that confidence lift and shift from looking over his shoulder to no I’m here to play is a big difference. “I think that is now why we’re seeing what we’re seeing from Sancho right now.” At just 21 years old, Sancho has the opportunity to become one of the first names on the team sheet at United for the foreseeable future, and Rangnick’s successor could potentially opt to build around the Manchester City academy graduate. The good form that the former Dortmund star is finding in the Premier League also boosts his chances of playing more regularly for England at the World Cup later this year. Ferdinand continued: “‘Adaptation to this league is very different, you watch German football, especially when he was (at Dortmund) the transition when he had to react to when his team lost the ball and probably intensity is nowhere near what it is like now. “It’s still adaptation, learning, new things and that is what happens when you go to a new club, especially a new country. It is to be expected. "But you’re not really afforded that time, especially when you’re a stature in terms of signings like he was.” It remains to be seen how Sancho improved between now and the end of the season and whether he will be able to help United to a crucial Champions League finish.