 Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield welcomed ITV viewers to Monday's instalment of This Morning by issuing a heartfelt message to Ukraine. Virtual Ukrainian flags were added to the background of the studio to pay tribute to the country after Russia declared a "full-scale" invasion which has left hundreds of civilians dead. However, the show's bosses have come under fire as the flags were the wrong way round.    Introducing the show, Phillip said: "Over the weekend, we've all seen the distressing images that continue to come out of Ukraine." "Well, there has been an outpouring of support across the world," Holly added. "Tearful protestors gathered in London over the weekend to express their anger at the Russian invasion." "Also the demonstrations in Berlin, Milan, Madrid, Tokyo," Phillip added. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch  "Even within Russia itself, it was reported that around 2,000 people were arrested. "You might have noticed that we've added some Ukrainian flags to our river view this morning to show our support and solidarity with the people of Ukraine. "If you are watching and you have friends or family there at the moment, we're just sending our best of love and our support." While viewers appreciated Holly and Phillip had paid tribute to Ukraine, some were left irritated the flags were hanging upside down.  Taking to Twitter, Attila Lengyel fumed: "Hey @thismorning! You should probably adjust those flags in the background to be the right way round. #ThisMorning." Luke Hayesll added: "There is only one flag that is facing the right way now. #ThisMorning." "You've only got one flag the right way round," @rmcgill19841 added. Nicole also said: "The Ukraine flags [are] the wrong way." DON'T MISS...Dancing on Ice Sally Dynevor faces backlash using chair  [LATEST]‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life [VIDEO]Holly Willoughby, Lorraine Kelly and Kate Garraway in new ITV project [UPDATE] However, other viewers showed their support to Ukraine, with Mahria adding: "My heart goes out to the whole of Ukraine #ThisMorning." Sue said: "There's support for Ukraine in the studio #thismorning." The Ukrainian flag can be hung vertically on public buildings, which must have the blue band to the left. However, in the This Morning studio, the yellow band of the flag was on the viewers' left.  During the instalment, Holly admitted she's been struggling to explain the Ukraine conflict to her young children named Harry, Chester and Belle. The 41-year-old shared a photograph of soldiers on her Instagram on Friday where she confessed she has found it difficult to answer their questions about the crisis. On Monday morning, the Ukrainian interior minister announced dozens of people have been killed with hundreds more wounded in rocket strikes by Russia on the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv. This Morning has been contacted for comment by Express.co.uk. This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 