The BBC Breakfast presenter issued an urgent appeal to concerned parents who were watching Monday's instalment of the news programme with their children as the show discussed Russian President Vladimir Putin's nuclear weapons. His warning came after his co-star Sally Nugent quizzed Defence Secretary Ben Wallace on Putin's threat of nuclear attacks on Ukraine.  Wallace appeared on Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast to update viewers on Putin ordering Russia's military leaders to put his country's nuclear arsenal on high alert. He explained to Nugent: "My 12-year-old was on the telephone to me after it was said because in this day and age it's all over the news." The minister continued: "This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, and remind the world, that he has a deterrent, he had a very big nuclear exercise last week which included firing missiles and showing the world he had these things. "[Putin] has reminded people he has nuclear weapons which start to set off people being worried, and secondly he's distracted [people] from what's going wrong in Ukraine. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch "We are all talking about it and he is clearly trying to get people's attention distracted from what is going on on the ground." Wallace's update comes after Putin declared a "full-scale" invasion of Ukraine last Thursday. Over the past few days, fighting has broken out in major cities across Ukraine, including the capital Kyiv. Ukraine’s health ministry declared on Sunday that at least 352 civilians have died.  Russia has claimed it has seized Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station, the largest in Europe, but Ukraine officials have denied this. Walker, who has hosted BBC Breakfast for six years, candidly told viewers he has spoken to his children, Susanna, Jessica and Joe, about the war. The presenter wanted to reassure viewers he was aware young children might be witnessing alarming topics, such as nuclear missiles, covered on Monday's BBC Breakfast. The 44-year-old stressed: "Mr Wallace talking there about having conversations with his own children. DON'T MISS...Dan Walker addresses major change with BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent [LATEST]Sally Nugent details ‘intense’ BBC Breakfast job interview [UPDATE]Sally Nugent blasted over 'daft' Ukraine crisis questions to Wallace [DEBATE]  "I think he said his 12-year-old rang him when Vladimir Putin was talking about nuclear weapons. "We are very much aware there are lots of people with young children watching this morning, getting ready for school, and it's difficult to have those conversations with your children." Turning towards Nugent, Walker continued: "I've done it, I'm sure you have with yours as well." Nugent, who is a mum-of-one who chooses to keep her child's name private, agreed with Walker.   The 50-year-old said: "It's scary, isn't it? Because as soon as you say the words nuclear weapons, it makes everybody, grown-ups too, really scared." 