First, I’m going to repeat the joke on the basis that you need to know what was said and how it was said. So, in a widely shared clip from his Netflix show Dark Materials, Carr, who’d already warned it contained terrible things, said: “When people talk about the Holocaust, they talk about the tragedy and horror of six million Jewish lives being lost to the Nazi war machine. “But they never mention the thousands of gypsies that were killed by the Nazis. No one ever wants to talk about that because no one ever wants to talk about the positives.” Cue the outrage. David Baddiel called it “racist and inhumane”. Others called for Carr to be cancelled. Social media went nuts. MPs joined in the fray, practically falling over each other in their rush to register their mutual disgust. Irish traveller and bare knuckle boxer, Paddy Doherty, said the joke  was a “disgusting insult”  to  the gypsies exterminated in the Nazi death camps and that Carr should be investigated by the police. But the most important comment of all came from Olivia Marks-Woldman, the Chief  Executive of Holocaust Memorial Day Trust. “We are absolutely appalled at Jimmy Carr's comment about persecution suffered by Roma and Sinti people under Nazi oppression, and horrified that gales of laughter followed his remarks,” she said. “The widespread ignorance of this recent history needs to be addressed and we urge everyone to learn more about the past and the experiences of Roma people today.” And there it is. How many of you have done that since Carr’s joke? Instead of shouting and screaming and saying how terrible it is, how many people have bothered to do what Mrs Marks-Woldman suggested and learned more about the persecution and murder of those gypsies? I have. Because I’m ashamed to say I hadn’t quite grasped the scale of this terrible injustice. What I also hadn’t grasped was just how many non-Jewish people were murdered in those Nazi  death camps. I didn’t know that, apart from the 6million Jews and the 200,000 Roma and Sinti gypsies, 1.8million non-Jewish Poles were murdered, along with 15,000 gay men and 250,000 disabled people. I didn’t know that mentally ill people were killed too, but now, because of Jimmy Carr’s joke, I do. Yes, I was disgusted, but I learned. And isn’t that the point – controversial jokes can open up dialogue? Comedy isn’t meant to be a tool to hurt people. Comics exist to make us laugh and to make us think, to challenge our prejudices, shake us out of our comfort zone. And to believe there’s something malicious in what they do misses the point. But there’s also a bigger question here – censorship, which in any form should terrify us all. If we censor comedy and jokes, as many this week are demanding, who would  be the censor? What would happen if a joke went too far? Who would decide that? Would it be a person? Would it be a committee? Because if we go there we’re getting into the realms of dictatorship and that surely is the opposite of democracy. It’s positively Orwellian. And the consequence of that would be to create a state where almost all humour is deemed to be distasteful. Is that what we want? To live in a society where many topics can’t ever be joked about. Think that sounds far-fetched? Actually, it’s already happening! One comic, Konstantin Kisin, a Russian-born stand up living in London refused to appear at a London university because before the gig – which was for charity – he was asked to sign a “Behavioural Agreement Form” forbidding him from telling jokes involving sexism, racism, ageism, homophobia, xenophobia, transphobia, biphobia, or religion. I mean, what the hell’s left? The event organiser said in a letter that Kisin could only tell jokes in a “respectful way” and had to provide a “safe space filled with joy” for the audience. Kisin’s response was to say he was brought up in the Soviet Union and that letter is precisely the kind he would have received there. Is this seriously the kind of society we want to live in? A few years ago, when he was just starting out, legendary US comic Chris Rock refused to do university campuses because he said they were too politically correct. So did Jerry Seinfeld, because he said students were way  too conservative (with a small c) and couldn’t cope with anyone being  offended. Yes, Carr’s joke was offensive. Yes it enraged and disgusted many people. But is the prejudice that currently exists about travellers and gypsies any less disgusting? Because let’s not pretend it doesn’t exist. Isn’t the point of Carr’s awful joke that it threw those prejudices into the spotlight? Don’t we have to respect his right to tell it, as well as his reasons for telling it. I’m asking these questions because I’ve been torn over this? My gut tells me Carr was wrong. My head tells me he should be allowed to tell it. Because we’re now hurtling towards a society where people live in a permanent state of being offended. They now take jokes personally and literally and that’s not how they are intended. But unless we want to be living in Orwell’s 1984 we must not censor what people say or the jokes they tell. Because censorship only gives more power to whatever it is you’re trying to censor.