Jamie Oliver opened up about his journey and explained he easily lost weight with a simple diet change. Jamie is a well-known TV chef who cooks the most delicious meals, but does he follow a healthy diet himself? The celebrity chef decided to slim down after he realised how unhealthy his life was: "I realised I hadn’t spent much time looking after myself. “I went back to school and started studying nutrition, started travelling to parts of the world to where people live the longest lives and started looking at their lifestyles. "That was the journey and it’s been amazing,” he explained on Loose Women. READ MORE: Weight loss: Woman loses 4 stone by cutting out 1 drink  But how did he do it? The chef admitted he changed his lifestyle completely, starting with his diet. He decided to cut down on one food which massively helped him slim down. Jamie explained: “I pushed meat down, pushed veggie up, got more sleep and more movement." Therefore, the chef focused on eating a very healthy diet and avoided meat as much as possible.  When Jamie started cooking healthier meals, he saw an instant transformation. "I lost 12 kilos quite quickly and I didn't do it through not eating. I ate a lot, more than I was used to,” Jamie said during an interview with Radio Times. He swapped large servings of meat for more vegetables. Jamie also recommended one food that helped him speed up the weight loss process: seaweed. The chef said: "I thought seaweed was hippy, globetrotting stuff but our ancestors ate seaweed. It has got a load of iodine and is the most nutritious vegetable in the world," he explained But what about snacks between meals? Jamie shared his favourite option to stay in shape: nuts. He explained: “They make you half as likely to have a heart attack. Feed them to your kids as well,” he recommended. Cutting down on booze and getting more sleep are other lifestyle changes Jamie decided to make. He said: "Your average Brit drinks booze. I’m not telling you what to do, but my rhythm now is only to drink at the weekend.  “It’s about a consciousness and knowing you’re doing something and being more mindful.”