Last year, when most of the nation was at home under lockdown, the number of domestic burglaries across the country dropped. However, as Covid restrictions ease, many will be venturing back to the office or away on holiday, leaving their property and valuables more vulnerable. Installing good home security can help to deter burglars and keep homes safe. Despite 15 percent of break-ins happening via an unlocked door, 16 percent of people admit to sometimes leaving their front door unlocked when they go out, with 16 percent sometimes leaving it unlocked when they go to bed. Plus, almost 29 percent leave their windows open when not at home, despite six percent of burglars gaining entrance through an open window. Experts at Bereco have provided a checklist for ensuring that windows and doors are as secure as possible. Whether Britons nipping to the office or going on holiday, it is always recommended that they lock all of their external doors and windows, especially ones on the ground floor. The experts said: “There are other simple precautions you can take to reduce your home’s chance of becoming a burglary target, one of which is not leaving valuables in plain sight. “An iPad sitting on a window sill, for example, may attract unwanted attention. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels “Another good precaution is checking in with your neighbours before travelling for extended periods.” By knowing that homeowners are not at home, neighbours may be able to spot suspicious activity more easily, which can be shared with you or the police as soon as possible. Make sure to inspect all windows regularly, particularly those on the ground floor. Look for any damage that could attract attention or any weak points that may make them easier to prize open. It’s also important to test all locking mechanisms to make sure they are working properly. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove mould from shower curtains [TIPS]Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [COMMENT]Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [EXPERT] Generally, burglars will look for opportunities where they won’t be seen and overgrown trees and bushes provide the perfect cover Make sure to clear any greenery that may block the homes’ windows and/or external doors from the view of neighbours. There are lots of great devices that can offer extra protection for a home. The experts said: “Devices such as window sensors that sound an alarm when triggered can provide some extra peace of mind. “Alarms are also a popular choice, offering round the clock monitoring for safety-conscious homeowners. “Security cameras can also be installed, with video doorbells becoming very popular in recent years.” However, for those on a budget who can’t quite stretch to the real deal, fake cameras can also act as a deterrent for passing burglars. For those who travel regularly, timer lights can also be a great investment. For peace of mind, be sure to look for a manufacturer with rigorous third party testing and certification. This ensures that the designs and enhanced security features effectively stand up to physical attack. Here are some safety features to consider when purchasing a new door or windows: Ask supplier about the locks they use, what testing have they had and what components they use Bereco’s timber front doors are made with handle or key-operated high-security multi-point espagnolette locks, alongside three star Neighbourhood Watch approved cylinders. Door chains can offer increased security against forced entry. Even for those not looking to replace their door, a chain could be added fairly easily to increase property safety. Viewing holes, also known as eye-viewers or door viewers, are another possible addition to doors for additional security.