Earlier this week, the UK Government unveiled a package of sanctions on Russian officials and businesses in response to Vladimir Putin's aggression in Ukraine. But Mr Ellwood told Express.co.uk that the Government needs to "do more" to defend Kiev, arguing that Mr Putin "will have factored in" the possibility of sanctions into his plan. He claimed that sanctions "rarely change the direction of travel", saying that they could even "play into [Putin's] hands". Accusing the Government of "failing to understand the bigger picture", the Chair of the Defence Select Committee implied that sanctions could push Mr Putin towards a trade alliance with China. He said that Russia is likely to "fill the vacuum" created by sanctions with Chinese trade opportunities. This comes after Mr Putin declared war on Ukraine earlier today. He launched a full-scale invasion of the country in the early hours of this morning, despite UK and NATO officials urging the Russian leader to reconsider an invasion. The UK Government froze the assets of five Russian banks and three billionaires, who have also been hit with travel bans. Speaking about the UK's approach, Mr Ellwood told Express.co.uk: "What needs to change immediately is our appetite to support our Ukrainian friends in need. "A sovereign state has been attacked, invaded by another sovereign state in Europe. "Are we going to sit back and watch? READ MORE: Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience "We've been so hesitant and risk-averse, for fear of antagonising Putin, failing to recognise that this plays into his hands. "We've had no coherent strategy to make this work, to author the trajectory of travel. "What we've done is we've attempted diplomacy and without an adequate carrot or stick to offer any leverage. "We've tried sanctions, which rarely change the direction of travel. DON'T MISS: Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience [ANALYSIS] 'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [REACTION] Britons furious over 'Brexit betrayer' Johnson as Farage backed for PM [REPORT] "History shows that as a method to adequately change events, there are mixed results. "Certainly, Putin will have factored in what would be thrown at him. "The biggest fault of the West is failing to understand the bigger picture of where Putin wants to take his country. "And when you appreciate that he's looking to pivot Russia away from the West towards China, then the introduction of sanctions simply plays into his own strategy, because he'll fill the vacuum with trade opportunities with his new friend in exchange for the scale of oil and gas. "If Kiev falls then history will ask why the West didn't do more." Mr Ellwood said that an alliance between China and Russia would be "game-changing", adding: "It takes us into a new era of instability, which points also to why our defence spending, our whole security apparatus needs urgent review. "The world is getting more dangerous not less. "And at the moment we are running away from the fight not standing up to it."