We’ve all heard about black cats being bad luck and many of us are bound by an unwritten law to salute magpies, but where do these rules come from? Express.co.uk chatted to Eclectic Witch and author of 'Mama Moon’s Book of Magic: A Life-Changing Guide to Spells, Crystals, Manifestations and Living a Magical Existence and Instant Magic Oracle: Guidance to all of life’s questions from your higher self', Semra Haksever (@mamamooncandles on Instagram), to find out the nine most common superstitions about animals. As we grow up, we pick up different superstitions that have usually been passed down through generations. You might have heard someone tell you that an itchy ear means someone’s talking about you, and this is an example of what witches and other mystics call an omen. Omens are signs from the universe or guidance and support from a higher power, whatever you believe in. Eclectic Witch Semra Haksever said: “Omens can often snowball in their appearance once you are aware of their significance. “Omens and their meanings are very much dependent on a co-existence with your own intuition, so it’s important to first listen to your inner voice before using other guides to interpret these signs.” Some of the most widely spread superstitions revolve around animals, and Semra breaks down the meaning of the nine most common in her book. READ MORE- Left and right ear superstitions - the 4 body sensation omens If a bird poops on you, you’re probably not going to be thrilled. However, Semra says this if a bird poops on you or anything you own, this is good luck! You must make a wish before you clean up the poo because good fortune is certainly coming your way. What do you want? This belief is said to come from Russia and the reason why it’s so ‘lucky’ could have come from the fact that the average person has a 0.02 percent chance of being pooped on by a bird. There are more than 10.8 million pet cats in the UK, with 26 percent of households owning at least one cat. Your chances of seeing a cat on your daily walks are pretty high, but it’s the colour that matters. Semra said: “White cats are a sign of fertility or that change is coming in your love life. “If a black cat walks towards you it’s a sign of good luck, and if it walks away from you it takes its luck with it.” You rarely see an owl in the UK, but there are five resident owl species in the UK. You normally see short-eared owls in Northern England and Scotland in the winter around wetlands and coasts. If you’re lucky enough to see an owl, this is an omen of success. Semra said: “If you see an owl three days after casting a spell, this means that your magic is working.” You might think seeing a snake is bad luck, but it’s quite the opposite. The witch said: “Snakes signify rebirth, new beginnings and transformation.” Horoscopes & love: Most ‘unique’ sign needs to look for one thing [INFORMER]Horoscopes & love: Scorpio warned of ‘surprising’ change [INSIGHT]How each star sign likes to unwind - according to astrology [EXPLAINER] You’ve probably come across the common modern nursery rhyme about magpies that goes: This rhyme comes from superstitions connected with magpies that date as far back as the early sixteenth century in the UK. The earliest version of this rhyme is: “One for sorrow, Two for mirth, Three for a funeral, And four for birth.” An extension of this early version goes adds: “Five for heaven, Six for hell, Seven for the devil, his own self.” Semra doesn’t count magpies - instead, she calls them “gatekeepers of the other dimension”. Saluting magpies is something we’re all told to do to show respect, greet the bird, and fend off bad luck… but Semra said a salute is an “acknowledgement of the metaphysical world”. A staggering 18 percent of Brits are scared of spiders, but seeing a spider isn’t necessarily a bad thing in the spiritual world. Semra explained: “If a spider shows itself to you it is telling you to be patient, your wishes are on their way to you. “To see your initials in a spider’s web signifies good luck forever.” About one million pairs of carrion crows live in the UK, and there are eight different species living here. The significance of an encounter with a crow lies in how many crows you see. If you see one, this is a warning to be extra vigilant. If you see two, this is good luck. If you see three, this means good health is coming, whereas four crows is a sign of wealth. Five crows are less lucky and predict sickness, and six is a sign of death.