Arsenal have a secret weapon in their pursuit of Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak. The Gunners will be in the market for at least one new forward this summer. And Isak is one of their top targets. Pierre-Emerick Aubameayng departed Arsenal in January, leaving just Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah as senior striker options for Mikel Arteta. But both Lacazette and Nketiah could be leaving this summer, with their contracts at the Emirates set to expire. Arsenal were interested in Isak last summer and again in January. However, Sociedad were not willing to negotiate any lower than his release clause of around £75million. JUST IN: Declan Rice has clear 'first choice' between Chelsea and Man Utd if he leaves West Ham  Spanish outlet Sport claims the La Liga side still hold the same stance but says Isak's poor season in front of goal could change their minds. The Sweden international has scored just four goals in 20 league appearances this term. Arsenal are claimed to have made fresh contact over signing Isak. However, the Gunners have told Sociedad they will not be paying the full release clause. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'tentative interest' in £50m striker who West Ham had bid rejected for [GOSSIP]Lionel Messi 'will return' to Barcelona as Maradona's son predicts imminent switch [QUOTES]Man Utd may get chance to hire better manager than Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino [OPINION]  Barcelona are also interested in Isak if they fail to land Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland. Barca are the preferred destination for Isak if he leaves Sociedad. But Arsenal's secret weapon could help them secure a deal. Former Gunners left-back Nacho Monreal currently plays alongside Isak at Sociedad.  Both players joined Sociedad in the summer of 2019 from Arsenal and Dortmund respectively. Monreal hasn't played a single game this season due to a long-term knee injury. So the 36-year-old will have plenty of time outside his rehabilitation to talk Arsenal to Isak. Monreal spent six-and-a-half years in north London, winning three FA Cups. He played alongside Gunners boss Mikel Arteta and became good friends with his fellow Spaniard.  Monreal was well liked by Arsenal supporters and left the club on good terms two-and-a-half years ago. The former Spain international has previously outlined his fondness for Arteta, claiming he "would have loved" to have played under him. Monreal always knew Arteta was going to become a manager, telling the Guardian in 2020: "Yes. You could see it. He was a leader, a captain. He expressed himself very well, spoke in every meeting, knowledgeably. "He communicated well. He was doing his badges, telling us his vocation was coaching. He was bright, tactically he understood, he grasped everything." Arteta will be hoping Monreal can have similarly nice words to say about him to Isak and sell the project Arsenal are currently building. 