The clocks change twice a year in correlation to seasons; moving back in autumn and forward in spring. Although this takes place every year, there’s still a risk it can catch you off-guard, so plan ahead and be prepared for the clock change this spring. To mark the start of British Summer Time (BST), clocks will go forward on Sunday, March 27 at 1am. This means daylight hours will increase, but it’ll feel like your Sunday morning lie-in has been cut short. BST will last until Sunday, October 30, in which the UK will return to operating on Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), meaning the clocks will move back an hour and daylight hours will reduce again. Most smartphones and computers will automatically adapt so you don’t have to worry about manually changing these. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton's £250,000 engagement ring from 'traditionalist' James You’d imagine there would be some kind of scientific explanation for this but surprisingly, this is not the case. The idea most notably stirred after British builder, William Willett, who, in 1907, started campaigning for days to be made longer in the summer so he could spend more time playing golf. After multiple attempts to pass a “Daylight Saving Bill” through parliament, Willett unfortunately never lived to see his idea be implemented as he died of influenza in 1915. However, the British Summer Time Act of 1916 was introduced instead in response to the German army turning its clocks forward to conserve energy during World War One. The concept still remains and has been in full force ever since. Many other countries across the world also carry out the practice, but they know it as ‘Daylight Saving Time (DST)’. Although, it’s been up for debate whether to continue with it. DON'T MISS:Prince Louis' preferred vegetable choice is a ‘massive favourite’ [EXCLUSIVE]Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [EXPLAINER] The practice has received mixed opinions over the years. Some argue changing the clocks can upset the rhythm of sleep, which can lead to health problems. European MPs also voted to end summer time clock changes in 2019 following a public consultation showing 84 percent of respondents were in favour of scrapping the biannual clock changes. However, it’s been said that darker mornings in winter would be more unsafe and some industries, such as agriculture, rely on there being more sunlight to work in. The practice is still up for debate, but for now, make the most of the longer summer days!