Manchester United's hopes of luring Mauricio Pochettino to Old Trafford may hinge on Kylian Mbappe - as Pochettino's close relationship with the Frenchman could potentially open the door for Real Madrid to pip United to a deal for the former Tottenham chief. Pochettino has been one of the more prominent names linked to the United job since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was axed back in November. Recent reports have also indicated that there is strong support for the Argentine coach at the club; both from the players and the Old Trafford hierarchy. However, pursuing a deal for Pochettino was never likely to be straightforward for Manchester United. And things have now become even more complicated. JUST IN: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reveals first words to Ousmane Dembele after Barcelona move According to The Daily Mail, Real Madrid are also set to try and prise Pochettino away from Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. And it's anticipated that Pochettino's close relationship with Mbappe, who is expected to join the Spanish giants at the end of the season, could emerge as a decisive factor in the race to land the coveted coach. The news will come as a blow to United, who are bidding to find a long-term successor to take the reins from Ralf Rangnick in the summer. The report goes on to outline that both Real and United believe that Pochettino will be obtainable at the end of the campaign - regardless of whether PSG can clinch another French title and an elusive Champions League crown. DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye dealChelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star manChelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display Real boss Carlo Ancelotti is under real pressure at the Bernabeu, despite the fact that Los Blancos are currently six points clear at the top of La Liga. Just like United, Real have been admirers of Pochettino for quite some time. The report also claims that, like Tottenham, Real failed in an attempt to prise the 49-year-old away from Paris last summer. But Real president Florentino Perez is poised to launch another attempt to nab Pochettino in the summer once a deal for Mbappe is wrapped up. That could force Manchester United into rethinking their plans for their current managerial vacancy. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ The Athletic claim that United have recently begun the process to appoint their new boss, with Pochettino named as one of the club's top summer targets, alongside Ajax chief Erik ten Hag. United's shortlist has been finalised with preliminary talks set to commence, but United do recognise that negotiations are likely to be difficult given both are currently positioned in high-profile roles. Ten Hag has worked wonders in Amsterdam with Ajax but it remains to be seen if he has enough support amongst the Old Trafford hierarchy to pip Pochettino to the role.