This Morning's Money-saving expert Martin Lewis tweeted out a sheepish apology to MP Michelle Donelan after mixing her surname up with Dec Donnelly's live on-air. However, he received unexpected support from fellow Twitter users. "Apologies to @michelledonelan who I misnamed Michelle Donelly when I referenced her on tonight's show!" he tweeted out to 1.3 million followers. "My excuse is I was watching Saturday night takeaway yesterday and filming today next door to their studio!" Host Dec has the surname Donnelly, but it seems Martin made a third error by failing to spell his name correctly in the tweet either. READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning However, @harpic1969 delivered a swipe at the MP while reassuring Martin, retorting: "Don't worry Martin, she won't have heard, she can't even hear her own constituents." That said, @JohannaEllison was less forgiving, simply writing: "Sigh, amateur x".  Michelle is an MP for the Chippenham constituency and the Minister of State for HE and FE. A tweet yesterday got Martin into political hot water too, after he begged his followers for help in publicising information about student loans, all the while acknowledging in his post that the escalating conflict in Ukraine was considered a more pressing issue. "Please help," the urgent sounding post began. "The news on Ukraine today, understandably means this student finance news is getting little airtime. "Yet it is crucial young people and their parents understand these huge changes."  DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  The information he had attached read: "NEWS: The govt has announced huge changes to student finance for new 2023 starters in England including extending the repayment to 40yrs which will mean most still repaying into their 60s." He then enclosed a link where students could go to receive further advice. A backlash then descended on him by those accusing the star of being insensitive to Ukraine's plight and presenting his news as more important. Twitter user @craftyexpat felt compelled to take a stand, writing: "With all due respect Martin, there’s a war in Europe. "While student finance is of course important, it might not be the most important thing today." @efcjoee_ added more bluntly: "Bro there is a literal war about to start!" Yet, replying to the former, Martin defended: "I'm pretty sure I acknowledged that in the post. "Yet not being the most important doesn't mean it shouldn't be heard."