Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch rose to fame when she started sharing cleaning hacks online. Fans of the sensation are now recommending their own tips on Facebook pages. Facebook user and Mrs Hinch fan Lynney Jack asked: "Can anyone help with mould in the shower, please. "It’s on the white seal. "Tried mould spray, bleach on a toothbrush, tomato sauce (saw a hack), flash with bleach. Nothing is shifting it. Thank you." The post was inundated with tips and recommendations from other cleaning enthusiasts on how to get rid of the mould. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows  Many advised using Astonish Mould & Mildew spray with Karen Lyons saying: "Astonish mould and mildew remover... Leave on for a few hours then just wipe off, amazing stuff." Cindy Davie agreed: "Astonish mould and mildew. "Leave overnight and it will clean it." Another user, Melissa Robilliard, said: "If it's under the silicone you will need to strip it, use mould and mildew spray and reseal with silicone."  Others recommended using HG products and promised it was the best solution to get rid of the mould. Julia Taylor commented: "HG is fabulous." "HG mould remover," said Samantha Symes Conway while Vanessa McKenzie agreed: "HG mould remover absolutely amazing." "Another vote for HG. It’s strong stuff," said Joanne Coverdale. Many others, however, recommended using bleach. Ali Molloy said: "I pour bleach on all the horizontal grout lines and leave it to soak for a few hours. It removes all the mould, without scrubbing." Kirsty Elizabeth commented: "Bleach soaked cotton pads, leave overnight. I did it a few days ago and the mould was completely gone when I took the pads up. Lynda Mcculloch agreed: "I did mine the other night put bleach on it left overnight gone the next day xx" Pippa Gorry suggested: "I put a bit of bleach on some cotton wool, cover the mould with the cotton wool and leave it for a few hours or overnight when you take it off the mould will be gone! Works every time for me." Lynney Jack, who initially asked the question, shared an update saying: "Update: used HG overnight. A great improvement but the seal needs to come out and be replaced. "I might keep nagging the old man to do it. "Thank you, everyone!"