An Uncharted movie has been in development since 2008, just one year after the original game, Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune released to critical and commercial acclaim. The new film is proving to be just as popular as it has defied expectations and opened to massive box office success. Tom Holland’s casting may have been initially controversial with PlayStation fans, but the love for the young star continues to show in cinemas. Attention is now turning to a sequel and the post-credits scene gave audiences plenty to look forward to. Much like Indiana Jones and Lara Croft, Holland’s Nathan Drake is a globe-trotting treasure hunter with legions of dedicated fans. The games have long been one of PlayStation’s best-sellers and the new film is set to be the jumping-off point for Sony’s next mega-franchise.  There are six games in total, Uncharted: Drake's Fortune, Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, Uncharted 2: Drake's Deception, Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End and spin-offs Uncharted: The Lost Legacy and Uncharted: Golden Abyss.  Following Spider-Man: No Way Home’s staggering $1.8 billion box office, Uncharted has climbed to the top of the USA’s charts after it took home $15.4 million on its opening Friday. It is estimated to earn a $45 million four-day gross, a healthy indication the tentpole will surpass its $120 million production budget.  It has set audiences expectations for a sequel and the post-credits scene all but confirms it. READ MORE: Freddie Mercury girlfriend Mary Austin: Does Mary own Freddie's house? There are actually two scenes that play during the credits, both pointing to many more adventures to come for Drake and Sully (played by Mark Wahlberg).  The first scene occurs shortly after the credits first start rolling. It reveals a prison with the camera rushing through some dark and dingy corridors before focusing on one inmate. That prisoner is writing something down before their identity is revealed.  It is none other than Sam, the long-lost brother of Nate. He was assumed dead by the fortune hunter and is seen scribbling down a warning message to his sibling.  The note informs Drake not to trust someone, but it isn’t known who he is referring to. The reveal will be more than familiar to fans of the games, as Sam was first introduced in Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End. Sam and Sully have a standoffish relationship throughout most of the game, so Sam could be referring to him. He also could mean Chloe Frazer, Nate’s on-again, off-again girlfriend, someone who puts herself first before anyone else.  The second scene comes right at the end of the movie, just as the credits finish rolling. It shows the tomb raider sitting on a table in a bar with a man named Gage. He claims to work for someone named Roman and is looking to trade a “Nazi map” for Drake’s signature necklace.  It isn’t long before Nathan is double-crossed and is held at gunpoint. At this moment Sully busts through the door in his more iconic attire. Now sporting his famous moustache and Hawaiian shirt, he and his partner run out of the bar before being confronted by another unseen person. DON'T MISS...Elvis ex-wife Priscilla and girlfriend Ginger got the same in his will [INSIGHT]Sylvester Stallone was left in tears after being forced to sell dog [EXPLAINER]Spider-Man: No Way Home writers address film’s biggest plot hole [INSIGHT] In Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune, the primary antagonist is Gabriel Roman, a ruthless treasure hunter with a near-limitless supply of goons to get in Drake’s way.  The game sees Nate go head-to-head with Roman in the search for the Lost City of Gold or El Dorabo. It’s an adventure that takes them to a long-lost tropical island as they discover Nazi bases and supernatural enemies.  It is this quest that sees Drake encounter the love of his life, Elena Fisher. She was absent from the new movie and will more than likely be present in a future sequel. A documentary filmmaker, she finds herself caught up in a dangerous mission that sees the pair overcome the odds to survive.