Arsenal are reportedly eyeing a summer deal for Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix. Mikel Arteta knows his side need a world-class striker at the end of the campaign having failed to replace the goals of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. And the Portugal international would certainly represent an upgrade. Felix hasn’t always convinced at Atletico since arriving from Benfica back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Yet the Portugal international is still regarded as a talent for the future. Felix impressed against Manchester United in the Champions League on Wednesday night, heading his side in front in Spain. And Arsenal are rumoured to be eyeing a deal for the youngster at the end of the campaign with Arteta eager to bolster his frontline. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at four players the Gunners could use to tempt Atletico into selling up. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz When Arsenal signed Thomas Partey back in the summer transfer window of 2020, big things were expected. After all, the Ghana international had been a vital asset for Diego Simeone at Atletico - establishing himself as one of the best anchormen in world football. However, Partey’s time at Arsenal hasn’t yet worked out. Injuries and inconsistency have held him back, with the 28-year-old often struggling to make his mark in the Premier League. Therefore, in order to ensure they get something out of his situation, Arsenal could be forgiven for thinking about using him as bait. Atletico previously re-signed Antoine Griezmann last year and a similar deal could appeal. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Another Arsenal player who hasn’t lived up to expectations is Nicolas Pepe. On his day, the Ivory Coast international can be unplayable. And there have certainly been some promising signs in recent weeks. Yet Pepe has, for the most part, failed to justify the £72million the club spent on him back in 2019. Therefore, Arsenal may try and include him as part of a swap deal for Felix. Pepe is a good asset to have but Felix, given his huge talent, would be an even bigger member of Arteta’s squad. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Simeone likes a snarling powerhouse in the middle of the park. So why not Granit Xhaka? A capable player though the Switzerland international is, he’s let Arsenal down too many times since arriving during Arsene Wenger’s spell in charge. The Gunners need someone better in midfield, whereas Xhaka’s combative nature could be curbed under Simeone. After all, the Argentine was hardly a saint during his playing days… Arsenal’s forgotten man. It’s hard to see a way back for William Saliba over at the Emirates, despite the centre-back currently shining at Marseille. Saliba hasn’t hid his feelings on Arteta, previously criticising him for not giving him a fair chance. Therefore, he’s another option to include in any Felix swap deal. Atletico love a defensive player and Saliba, as a promising centre-back in the making, would be a good recruit.