 The much-loved drama Vera sees Brenda star as the obsessive veteran detective DCI Vera Stanhope, who solves murder iinvestigations alongside her sidekick DS Joe Ashworth. Tonight’s Season 10 episode, airing on ITV One, sees cleaner Luke Sumner’s dead body discovered close to his Newcastle flat. When pathology concludes that the killing blow endured by Mr Sumner may have occurred hours before his death, Vera attempts to piece together the victims final hours and crack the case. Brenda, a Golden Globe and Bafta winning actress, has played the television detective since 2011. However, the 76-year-old has also featured in countless critically acclaimed films including ‘Atonement’ and ‘Saving Grace’, and has even received Oscar nominations for her performances in ‘Little Voice’ and ‘Secrets & Lies’. Away from film, Brenda has been married to her husband Michael Mayhew since 2010, though the couple had been together since 1975. Despite so many decades together, the actor once admitted during a Radio Times interview that the pair have “nothing in common at all”. Read More: Anna Karen dead: EastEnders star dies in horror fire  She said: “I think, ‘What’s he doing with me?’ “I mean, we’ve got nothing in common at all! Well apart from a sense of humour”. Later, Brenda revealed that she tied the knot with Michael because it was “sensible” and practical. She said: “We were getting on a bit and it seemed the sensible thing to do.  “Neither of us were going anywhere so it just presents a problem if one of us pops our clogs.” She continued: “It wasn’t romantic! However it does feel rather nice being married — It’s just different. “It was a lovely ceremony and we just had Tim Spall and his family as our witnesses.” Brenda was first married to graphic designer Alan James Blethyn in 1964, who she met while working for British Rail. Don't Miss:Brenda Blethyn’s husband’s unusual proposal: ‘Disappeared!’[OPINION]Brenda Blethyn hinted at Vera exit when asked if 'done'[ANALYSIS]Brenda Blethyn health: Vera star admitted ‘losing independence' fears[INSIGHT]  The couple divorced nine years later, but Brenda chose to continue using her first husband’s surname as her professional name. In a 2013 Guardian interview she admitted to being “devastated” upon the breakdown of her first marriage as her husband Alan had fallen “for someone else”. She said: “My brothers looked after me and protected me from predators – so well that I was quite innocent sexually when I came to marry for the first time at 19. “My first husband, Alan Blethyn, just fell for someone else.  “I was devastated when he left, but he really was a lovely fella ‒ and the other lady was nice too. “It was just one of those things.” Two years later Brenda and Michael, who is a former National Theatre art director,  coupled up. Brenda and Michael have never had children, and the Vera actor admitted she had never felt a “pressing desire” to do so.  She told Radio Times: “You hear people say that they have just got to, but that never happened to me.” Season 11 of Vera restarted in the New Year, with the show having taken a mid-series break. Watch Vera tonight at 8:30 on ITV.