Strictly Come Dancing head judge Shirley Ballas has taken to social media to blast dancers for "promoting themselves" amid the war in Ukraine. The ballroom champion, 61, posted to her Instagram stories where she demanded that dancers "show some respect" instead of posting about their "shows, competitions and teaching" as the war in Ukraine continues. In view of her 237,000 followers, the Strictly star didn't hold back as she shared her thoughts to her stories. Shirley wrote: "Dancers, please, just for a few days show some sensitivity in Ukraine. "You don't need to promote yourselves, your shows, competitions and teaching every single day... "Your colleagues, students, competitors and their families are in the middle of a shocking war and need your support," she added. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement Shirley went on to demand that they "show respect" to the situation, instead of promoting their interests. She went on: "YOUR business can wait. "Show some respect," she added alongside heartbroken emojis. Shirley signed off: "We are one family." The Strictly head judge did not mention any dancers specifically in her post. It seems that this is the first time Shirley has addressed the conflict in Ukraine, having previously posted about a sweet Valentine's meal she shared with her mum last week. Earlier this month, Shirley revealed that February is a tough month for her family as she opened up on her family's devastating loss. The star dedicated a lengthy and heartfelt post to her brother, David, who died of suicide. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [INSIGHT]'My boys' Penny Lancaster reacts to snap of Rod Stewart and son Ali [UPDATE]Ulrika Jonsson blasts 'wannabe' Cruz Beckham for 'provocative' shoot [ANALYSIS] Posting on what would have been his 63rd birthday, Shirley paid tribute to her brother David. She penned: “Well Today 5th February would have been my Darling brothers 63rd birthday. “David my dear brother not a day goes by in my life without me thinking of you I do carry you in my heart through all the adventures I ve been blessed to be able to do. “You go everywhere with me. I miss you so much it never gets easier, one just learns to cope with your absence in being. But your spirit is always close," she added. Shirley continued; "I loved every minute of my time with you. “Oh how I wished I new more about Men's Mental Health back then all those years ago. “Mum and I talk about you often with photos of you everywhere. She concluded: “My brother, my rock, my friend you are so deeply missed. RIP until we meet again. I love you soo much.” (sic) If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.