The only daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge was born Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge in 2015, and the Queen intervened to allow all of Kate and William's children to bear Prince or Princess titles. As Prince William is second in line to the throne, he is expected to become the Duke of Cornwall and be given the Prince of Wales title when his father, Prince Charles, ascends the throne. And in the future, William is also expected to be King himself, meaning several royal title changes are on the horizon for his three children too. When he is King, if Charles decides to allocate the Prince of Wales title to Prince William, his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will likely also become the Princess of Wales. Princess Charlotte might subsequently be styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Wales, the same style Prince William and Prince Harry held as Prince Charles' sons growing up. But when Prince William is King, he could decide to give Charlotte the prestigious royal title of Princess Royal. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry shoot themselves in foot The Princess Royal title has been used by the eldest daughter of the reigning monarch for centuries. The current Princess Royal is Princess Anne, the Queen and the late Prince Philip's only daughter, who got the title from the Queen in 1987. The title is held by the appointee for life, and upon the holder's death, the Princess Royal title is returned to the monarch. So when Princess Anne dies, the title will be vacant and can be allocated at the discretion of the reigning monarch.   As Princess Charlotte is the only daughter of Prince William, it seems highly likely she could get the Princess Royal title in the future. Over the centuries, several monarchs have granted their eldest daughter the Princess Royal title. Queen Victoria and Prince Albert's eldest daughter, Princess Victoria (known as Vicky to her family), held the title from 1841 to 1901. Princess Louise, the only daughter of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra, held the Princess Royal title from 1905 until 1931.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William 'looking round' new schools for George and Charlotte [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte's special day a 'poignant' tribute to Diana's [ANALYSIS] Princess Charlotte title: Why Charlotte will NEVER be Duchess [EXPLAINER] The current Queen Elizabeth II's late paternal aunt, Princess Mary, also held the title from 1932 until she died in 1965, and she was the only daughter of King George V and Queen Mary. If Princess Charlotte is given the Princess Royal title, she will be the eighth royal woman to hold the unique title since the 1600s. Royal expert and author of Prince Harry: The Inside Story, Duncan Larcombe, previously told TownandCountrymag.com: “The title of Princess Royal is traditionally bestowed on the eldest daughter of the monarch. "It is a title that remains for life, so Princess Charlotte will have to wait at least until the death of the current Princess Royal." 