Type 2 diabetes is the result of impaired insulin production. Insulin is a hormone that regulates blood sugar levels. The body needs to maintain a healthy balance of blood sugar - the main type of sugar found in blood. Tipping this balance can have disastrous effects. If you have type 2 diabetes, you must find alternative ways of controlling blood sugar levels. A dark green juice can help to curtail average blood sugar levels two hours after food intake. Blood sugar levels rise in response to eating so the aim is to slow the rise by taking precautionary steps. The study was conducted to see the effect of bitter gourd juice on blood glucose level of type 2 sedentary diabetics. Freshly extracted concentrated whole bitter gourd juice (75 g) was supplemented daily for 90 days in the morning. READ MORE: Diabetes: The green juice that causes a sharp reduction in blood sugar hours after intake   According to the researchers, "a significant reduction in mean fasting & post meal blood glucose levels", was observed in the group. Mean fasting measures average blood sugar levels after an eight-hour fast and post-meal blood glucose calculates average blood sugar two hours after eating. The results observed indicate a "positive impact of the supplementation", the researchers wrote. The benefits of drinking bitter gourd juice did not stop there. DON'T MISSHigh blood pressure warning: The popular fish that raises your reading [ADVICE]Cancer symptoms: The warning sign when waking up in the morning [INSIGHT]Cancer: The tea linked to a tripled risk of cancer [TIPS] For both genders, decreases in weight, body mass index (BMI) and waist to hip ratio (WHR) were observed. Improving weight markers is paramount to blood sugar control so these effects are welcomed. "It is concluded that supplementation of bitter gourd juice for a period of 90 days brought about significant reduction in fasting & post meal blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetics," the researchers concluded. Central to stabilising blood sugar levels is to watch your carbohydrate intake. Carbs that are broken down quickly by your body and cause a rapid increase in blood glucose (sugar). To help you avoid the worst offenders, you should refer to the glycaemic index (GI). The GI is a rating system for foods containing carbohydrates. It shows how quickly each food affects your blood sugar (glucose) level when that food is eaten on its own. Carbs that are broken down quickly by your body and cause a rapid increase in blood glucose have a high GI rating. High GI foods include: Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: