Sharing an update on the invasion, the MoD said Russia had made "limited progress so far today", noting that Ukraine "retains control of key cities". The Russian President launched a full-scale invasion in the morning - sending shockwaves throughout the world. Russian forces entered the country through Belarus, Russian-backed separatist regions and Crimea. Ukrainian forces are fighting back against the invasion, having so far destroyed 80 Russian tanks and 516 armoured combat vehicles since yesterday, the country's deputy defence minister Anna Maliar said. She also claimed the forces have so far destroyed 10 aircraft and seven helicopters. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy previously said any citizens who wanted weapons would be given them, and those who can have been urged to fight. The Ukrainian MoD also called on those living in the northern outskirts of Kyiv to make firebombs "to neutralise the enemy". British-donated military gear has been used to destroy Russian planes and tanks, the Ukrainian ambassador to the UK said. But speaking in London on Thursday, Vadym Prystaiko also appeared to criticise NATO for not preparing for war with Russia earlier. He said: "We should have started much earlier, maybe decades ago. "That’s why we’ve been trying to get into NATO (for) all these years. READ MORE: Russian planes and tanks annihilated by UK-donated military gear "Because we always believed this would come." He added: "Russia came from all four sides. "We are putting up a real fight. "Tanks, helicopters, planes being shot down. DON'T MISS: EU SHAMED: Bloc's weak Russia action exposed [REVEAL] 'Plays into Putin hands!' Boris told huge blunder about to backfire [INSIGHT] Taiwan could be NEXT as Putin invasion sets new 'precedent' for China [ANALYSIS] "We are defending our land." Mr Zelenskyy announced earlier today that 137 people have been killed so far in the fighting, including civilians. The UN’s refugee agency says about 100,000 Ukrainians have been displaced, with thousands fleeing to nearby European states. Addressing the House of Commons yesterday evening, Boris Johnson described Mr Putin as a "blood-stained aggressor". He added that the Russian leader "will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands", accusing him of "trying to redraw the map of Europe in blood and conquer an independent state by force of arms".  Western countries have imposed harsh sanctions on Russian officials and businesses. The UK has excluded major Russian banks from the country's financial system, while oligarchs have been hit with asset freezes and travel bans. Russia's national airline Aeroflot will also be banned from landing in the UK. Mr Johnson told the House of Commons that the UK's measures are "the largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen".