Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has refused to rule out quitting before his contract expires in north London. Conte has already been linked with an exit from Spurs, less than four months into his 18-month deal. The Italian has seen his side lose four of their last five Premier League matches which led to an honestly open assessment of his position earlier this week. Following the loss to Burnley, an extremely downbeat Conte hinted a decision had to be made over his future. The former Chelsea boss insisted on Friday he did not come close to resigning ahead of Saturday's trip to Leeds United. However, he cannot commit either way if he will be at the club long term. Conte says it is "very difficult" to have any idea how long he will remain at Tottenham. JUST IN: Five clubs Harry Maguire could join as Man Utd move for Antonio Rudiger  “I think that in this moment I guarantee the best commitment that I can give to this club,” he said. “I have another year of contract with this club but you know very well that football is very strange. "You can have three, four years of contract and the club can sack you. “Sometimes, someone decides to go away. "I think that we are starting to build something important for the club. I have always left every club much better than when I found it. DON'T MISSLionel Messi 'will return' to Barcelona as Maradona's son predicts imminent switch [QUOTES]Declan Rice has clear 'first choice' between Chelsea and Man Utd if he leaves West Ham [REPORT]Man Utd have 'tentative interest' in £50m striker who West Ham had bid rejected for [GOSSIP]  “For sure, it will be the same for this club. "If you ask me in four months, one year, two years, three years. Now it is very difficult to answer this question. But for sure, I am working to improve the club in every aspect. “I’m sure the club is appreciating what we are doing. But the problem is I am a perfectionist.” Conte has received widespread criticism for his comments following the defeat at Turfmoor. He was asked if his reaction will "destabilise" the Spurs squad.  However, the 52-year-old hopes for the opposite response from his players. Conte said: "Why? Because I tell the truth? If you tell the truth, you destabilise? "My family said to me: ‘With the truth, you grow, with a lie you destabilise people’. I think the opposite. "With the truth, you grow and not destabilise the club or the players. "If I destabilise someone, not good man, not good club. I want a strong club, strong men, strong players. The truth is the only way that I know to grow.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here