Tennis legend John McEnroe has named Canada’s ​​Felix Auger-Aliassime as the man who could succeed Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal as the sport’s main star. At 21-years-old Auger-Aliassime has proved to be one of tennis’ hottest prospects on the ATP Tour, and McEnroe has tipped him to go onto big things. The sport has been dominated in recent times by Djokovic and Nadal, who formed the notorious ‘big three’ alongside a prime Roger Federer. However, with arguably the sport’s greatest ever players closer to the end of their careers rather than the start, former great McEnroe has named who he believes will step into their shoes. Speaking to Khaleej Times in Dubai this week, the American admitted that there were a ‘bunch’ of players he was impressed by however Auger-Aliassime stands out from the rest. He said: “I like Felix a lot, the Canadian, Auger-Aliassime. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic gives verdict on Alexander Zverev after appalling Mexico Open conduct  “He seems the sort of the guy that I think was most likely to win from a bunch of them. “I think there’s going to be a handful of guys that are going to do it. “But right now, he’s making some incredible progress and showing a lot of people that to me, he’s going to be the guy in a few years.” McEnroe’s comments come following an electric start to the 2022 season from Auger-Aliassime. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu offered private guidance by Andy MurrayAndy Murray condemns 'dangerous' Zverev after Mexican Open rageZverev releases statement after disqualification for angry outburst As a result, the Canadian kicked things off with an impressive quarter-final finish at the Australian Open, losing to finalist and world No. 2 Daniil Medvedev. Just one event later though he went on to secure his first ever ATP Tour title, after defeating one of the world’s best Stefanos Tsitsipas at the Rotterdam Open earlier this month. Following victory another impressive week followed, as he reached the final of the Open 13, falling at the final hurdle to Russian Andrey Rublev. An impressive few months from the Canadian has seen him climb up the world rankings, despite his young age, as he currently sits in ninth - his highest world ranking to date.   Despite a quick-fire start to the new year, Auger-Aliassime’s hot start to 2022 has taken a brief break after he withdrew from this week’s Dubai Tennis Championships. The late withdrawal came as no surprise though, as the 21-year-old hinted that he needed to be ‘strategic’ about his hectic 2022 schedule. Following his final defeat to Rublev he said: “Yes, the calendar is full and I have to make strategic choices, be clever with my calendar. “My goal is to be better at the Masters 1000s, so the next big one for me is Indian Wells.”