As travel restrictions ease, many Britons are eyeing their next getaway. However, it seems finances are also a top priority, with Google trends data, showing the number of people on the hunt for a “cheap” holiday has increased by 70 percent this month alone. From the day of the week you book, to the time of year you travel, there are a number of anecdotal tips out there to suggest ways of making a saving. However, according to Charles Stewart, managing director at foreign exchange provider eurochange: “It’s not only the day of the week you book on which can affect the price.” How can you bag the "best prices" possible for your next trip? READ MORE: Worst country to drive in as a British tourist named Though it may seem obvious, one of Mr Stewart's key tips is to make sure you aren't booking at peak times. With school holiday dates varying slightly every year, the expert advises people to stay in the know about when demand is likely to surge. He said: “For those lucky enough to be able to travel outside of the school holidays, you’ll always be able to find cheaper flights by sticking to term time. "For the best rates, take advantage of off-peak months and do your research into when the school holidays fall ahead of your planning. "This year, the start of the summer holiday begins on July 25." However, it isn't just school holidays budget-conscious travellers should be wary of. Mr Stewart explained: “Airline providers are clever when it comes to their prices, ramping up the ticket cost when there’s a guaranteed demand. "So if you don’t want to be stung, make sure to also look out for any major sporting events that might be happening around the time of your holiday.” DON'T MISSCanary Islands holidays: weather warning hits islands [INSIGHT]British expats: Spanish city is world’s healthiest destination [REVEALED]Greece extends restrictions: What is the latest FCDO advice? [EXPLAINER] If you can afford to be flexible with your travel dates, Mr Stewart recommends searching for the cheapest month to travel. He said: "Generally, you’ll find cheaper flights by booking three to four months in advance of the date you’re intending to travel on. "If you allow yourself to be flexible and forward plan, searching via month will help you to find the cheapest flights to your chosen destination." Despite this, there are still ways to make a saving at short notice. Mr Stewart added: "In some cases, you can find good last-minute deals on flights, especially if you’re not particular on exact dates when you start your search." Naturally, not everyone is able to travel outside of school holidays, but in this instance, being flexible about your airline could offer some leeway with costs. The expert explained: “If you’re stuck to certain time frames, such as school holidays, being flexible on the airline provider will also allow you to find cheaper rates because budget airlines often don’t include add-ons in their initial cost.” While some airlines, such as British Airways, include the cost of luggage in with the majority of its tickets, the likes of Ryanair and easyJet do not. For those travelling light, budget providers offer the perfect opportunity to fly at a reduced cost. But, if you are planning on taking a suitcase, it's a good idea to take this into consideration when booking. Mr Stewart said: "More often than not, flight comparison sites are the best place to find value flights; however, it’s important to remember that the first price you see might not be the full cost. "When pulling together your final budget, make sure that you’ve checked how much your chosen airline will charge you for seat allocation, baggage and food because on a round-trip journey it will quickly add up." Along with luggage, consider whether you may need extra legroom, food onboard or even a transfer to your hotel. Mr Stewart added: "Some airlines offer package deals which include flights, hotels, baggage, coach transfers and more, so it’s worth considering this option if you want a bargain." Although most airports have a travel money service in the terminal, additional charges can make exchanging currency at the last minute a costly exercise. Mr Stewart said: "To get the best rate on your travel currency, you’re always better exchanging before you head on holiday. "We always recommend bringing local currency to your travel destination, so it’s important to plan ahead and consider that purchasing travel money at the airport can be extremely expensive.”