The 46th US President has revealed he spoke to the Ukrainian President after reports of an attack on the eastern European nation. Loud explosions have been reported from an airstrike reported near Boryspil Airport in Kiev as well as several reports on social media reveal explosions in Kharkiv in the north-east, Odessa in the south, and the eastern Donetsk Oblast area.    The US President released a statement on social media condemning the move and announcing the emergency meeting. He wrote: “President Zelenskyy reached out to me tonight and we just finished speaking. “I condemned this unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces. “I briefed him on the steps we are taking to rally international condemnation, including tonight at the United Nations Security Council. READ MORE: Boris calls urgent Cobra meeting as PM readies to unleash hell on P...  “He asked me to call on the leaders of the world to speak out clearly against President Putin’s flagrant aggression, and to stand with the people of Ukraine. “Tomorrow, I will be meeting with the Leaders of the G7, and the United States and our Allies and partners will be imposing severe sanctions on Russia. “We will continue to provide support and assistance to Ukraine and Ukrainian people.” However, Mr Biden is not the only one to be briefed by the Ukrainian President. DON'T MISSUrsula von Der Leyen condemns ‘unprovoked attack’ on Ukraine [INSIGHT]Kiev: Residents flee Ukrainian Capital [UPDATE]Ukraine: President Zelensky war cry as Russia moves in [REVEAL]  Boris Johnson spoke with Mr Zelenskyy in the early hours this morning to discuss the unfolding attacks.  The statement from Downing Street read: “Prime Minister Boris Johnson spoke to Ukrainian Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the early hours this morning.  “The Prime Minister said he was appalled by the unfolding events in Ukraine.  “The Ukrainian President updated the Prime Minister on the attacks taking place and the Prime Minister said the West would not stand by as President Putin waged his campaign against the Ukrainian people.  “The Prime Minister said he hoped Ukraine could resist and that Ukraine and its people were in the thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom people during this dark time.”  