Appearing on ITV’s flagship political programme Peston to discuss the limits of the UK’s support of Ukraine against Russia, the MP and Minister for Europe was adamant that UK troops would not be sent to Ukraine to engage in combat. Presenter Robert Peston interviewed the minister following a conversation with Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the former NATO Secretary General.  In his discussion with Mr Rasmussen, Peston queried if the UK and the West have done enough against Russia and asked the former General his thoughts on UK troops being needed in Ukraine. According to Peston, Putin believes that “Ukraine isn’t a real country, and he sees it as a part of Russia”. As a result, he queried if the UK and Western allies may have to show more of an involvement militarily in a show of force against Russian aggression. James Cleverly said: “I think it’s very important to remember that Ukraine is not a member of NATO.  “We do have a responsibility, a shared duty of self-defence with our NATO allies and we are sending troops to reinforce our Eastern NATO allies.” Mr Cleverly repeatedly stated that the UK and other NATO allies are supporting Ukraine with other methods and refused to directly comment on sending British troops to the non-NATO state. He added: “Through military training and military equipment donations we have been helping the Ukrainians prepare defences for themselves and we will continue to support them economically. “The foreign secretary announced a £500 million economic support package through equipment support. We will continue supporting them. READ MORE:Russia-Ukraine LIVE: Devastating £23.5BN oligarch hit revealed “The sad truth is, Vladimir Putin has said publicly that his desire is to bring back former USSR states back into his Empire.” Peston hit back saying: “I’m sure, but there is also a tradition in the West of essentially standing up for the values that we believe in.” The MP retorted: “The point is that we are reinforcing our NATO Eastern allies, we are supporting Ukrainians in their self-defence, we are also bringing in a range of sanctions to deter that aggression. “I don’t want to get drawn into speculating what might play out. As I say, there is a clear distinction between NATOmembers and non-NATO members.” DON'T MISS:Princess Eugenie's recent outing shows 'transformational' weight loss (PICTURES)Cancer: The tea 'linked' to a tripled risk of developing cancer (ANALYSIS)Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley (INSIGHT)  Anders Fogh Rasmussen was asked by Peston if the West has been tough enough on Putin with its sanctions and the former Nato Secretary General replied: “I want to look at the bright side, Germany has announced the suspension of Nord Stream 2 pipeline, that’s a big step and a very important signal to Putin. “Both the EU and the US, and also the UK have announced financial sanctions against banks and individuals in Russia but I think all that is good, but alongside that we need to step up the delivery of lethal weapons to Ukraine so that Ukrainians will be more capable to defend themselves against Russian aggression.” Commenting on direct military involvement from Britain and Western allies he concluded: “Unfortunately, we can’t exclude that. “We saw already in the run up to the Second World War in the 30s how dangerous it is if you keep concessions to a dictator, we should learn from that that must not happen once again so, let’s hope the best but prepare for the worst.” 