Chelsea are said to be eying a surprise move for Wolves defender Max Kilman as they look to bolster their defensive options in the summer. The 24-year-old has been a standout player for the Black Country side this season. Chelsea added the Club World Cup to their trophy cabinet earlier this month as Thomas Tuchel capped a productive first year in charge at Stamford Bridge. The German took the helm last January following the sacking of Frank Lampard. And, after securing a top four Premier League finish last term, he led his side to Champions League glory just four months after being appointed as Chelsea stunned Manchester City in last May’s showpiece event. Much of Chelsea’s success under Tuchel has been down to the fact the 48-year-old has built a solid defensive platform which has looked impregnable at times. Chelsea have recorded 14 Premier League clean sheets this campaign, with only Pep Guardiola’s City side conceding fewer goals. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  And the Blues shipped just four goals on their way to qualifying for the knockout stages of this season’s Champions League. Chelsea’s imperious defensive displays are perhaps unsurprising, given the form of goalkeeper Edouard Mendy and defenders Antonio Rudiger and Thiago Silva. But Rudiger could be set to leave the club this summer when his contract comes to an end, while Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta have also been tipped to quit Stamford Bridge. So Tuchel knows he needs reinforcements in a key area to ensure his team can continue to record such impressive defensive numbers. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     And Kilman could be the perfect man for Tuchel. According to talkSPORT, Chelsea scouts have been to watch Kilman in recent weeks as interest in the player rises. And the Blues could hold a key transfer advantage as Kilman, who hails from London, is a boyhood Chelsea fan. The giant defender grew up in an era when Chelsea were battling for dominance in English and European football. During the former Maidenhead United centre-back’s lifetime, the west Londoners have won five Premier League titles, two Champions Leagues and two Europa Leagues.   And his love of Chelsea could be enough to persuade him to put pen-to-paper on a contract at Stamford Bridge if the Blues can agree a deal with Wolves. Kilman has become a regular in the Wolves side this season and is yet to miss a minute of Premier League action. His towering presence at the heart of the Wanderers backline has been key to their success this campaign, with the Black Country team still in the race for a top four finish. But if Chelsea offer him a move to the capital, it could prove far too alluring to turn down.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here