Even so, her own children and grandchildren don’t all appear to be cut from the same cloth. Prince Andrew, her errant second son, faces ruin – reputationally as well as financially – with calls from every direction, including the military and the city of York, for him to lose all his titles and privileges. Prince Charles is now caught up in a cash-for-honours investigation and his son Prince Harry is throwing his two penn’orth, saying his father should have known better than to engage with the Saudi billionaire donor who is at the centre of this awkward situation. Between the squabbles and the sleaze we should find some time to celebrate the Queen’s blemish-free life, especially as she celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year. Surely the Queen deserves a break from these royal scandals and the constantly negative news headlines? While there may be further tremors, in the meantime perhaps we ought to focus on the Queen’s many accomplishments. At the G7 summit last year, all the world leaders bar none wanted to be associated with her and bask in her reflected glory. And so should we as we recognise her remarkable service. She’s almost 96 years old, and has just tested positive for Covid and yet she is still doing “light royal duties” while many in this country can’t even seem to find their way back to the office. Let’s make this a year of celebration of the Queen’s exceptional service, and not ruin it by overly feasting on the problems created by her children and grandchildren. There will be plenty of time for that in the years to come. ----------------- Oh MY – Madonna is 63! No, I didn’t recognise her either with her new teenage face, all pout and smooth skin. On looking closer at the image, I wasn’t sure what my dominant emotion was: shock, jealousy or curiosity at this near-alien perfection? Madonna has never wanted to age. But to Photoshop yourself beyond recognition is like trying to make the real you vanish. Surely it’s better to love your lines than to have to hide from the public and erase yourself altogether. ----------------- CAN’T find an NHS dentist? You’re not the only one. It seems finding an NHS dentist, post-Covid, is like finding hens’ teeth. Over the last two years more than 2,000 dentists have stopped working for the NHS, leaving widespread shortages particularly in rural and coastal areas. The total number of dentists in England is now around 22,000 – down from 24,684 in 2019-20. I’ve been told some shocking stories – of people pulling out their own teeth, fixing their own fillings and performing all kinds of DIY dentistry, including the mother of a young boy who, after trying 40 local dentists and still not getting an appointment, was told her son would have to have his tooth taken out because there was no one able to perform a root canal. Last month the NHS announced an extra 350,000 early appointments and a £50m fund to tackle the Covid backlog. This might be a start but filling the shortage of NHS dentists needs to be an urgent government priority. ----------------- THE Post Office Horizon scandal is one of the worst and most tragic miscarriages of justice we have seen. More than 700 former Post Office staff were prosecuted for theft and false accountancy. Some were jailed and some took their lives although they were entirely blameless. How on earth could the Post Office’s management have ever thought that the introduction of a new IT system could lead to 700 people across the country – all at the same time – deciding to defraud them? Why didn’t these managers suspect that this just wasn’t the case? Not only do the Post Office staff deserve proper compensation – but those managers need some justice handed out to them. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- Perhaps it goes to show what kind of life I lead, but I was scanning through last year’s annual report from the BBC when my attention was drawn to page 55. Tucked away, there is a chart which showed that £730,000 of your licence fee money was spent on trade union facility time, including seven people paid full time to do just that. Now, I don’t have a problem at all with trade unions or people being members of them – in many cases they can be a force for good. But surely union time at the BBC (or anywhere else for that matter) should be fully paid for by the trades unions and their members, not by the licence fee payers? I wonder how many of our other public services have union activities paid for by the taxpayer rather than by the union members.