Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness saw its first trailer launch during the Super Bowl and teased the return of Patrick Stewart’s Professor X with what was undoubtedly his voice. Charles Xavier’s inclusion in the upcoming Marvel movie has been rumoured for many months, including unconfirmed claims that Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine and other X-Men will cameo. But now new reports say that Logan will feature in a surprising way. WARNING POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD. There have been some rumours that a variant of Jackman’s Wolverine will cameo in Doctor Strange 2. However, some respects leakers have said that while this is a different version of the character to the one who died in Logan, this might not be the case for this movie. The Illuminerdi’s Joseph Deckelmeier tweeted: “We will see Wolverine in #DoctorStrangeInTheMultiverseOfMadness but it definitely won’t be Hugh Jackman.” Of course, this could mean the introduction of the MCU’s Wolverine played by a totally different actor. Although, there may be more of a twist than that. When the Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness trailer dropped, Marvel fans noticed a scene where America Chavez was transporting the sorcerer across different realities. And in a split second, you can see them both leaving what is clearly an actual animated universe. Interestingly, Geekosity is now reporting that Doctor Strange 2 will see cameos from the cartoon characters of the animated X-Men series from the 1990s. The outlet reported: “While I was unable to confirm this with multiple sources, the pieces fit together. The insider added that the film will use the original score.” Now what’s particularly intriguing is that Marvel Studios have previously announced that they are reviving X-Men: The Animated Series as X-Men ’97 on Disney+, continuing where the cartoon left off. So it’s certainly in the realm of possibility that Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness sees the sorcerer and America Chavez turn into 2D for scenes set in that reality. Aside from this, there is still hope for Jackman to return as Wolverine in the MCU, maybe even finally wearing the iconic black and yellow suit from the comics Some insiders claim that if not in Doctor Strange 2, the Aussie star could play a Logan variant in Avengers 5, which is rumoured to be based on the multiverse comic book epic Secret Wars. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2: ‘Hugh Jackman Wolverine in Multiverse of Madness’ [WOLVERINE]Wolverine MCU movie ‘in the works for 2024’ – Will Hugh Jackman star? [HUGH JACKMAN]Taron Egerton and Karl Urban ‘in consideration to play Wolverine’ [WOLVERINE] Another option could be the much longed-for Wolverine Deadpool crossover that Ryan Reynolds has lobbied Jackman to star in for the years. The Merc with a Mouth is also rumoured to feature in Doctor Strange 2 now that Fox characters are owned by Disney’s Marvel Studios. The new film’s synopsis reads: “The MCU unlocks the Multiverse and pushes its boundaries further than ever before. Journey into the unknown with Doctor Strange, who, with the help of mystical allies both old and new, traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary.” Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits cinemas on May 6, 2022. SOURCE https://geekositymag.com/doctor-strange-2-cameos-include-animated-x-men-97/