Britons will usually expect their state pension to increase each year, with an upcoming rise of 3.1 percent confirmed by the Government. However, this will only be extended to those who meet certain criteria - particularly geographical. In order for the state pension to rise, a person must live in the following places: If they live elsewhere, expats should expect their state pension to be frozen at the level it was issued at when they left the UK. As the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee across the Commonwealth, many people living in these countries have expressed their anger at their state pension sum not increasing. This is the case for Pauline, who currently lives in Penrith, New South Wales, Australia. READ MORE: Martin Lewis explains how you can secure £150 off council tax bills Pauline lived and worked in the UK for many years, before making the decision to move abroad. She had paid the full National Insurance contributions for the 35 years she worked in the UK. Upon retirement at 65, she decided to move to Australia, but can no longer expect a rise to her state pension each year. Pauline said: “I do not claim a free bus pass. DON'T MISSPension warning as forgotten savings could be ‘raided’ [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis urges Britons to check tax code as person gets £9,400 [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax warning: Britons to face higher tax ‘burden’ [UPDATE] “Nor do I, as a former resident of a London borough, have a free travel pass for underground and rail within London. “It angers me that had I retired to a European country rather than a Commonwealth country, I would have received annual increments. “It’s ironic that had I emigrated to Spain or France, countries that Britain was at war with over the centuries, that I would now have a larger pension that I do in a country which has Elizabeth II as its Head of State.” The frozen state pension policy is a historical one. It is the result of reciprocal social security agreements between a select handful of countries and the UK to guarantee state pension uprating. However, the End Frozen Pensions campaign has described this as an “arbitrary postcode lottery”. The group states over 90 percent of affected pensioners live in Commonwealth nations - which have close ties to the UK both culturally and politically. It is estimated half of frozen pensioners receive a state pension of £65 per week or less. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea End Frozen Pensions claimed almost all of these individuals were unaware of the fact their state pensions would be frozen before they left the UK. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”