His mum is Ukrainian, and his maternal family live in the Kharkiv region, exactly where he may today be pointing his missiles. "I cannot answer you," she whispered into her mobile. "I feel sick." "Tears were streaming down my face and he was weeping too," she said, recalling the last time she spoke to her half-Ukrainian, half-Russian son, 27. She can only pray she may hug him again when this hell is over. Yet this is an agony felt widely across the 11 time zones in Vladimir Putin's empire. There has been palpable and profound shock in recent days as it became clear Western intelligence was right all along in predicting the bloody invasion, for so long denied by Putin and his cronies. People ask how has it come to this, a war between two Slavic nations with so much in common? As Tsar Putin obliterates residential blocks as well as army barracks in UKRAINE, it is causing consternation at home to perhaps a greater degree than anything else in his 22 years as president or premier. A friend with family links to the FSB security service said: "I never thought I would go out and protest but now I feel so helpless that Russia is wrong and I must say so."  Yet others do not share these views and are steadfast in supporting Putin, whose control over the state apparatus appears total. Some do so from genuine conviction, others swayed by years of state media propaganda that UKRAINE poses a real security threat to Russia and is in urgent need of "de-Nazification", however weird this looks to the outside world. They are shrill in saying Putin, 69, will be vindicated to emerge stronger still. Equally, things might unravel if the war cannot be wrapped up swiftly and successfully from the Kremlin's viewpoint. Doctors and nurses have been drafted into hospitals close to the Ukrainian border in western Russia. By all accounts, they are busy with the wounded from only several days of fiercer than expected fighting as Western predictions of a bloodbath prove tragically CORRECT.  And it appears that there are already thousands of body bags which must - one day - be sent home to grieving relatives. Older Russians remember the devastating drain of the Soviet war in Afghanistan, a factor in the collapse of the USSR. Then there are the Western sanctions which this weekend are having a truly sobering impact among Russians. "No more foreign holidays for us," said one acquaintance who annually took his family to a new destination in Europe. "We are no longer welcome, thanks to Putin." The sanctions are already leading to spiralling prices and real agony for people who cannot access their foreign bank accounts. Putin's charismatic foe, Alexei Navalny, languishes in jail yet has this war ushered in the tipping point he has predicted in the ex-KGB spy's long grip on Russia? 