Helen was best known for playing the role of Aunt Polly Gray in five seasons of Peaky Blinders and she was one of the show's most beloved characters. The actress will not feature in the new episodes of the BBC drama as last April, she died following a battle with cancer. Many stars of the critically acclaimed programme have spoken out about their co-star's death over the past year but the broadcaster ended the first episode of season six by remembering Helen and those watching at home were touched by the emotional moment. The tribute was presented in the form of a title card at the end of the episode, which was written in the font of the programme's name. It read: "Dedicated to the memory of Helen McCrory OBE 'Polly Gray'," and instead of some dramatic music being played, the production for the credits was a lot more sombre. Birds call could be heard in the background, which was done out of respect of Helen's passing as her presence was felt. Viewers soon took to Twitter to comment on the tribute carried out by the BBC, with Shauna writing: "The 'dedicated to Helen McCrory' and no ending music just birds chirping has me sobbing." "A wonderful return of #PeakyBlinders book-ended by tears. A poignant tribute to the late Helen McCrory. That silence for the credits set me off," Tim posted. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Marie added: "The tributes to Helen McCrory the end with bird sounds playing, nicely done @ThePeakyBlinder #PeakyBlinders #HelenMcCrory." Nichola shared: "What an emotional, fitting and poignant tribute in #PeakyBlinders tonight to Aunt Polly/Helen McCrory. Respect to all the cast, that can’t have been easy!" Jayne commented: "Tears at the tribute to Helen McCrory, Polly you are so missed #PeakyBlinders," with Nikki remarking: "Well that was emotional. A lovely dedication to Helen and Aunt Pol I think." Dianna opined: "Moving tribute to the Beautiful Helen McCrory. Sadly Missed as Aunt Polly." "Jeez, this is going to be tough. I am in bits. Helen will forever be such an immense part of this show #PeakyBlinders," Ellen declared. The characters in the show and viewers were also given the chance to say goodbye to Aunt Polly at the beginning of the season six premiere. Picking up where season five was left, the show's protagonist, Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) was told his aunt had been killed. In a poignant moment to mark the matriarch's death, her body was delivered to his home before a funeral took place to allow those closest to her to say goodbye. Aunt Polly was laid to rest and she was cremated as viewers were given glimpses of her face through the means of a portrait and photographs. As the fire blazed, some of the drama's main characters were seen shedding a tear or two as the emotions for both the deaths of Aunt Polly and Helen was clear. DON'T MISS...Helen McCrory: Star's 'brave' and 'remarkable' cancer battle [COMMENT]Helen McCrory's husband Damian Lewis shares ‘perfect’ tribute to star [COMMENT]Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy 'can’t believe Helen McCrory is gone' [COMMENT] Throughout the episode, many references were made to Aunt Polly's life and the impact she had on the lives of other characters. According to Helen's co-star and Tommy star Cillian, the actress was meant to be a part of the sixth and final season of the series. The actor explained: "She would have been in series six if the pandemic hadn’t put everything on hold. "We were just five days away from shooting in March 2020 when the lockdown was announced. Helen was the heart of that show and it was hard to make it without her. Really hard. "There was this huge absence on the set. We all felt it. She died while we were shooting," he said in an interview with Empire. Steven Knight, the creator behind the series, also spoke about Helen's death and the impact it would have on the show's final outing. The scriptwriter said: "I think it is like when anybody who has lost a member of their family – they’re gone but their opinion stays in the house. “In other words, when something happens you still think, ‘What would they have thought about this? What would their opinion have been of this?’ "And I have tried to keep that with Polly so that the family still thinks, ‘What would Polly have done?’ which is what I think happens with people," he told Radio Times. Peaky Blinders continues Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.