Tourists in their millions travel across the globe in order to witness stunning landmarks. From the Eiffel Tower to the Empire State Building, our planet is not short of incredible feats of construction - but which are the "most beautiful". A study from ParkSleepFly claims to have found the answer, with 10 manmade landmarks coming out on top. By analysing TripAdvisor reviews for "famous landmarks" in all corners of the globe, the experts were able to find which ones tourists found to be "beautiful". For Britons, the good news is that three of them are right here in the UK. READ MORE: Why is my Covid status no longer valid? New holiday rules from Friday Here are the top 10 'most beautiful landmarks in the world' according to the data: DON'T MISSHorror as British tourists face huge price rise in Spain [INSIGHT]Britons denied EU entry despite passport having 3 months validity [REPORT]Portugal ditches testing for vaccinated Brits - latest FCDO advice [EXPLAINER] Based on their findings, the Edinburgh Castle, the London Eye and the Tower of London were all applauded for their eye-catching aesthetic. Edinburgh Castle also achieved the accolade of being the highest-ranked castle in the research. This iconic landmark dominates the skyline of Scotland's oldest city and is perched on top of a now-extinct volcano. The castle is noted for its beautiful views over the Scottish city and the pretty St Margaret’s chapel, featuring the original ornate arches and more recent stained glass windows. The London Eye stands 443 feet (135 metres) above the UK's capital city, promising awe-inspiring views of the urban landscape below. At one point, it was awarded the title of the world's tallest Ferris wheel, however was later superseded by the Star of Nanchang, in Nanchang, China. The third UK landmark to make it onto the list is the Tower of London. Built by William the Conqueror in the 1070s, the Tower of London is described by UNESCO as "one of England’s most iconic structures". However, structures in the USA, France and Italy beat the UK to the top spot. The Golden Gate Bridge, in San Francisco, was named the "most beautiful". It is believed to be one of the most photographed bridges in the world, boasting spectacular views of the San Francisco Bay through the rising fog. Paris' famous Eiffel Tower, soaring 1,062 feet (324 metres) in the air, and Rome's Trevi Fountain, the perfect spot for making a wish, came in second and third place respectively.