Since the start of 2022, countless new driving laws have been introduced including sweeping Highway Code changes in January and announcements for new clean air zones in many key cities. March will see further new rules being introduced, with drivers being warned of more expensive fines on offer. New number plates will be introduced on March 1 and will feature the new “22” registration tag. This will replace the current “71” plate, with additional changes being made in September when “72” plates will be the new standard. These new plates will incorporate previous changes made in 2021 which dictated that number plates had to adhere to new rules. READ MORE: Petrol changes could be made after motorsport use of sustainable fuels They will be “BS AU 145e” standard plates which meet the new British Standard for Retroreflective Number Plates. The plates are made from a tougher material which makes them more resistant to abrasion and other damage. Number plates can now only display solid black lettering as two tone plates that used different shades to create a 3D or 4D effect have been banned. The changes make it easier for the registration number to be picked up by Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras. DON'T MISSDVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [INSIGHT]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [WARNING]EU speed limiters will make drivers 'complacent' with more accidents [SHOCKING] New regulations will be made to crack down on the use of mobile phones when at the wheel, with the new rule being introduced on March 25. Anyone caught using their handheld device while driving will face a £200 fixed penalty notice and six points on their licence. The Government says drivers will still be able to continue using a device ‘hands-free’ while driving, such as a sat-nav, if it’s secured in a cradle. The new rules will specifically ban drivers from using their phones to take photos or videos, scroll through playlists or play games. Edmund King, President of the AA, said: “This is a much needed upgrade of the law to help make our roads safer. “Mobile phones offer many distractions and this sends a clear message that picking them up to use them will not be tolerated.” The new law will also crack down on the use of smartwatches, tablets and laptops when driving. While a date has not yet been set for this change, it is expected that councils in England and Wales will be given new powers to fine motorists up to £70 for minor traffic offences. This will include mistakes like stopping in yellow box junctions, illegal turns and driving in cycle lanes. At the moment, most councils are only able to send out penalties for parking and driving in bus lanes, with this change meaning councils outside of London and Cardiff can issue fines for “moving traffic” offences. Spain is introducing a number of rules shortly before thousands of Britons travel there for an Easter holiday. They are also introducing new mobile phone laws, coming with fines of €200 (£167) and six licence points. Much like the UK’s Highway Code changes, the new Spanish rules require drivers to overtake cyclists with a safe distance of at least 1.5 metres or risk a further six points. Littering from their vehicles will also see motorists fined, especially if they could cause fires or accidents like cigarette butts or coffee cups. Fines will start from €500 (£418).