Starz’s criminal series Power had expanded its franchise with the addition of its latest spin-off Power Book IV: Force. With only four episodes in the series has already taken Starz's streamers by storm and it looks as though Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) could become the newest and the biggest drug distributor across Chicago.  After faking his death in New York, Tommy relocated to Chicago and seized the opportunity to take over with his own drug organisation. However, this didn’t come without making enemies, as a result, he not only received death threats but also broke seemingly tight bonds between families. This included the head of the Irish crime family, Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan) whose empire and reign over the city was threatened. Tommy’s presence also disrupted the way the Chicago Brothers Incorporated (CBI) operated in the Southside of Chicago. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap While the two organisations seemed to be divided, they discovered a way to unite the enemies in order to come out on top. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, the actor stated: “The racism of Chicago, the dividedness of Chicago, is foreign to Tommy in a lot of ways. “So I think that is going to be a really interesting topic for us to tackle, the separation of Black and white and Latin people in terms of neighbourhoods.” The promo clip for the upcoming episode titled ’Take Me Home’ also hinted Walter would further push away his son and successor Vic Flynn (Shane Harper) to join Tommy.  Despite his children’s pleas, Walter refused to diversify his organisation with cocaine and decided the organisation would only sell pills. For the past episodes, Vic had been working with Tommy to move his family’s business forward and bury the hatchet with old enemies. Unbeknownst to the family, his sister Claudia Flynn (Lili Simmons) who was tired of being forced to focus on secretary work, struck up a deal with Tommy. Claudia, who had also tried to get her father to get into the cocaine business, decided to go down her own path.  DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]Power Book 3 delayed: Raising Kanan season 2 on Starz pushed back [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 star’s inspiration for intense police scene [INSIGHT] The promo video saw Walter slap Vic across his face and in another scene Claudia had met up with Tommy. Where he told her: “In this life, there’s the suckers that walk into the buzzsaw and the m***s holding it.” After facing constant rebuttal from his father, the slap in the upcoming episode could be the final thing to seal Vic’s departure from the family business and see him join Tommy. With Tommy meeting up with Claudia, they could come to an agreement about a potential supplier as she knew where to get the drugs from.  With the two Flynn siblings potentially working for Tommy and their knowledge combined, Tommy would be able to take down their father’s organisation. As he was also working with Diamond (Isaac Keys) from CGI he was bridging the gap between the two communities with hopes of taking over Chicago. However, this takeover won’t come easily as he has already ruffled feathers after murdering important members of the Serbian Mafia. With only four episodes in, Tommy has already built himself a team and with the expert knowledge of each member, the Flynn organisation could have another thing coming. Power Book IV: Force is available on Starz in the USA and Starzplay in the UK. 