TV anchor Dmitry Kiselyov threatened NATO members with complete annihilation should they continue to issue sanctions against Moscow. The presenter, who was dubbed Vladimir Putin's "propagandist-in-chief", launched a furious rant at the US, UK, and the EU for hitting Russia with disrupting measures following the invasion of Ukraine last week, Mr Kiselyov warned the alliance to stop trying to "scare Russia" and prepare to face brutal retaliation. Speaking to the nation on Sunday, the presenter said: "Our submarines can shoot more than 500 nuclear warheads. "This would guarantee destruction of the USA, and all other NATO countries. "In accordance with the principle. 'Why do we need the world, if Russia isn't there?' "Russia's nuclear arms are delivered by the world's fastest strategic bombers." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Kiselyov did not spare Chancellor Olaf Scholz either, as he accused the German leader of "solidarity with the genocide of today." Vladimir Putin has been citing an alleged genocide of Russian speakers at the hand of the Ukrainian Government to justify his "special operation" in Ukraine. No proof of such illegal activity has emerged.  Mr Kiselyov added: "That's without even mentioning Russian Strategic Missile Forces. "The Russian nuclear potential is the strongest in the world. "Today our Russian Nuclear Triad is on the high alert. Putin did warn [the West]. Do not try to scare Russia." The Russian anchorman also accused Foreign Secretary Liz Truss of trying to "intimidate" Russia with strong messages of condemnation about the invasion. READ MORE: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv Mr Kiselyov did not spare Chancellor Olaf Scholz either, as he accused the German leader of "solidarity with the genocide of today." Vladimir Putin has been citing an alleged genocide of Russian speakers at the hand of the Ukrainian Government to justify his "special operation" in Ukraine. No proof of such illegal activity has emerged. The Kremlin on Monday claimed Putin had ordered Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert after "absolutely unacceptable" remarks by Liz Truss. DON'T MISS: Malians burn EU flags as nation celebrates 'terrorist' France exit [REVEAL]Russian military morale in tatters as troops take to the bottle [ANALYSIS]VdL ignored AGAIN on world stage as Macron scrambles to save face [INSIGHT] The Russian president announced he had placed Moscow's nuclear forces on a "special regime of combat duty" because of "aggressive statements" from NATO members. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov blamed the escalation during Moscow's invasion of Ukraine on the British Foreign Minister. The Interfax agency reported him as saying: "Statements were made by various representatives at various levels on possible altercations or even collisions and clashes between NATO and Russia. "We believe that such statements are absolutely unacceptable. I would not call the authors of these statements by name, although it was the British foreign minister." While Liz Truss engaged on media rounds on Sunday, it was not immediately clear which comments had sparked Moscow's escalation.