 In its 11th season, Vera is based on the novels of Ann Cleeves and includes a number of thrilling storylines, pulling in an average of seven million viewers throughout its series run. Surrounded by picturesque views across Northumberland where filming takes place for six months a time, DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) returned in 2022 leading her diligent team of detectives as they investigated two complex and murderous crimes. Away from the show, Brenda had opened up about her latest venture which was set to start early last year but unfortunately for the TV star, it didn’t go as planned.   Speaking to ITV, she began: “I was due to start Kate and Koji in the studio in January 2021. “But there were too many challenges. You couldn’t have a studio audience. “I’m playing a character who is serving tea and sandwiches all day long, and because of Covid protocol, I wouldn’t have been able to pass anything to anyone else. “And of course, we had to stay two metres apart. So, the producer delayed it and we’re now filming the second series in January and February 2022,” Brenda confessed. READ MORE:EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues?  The six-part sitcom released its first series in 2020 follows Kate (Brenda Blethyn) as she runs an old-fashioned café in a seaside town, and develops a strong, if sometimes volatile, friendship with asylum-seeking African doctor Koji (Jimmy Akingbola). Akingbola is now in the US where he has a starring role in HBO's reboot of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. Although from different worlds, Kate and Koji are similar in ways they do not see for themselves and fans are hopeful to see their return, particularly after the delays caused by COVID-19. Produced by Hat Trick Productions, the ITV show was written by Andy Hamilton and Guy Jenkin.  Meanwhile, Brenda’s leading character Vera continues to win the hearts of the nations with her wry sense of humour and faces the world with caustic wit, guile and courage. Having been brought up by a neglectful father, she’s constantly trying to find a sense of self-worth. When speaking about her character, Brenda explained why ITV audiences are so favourable to the bucket hat-wearing copper. “People like Vera because the viewers are not in competition with her hourglass figure,” she chuckled. “They like her put-downs too,” Brenda told The Mail Online. Vera really cares for her team and for the victims of the crimes she investigates and throws herself into the job, which is why she has become a success amongst ITV audiences. In the most recent episode As The Crow Flies, the DI investigated the death of a school teacher who was found abandoned on a coastal walkway. As the storyline unfolded, Vera came to realise the teacher has troubling secrets which she had taken with her to the grave, chilling fans to the core.  The TV actor also won a Rose d’Or Lifetime Achievement 2021 award for her achievements on the show. To receive the award, Brenda beamed: “I’m thrilled and delighted.” She thanked the European Broadcasting Union and the show’s writer Ann for her storytelling which became fundamental to her success as Vera. The 75-year-old gushed over her character, saying she was “wonderful” to play.