Vladimir Putin launched a "special operation" in Ukraine which is estimated to have cost Russia as many as 1,000 soldiers since Thursday. The Russian president was warned protracted attempts to annex more areas of Ukraine could leave him facing a dangerous loss of domestic support. Former UK Ambassador to Russia Sir Tony Brenton suggested Putin's elite base was already "shaky" and a wrong move could ultimately leave him without power. Speaking to BBC, Sir Tony said: "There's a Russian tradition of backing their leader at times of international crisis. "They backed Tsar Alexander I against Napoleon, they backed Stalin, for goodness' sakes against Hitler. "Putin can be reasonably comfortable in the support and acquiescence of his people until things begin to go wrong. "If things go wrong, that acquiescence could rapidly evaporate and indeed support among his immediate elite, which looked pretty shaky if you watch the television recording of the meeting of his security council a few days ago. JUST IN: Putin's worst nightmare begins as 'significant' NATO onslaught unleashed "It already looked pretty shaky and could evaporate if he finds himself in serious trouble." Sir Tony also suggested that even if Putin were to succeed in taking over most of Ukraine, he would face the serious risk of witnessing his leadership collapse. He continued: "It could lead us then to domestic insurgencies, could lead Russia back to the quagmire they found themselves in Afghanistan 40 years ago, which helped to bring about the end of Communism. "If things move in that direction, then Putin has real reasons to fear the reaction among his own population. READ MORE: Boris speaks in Russian as PM directly addresses Putin's citizens in desperate plea "I don't think that's going to become apparent very early." Following the invasion on Thursday, brave Russians took to the streets of St Petersburg to protest against the war and against Vladimir Putin, with several protesters arrested. Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba called on Saturday for full isolation of Russia, including an embargo on the purchases of Russian crude. Writing on Twitter, Mr Kuleba said: "I demand the world: fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, oil embargo, ruin its economy." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: EU savaged for protecting diamonds in Russia sanctions Starmer crackdown on anti-NATO youth wing after Boris 'warmonger' jibe BBC audience member shamed for blaming Ukraine war on Brexit President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Saturday it was "a crucial moment" to decide on Ukraine's membership of the European Union, as Russia continued to invade its neighbour. Mr Zelensky said in a tweet he had discussed with European Council President Charles Michel "further effective assistance and the heroic struggle of Ukrainians for their free future." He has urged citizens to help defend the capital from the advancing Russian forces/ As the fighting grew more intense, the Russian and Ukrainian governments signalled an openness to negotiations. 