A few years ago the star took to Twitter, announcing that he and his wife were going to get a colonoscopy. The common test is used to check inside your bowels and can help to find the cause of any abnormal bowel symptoms. After the announcement, fans of the star were sent into a frenzy as they were concerned for his welfare, but the Python writer soon put an end to rumours and speculation saying that the procedure was only a precaution, urging other “older folk” to have one done too. His original tweet said: “Fasting today with @TaniaIdle in preparation for colonoscopy tomorrow. It gets messy later! “Life's a piece of s**t, when you look at it. “But I seriously urge older folk to get this done." The NHS explains that a colonoscopy can be done for a number of things. Most often it is done to check what is causing worrying symptoms such as:  READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: Presenter's diagnosis came as a 'huge shock' - symptoms  Following his tweet, Idle received an influx of support and praise from those who have had personal experience with colon cancer or the procedure. One tweeted: "Yes, colon cancer took my dad. Colonoscopy better than #ColonCancer ." Whilst a second added: “Have to have them every five years as a precaution. My brother died at 43 of colon cancer. Compared to what he went through, I never grumble about this procedure." A third said: “Absolutely. I had one done and they found a two inch tumour in my colon. Don’t ignore changes in your toilet habits no matter how small. I ended up having surgery & chemotherapy."  Cancer Research UK explains that colon cancer falls under the category of bowel cancer. The colon is the first part of the large bowel and is about five feet long with four sections. Cancer can develop in any one of these sections. The parts of the colon are the as follows: As well as blood in your poo or diarrhoea, tumours in the colon can block the bowel, leading to a bowel obstruction. This can cause the following symptoms, which if noticed, should be a cause for concern: The NHS states that if you have been experiencing any of the above symptoms for three weeks or more it is vital you see your GP, who will examine your tummy, arrange for a blood test and maybe even arrange for a colonoscopy.  On the day of a colonoscopy, the procedure should take around 30 to 45 minutes, during which a small thin flexible tube with a small camera goes inside your bottom. Air is then pumped in to open up your bowels. The tube enters the large bowel and any growths will be removed or a sample of cells will be taken. Anyone over the age of 60 to 74 who is registered with a GP in England is automatically sent a bowel cancer screening home test kit every two years. With this a small sample of poo is sent to a lab where it is tested for tiny amounts of blood. If the test finds anything unusual, you might be asked to have further tests to confirm or rule out cancer. If you're 75 or over, you can ask for a kit every couple of years by phoning the free bowel cancer screening helpline on 0800 707 60 60. 