Changes to the state pension age could have a substantial impact on the retirement plans of many people. Those retiring in years to come may be forced to wait longer for their state pension. The state pension age is currently 66 for both men and women. However, this is set to change in the coming years with two increases to the state pension age planned. By 2028, the state pension age will rise to age 67 under current Government plans. It will later rise again to 68 by 2046. READ MORE: Dragons' Den candidate told ‘business would never succeed’ now praised by Steven Bartlett Britons can check their state pension age online to see when they will be able to start receiving their state pension. The Government website offers insight regarding not only when someone will reach state pension age, but also their Pension Credit qualifying age and free bus pass age. All someone needs to do to find out any of the information they require is to enter their date of birth. They can then see what their state pension age will be, as well as the exact date they will reach state pension age. DON'T MISSNew warning on Sunak’s ‘horror’ 55% pension tax - even MORE will get caught from April [WARNING]‘Few financial solutions’ for savers: Six ways to keep savings alive during cost of living [INSIGHT]Hundreds of thousands to see PIP replaced by Adult Disability Payment - are you affected? [ALERT] This is normally their birthday when they turn either 66, 67 or 68. Pension Credit is a benefit for low income pensioners, and someone’s Pension Credit age should be the same as their state pension age. However, people can apply for Pension Credit up to four months before they want to receive it, so it may be worthwhile noting when they can make an application. For those who live in England, they should also qualify for free bus travel on the same date they reach state pension age. People who live in Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland can get their free bus pass at age 60. There is no longer a ‘default’ retirement age, so Britons are free to keep working after they reach state pension age. The state pension forecast tool can be used to find out how much income someone may get when they reach state pension age. It is also available via the Government website. The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 for a full year. This will rise from April 2022, taking the maximum amount up to £185.15 a week. Pensioners can therefore get an extra £288.60 in a year. The state pension increases every year by at least 2.5 percent, so the further into the future someone retires, the more state pension they are likely to receive when they begin claiming.