Her Majesty is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee this year, marking 70 years on the throne. The year of celebration has got off to a bad start, however, with Prince Andrew embroiled in scandal and the monarch testing positive for COVID-19 at the end of last week. She is said to be experiencing “mild, cold-like symptoms” and expects to continue “light duties” at Windsor Castle over the coming week. Though she has enjoyed remarkably good health throughout her reign, she took a period of rest at the end of last year following medical advice after spending a night in hospital for an unknown health issue. Her diary has been scaled back to ensure she does not overstretch herself. At 95, many have questioned whether she might give up her position and take some much-needed rest after seven decades at the helm. However, Dr Ed Owens, royal expert and historian, told Express.co.uk: “It is very unlikely that the Queen will ever step down. “Abdication, due to the events of 1936, is considered a ‘bad word’ in the British Royal Family.” Her Majesty’s estranged uncle, King Edward VIII, is famed for having one of the shortest reigns in British history — just 326 days. READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage He shockingly abdicated on December 11, 1936 to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson. Their marriage was opposed by the Government of the time, and the Church of England did not allow divorced people to remarry in the church if their former spouses were still alive. Edward VIII chose the love of his life over being King, so his younger brother — the Duke of York and our current Queen’s father — became King, taking the title of King George VI. Dr Owens said the scandal that surrounded Edward VIII’s abdication means any future abdication is almost certainly off the cards. He said: “I think it is highly unlikely unless a future monarch of Britain is physically unable to perform the role, hence abdication may be considered as an option. “Or if they bring the monarchy into disrepute, for example through some kind of personal scandal, and therefore essentially ‘resign’ and pass on the role of monarch in the hope that it will ensure the survival of the crown.” Dr Owens continued: “If she was to become very unwell, it might be that Elizabeth II essentially ‘retires’ from all public roles, handing over power and leadership of the monarchy to her successor as part of what is termed a ‘regency’. “There is more recent precedent for this going back to the late 18th Century when George III’s eldest son ruled as his proxy due to the monarch’s ill health.” In this situation, Charles would be known as Prince Regent rather than King, according to University College London’s resident Constitution Unit. George IV served as regent for nine years while his father, George III remained King, eventually rising to the throne in 1820 upon the death of his father. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry shoot themselves in foot [LATEST]Meghan and Prince Harry to play major role in Charles' coronation [REVEALED]Camilla set for major ‘difficulty’ at Prince Charles’ coronation [EXCLUSIVE] The subject of abdication is something that is not looked upon kindly by the Royal Family, and is considered an abandonment of duties. The Queen’s former lady-in-waiting, Lady Pamela Hicks, told a panel earlier this month that Her Majesty will “never abdicate”. Lady Pamela, also a cousin of the late Prince Philip, said: “She will never abdicate. “Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands abdicated to her daughter [in 1948], but the Queen was shocked by the idea, because she never can, because she has been anointed and takes her religion very seriously.” During the coronation ceremony, British monarchs swear an oath to uphold the Church and are anointed with holy oil. The anointing process is considered a sacred ritual and was hidden from TV cameras during Her Majesty’s coronation broadcast in 1953. Upon George Carey’s retirement as the Archbishop of Canterbury in 2003, the Queen told him: “That’s something I can’t do. I’m going to carry on to the end.” Nonetheless, there has been a gradual slowing down on the Queen’s behalf in the last few years. Howard Hodgson, author of ‘Charles: The Man Who Will Be King’, told Express.co.uk: “The power behind the throne, for a long time now, has been the Prince of Wales and not anyone else.” He added: “Until maybe ten years ago, the Duke of Edinburgh had a lot of say in these things.” Despite questions over whether she will step down due to health concerns and needing rest, it seems extremely unlikely, and she will most likely remain Queen until the day she dies.