The BBC shared an article on Twitter about why Russia doesn't trust NATO just hours into Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. The national broadcaster explained how Ukraine's role as a NATO "partner" could lead them to join the bloc. The BBC added: "Russia wants assurances from Western powers that this will never happen." However, the article was met with a backlash on social media after it was shared by the @BBCWorld account. Writing on her @XSovietNews Twitter account, author Sarah Hurst said: "Shut up BBC for God's sake." Milan Šveřepa, a director at Inclusion Europe, added: "What is the BBC and why doesn't anybody with brains trust it?" JUST IN: BBC Newsnight: Ex-CIA chief warns Russia could ramp up attack after 'underwhelming' strike The BBC article went on to detail how NATO responded to Russia annexing the Crimean peninsula in 2014 and what it has done so far to deal with the invasion of Ukraine. As reports of Russia's invasion filtered through on Thursday morning, NATO's general secretary Jens Stoltenberg issued a statement condemning the attack. The ex-Norwegian Prime Minister said: "I strongly condemn Russia’s reckless and unprovoked attack on Ukraine, which puts at risk countless civilian lives. "Once again, despite our repeated warnings and tireless efforts to engage in diplomacy, Russia has chosen the path of aggression against a sovereign and independent country." READ MORE: Putin ‘fantasy’ burst as Russian military facing ‘heavy’ casualties He added: "This is a grave breach of international law, and a serious threat to Euro-Atlantic security. "I call on Russia to cease its military action immediately and respect Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. "NATO Allies will meet to address the consequences of Russia’s aggressive actions. "We stand with the people of Ukraine at this terrible time. DON'T MISSTerrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT]Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [POLL]Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO [REPORT] "NATO will do all it takes to protect and defend all Allies." Mr Stoltenberg has since said NATO has no plans to send troops to Ukraine. Speaking in Brussels yesterday, he confirmed: "There are no NATO combat troops, no NATO troops at all inside Ukraine. "We have made it clear that we don't have any plans and intention of deploying NATO troops to Ukraine." However, Stoltenberg added the bloc would increase its presence in the eastern part of the alliance.