He is beginning to look more and more like a madman, and I’m very glad that the Prime Minister has instructed Ofcom to look at whether the Kremlin-backed TV channel Russia Today should be allowed to continue broadcasting here. It is interesting to watch its take on what is going on, saying the Russian forces are “liberating Ukraine from neo-Nazis” but it is blatantly just a propaganda channel. Interestingly enough, some contributors come from the UK, and seem to be oblivious to the fact that they are being used to pour out blatant propaganda. Some people who watch may even be persuaded that we in the UK, US and Europe are actually in the wrong on this. Of course is ridiculous. We are not the ones who moved well over 150,000 troops to the border of another country and then looked for an excuse to invade. So informative as it is to watch what Russia is saying, this blatant voice of lies should really be silenced. And now Putin has invaded, we really are going to have to take the situation seriously. A few sanctions are no good: he is as mad as Hitler. The least we could do is supply air power along with the Americans. If he gets away with this, then who is going to be next? Pity the poor Russian people, who are being governed by a ruthless dictator. The man must be stopped, and stopped now. ----------------------------------- A welcome return of the Piers show Great news that one of our most entertaining broadcasters, Mr Piers Morgan, is going to be back on TV very soon. He engages in vigorous conversations that some may even call slightly rude, but these are what people really want. Let’s face it: everybody watches Prime Minister’s Question Time and then moans about how loud and rude the thing was, but if the politicians all sat there talking quietly and being very polite nobody would take any notice. I love the way Piers broadcasts – even if he did label me as a TV terrorist in his column back in the Nineties. Good Morning Britain will be cursing the day they mismanaged the way that he left them, because nobody is watching the show any more. By the way, I am not a terrorist of any sort. I preferred the comparison to a pantomime villain. ----------------------------------- Powerful case for nationalising energy supply Why can’t we be self-sufficient in fuel when we are sitting on enormous amounts of coal, massive amounts of oil and loads of gas? Apparently it all has to be sold on the world market. Well, that shouldn’t be the case. When we’re in a situation as we are now, under the shadow of war and with the price of fuel skyrocketing, why don’t we temporarily – or maybe even permanently – nationalise fuel? Stop allowing those who are making billions out of trading it, keep it here and make ourselves self-sufficient. You can throw in a bit of wind power and solar energy as well. Why can’t we do this? We are a sovereign nation: we can make up our own rules and in times of crisis like this, that’s exactly what we should be doing. And forget the green lobby. We can come back to that when the world is at peace. ----------------------------------- Universities need lesson in humility The outcry over wealthy universities not giving students a rebate because of the lack of lecturers prepared to brave Covid is absolutely justified. How dare these seats of learning with vice-chancellors on exorbitant salaries charge the students massive fees and then only give them a part-time service. Not only do they take money from countries that we have differences with – China, for example, seems very popular – but some lecturers are allowed to pass on their sometimes extreme political views to students without any chance of being challenged. No wonder students have become so Left-leaning and woke, with all their non-platforming and cancelling people at every opportunity. Trust me: not all students are on the Left. The backlash is beginning to grow and it’s time universities were brought into line. Going to a university was once seen as something to be proud of and it will be again. Though frankly, who actually cares if you went to Oxford or Cambridge these days? Nobody! And I’m proud to say I went to the University of Life. ----------------------------------- Gender neutral loos are just virtue-signalling I’m taking Lady Whale to the theatre for her birthday. Which one we haven’t yet decided on, but it will jolly well have to be one without gender-neutral toilets. Not that I’m bothered if they are proper unisex loos, as you find in many other countries, but I am opposed to it here because of the silly asses who go on about inclusion and diversity. In some cases inclusion and diversity may be a good thing but in others it’s just virtue-signalling. And considering the sort of people who go to theatres and keep them up and running, I would have thought those managing the buildings would have had the intelligence to realise this isn’t going to go down very well. According to some reports, gender-neutral toilets include urinals as well as cubicles. Does a woman want to walk past a man peeing in a urinal and does a man particularly wish to stand there while ladies walk by?