On Monday, the Russian President convened an unscheduled meeting with his security council in Moscow amid increasing tensions between Moscow and Kiev. The meeting was to decide whether Russia would recognise two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine as sovereign states. In recognising the independence of the People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, Russia has officially given up on the 2015 peace deals that recognise Ukraine's sovereignty over the territory. It also gives Russia a pretext to send troops to the separatist-held areas. During a press conference, the US President cried out "who in the lord's name" gives Mr Putin the right to claim parts of Ukraine and to breach international law. Now, as tensions heat up between Moscow and Kiev, the former leader of the Brexit Party, Mr Farage hit out at Mr Biden. He tweeted: "This would simply not be happening if Donald Trump was US President." Mr Farage's comments come after the former US President praised the Russian President after Moscow officially recognises the two separatist states of Donetsk and Luhansk. Moscow has since moved assets into the two areas labelling the movement of troops mission as a "peacekeeping" operation, something named as “nonsense” by US officials. Mr Trump took the opportunity to slam the incumbent Joe Biden for being “weak” over his handling of the situation, and said it would not have happened had he still been in the White House. READ MORE: Ukrainian pensioner 'saving money' to buy a rifle Declaring his thoughts on the situation, Mr Trump said: “Putin declares a big portion of Ukraine as an independent. "That's wonderful. How smart is that? This is genius.” Speaking on the Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show, the former President continued: “I knew Putin very well. “I got along with him great. He's got a lot of great charm and a lot of pride. He loves his country. DON'T MISS Analyst spots major blunder in Putin's security announcement [INSIGHT]F1 Russian Grand Prix under threat with chiefs 'monitoring' situation [REVEAL] PMQs LIVE: 'Where is the rest?' Johnson set for savaging over Russia [COMMENT] “I know Vladimir Putin very well, and he would have never done, during the Trump administration, what he is doing now, no way. "Now it has begun, oil prices are going higher and higher, and Putin is not only getting what he always wanted, but getting, because of the oil and gas surge, richer and richer." Taking another jab at Mr Biden, Mr Trump added: “If properly handled, there was absolutely no reason the situation currently happening in Ukraine should have happened at all." He said Russia had become "very, very rich" during the Biden administration, with oil prices "doubling and soon to be tripling and quadrupling". Mr Trump said: "The weak sanctions are insignificant relative to taking over a country and a massive piece of strategically located land." He said, if he was still president, oil prices would have remained low. He added: "Now, what a mess our country is in." Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined other western nations in greenlighting a first round of sanctions against Russia. These sanctions target Russia's economy by punishing Russian interests currently resident the UK. Russian banks and plutocrats will feel the burn of Mr Putin's actions first. The Prime Minister announced the sanctions in an emergency briefing to MPs in the House of Commons yesterday afternoon. Following his speech, Mr Johnson was immediately called upon to extend the sanctions. British sanctions will cover five Russian banks and three high net-worth individuals resident in the UK.