Liverpool now have the ability to play more like Manchester City, according to former Tottenham boss Tim Sherwood. Liverpool breezed past Leeds 6-0 at Anfield on Wednesday to close the gap on Premier League leaders City to just three points. And Sherwood was particularly impressed with the performance of Thiago Alcantara. A brace each from Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane and a goal apiece for Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk secured an emphatic win for Jurgen Klopp's side. But it was Thiago who stood out for Sherwood in his post-match analysis. City have become renowned for their high possession style of play under Pep Guardiola in recent years. And Sherwood says Thiago's presence for Liverpool means the Merseysiders have another string to their bow. JUST IN: Tottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger  /sport/football/1571312/Tottenham-news-Antonio-Conte-future-Premier-League-Burnley  "I think they've got two ways of playing now," Sherwood told Premier League Productions. "I think Man City always had the edge where they could counter attack at 100 miles per hour with the best of them, but they could also keep the ball, rest on the football. "I think Liverpool do that now, certainly with Thiago when he's back in that midfield. "Tonight it wasn't about turning it into a basketball match like we saw at the weekend with Man United. DON'T MISSWhy Diego Simeone didn’t shake Ralf Rangnick’s hand after Atletico Madrid and Man Utd draw [NEWS]Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]Cristiano Ronaldo made David De Gea look rather awkward in Man Utd and Atletico draw [REACTION]  "They want it to be a chaos game, Leeds United and [Marcelo] Bielsa, but [Liverpool] didn't allow it. "What was it? 65 per cent possession tonight, keep the ball off them. "They were never in the football match and Thiago controlled the tempo." Liverpool's attention now turns to the Carabao Cup final, where they will aim to beat Chelsea and win their first domestic cup competition under Klopp. The German was playing down talk of a push for the Premier League title in his post-match press conference on Wednesday.  "Honestly, we don’t chase City; we try to win our football games," Klopp said. "The thing is now we have obviously the cup final at the weekend and City play, I don’t know exactly who, but they might probably win this game then it is six points again before we play the next Premier League game. "I am not sure then if we play the next game after them or before them, [but] it might be nine points all of a sudden, so we don’t have to count these kind of things. "We just have to win our football games."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here