The phrase chosen by the Georgian captain was exactly the same as that used by 13 Ukrainian border guards on Snake Island, when they refused to surrender to the Russians invaders. A video of the exchange was posted to Twitter and has currently been retweeted 1,821 times. The clip starts with the Georgian captain receiving a request for fuel from an approaching ship. Speaking in English, the captain asks the other ship to identify its nationality. On hearing that it is a Russian ship, he starts to speak Russian with his interlocutor. He said: "We refuse to supply your ship." Invoking the words of the Ukrainians on Snake Island, he added: "Russian ship, go f*** yourself!" "F***ing occupants," says his colleague. "What happens if we run out of fuel?", asks the Russian ship. "Use your oars!", came the reply. Georgia was invaded by Russian troops in the summer of 2008, while the country was under the leadership of Mikheil Saakashvili. Mr Saakashvili, who is currently lingering in jail in Georgia, was pursuing closer ties with the West and seeking NATO membership for his country. The invasion of the country was authorised by the then Russian President, Dmitry Medvedev and lasted five days. The conflict led Russia to recognising the enclaves of Abkhazia and South Ossetia, nominally part of Georgia, as independent. Mr Medvedev served just one term as leader of his country, before relinquishing control back to Vladimir Putin in 2012. READ MORE: Former Miss Grand Ukraine joins army to fight Russian invaders He was believed to be more of a political liberal than Mr Putin and was initially seen as someone the West could do business with. After stepping aside for Mr Putin, he was appointed prime minister of Russia before his removal in 2020. The former lawyer backed up his Kremlin boss over his decision to invade Ukraine, despite the international opprobrium it has caused. Writing on the Russian social network VK, he said that Russia didn't really need diplomatic ties with the West and that it was time to “padlock the embassies.” He added Moscow would continue its operation in Ukraine until it achieved goals defined by President Vladimir Putin. DON'T MISSUkraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [SPOTLIGHT]Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge [REVEAL]FIFA order Russia to play on neutral ground without flag [INSIGHT] It comes as Ukraine's president confirmed that Ukraine would attend peace talks with Russia in Belarus. Volodymr Zelensky said the Ukrainian and Russian delegations would meet without preconditions at Pripyat in Belarus. However, he was pessimistic that anything would come from the talks. He said: “I’ll say frankly, like always, that I don’t believe in the result of this meeting. “But let’s try, so that no citizen of Ukraine would have any doubt that I, as president, tried to stop the war when there was even a chance.”