NBC’s crime thriller The Blacklist star Amir Arison took part in an Instagram live with co-stars Karina Arroyave and Diany Rodriguez. During the conversation, the actor opened up about his character’s relationship with Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader).  Amir made his first appearance on the series as Aram Mojtabai, the Special Agent Strategic and Tactical Technician for the Task Force back in season one. Having met Red in the same season, Arison opened up about his character’s relationship with the criminal mastermind. During the conversation, the actor revealed: “My scenes with James are always so fun because I feel like Aram is both intimidated but also in awe. “He’s admiring of his intelligence and a little afraid of his ability to be a badass criminal where Aram is often a goody two shoes.” READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap He added: “So, I feel like our relationship as Aram and Reddington mirrors our relationship, very respectful and he kind of can play with me and we’ll have a little laugh but he can also be a little scary.” Aram had worked for the NSA for 14 years before being selected by Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) to join the task force. It was his multiple skill set and abilities with counter-surveillance from writing code or cracking databases which made him an important member of the team. While Aram and Red don’t often share a scene together, fans will remember the explosive moment he took on the criminal.  In season six, a usually well-mannered Aram punched Red in the face for allowing his ill girlfriend Samar (Mozhan Marnò) to go on the lam from the Mossad without him. This came after she received a burn notice which resulted in her going on the run with Aram to save her life. This was the result after Aram told her handler, Levi Shur (Oded Fehr) she had been diagnosed with vascular dementia and so her former employee put a hit on her. They feared as her condition worsened, Samar would eventually and accidentally reveal their secrets, so they wanted her dead. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up [REACTION]The Blacklist release time shakeup explained: When will season 9 air? [EXPLAINER]The Blacklist’s James Spader confirms season 10 return [INSIGHT]  Thanks to the task force, arrangements had been made for Aram to go on the run with her, however, when he went to collect the documents, Red revealed she had gone solo. Aram was left devastated and after a heartbreaking goodbye call, he was filled with rage and punched Red for facilitating her escape. He later blackmailed Red by stealing $60 million from him to use as leverage, with the promise he would reunite them and save her. While the show took away Aram's last romance, viewers believe the upcoming episodes could see him and Weecha Xui (Diany Rodriguez) potentially become an item.  However, the actor spoke on those rumours and confessed he didn't think his character could “handle it”. During the Instagram live Amir shared: “I really like the developing relationship between Aram and Weecha, it's very tiny, there's an episode coming out where we have a funny exchange.” Arroyave chimed in: “I hope something happens with Weecha and Aram.” Which led him to respond: “Oh wow, I don’t know if he can handle it.” The Blacklist season 9 continues every Thursday on NBC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced. 