Greater Manchester Police (GMP) are now using the updated powers in order to seize any vehicles driven in an anti-social manner at a retail park that’s been plagued with issues due to ‘boy racers’. The park includes stores like Sainsbury’s and Asda and has become a meeting place for ‘car cruise’ events for enthusiasts from miles around. The extended police powers come courtesy of an update to Section 59 of the Police Reform Act of 2002, which grants them the ability to seize a car they believe is being driven "carelessly and inconsiderately". That comes into play once an officer has issued a warning, and if that warning isn’t heeded they can then use ‘reasonable force’ to seize the vehicle. That warning does not have to be given by a constable before seizure if “the circumstances make it impracticable for him to give the warning”. Alternatively the police can seize the vehicle at a later date using powers of entry if necessary. READ MORE: Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes GMP say the retail park has seen a spate of crime and anti-social behaviour and that the move is necessary to clamp down. A spokesperson for GMP Leigh, Atherton and Hindley said: "This measure has been put in place due to recent incidents, including the illegal use of off road motorcycles and also car cruise events where dangerous and anti-social driving has occurred on the site and in surrounding roads. "Those events have not had the permission of the landowner and have caused disruption to the local community, with hundreds of vehicles attending from as far afield as North Wales and beyond. "Whilst there's no issue with people wanting to admire each other's bodywork and compare exhaust sizes, there have been a number of reports of dangerous and careless driving and, as we have seen at similar events in Greater Manchester, there is a significant potential for tragic consequences.” DON'T MISSResidents may not be able to get exemptions ahead of car tax changes  [INSIGHT]New car tax changes set to launch in Oxford [ANALYSIS]Nine roads to face car tax changes [COMMENT] The statement continued: "We've had car meets at other locations in Leigh in the past, which have been well run and where the organiser has liaised with the police in advance. "We're currently in discussion with someone who wants to organise another event in the near future and will happily discuss plans with anyone else who wishes to hold an event. "However, we will continue to put in place operations where individuals or groups hold events that pose a risk to the community and we will use CCTV and ANPR equipment to take enforcement action during or after the event, where necessary." Only this week GMP seized a VW Golf being driven erratically through the city, saying the driver had been previously warned under Section 59 last December. GMP Manchester City Centre tweeted: “Golf driver ignored speed limit, Mancunian Way, weaving through traffic @ high speed, bad weather. “Driver had a S59 warning from @LancsPolice Dec '21. “Driver & passengers making alternative travel arrangements as car now seized S60.” S60 is section 60, which relates to the seizure of vehicles warned under section 59. Also this week police in Oldham seized three motorbikes and made an arrest after residents of Mansfield Road made complaints of anti-social behaviour. A police spokesman said "Listening to our community. "After complaints of anti-social behaviour, causing alarm and distress to residents in Mossley, neighbourhood officers have arrested one adult male on Mansfield Road, Micklehurst, this morning (Thursday) for section 4 public order and threats with an offensive weapon. "One mini moto crosser and two modified pedal bikes with motorised engines were seized at the address under Section 59 of the Police Reform Act."