Charities and anti-poverty organisations are calling for the UK Government to provide more support to older Britons, who are set to experience a £693 increase to their energy bills following the price cap hike. Specifically, Age UK is lobbying for extra benefit payments to be made readily available for pensioners by using the Cold Weather Payment eligibility criteria. Furthermore, the charity is promoting the usefulness of other benefits, such as Pension Credit, which many people are failing to claim but would be useful in mitigating the pending bill hike. In light of the current energy bill crisis, older people are speaking out about their experiences and what they believe needs to be done. Marion, 69, said: “I cry a lot these days. I can’t imagine how I’ll pay the bills when the energy price goes up again, I lose sleep over it and I can’t find a solution.” Tom, who is over the age of 75, added: “I have always carefully budgeted to cover my utility bills and have been grateful for the various payments from the Government. “In particular the Warm Home Discount makes a big difference. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  “I did fix my gas and electricity rates last year but this ends at the beginning of February. “So, with the anticipated increases to come this year I can see my bills possibly doubling and putting unsustainable strain on my resources. “I only receive a basic state pension and pension credits and have fully explored all available government schemes. “Unfortunately these fall short of covering these unprecedented increases. The possibility of a one off payment or an increase to the Warm Home Scheme would really help.” DON'T MISS   On its website, Age UK suggests extra payments totalling £500 could be easily delivered through the Government’s Cold Weather Payment scheme as it would “guarantee automatic support” to those who need it most. Cold Weather Payments of £25 are awarded to households who experience sub-zero temperatures over a seven-day period. Using information from weather stations, payments are automatically triggered and provided to families in eligible postcodes if they are in receipt of benefits. In a recent survey carried out by Age UK, three-quarters of pensioners in the UK admitted to being concerned about how they will be able to afford their energy bills in the coming months. This is the equivalent of 9.4 million people, and a further 24 percent of pensioners shared that they will have to choose between heating their home and eating if action is not taken. As well as advocating for change through the Cold Weather Payment scheme, the charity is lobbying for a cut to the five percent rate of VAT on energy bills. If as forecast, average bills increase to around £2,000, cutting VAT would save a household just under £100, according to Age UK. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, explained: “The rapid rise in the cost of living is causing a huge amount of anxiety among older people, plunging increasing numbers into dire financial straits. “With the energy crisis deepening and nothing but price hikes on the horizon, the time has surely come for the Government to stop dragging its feet. “It’s high time Ministers took action and provided a much-needed safety net for the millions of older people who are fighting to stay afloat.” A Government spokesperson said: “We are committed to supporting vulnerable households with heating their homes, which is why we have announced a £9.1 billion support package to help families dealing with rising energy costs. “Our winter fuel payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits available, to make a claim.”