Arsenal will be without Emile Smith Rowe for tonight's visit of Wolves. Smith Rowe is Arsenal's top scorer in the Premier League this season with nine goals to his name. But Mikel Arteta will have to use other options as Bruno Lage's side come to town. Smith Rowe came into the starting XI for Saturday's 2-1 win over Brentford. He scored the opening goal just after half-time with a fine solo effort. Smith Rowe was substituted with 15 minutes of the match remaining but there were no hints of an injury. However, he is not available as Arsenal aim to strengthen their top-four hopes with a win over fellow European hopefuls Wolves. JUST IN: Man Utd's five worst players against Atletico to give Rangnick headache - 'One out of 10'  Arsenal boss Arteta said at his pre-match press conference on Wednesday there were no fresh fitness concerns following the win over Brentford. But Smith Rowe was not pictured in any of the training pictures Arsenal released this week. And the club have confirmed the England international is absent through sickness, but it is not Covid related. Takehiro Tomiyasu is also missing from the matchday squad due to a calf problem after returning to the bench against Brentford. That means Cedric Soares will continue at right-back, with the free-from-suspension Gabriel Martinelli replacing Smith Rowe. DON'T MISSTottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger [REPORT]Why Diego Simeone didn’t shake Ralf Rangnick’s hand after Atletico and Man Utd draw [NEWS]Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]  Smith Rowe has 10 goals to his name in all competitions in what is by far his best season in front of goal so far in his career. Arteta says plenty of hard work has gone in on the training ground for the 20-year-old to reach that tally. "The numbers should be looking something like this and that's not a coincidence," Arteta said. "He's practising every day, he is working, he has willingness to do it because he knows he has the qualities and the capacity to do it. That's what we have to demand from players whether they are 19 or 20 or 35.  "I think it's [down to] a combination of everything. It's in his nature, he needs to feel that confidence and that trust around the coaching staff that we are the right people to guide him and to take him to the next level. "He needs his team-mates, which are big contributors to what he can do on the pitch. "He needs to feel love, he needs to have the right environment around him, his family, girlfriend or whatever next to him, and when that happens, he has got a good chance." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 