The Royal Family’s foundations were rocked last March when Harry and Meghan sat down with Oprah Winfrey to make a series of bombshell claims about their time as senior royals. In the interview, Harry said his father Prince Charles had cut him off financially and, at one point, stopped taking his calls. Harry also opened up about his fraught relationship with his older brother whom he had once been extremely close to. During the Oprah interview, Harry also claimed his brother was "trapped" within the royal system. The Duke of Sussex said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. “They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.”  Later, Harry added: “I love William to bits. He’s my brother. “We’ve been through hell together. We have a shared experience, but we were on different paths. “The relationship is space at the moment. And time heals all things, hopefully.” Since quitting royal duties in early 2020, Harry has only met with his brother publicly twice - at the funeral of their grandfather Prince Philip and at an unveiling of a statue of their late mother Princess Diana. READ MORE: Camilla reveals touching activity she shares with grandchildren There is still some uncertainty surrounding their relationship, but according to a royal expert, Harry may have the opportunity to iron out his differences with his brother thanks to a subtle sign signal from the future king recently. In December, William took part in the Apple Fitness Time To Walk podcast, where he shared a memory of his late mother Princess Diana. William recalled fondly that he and his brother would sing the Tina Turner hit Simply the Best with their mum when they were younger in and in the car together. It has been claimed this could have been William offering an olive branch to his younger brother. DON'T MISS Kate praised for heartwarming gesture at the end of Danish visit [INSIGHT]Prince William 'active component' in monarchy as Queen turns to him [REVEAL] 'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights [REPORT] Royal expert Duncan Larcombe told OK!: "We have to hope that even the most subtle words from William here and there act as little signals to Harry. "It’s as if he’s saying, ‘Look, come on. Let’s sort this out.’ “As the older sibling, William is sensible enough to know that he has to fix things.” Mr Larcombe claims a reconciliation could be dependent on the content of Harry’s upcoming memoir. The Duke of Sussex will later this year release a memoir that its publisher has described as “intimate and heartfelt”. According to Penguin Random House, Harry will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. There has been speculation the book could see the prince make further claims about his time as a royal. Mr Larcombe said: "We don’t yet know if or how strongly he’ll slate his father and brother in the book. "It’s hard to imagine what might be coming, but until that book hits the shelves, the stalemate is highly likely to continue.” In a statement at the time of announcing the memoir, Harry said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." He added: "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think."