Manchester United could still trip up Liverpool or Manchester City in the Premier League title race, the top two teams have been warned. Liverpool and City still both have to host their rivals next month in games that are already being billed as pivotal clashes to the final destination of this year's title. Liverpool closed the gap on City to just three points at Anfield on Wednesday night with a 6-0 thrashing of Leeds United, with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane both scoring braces. Pep Guardiola's City lost last time out to Tottenham after conceding a 95th-minute Harry Kane header at the Etihad and face Everton this Saturday, with the Reds taking on Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final a day later. Both sides still have to play Man United, with City welcoming their neighbours across Manchester on Sunday March 6 and Liverpool hosting the Red Devils on Merseyside on March 20. And former Tottenham and Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood reckons top-four-chasing United, who have lost more matches this term than City and Liverpool combined and are 18 points behind the latter after 26 matches, could yet stop one of their two rivals from winning the league.  MUST READ: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick slams players with Anthony Elanga message Sherwood told Premier League Productions: "I see it [every game] as three points. The only team who could affect it, who have the quality to be able to do it to both teams because they've both got to play them is Man United. "United have the quality to beat both of these sides on their day in a one-off game. Do I see it happening? No. "But I think they could have a big say in this title race, United." Former Liverpool attacker Harry Kewell meanwhile named City's trip to Burnley on April 2 as a match which could be crucial. Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool won 1-0 at Turf Moor earlier this month. DON'T MISS: Scholes disagrees with Savage over 'lucky' Elanga goal for Man Utd Kewell reflected: "I see it going head-to-head the whole way and that game at the Etihad is going to be the title decider. "I do look at that fixture list and the only difference I see there is the next four games, Liverpool are playing teams that want to play to win, not teams who will scrap. MORE FOOTBALL NEWS... Scholes claims only one Man Utd player would get into Liverpool's teamAntonio Conte demands Daniel Levy talks about his Tottenham futureJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter' "When you look at City as well, the only one I can see is Burnley, they're going to be rough and City are going to have to fight that game to win. "Everyone else Liverpool play want to play and they can use their pressing style." Liverpool manager Klopp, who insisted he is "not excited" about the title race, said post-match: "We don't chase City; we try to win our football games. "The thing is now we have obviously the cup final at the weekend and City play, I don't know exactly who, but they might probably win this game then it is six points again before we play the next Premier League game. "I am not sure then if we play the next game after them or before them, [but] it might be nine points all of a sudden, so we don't have to count these kind of things. We just have to win our football games. "It is an interesting period, definitely – an interesting period of the season coming up. Now we play the final, then FA Cup, then West Ham. "So nobody should count the points before we play them because we lost the game there, so there is obviously, as we say, an open bill. "That is in 10 days or so and so many things can happen until then. We just have to stay really focused on: go for it with all we have."