Vinny (played by Bradley Johnson) and Liv (Isobel Steele) have been through a lot of heartache during their time in the Emmerdale village and they finally thought getting married would be their chance at a fresh start. Their family don't know they have tied the knot as they wanted to enjoy one day to themselves and over the coming days on the ITV soap, they will have to try their best to play a stellar poker face. Unfortunately, what they might not realise is Vinny doesn't have much time left as there has been concern the happiness won't last for the newly wedded couple. Since arriving in the village in 2019, Vinny has been placed in several life or death situations that would have killed him off. As well as being abused and left for dead by his own father, Paul Ashdale (Reece Dinsdale), the youngster was also kidnapped and held hostage by Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) at the start of this year. Although it seemed no trauma had been inflicted on the young man, for the past few weeks, a head injury could have been getting worse. A bleed on the brain could have been slowly seeping away and even Vinny himself might not have realised the damage the serial killer had done. Therefore, if he drops down dead in the next few weeks, it could be a shock to everyone there was something wrong with him. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville's future on BBC show This would make Vinny Meena's fourth victim in the village, which would be added to the list of murders she has been charged for. Liv would be left devastated her husband of just a few days has been taken from her under the cruellest of circumstances. It could come at the time Vinny and Liv finally admit to their family they got married in secret as they didn't want them to ruin their big day with their drama. As Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) loses it over the secrecy, her reaction could come at the worst time as her son drops down dead in front of her. Liv would blame the iconic character for her husband's death and could possibly relapse into alcoholism, which would spark a new chapter for the troubled villager. Taking to Twitter, many fans are hoping something bad doesn't happen to the pair but they can't help but think tragedy is on the horizon. Wini posted on the social media platform after this week's episodes: "Why is Vinny in such a rush to get married to Liv? Making me nervous #Emmerdale." "Loved it. Don’t ruin it #emmerdale @emmerdale," Marky posted, with DingleBoyd writing: "They’re so precious, now let them have happiness please." Marcus shared: "Made up for Liv and Vinny, it was the only way to have a wedding without trouble." Whilst Chris remarked: "Thank goodness for a happy storyline. Please don’t spoil it! Liv looked absolutely beautiful." DON'T MISS...Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb clashes with husband Matthew over 'obsession' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mimi Slinger looks loved up in romantic snaps with HRVY [PICTURES] The haste of the wedding could be the writers wanting the pair to have a brief moment of happiness before the heartbreaking twist happens. Fans could have already guessed the calm before the storm was a precursor to Vinny's death, pleading desperately for the creative team not to ruin the couple. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actors who play Vinny and Liv, Bradley and Isobel respectively, have addressed their reaction to their characters getting married. Bradley said: "It's great. They've broken up about three times now! But I'm really happy because they're committed now and we can explore their relationship more, see what goes on behind closed doors and show a young couple being married and living together." Isobel added: "There isn't another young couple in the show who are married. The audience love it and the writers like writing it, clearly. "We enjoy playing it and it'd be nice to have a bit of happiness. We hope the audience are drawn to the characters as much as they are with the staple Dingle couples. "We try to make it as friendly and inviting for the audience as possible so they can relate to it and back it." But whether they would want their characters to repeat the big day just for their families is something else altogether. Bradley explained: "When I first read it, I really wanted a big Dingle wedding." "I thought if my character ever got married, they should get the Dingle welly out and have a big party," he continued. "But I think it's really romantic that they're going away and doing it by themselves. Although I would have loved a big Dingle wedding!" Isobel explained: "I would have loved a big Dingle wedding, but sometimes the romance between the characters can get lost if it's a big wedding. "There can be 30 cast members, it's hectic, there are probably 10 other stories going on at the same time." "It was nice when Robron had a small, private thing and then they had a big wedding afterwards. The dialogue is right with the characters and it's quite special and intimate." Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.