  BBC presenter Gethin Jones was all smiles as he appeared on crutches with his foot in a boot following the ankle reconstruction surgery he underwent earlier this month. In the pictures, he was joined by Morning Live co-host Kym Marsh, who supported him on-air after he struggled into BBC One's studios this morning.     Gethin, 44, still managed to look stylish and stay balanced as he carried an over-the-shoulder bag whilst recovering from the painful-looking ankle injury. The star wore a pair of loose blue jeans under his boot, a navy blue T-shirt, and a black bomber jacket. Meanwhile Kym, 45, opted for some lace-up boots and black skinny jeans with a black T-shirt to match. She completed the casual look with an army-style camouflage jacket with a red lining, and wore her hair in natural waves.      Morning Live returned to BBC One today after going on hiatus for a few weeks, as the show needed to set up in its brand new location, after leaving its London home for Manchester. The relocation of the show from London to Manchester was announced last year as part of the BBC’s plan to ensure the broadcaster better reflects diverse communities throughout the UK. Kym and Gethin, who still had his foot in the boot, appeared live on air to welcome viewers to their new studio. The pair were joined by Doctor Xand van Tulleken, chef Anna Haugh, and Strictly Come Dancing professional Graziano Di Prima.      Kym cracked a joke about the boot during the opening episode, saying: “You won’t be going anywhere for a while, will you? It’s a good job there’s a doctor in the house this morning!” While Gethin explained: “I’ve finally had it done! It’s really funny, I wanted to show you all my scar but everyone decided against it.” Gethin went on to quip that the doctors around him had called it a “beautiful scar”, while Doctor Xand assured him that it was indeed “great”. Gethin last shared an update on his ankle on February 7, where he took to Instagram to explain he had undergone an ankle arthroscopy, a procedure used to treat problems in the ankle joint, including arthritis, fractures and instability.      A lateral ligament reconstruction is surgery to tighten up one of the ankle ligaments and is usually done as an outpatient procedure, so patients can go home the same day. Gethin's surgery was previously scheduled for December, but he had to cancel after catching Covid. After he finally had his operation, he told his 102,000 followers: “A (pain) killer smile after a successful op! "Been a bit of a wait to get it done ‘cos of what’s been happening, and then had to cancel ‘cos of getting Omicron at Christmas… but I’m delighted to get it sorted. (sic)      "Ankle arthroscopy & lateral ligament reconstruction. "I’m looking forward to walking down the stairs without pain, going for a run again (eventually)!! "But will now have to find another excuse for my bad golf! “The lovely nurse Helen’s only question.. 'When it’s you and Sam on @bbcmorninglive, who’s gonna be sat for Strictly Fitness',” he added jokingly.   