A retirement expert has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about what this means for pensioners and their hard-earned cash as well as what actions they may consider next. The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted to raise the base rate by 0.25 percentage points to reach 0.5 percent earlier this month. This is the first back-to-back interest rate rise since 2004. Inflation has continued to soar, however, eroding any savings in the bank so pensioners are urged to act. Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter said: “First and foremost, people with cash in the bank, which tends to include many retirees, will welcome the rate rise given they’ll earn a better rate of interest on cash savings. “That said, the increase is extremely modest, and we can’t assume that the increase in the Bank of England’s base rate will automatically feed straight through to higher interest rates on savings accounts.” He suggested that pensioners may wish to try investing their money due to rock bottom interest rates. READ MORE: ‘Very useful!’ Britons urged to trace lost pensions and recover thousands He said: “Appeal for annuities had been declining due to low rates, so demand could be boosted with the further interest rate rise. Now rates have risen for a second consecutive time, and look set to increase further, those interested in annuity products could see better deals on the market, so it is a good idea to shop around and see what is available.” With the repeated hikes, the Bank of England are set to raise the income paid by annuities to 20 percent this year. The amount of income annuity paid depends on interest rates and Government bond yields. Both of these factors are rising, as the Bank of England increased interest rates to combat the rising inflation. He did warn however, that those who have already purchased an annuity without any inflation protection built-in will see a real terms fall in the value of their annuity. However, these people may well welcome a rate hike if it helps ease the inflationary pressures, he said. Mr Greer gave insight for those who may decide to go into drawdown during this period. He said: “Those in drawdown are potentially in a better position. “They can invest their cash in a way that will hopefully produce returns above the level of inflation and therefore protect their income in real terms. “That said, they may require additional income over the coming months to maintain their lifestyle in the face of soaring prices.” He explained that pensioners will also have to absorb a wider hit to their incomes due to inflation. The state pension is set to increase by 3.1 percent in April 2022, based on inflation data for the year to September 2021.