Harry Kane has had a largely underwhelming season for Tottenham this season by his high standards - but Saturday's thrilling defeat of Manchester City was an emphatic reminder of his abilities, not just as an elite striker but also as a brilliant No 10. Kane's scintillating display saw him play a crucial role in Dejan Kulusevski's opener with a sweeping first-time through ball for Heung-min Son before he found the net himself to make it 2-1 and then 3-2, the latter the game's 95th-minute winner. The England international is well adrift of Golden Boot frontrunner Mohamed Salah this term with just seven league goals but England captain Kane proved at the Etihad that, when in full flow, he remains a force to be reckoned with. The Premier League's best defence could not cope with the 28-year-old, who Antonio Conte was keen to stress post-match is "for sure world-class". There's not much arguing that. If he can continue this form, the kind that made him the top-flight's top scorer and top assist provider last term, until the end of the season then Spurs' chances of qualifying for next year's Champions League increase significantly. DON'T MISS: Tottenham beat Man City: 4 things we learned as Kane inspires Spurs Beyond this season, Kane is said to be mulling over the possibility of a new contract at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. It is a remarkable u-turn given he wanted to join champions Manchester City last summer. Fabrizio Romano has reported that Kane will think about his contract situation across the next few months. The centre-forward is enjoying life under Conte and is said to want the Italian to be backed by chairman Daniel Levy in the summer in order to put pen to paper. In January, Levy may have just signed a player capable of helping convince Kane that Spurs can will make good progress under Conte next season and in the years to follow. The on-loan Kulusevski, scorer of the opener and provider of the crucial third, was excellent away at City and particularly shone with his relentless work ethic and ability on the ball. DON'T MISS: Man Utd ace Anthony Elanga taunts Leeds fans with full-time gesture Spurs paid an £8million loan fee with an obligation to buy the player for £35m at the end of the season dependent on certain conditions and what a talent they have on their hands. Conte eulogised after the 3-2 win at City: "For sure, Kulusevski played an amazing game. He's only 21 years old, but despite this, he has good experience, because when you play with Juventus you have to manage a lot of pressure in Italy. "He's a good signing for us. He's strong physically, good technically." Kulusevski himself said post-match: "I suffered so much over the last few months, I didn't feel like myself and playing like this with my first Premier League start, I cannot describe it. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Paul Scholes slams 'soft' Bruno Fernandes after Man Utd's Leeds winAubameyang shows Arsenal what they're missing with Barcelona hat-trickMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire "It's wonderful because Conte only wants to win and if he doesn't win, he is not happy. We work really hard and that is what we need, there are no other secrets. If you listen to the coach, you can do well." If the Swede can continue to be a difference-maker and certainly if he can help secure top-four finish, Spurs have a much greater hope of getting Kane to pen a new deal which would commit the remainder of his peak years to the club. In Kulusevski, Kane and Son, Spurs have a front three capable of causing havoc. Conte will hope the new man can persuade Kane his long-term future should be in north London so they can cause havoc for years to come. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here