Under current rules, fully vaccinated Britons don’t need a Covid test to travel to Spain. They must have proof of having two jabs or a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. However, all tourists need to fill out Spain’s passenger locator form, the Forumulario de Control Sanitario (FCS). These are free of cost and must be filled out before travelling to Spain. Passengers will need a QR code at airport security. Tourists will need to provide an email address, flight details, passport details, Covid documents and their accommodation address. However, according to iNews, a number of scam websites are charging British tourists to fill out the form. READ MORE: Ryanair suspends all flights in and out of Ukraine   The so-called ‘service fee’ charges British tourists 60 euros (£50) to fill out the form which could leave families out of pocket. The free forms are provided by the Spanish Government on the website spth.gob.es. British tourists should only use the forms provided on the official website if they want to avoid unnecessary holiday costs. The scam websites will try to charge British tourists a fee to fill out the free passenger locator form. Holidays to Spain were threatened earlier this year when Spain banned unvaccinated British teenagers from travel. In good news for British families, the strict rule was relaxed on February 14 and British teenagers can now enter with a negative PCR test. Unvaccinated British tourists are still banned from entry to Spain except in exceptional circumstances. The Costa del Sol has now scrapped Covid passports in more welcome news for British tourists.  Face masks are no longer compulsory outside except on public transport, at stations and at some mass events. Spain’s Prime Minister has said he hopes Spain will be able to scrap masks indoors “sooner rather than later”. Covid cases have been dropping across Spain and the pressure on the nation’s hospitals has decreased. Holiday companies have reported an increase in bookings for holidays in the Easter holidays and for summer. According to easyJet data, over 30 percent of Britons are planning to holiday in Spain this year. The most popular destinations include the Costa Blanca, Costa del Sol, Balearic islands and Canary islands. Pre-pandemic, thousands of Britons travelled to Spain every year to enjoy holidays in the country. British tourists will need to fill out a passenger locator form after returning to the UK but vaccinated travellers will not need to take a test.