Piers Morgan sensationally stepped down from his role as host on Good Morning Britain in March 2021 after he faced a backlash for comments made about Meghan Markle. He refused to apologise for stating he did not believe her allegations she was struggling with her mental health. The Duchess of Sussex was one of thousands to complain to Ofcom about Piers’ comments. Eventually the controversial host decided to quit his presenting role although Ofcom ruled he was entitled to have his own opinion on Meghan’s interview with Oprah Winfrey. Piers has since gone on to announce he has joined TalkTV and will have his own show. When it does eventually air later this Spring, he has invited Meghan to join him as his first guest. READ MORE: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley Speaking on Sky News Australia, Piers said: “Fundamentally, what I want the show to do is be a platform for free speech and democratic debate. “And the right for people to come on and have their own opinion without being shamed and cancelled – because that’s the way back for society. “If Meghan Markle’s watching, I’m sure she is, if you want to be my first guest, we have a bit of unfinished business. I’m available.” It’s unlikely Meghan will accept the presenter’s invitation but it would certainly make for good television if she did. Piers has not held back when it comes to sharing his opinion of Meghan and her husband Prince Harry. He previously vowed to get even with the Duchess when he launches his TV show and new column with The Sun. The presenter stated: “The column is called Uncensored because it does what it says on the tin. “Effectively I was censored at my previous job and told to apologise to Meghan Markle for an honestly held opinion, which obviously I wasn’t going to do. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle fans gloat as Kate ‘overshadowed’ [LATEST]Prince Harry launches new legal battle [UPDATE]Meghan Markle: Why Duchess prefers hugs to handshakes [INSIGHT] “Pushy little Princess Pinocchio tried her utmost to cancel me, and she will be in for a very unpleasant surprise when I emerge, like Lazarus, from my den. “It was a pretty bruising experience on Good Morning Britain but I’m now working somewhere where I’m free to express my opinions.” As well as his own show, which will air in the UK and Australia, and his column, Piers will also feature in the New York Post. He is expected to release a series of books through the HarperCollins imprint too. He will also broadcast his show via the Fox Nation streaming service in the US. To promote his new venture, Piers has been making use of Rupert Murdoch’s private jet to travel to Australia. Piers will undoubtedly be updating his fans on Twitter with the latest news regarding his show, how to watch it and when.