The start of any year can quickly become busy and it can become easy to forget to enjoy some rest. One of Warner Leisure Hotels newest hotels, Studley Castle, has just introduced a wellness retreat, and it was the perfect opportunity to enjoy a much-needed break. Located in the beautiful countryside of Warwickshire, Studley Castle Hotel is a Gothic Revival castle that’s a Grade II listed building and was originally built by Francis Lyttleton Holyoake in 1836. Warner Leisure Hotels acquired the property in 2016 and began revamping it with a £50 million renovation, before it opened in 2019 as one of Warner’s newest hotels. The result is a stunning hotel that’s got a blend of modern features with homages to its historic interior and several top-quality facilities including a spa, swimming pool, sauna and steam room, cinema room, shooting range, restaurants and more. The hotel has 200 rooms and is surrounded by 28 acres of lush countryside, making it truly feel like an escape from the outside world. We stayed in the spacious Castle Room suite which has an elegant Victorian design with a king-sized bed, large sofa and two TVs in the lounge and bed area. The bathroom has a separate section just for a freestanding bath, which was perfect to enjoy and read after a long day, On the day we checked in, we tucked into a delicious three-course dinner at the hotel’s main restaurant Brasserie32, which served traditional British classics like Shepherd’s Pie. We also enjoyed other meals in the the Eversham Restaurant and during our stay we enjoyed a traditional afternoon tea, roast dinner and a full English breakfast. After dinner, there is always live entertainment to watch and over the nights we saw Frankly Aretha, an Aretha Franklin tribute act, soul music and other musicians perform. New this year is the wellness retreat break where guests can book a three-night stay which includes a program of classes like guided yoga, meditation and other fitness classes. We took part in a gin masterclass that was followed by gin yoga and was definitely one of the funnest experience. On the last evening of our stay we enjoyed a unique Gong Bath and Sound Healing Meditation session which made us feel comfortable, relaxed and it was perfect to go to bed after. All the instructors were extremely friendly and after the retreat, it felt like there was a warm community with all the guests. There’s plenty do at Studley Castle and while we there we enjoyed treatments at The Stables Spa, which offers massages, facials, manicures and more with luxe Temple Spa products. I enjoyed The Outer Glow which is a face and body exfoliation and the Back & Face Sensation which is massage for the back and head that felt instantly relaxing. The spa is a tranquil space and super quiet despite being in the same area as the pool, but it was also convenient for a late-afternoon swim. Warner is also known for its many activities that guests can book in and this was one of the top highlights of the trip. Throughout our stay, we learnt archery and rifle shooting in the beautiful countryside grounds and both activities were incredibly fun to enjoy with my partner. Walking around the castle itself is also a treat, its L-shape design makes it feel like a maze and it’s designed with hidden features like Lewis Carroll inspired decorations in the rooms. Whether you’re planning on a couples break or want to go away with a friend or relative, Studley Castle is the perfect holiday destination for rest and relaxation. Its peaceful, which really allows you to fully take a break from your normal routine and after a couple days there, we felt rested and ready to go back to our normal routine. Studley Castle’s adult only breaks start from £209 per person for two nights, sharing a standard room. This includes breakfast, three-course dinners, live music, pools and activities. Date: 25 April Wellness Retreat break at Studley Castle from £619 per person for three nights. This includes breakfast, live music, pools and activities. Date: 22 July