In 1992, the Conservatives won a famous general election victory by warning of Labour’s threat to impose a “double whammy” on taxes. Exactly three decades later, the Tories plan their own double whammy through the imminent 1.25 percent hike in national Insurance and a freeze on income tax thresholds. Defenders of the tax rises claim the Government needs to fund extra expenditure because of mounting pressures on vital services like the NHS, social care and schools, particularly in the wake of the pandemic. It is a powerful argument, but one which would carry far more weight if so much taxpayers’ cash was not squandered on elitist featherbedding and gross inefficiencies. At the end of last week, it was revealed 675 NHS officials earn over £150,000-a-year. This vast total includes 549 managers in NHS trusts, a 12 percent increase on the year before, as well as 126 senior staff at the Department of health and its sprawling network of quangos. Among the big earners is new NHS Ceo Amanda Pritchard who is paid up to £260,000, significantly more than the £200,000 maximum of her predecessor Sir Simon Stevens. But the NHS is hardly unique. excess and entitlement are now key features of officialdom’s top ranks. Figures published last month showed 599 civil servants receive packages worth more than £150,000, a 16 percent rise on the year before despite all the wails about “over-stretched” budgets. The same extravagance has seen the overall size of the Civil Service balloon since the Brexit referendum, with numbers rising 23 percent to 470,000. To his credit, Jacob Rees-Mogg, the Minister for Brexit opportunities, is determined to reduce the payroll. But he will have his work cut out to change the culture of the state payroll, where the absence of commercial pressures has bred low productivity, weak management and habitual waste. As Dame Kate Bingham ‑ mastermind of the private sector-led vaccines programme ‑ put it, “the machinery of Government is dominated by processes rather than outcomes, causing delay and inertia”. This inadequacy makes the colossal earnings all the more offensive to hard-pressed tax-payers. Too often, public servants are lavishly rewarded for failure and incompetence. The home office, for instance, remains “un t for purpose”, unable to tackle crime or protect our borders, yet its Permanent Secretary Matthew Rycroft is paid up to £190,000. In the same vein, our universities failed to provide proper teaching throughout Covid, yet instead of cutting fees, bosses at the top Russell Group institutions built a £2.2billion surplus, presiding over a system where the average vice-chancellor’s pay in 2020 was £389,000. The sense the Civil Service is run in the interests of its workforce rather than the public is also reflected in a reluctance to return to the office, which has undoubtedly handicapped the capacity of officials to carry out their responsibilities properly. The shambolic Afghan withdrawal, where desperate calls and emails went unanswered, was a prime example, as were delays in sorting HGV drivers’ licences last autumn, creating food and fuel shortages. Empire-building is rife in the public sector. Almost every subsidised organisation is packed with executives, directors and media operators. The office of the Kent Police Commissioner has a “Head of Policy”, a “Communications Manager”, an “external engagement officer” and a "Head of Standards".  Moreover, in our secular age, diversity is the new religion of the state, led by a growing priesthood of well-paid officers. Typical of these moral guardians is network Rail’s Diversity Chief Loraine Martins, who is paid up to £165,000 to lecture about privilege and inclusion. In this spirit, the Treasury recently advertised for a “head of Diversity and Inclusion” on £70,000, and the Crown Prosecution Service, notorious for its poor record at bringing real criminals to court, seeks a £67,000 “equality, Diversity and Inclusion” advocate. This is not public service but the exploitation of the public. It should not happen under a Tory Government. Boris Johnson and his Cabinet would earn the gratitude of a nation if they rolled back the frontiers of wasteful, bloated bureaucracy.