Many Britons face financial hardship in 2022 as a devastating combination of rising prices and Government intervention looms. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has devised a National Insurance increase by April that promises to strangle finances on top of rising fuel and food prices. Older people won't feel the burn as much as the UK's workers, as they are in range of a pension boost. The coming state pension boost will launch following the new tax year in April. In total, recipients stand to gain an additional £289.50 per year, helping offset some of the new burdens. But not every retiree can count on the tidy sum, and it is less than hoped following hardships in 2021. READ MORE: Women urged to check eligibility for state pension boost The increase applies to those who retired in 2016, meaning they receive the new State Pension. Recipients include men born on or after April 6, 1951, and women born on the same date in 1953. They can start claiming when they reach state pension age - currently 66 - and will receive the adjusted rate by April. New and existing claimants will receive £9,628.50 a year, split into weekly or monthly instalments. Pensioners choose how regularly they receive payments when they reach retirement age. In total, the boost amounts to 3.1 percent, meaning pensions have risen with inflation in the Consumer Price Index (CPI). But pensioners could have received much more if the Government had stuck to its triple-lock strategy. In late 2021, Conservative ministers broke their manifesto promise to keep the triple lock. The policy kept pensions growing with CPI, average earnings or 2.5 percent. Artificial wage growth prompted by the furlough scheme meant that wage growth hit an exaggerated high in 2021. People saw their incomes jump by eight percent, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility. Breaking the manifesto promise meant that pensioners would not benefit from a "statistical anomaly". The move has prompted fears the Government may take the opportunity to ditch the triple lock for good, however. Pensioners also aren't immune to the coming National Insurance adjustments. The 1.25 percentage point hike to contributions will start in April for most workers and their pension-aged colleagues from the following year. Those who have reached state pension age must pay the additional 1.25 percent from 2023.