Jen Psaki, 43, was among the officials in Washington to blast Vladimir Putin, 69, during an appearance on ABC on Sunday. The White House press secretary was responding to Mr Putin's order which put the Kremlin's nuclear deterrent forces in a state of heightened readiness. The Russian President claimed he made the move because of "aggressive statements" put forward by NATO countries. Psaki said: "This is really a pattern that we've seen from President Putin through the course of this conflict, which is manufacturing threats that don't exist in order to justify further aggression." "And the global community and the American people should look at it through that prism. "We've seen him do this time and time again. JUST IN: Ukrainian translator reduced to tears while covering Zelenskyy's speech for German TV "At no point has Russia been under threat from NATO, has Russia been under threat from Ukraine. "This is all a pattern from President Putin and we are going to stand up to it. "We have the ability to defend ourselves but we also need to call out what we are seeing here from President Putin." Western countries have also taken further moves against Moscow in recent days, including cutting some Russian banks from the main international payment system SWIFT. READ MORE: 'Waters should be closed!' Britain considers imposing ban on Russian ships at UK ports Linda Thomas-Greenfield, 69, who serves as Washington's ambassador to the United Nations, echoed much of Psaki's comments. She told CBS: "I'm not surprised at this information because Putin has tried every means possible to actually put fear in the world, in terms of his actions. "It just means that we have to ramp up our efforts here at the United Nations and elsewhere to hold him accountable." However, not everyone in America seems immediately concerned with events in Kyiv. DON'T MISS: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely' [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT] Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION] According to the BBC, several top Republicans, including the dark horse for the GOP nomination in 2024 Ron DeSantis, didn't mention Ukraine at all in their speeches to the Conservative Political Action Conference in Orlando, Florida. Mr DeSantis, 43, instead spent much of his speech talking up Florida as the "freest" state in the US. Ex-President Donald Trump, 75, did mention Russia's invasion and condemned it as "appalling". However, Mr Trump then continued to peddle the unfounded claim that the 2020 election was rigged and described the NATO and current US leadership as "dumb".