Oxford's Zero Emissions Zone (ZEZ) pilot launches from today across nine streets in the city centre. The new rules will not ban any petrol or diesel drivers from using the streets as long as a daily charge has been paid. Oxford City Council has said most vehicles will need to pay some sort of daily fee. Only zero-emissions fully-electric cars are allowed in the charging zone without paying, meaning fees apply for everyone else. Ultra Low Emissions Vehicles emitting less than 75g/km of CO2 will pay £2 per day to enter the zone. Low Emission Vehicles that meet Euro 4 petrol or Euro 6 diesel standard will pay £4 per day. READ MORE: New Oxford car tax zone may lead to 'stringent congestion charges' However, all other vehicles including many petrol and diesel cars will pay the highest £10 per day fee. Chargers across all categories will be doubled from August 2025 meaning some motorists will pay up to £20 to use the zone. Under the pilot scheme, just nine roads will have charges in Oxford city centre. Roads affected include New Road, Bonn Square, Queen Street, Cornmarket Street, New Inn Hall Street, Shoe Lane, Market Street, Shop Street and St Michael's Street. DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [ANALYSIS] However, last week Oxford City Council confirmed plans were in place to extend the scheme over the next couple of years. Consultation on the rule changes is set for later in 2022 with the changes implemented between 2023 and 2034. Those who live inside the zero-emissions zone can apply for discounts to the daily charge. Blue badge holders, disabled tax vehicles, health workers and community transport vehicles are just a small range of motorists who can also apply for discounts. Total exemptions to the fee can also be obtained for historic vehicles, recovery vehicles, emergency vehicles and Hackney carriage taxis. However, Oxford City Council warns discounts should be applied for at least 10 working days before motorists intend to travel to ensure an application is processed. This may mean drivers who have not applied will need to pay daily fees for the time being. Drivers could be hit with a £60 Penalty Charge Notice if they miss their ZEZ payment. The Council warns drivers have 28 days from the date of service to pay the fine or make a formal challenge. Motorists can receive a 50 percent discount if the fine is paid within 14 days.