Paul Cowland said classic cars were likely to become “more of a hobby thing” but wanted they will “always” be a place for them among enthusiasts. He said the Government is unlikely to “get rid of” classic cars despite concern among many owners. Mr Cowland has predicted historic cars will probably get “historic status” so owners can still use them. He warned running a classic might become more expensive but said they would only be used as a weekend car. Speaking to Manor Park Classics, the TV star said: “When the car was invented we didn’t stop riding horses did we. “So I think it will just become more of a hobby thing, which is no bad thing. READ MORE: Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes “It represents billions of pounds for the economy, it represents a lot of jobs, a lot of tax income, so I don’t think the Government’s going to get rid of it. “The people who say that’s going to happen, I don't think that's going to happen in a hurry. “I think we will be pushed into a corner where we will be quite happy as a little hobby thing. “We will get historic status for cars, we can drive them two or three thousand miles a year which for most classics is what they do anyway. DON'T MISSSalvage Hunters star warns E10 fuel ‘isn't great for classic cars’ [COMMENT]Car tax rules should be changed to allow more classics into cities [INSIGHT]New car tax changes affecting petrol and diesel cars was a ‘success’ [ANALYSIS] “Fuel will become expensive but you won't use that much of it. “You’ll have your electric car for day to day, you’ll have your hobby car for the weekend, you'll drive it to a nice show. “They will become more collective, more covetable. “I think the scene will exist in a slightly different space but I think they will always be there.” Some have warned classic car owners could face extra challenges in the future as the Government shifts its focus to new electric models. E10 fuel is one example of this with the new green petrol incompatible with older classic cars. David Bond, spokesman for classic car insurance firm Footman James has previously warned classic cars would be used “differently in the future”. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “There's a lot of concern but what we need to do is take those concerns seriously but learn to adapt. “We may use these vehicles in different ways, maybe more trackdays, more off-roading. We may use those vehicles differently in the future but it's in the DNA. “There is a passion there and its hearts and minds, that doesn’t go away. People will always want to drive vehicles. “Ownership may change, you may go to a storage facility and then you drive vehicles at weekends. “The way we use and own those vehicles, the types of vehicles may change. "But if you look, it's a multi-billion pound industry with over 100,000 employed in it. So we will find ways to make sure this industry carries on.”