Experts have predicted that flight costs will rise by five percent per month. This means that prices might have risen by 25 percent by the end of June. According to current estimates, a family of four travelling from London to the Balearic islands in August could have to pay £600 for flights. Travel booking app, Hopper, said that the most substantial increases will be seen from now until the end of March. This is due to extortionate oil charges which have risen by almost 70 percent over the last year. Some aviation experts have said the price increase in oil is likely to pass from airlines to the consumer. READ MORE: Spain holiday warning: Chaos as British tourists face £50 scam Many passengers have already noticed an increase in the price of flights to popular destinations. The UK CEO of Air France-KLM warned that higher air fares had become “quite unavoidable”. Fahmi Mahjoub said: “I think there is an expectation that airline tickets could become more costly. “I think the advice we have for customers is simply to plan earlier to be able to avoid those price increases.” Ryanair chief, Michael O’Leary predicted that air fares would be significantly higher in 2022 than before the pandemic. Cruise Nation head Phil Evans warned: “You can see that flight prices are astronomical. The demand is there but it’s quite expensive.” He said that flights from Heathrow to the Italian capital of Rome in May would normally cost around £200. They are currently selling for around £350 per seat. Evans said: “Flights cost as much of a cruise.” However, travel agents have said the prices don’t seem to be putting off British holidaymakers. Earlier this month, the UK Government scrapped travel testing for fully vaccinated arrivals. British tourists will be able to save money on testing as they will now only have to fill out a passenger locator form. Many EU countries have also scrapped travel tests for fully vaccinated travellers which will also save British tourists money. British tourists will also face tourist taxes in some of the world’s popular destinations in 2022. Thailand has said it intends to introduce a tax to help cover medical costs of tourists if they are injured while away. Venice is also planning to introduce a daytripper tax to combat overtourism in the popular city. British tourists will also need to pay a small fee every three years to enter the EU once the new ETIAS system for non-EU residents is introduced.