Eamonn Holmes, 62, reassured fans that his wife Ruth Langsford, 62, is "more than capable of looking after herself" after people felt sorry for her amid his on-going battle with chronic pain. The Loose Women star has been looking after him since the condition left him incapacitated, and he admits he'll forever be eternally grateful for her support and dedication. And he wanted people to know she's a real trooper behind the scenes. "People say, 'Poor Ruth, having to put up with him,'" he retorted in a recent interview. "But I assure you, she's more than capable of looking after herself!" The pair have been together for almost three decades; meeting in the 1990s, then going on to tie the knot in 2010. READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation Last month, Ruth opened up about caring for Eamonn when he was struck down after trapping a sciatic nerve in his back. The presenter has been left struggling to walk because the pain is so severe. He previously gave a very raw account of his health issues before he began his new role at GB News, admitting he feels like a nuisance to his family. But Ruth confessed reading his comments made her sad. Chatting on Loose Women, she said: "Eamonn started his new job this week and because of that he’s been giving a lot of interviews, as you do. "People have asked about his health because he’s had a really rough year this year. "Bulging discs in his back, he hasn’t been able to walk properly, it’s transferred down his leg and he’s really finding it hard to walk," she explained. "He said in this interview, which actually made me feel a bit sad, he said, 'I think my family are a bit fed up with me now.' "He said, 'The kids are a bit embarrassed about how I move around or don’t move around, and Ruth’s getting a bit fed up with me.' DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] "I thought, well, I am and I’m not. Do you know what I mean? It’s human. "You can’t help, but when you’re helping someone all the time and they’re very incapacitated it’s hard to be Florence Nightingale all the time," she admitted. However, Ruth made it clear she understood how upsetting the situation is for her husband, too. The presenter reflected on how she believes Eamonn and others struggling with their health can feel when their loved ones take on caring duties. She explained: "I think you feel that maybe you’re a bit of an inconvenience or burden. "You know, a lot of people don’t want to be a burden on anybody." Detailing how Eamonn’s health challenges have impacted their relationship, she said: "I can tell when Eamonn’s not fine. "It might be something really small like he might just drop his glasses or something and I see it out of the corner of my eye and I see him trying. "Then I think he thinks, 'Oh she’s annoyed she’s had to run over,'" she shrugged.