President Zelenskyy urged the Russian population to stand up to Vladimir Putin to stop their soldiers from being sent to Ukraine to "kill or be killed." In his latest televised statement, the Ukrainian leader said several thousand Russian soldiers had been taken prisoner since the start of the invasion on Thursday. He urged the troops to reconsider their mission in Ukraine as he reiterate Kyiv is not prepared to give into Moscow's plans. He also urged Ukrainian expats to make their way back to the motherland to join the fight against Russian troops. Addressing the public in Russian, President Zelenskyy said: "I want everyone in Russia to hear me, everybody. "Hundreds of captured soldiers who are here in Ukraine don't know why they were sent here to kill people or to be killed. "The sooner you tell your Government the war has to be stopped, more people from your country will stay alive. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG "Your nationals are voicing their opposition to this war, we know that many people in Russia are shocked now by the brutality of the Russian Government and this is the right reaction. I'm grateful for this reaction." The Ukrainian president then hailed his compatriots for standing up against Russian aggression as he urged nationals living abroad to mount their own defences or make their way back to help the resistance. He continued: "Everyone who can come back to Ukraine, please come back to defend Ukraine. "After that, we will have a lot to do to rebuild our Ukraine. READ MORE: 'Putin is in TROUBLE!' Russia war is 'not going well' - horror from INSIDE Ukraine exposed "Everyone who can defend Ukraine abroad, please do it. Do it directly in a united way – every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country, please come over. "We will give you weapons. "It will be announced soon how this will be done. Everyone who is defending Ukraine is a hero." President Zelenskyy was reported on Saturday to have dismissed offers to be evacuated out of Ukraine. He is believed to be one of the main target of Russian forces engaged in ongoing attempts to take Kyiv from the Ukrainian Army. DON'T MISS:‘Tank wars in Europe are over!’ Embarrassing footage of Boris Johnson [OPINION]Chernobyl: Kremlin tried to deflect blame for disaster onto CIA [ANALYSIS]Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support [INSIGHT] BBC reporter James Waterhouse cited Mr Zelenskyy as saying "I need ammunition, not a ride" when responding to US offers to leave Ukraine. Locals have already mounted their own resistance over the past few days, with reports of radio stations sharing instructions on how to create Molotov cocktails to use against Russian soldiers. Ukraine's president also reiterated Kyiv remains in the hands despite ongoing attempts from Moscow to take over the capital. He said: "We have withstood and are successfully repelling enemy attacks. The fighting goes on. "We already have almost full support from EU countries for disconnecting Russia from SWIFT. "I hope that Germany and Hungary will have the courage to support this decision. "We have the courage to defend our homeland, to defend Europe." Ukraine is one of three Eastern European post-Soviet nations not to have joined the European Union alongside Belarus and Moldova. Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia all joined the bloc in 2004.