Inventing Anna came out in full on Netflix earlier this month and fans haven't been able to talk about the mini-series ever since. Featured in the drama is Rachel DeLoache Williams, portrayed by actress Katie Lowes, who was swindled out of thousands of pounds by Anna Delvey (played by Julia Garner) who she thought was her friend. Both Williams and Delvey have spoken out publicly about each other since the release of Inventing Anna. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Inventing Anna.Anna was living the high life when she moved to New York in 2013 and created the character of Anna Delvey, a German heiress. With her upper-class attitude, she quickly drew attention to herself as a popular socialite and became friends with Rachel who worked as a journalist at Vanity Fair. During this time, Anna conned banks as well as people she knew out of their money, including her supposed best friend Rachel. She took a whopping $62,000 from Rachel in 2017 during a trip to Marrakech. READ MORE: The Dog House owner breaks down after giving up border collie In 2018, Rachel wrote an article of her own experience of Anna in Vanity Fair, one month before journalist Jessica Pressler's story came out in New York Magazine which is the basis of Inventing Anna. Once the show came out, Rachel spoke out on how she strongly disagreed with how it was presented. She told Vanity Fair: “I think promoting this whole narrative and celebrating a sociopathic, narcissistic, proven criminal is wrong. “Having had a front-row seat to [the Anna circus] for far too long, I’ve studied the way a con works more than anybody needs to. "You watch the spectacle, but you’re not paying attention to what’s being marketed.” At the time when Rachel was friends with Anna, she was working for Vanity Fair. She now no longer works for the publication but describes herself as a "Vanity Fair alumna". According to her Instagram profile, she is a writer and photographer who has written various articles on her former friend for The Times, British Vogue and The Independent. Rachel also states that she is the "NY Times best-selling author of My Friend Anna". DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up  [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A delight' [TRIBUTE]After Life’s Diane Morgan defends controversial Ricky Gervais scene [CAST] Netflix reportedly paid Anna $320,000 for her life rights, most of which went towards paying off fines and attorney fees as she is currently in ICE, facing deportation. Rachel has also sold book rights to Simon & Schuster for a reported $300,000 but for this, Anna has come out and labelled this "blatant hypocrisy". In an Instagram post, she wrote: "Rachel DeLoache Williams conveniently forgets to mention the curious period of time during the summer of ’18 when herself along with her newly acquired literary agent were repeatedly harassing my lawyer Todd (both via email and phone) to get me to write a book TOGETHER with Rachel. "And the best part is–this time around I got all the receipts.” Inventing Anna is available to watch on Netflix. 