Fancy going on holiday this year to a tropical island? Sandals is offering travellers savings on holidays over the upcoming bank holiday – find out more here. With locations in Jamaica, Barbados, Antigua, Sandals is known for its stunning hotels and luxury experiences. Available now, guests can save £150 off 10 night breaks over the Jubilee bank holiday weekend when they book before 16 February 2022. The perfect opportunity to plan a big getaway with a loved one, all holiday packages include accommodation, return economy class flights and resort transfers. To redeem, enter the code ‘LONGER10’ when you book holidays here on the Sandals website. The holidays are available on stays from 27 May 2022 onwards and please check the exact date of each trip. Book holidays on Sandals here. Here are some of the best offers from the sale, with the discount included in the price. Valid for travel on 1 June 2022 only, guests can enjoy a 10 night break for two at Sandals Barbados and stay in a Caribbean Luxe room. Flights are with Virgin Atlantic and depart from London Heathrow Airport. Valid for travel on 2 June 2022 only, take a loved one on a 10 night holiday to Sandals Royal Barbados and reside in the South Seas Hideaway Crystal Lagoon Club Level Suit which comes with a soaking tub. Flights are with Virgin Atlantic and depart from London Heathrow Airport. Valid for travel on 29 May 2022 only, go on a 10 night holiday to Sandals Grande Antigua and stay in the Caribbean Honeymoon Grande Luxe Poolside Room. Flights are with British Airways and depart from London Gatwick Airport. Valid for travel on 1 June 2022 only, enjoy a 10 night holiday to Sandals Grenada and stay in the Pink Gin Oceanview Room. Flights are with British Airways and depart from London Gatwick Airport. Valid for travel on 27 May 2022 only, depart on a 10 night trip to Sandals Halcyon Beach in St Lucia and stay in the Crystal Lagoon Poolside Luxury room. Flights are with British Airways and depart from London Gatwick Airport