TEAM NEWS Chelsea starting XI: Mendy, Chalobah, Thiago Silva, Rudiger, Azpilicueta, Kante, Kovacic, Alonso, Mount, Pulisic, Havertz Liverpool starting XI: Kelleher, Alexander-Arnold, Matip, van Dijk, Robertson, Henderson, Fabinho, Thiago, Salah, Mane, Diaz Chelsea are taking on Liverpool at Wembley in the Carabao Cup final today. A win for either side could be part of a bumper trophy haul this season, with Chelsea also in the running for the FA Cup and Champions League while Liverpool fans may be dreaming of a quadruple after seeing the gap to Manchester City close at the top of the Premier League table. If you want to tune in to all the EFL Cup action then you'll need access to Sky Sports who are showing the game exclusively - you can find out the best deals below... Chelsea, who already have won the UEFA Super Cup and Club World Cup this season, go into today's game after owner Roman Abramovich announced he was giving the "stewardship and care" of Chelsea to charity trustees. The announcement came amid Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine, which has seen wide ranging sanctions imposed by the EU, UK and US on individuals and companies. Speaking ahead of the game, Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel said: "We shouldn't pretend this is not an issue. The situation for everyone here is horrible. Nobody expected this, it's pretty unreal. It's clouding our minds, and our excitement towards the final. It brings huge uncertainty, much more to all people in the moment more involved than us. We send our best wishes and regards to them, obviously." You can tune in and watch coverage of Chelsea vs Liverpool on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Football. Coverage on Main Event begins at 4pm, while on Football build-up begins at 3.30pm, with with kick-off at 4.30pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription.   If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £25 a month (but you'll need to sign up for four months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £9.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 