The system used by NS&I updated and reportedly experienced a glitch. Due to the error, hundreds of thousands of NS&I customers have had to wait up to six months for their payments to come through. Money Saving Expert, founded by Martin Lewis, shared that the error had impacted roughly 349,000 savers. An estimated £1.1billion worth of funds were affected by the glitch as well as almost 1,000 Premium Bond prize wins worth roughly £27,175 in total. The glitch is reported to have affected deposits made between 19 July and 29 September 2021. Money Saving Expert advised savers that deposited money into their NS&I accounts during this time period should check if they have received the interest they are owed.  The following accounts are believed to have been affected: NS&I have reported that affected customers have had their accounts automatically updated with backdated interest payments in January this year.    Income Bond savers should also have received their interest as part of their January or February dividend payment. Savers can contact the NS&I by phone or its online web chat if they believe they have not had their interest paid yet. Premium Bonds that were purchased in July, August and September of 2021 could also be missing their prize winnings. NS&I said it will notify any affected prize winners in writing and will pay the missing prizes into their chosen prize payment method. However, it is reported that those who automatically reinvested prize winnings into Premium Bonds are not affected by the glitch. Premium Bond holders can check if their numbers were drawn using the NS&I prize checker tool online. An NS&I spokesperson said: "Following an update to NS&I’s systems in mid-July, it was discovered that, when customers were investing in NS&I products, the incorrect date for the sale was being applied to the transaction in some cases. NS&I apologises to all customers affected." "Retrospective prize checks have been run on the affected Bonds, and customers will be notified in writing by NS&I of any prize wins." NS&I is one of the most trusted savings providers in the UK as it is backed by Government. It is estimated to have 25million customers and over £193billion invested. The Premium Bonds product has become increasingly popular due to its lottery style monthly prize draws despite not offering savers any interest. Before the first prize draw there were an estimated six million Premium Bond holders and this number has catapulted to 21.1million in 2021.