A number of countries have issued sanctions against the Kremlin, because Vladimir Putin has announced plans to send troops into two rebel-held regions in eastern Ukraine. The US is expected to follow up with its own retaliatory measures aimed at hitting Russia’s economy. However, it would not be the first time that the US has opted for this course of action against Moscow. As of September 2021, the US has issued sanctions against a total of 1,027 Russian affiliates - according to data from the Congressional Research Service. The 2014 invasion of Ukraine and seizure of the Crimean Peninsula is the top reason why Washington has sanctioned Russian individuals, organisations or transportation vessels. Around 735 Russian entities are currently sanctioned in connection with the occupation of Crimea and Russian activities in Donetsk and Luhansk, where Russian military involvement also intensified after 2014. Overall, the conflict in eastern Ukraine is estimated to have cost the lives of more than 14,000 people - many of them civilians.  READ MORE: PM unleashes 'first barrage' of sanctions as Ukraine crisis deepens Meanwhile, malicious cyber activities and influence operations are the reason the US imposed sanctions against approximately 170 Russian entities. Activities include cyberattacks for financial gain or on behalf of the Russian Government, for US election interference and for undermining other democratic institutions. Human rights abuse and corruption are a less common reason for sanctions. These initially were levied against those exposed for corruption by Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, in 2008, and thought to be responsible for this subsequent death.  However, they have since been extended towards other human rights violators. An unspecified number of Russian entities are also sanctioned in connection with the use of chemical weapons in the poisonings of several individuals. Included within this is former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal, in 2018, as well as political opponent Alexei Navalny, in 2020. The sanctions under the US Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act of 1991 extend to individuals and Russian Government entities.  DON'T MISS: Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin [EXPLAINED]PM unleashes 'first barrage' of sanctions as Ukraine crisis deepens [NEWS]How Nicola Sturgeon wants UK to keep forking out AFTER independence [INSIGHT] About 30 Russian entities - among them banks, oil traders, the state-owned arms exporter Rosoboronexport and subsidiaries of state-owned oil company Rosnef - have been sanctioned for disregarding United Nations (UN) sanctions against North Korea, Syria and Venezuela. Another 23 - mostly vessels - are subject to penalties because of their involvement in the building of the Nord Stream Two gas pipeline from Russia to Germany. The German Government announced it had taken steps to halt the process of certifying the pipeline, which until now had remained out of operation. Germany’s Chancellor Olaf Scholz explained that he had taken the decision after Russian President Vladimir Putin publicly recognised two regions in eastern Ukraine as independent states.  The two areas in question, Donetsk and Luhansk, both have large numbers of ethnic Russians. Mr Putin’s decision has sent shock waves around the world and raised fears of an imminent full-scale invasion of its ex-Soviet neighbour. Elsewhere, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said the UK will impose sanctions against five Russian banks and three billionaires. The EU has also published its own set of sanctions proposals, which included targeting members of the Russian parliament and banks financing Russia's military. US President Joe Biden has already signed an executive order that prohibits new investment, trade and financing by Americans in the breakaway regions. Further measures from the US are expected to be announced later in the week. 