  Comedienne Dawn French, 64, spoke about her style transformation on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show today. Opening up about the new do' with the BBC Radio 2 presenter, Dawn revealed that she felt like her decision to go grey was no big deal.    Zoe, 51, asked the French and Saunders star whether the new haircut felt “liberating” and whether she felt “fabulous” on her breakfast show this morning. In response, Dawn said: “Yeah, I do. I mean, I don’t feel so fabulous today. “It’s all completely mad because obviously, I’ve got no power,” she added in reference to Storm Franklin, “I didn’t wash it and whatever so I’ve got a big hat on today.” Dawn went on to confirm that she was ready to embrace her new look without taking any of it too seriously.     Speaking about the dyeing process, she said: “It took a while to do it, because I’ve been dyeing [my hair] for so long, and do you know what I feel, Zoe? It’s just hair! “That’s all it is - it’s hair. You know, we spend so much time and money on it and I’m the guiltiest of that and I loved my hair. It took me 30 minutes to do it everyday and I loved that bob. “But I’m ready for this now and not to be dyeing it anymore and kind of embracing the grey.” Dawn continued to explain that her hair was very much a temporary thing and that she could easily go back to her old style if she wanted to.     “Now look, the thing is if I get to the point where - because I want to have the bob again - and see what it looks like with the grey and that will take a while to grow…” she said. “If we get there and I don’t like it… Guess what? I’m going to dye it!” Dawn, who had been rocking her signature bob for decades, finally called it quits with the hairstyle back in June. At the time, the star wowed her 388,000 Instagram followers with the announcement that she would be embracing going grey, as she showed off a freshly styled haircut.      Alongside snaps of her hair fading from a dark brown to a lighter colour before pulling it back to reveal the grey underneath, she penned: “Going lighter bit by bit to happily welcome the grey… “With an undercut surprise…! Hello there woman in her 60s…” (sic) Since then, the star has been documenting her hair transformation in view of her followers. Last year, Dawn could be seen sporting a stunning silver quiff and appeared to be beaming from ear to ear.      Last month, the funny woman posted a pic of her short hair in plaits with the caption: “Today I am mostly twisting the heck out of this grey explosion while I wait for it to grow. COME ON!!!” Dawn appeared on Zoe’s show to promote her new solo stand-up comedy tour, controversially named Dawn French Is A Huge Tw*t. The actress is also starring opposite her longtime comedy partner and friend Jennifer Saunders in Kenneth Branagh’s Death on the Nile, which is being shown in UK cinemas now. The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs weekdays on BBC Radio 2 from 6.30am.   