Mr Johsnon gave the warning after visiting the personnel at RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire, who are providing military support to Ukraine and NATO. The Prime Minister said the West is “tightening the economic ligature” around Vladimir Putin's Russia after he visited the RAF base last night.  Mr Johnson confirmed Britain would be sending further arms to the Ukrainians and said financial measures were essential to put pressure on the Kremlin. He told broadcasters: “It is incredibly important for tightening the economic ligature around the Putin regime.” On Saturday, Mr Johnson addressed the public of Ukraine and Russia in a short video which he posted on his social media account. During the video, he took a swipe at the Russian president, claiming the war on Ukraine was not going his way.  He said: “Things are not going all the way of President Putin. “Very far from it, the Ukrainians are fighting heroically, and in some places with great success.” Following another phone-call with the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Saturday night, Mr Johnson said Europe must now face the “hideous reality” that previous attempts at diplomacy with President Putin were “a charade”. He added that many months ago it was clear Putin was attached to the “semi-mystical view” that Ukraine is part of Russia.  READ MORE: Shark warning: Great Whites to move towards UK from the Mediterranean The PM continued to say that 1,000 troops would be sent to the region to “help people fleeing for their lives” as thousands of refugees flee the war-torn country. He said: “We have sent 1000 troops to theatre to help with the influx [of refugees] and we will of course help people fleeing for their lives.” In the latest round of sanctions the US, Canada and several key European countries, including Germany, have agreed to remove “selected Russian banks” from the Swift payment system, the countries announced in a joint statement on Saturday. It read: “As Russian forces unleash their assault on Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities, we are resolved to continue imposing costs on Russia that will further isolate Russia from the international financial system and our economies. “We will implement these measures within the coming days. DON'T MISS: Trump says Ukraine invasion ‘should never have happened’ Meghan Markle and Prince Harry win NAACP awardElon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv “We commit to ensuring that selected Russian banks are removed from the Swift messaging system. “This will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally. Earlier German Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced he was dropping his country's opposition to the move removing a major obstacle to an international agreement. He said: “The horror of what is unfolding in Ukraine is becoming clear to Western audiences and that, in turn, is putting huge pressure on Western politicians.” 