State pensioners hoped for a bumper eight percent increase as average wage growth soared due to many Britons returning to work. However, the Government saw this kind of rise as unsustainable, and unfair to younger taxpayers. As a result, the triple lock was temporarily scrapped in favour of a double lock mechanism. This saw the wage growth element of the policy ignored, instead measured between the rate of inflation and 2.5 percent. Pensioners can therefore expect a 3.1 percent increase this year, based on inflation as of September 2021. Many have lamented this increase as modest compared to what they originally expected. READ MORE: State pension: Pensioners could get extra £4,660 each year This was a sentiment recently reflected by Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, who expressed frustration at the policy. She said: “If suspending the triple lock for a single year helps get a Government deal on social care over the line then I believe it’s a price worth paying. “But only if it really is just a one-off measure and not a sneaky way for Ministers to ditch the triple lock altogether.” Ms Abrahams shared there are currently more than two million pensioners across the UK deemed as living in poverty. DON'T MISSState pension warning as Britons may not get full sum at retirement [WARNING]State pension top up available for over 80s - and sum is set to rise [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax: You could slash bill by £130,000 or more - act now [EXCLUSIVE] This creates extra concern as these individuals could struggle financially in the coming year. She continued: “I do think most older people will understand if they receive only a relatively modest state pension increase in April. “It is however imperative that the triple lock reverts to normal next year to help all those pensioners on low and modest incomes who desperately need it.” The Government has insisted the suspension of the triple lock is only a temporary measure. However, Express.co.uk readers appear sceptical about the future of the policy. John Burman said: “How can a party say read our manifesto, vote for me, and then change it?” David222 remarked: “If the triple lock is cancelled or changed that will be the last time we vote for Conservatives in this household.” While Narla stated: “Every voter is a future pensioner. What you do to pensioners now affects your future pension. Think about it.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For those who are worried about their finances, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has suggested they look into Pension Credit. Pension Credit is designed specifically to help those above state pension age who are on low incomes. Britons can find out if they are eligible by using the Pension Credit calculator on the Government’s website. They will need details of: