Pep Guardiola has aimed a subtle dig at Manchester United - among other Premier League rivals - after opening up on the playing styles his Manchester City side encounter. The Spaniard claimed that only Liverpool, Brighton, Arsenal, Aston Villa and Leeds attempt to take the game to City, while the majority of Premier League opposition - including their fierce city rivals - opt to sit back against the defending champions.  City restored their six point gap atop the league standings at the weekend with a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Everton at Goodison Park. Phil Foden pounced on a defensive lapse late on to scramble in the winner and reestablish City's Premier League advantage, though title-chasers Liverpool have a game in hand following their Carabao Cup commitments. Guardiola's relief was clear for all to see at full-time and the City boss could be seen paying tribute to the club's supporters following a tense affair in which his side were forced to be patient. Following the triumph, the Spaniard admitted his City side had grown accustomed to facing opposition who pack their defence and prove difficult to break down. JUST IN: Liverpool 'very carefully' consider signing star Klopp says is 'one of the most exciting' When discussing the tactics of opposition teams, Guardiola named only five Premier League sides who he feels make a concerted effort to take the game to City. “I know we provoke them, but except Liverpool, Brighton, Arsenal, Villa and Leeds United, the rest sit back," Guardiola revealed. "I’m not saying there is anything wrong with that - every manager can do what they want. “One of the principles is to be patient. Don’t concede goals and in the right moment we can do it. DON'T MISSArsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in Carabao Cup final[OPINION]Man Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba[REPORT]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION] “We need to continue doing like this.” While closest challengers Liverpool were one of the sides drawing acknowledgement from the City boss, the likes of United, Chelsea and Tottenham were omitted from his list. The remarks are another telling reminder that there has been a significant power shift in Manchester over the past decade. United were always deemed the city's superior force, however, the Red Devils have failed to raise the Premier League title aloft since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013.  In contrast, City have clinched the crown on four occasions since, with Guardiola delivering three of those titles within the last four seasons. During the only Manchester derby played so far this campaign, back in early November, City ran out comfortable 2-0 winners at Old Trafford, dominating proceedings from the first minute until the last. The pair resume their rivalry this Sunday at the Etihad and Ralf Rangnick's United will be no doubt keen to make a good account of themselves following Guardiola's thinly-veiled dig. City have only suffered defeat on three occasions in the Premier League so far this season, once at home to Crystal Palace and twice to Tottenham. 