Sony is getting ready to reveal the full list of March 2022 PlayStation Now games. The next wave of PS Now titles will be announced at 4.30pm GMT on Monday, February 28. The new games will be available to download and stream the following morning. Games leaving the service include SUPERHOT, Killing Floor 2 and Moonlighter, while Mafia Definitive Edition was removed early last week. While it's never good to see a beloved game leave the service, it looks like Sony will more than make up for it in March. In a surprise update on the PlayStation Blog, Sony has unveiled the first new game coming to PS Now in March. Rivalling some of the new releases on Xbox Game Pass, Sony has confirmed that Shadow Warriors 3 will be the first game to join PS Now next month. Better yet, Shadow Warrior 3 will be a PlayStation Now title on the day it launches on March 1. The news was announced in a blog post by Sony, alongside new details about what to expect when the game releases next month. "The Shadow Warrior series has always leaned into the concept that a melee weapon like our katana shouldn’t be thought of as a last resort when you run out of ammo but rather a lethal option in the arsenal that makes players risk getting closer in order to land devastating blows on demons. "The new game expands on that mechanic in a few ways including the ability to level up your katana to perform new attacks and creating a relationship between how you kill an enemy and the resources gained from each conquered monster. "Striking down a demon with the katana will now yield ammo for your ranged weapons, while blasting them to bloody pieces drops health to patch yourself up and go in for more close-up combat. It’s a viciously fun cycle and we think it will keep players dancing between blades and bullets with each encounter." If you fancy giving PlayStation Now a try, Sony is offering 12 months of the service for £49.99. Alternatively, you can sign up for three months of PlayStation Now for £22.99, or one month for just £8.99. And remember to check back at 4.30pm GMT on February 28 for the full list of games coming to PS Now next month.