Marcus Wareing's new series “Tales from a Kitchen Garden" sees the chef returning to his home county to produce his own food, grow vegetables, and then turn them into delicious meals. Marcus Wareing said: "I’m a totally different person here." The kitchen garden has everything the chef needs to prepare the healthiest dishes: from pumpkins to cucumbers, raspberries and wild garlic. Marcus and his wife Jane bought the country house five years ago when their children moved to boarding schools around the area. The couple have three children: Jake, 20, Archie, 17, and Jessie, 14. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours  The series is mainly filmed in the garden and in a makeshift kitchen on the property's beautiful terrace. Here, the chef has wooden shelves where he places all his fresh and organic ingredients. Inside the property, the modern home with rustic decor features a spotless kitchen with white French doors, grey cupboards, wooden floors and a large dark wooden kitchen table where the couple enjoy their delicious homemade meals. From the kitchen, the family enjoy the views of the gorgeous outside area. The beautiful back garden includes a duck pond, 11 beehives, an orchard with crabapples and a paddock.  The property comes with five chickens, three sheep, two ducks, two cows and two pigs. The celebrity chef reportedly takes care of them himself. The minimal house is immaculate as Marcus is a clean freak, his wife Jane once admitted during an interview. Jane explained: "Years ago, when he was home late every night, I’d have to make sure his route through the house was clear of clutter. "I’ve lost count of the number of times he’s thrown shoes into the street. "I’m surprised he’s ignoring the tea towel on the floor, or that mug off a coaster…" Marcus admitted his life completely changed since moving to East Sussex. "The way I live and work in London is completely different, I really do relax here," he told The Telegraph. Marcus and his wife Jane were at his second home in East Sussex when a gang broke into their London home a couple of years ago. The couple have another six-bedroom property in Wimbledon, in South West London. The chef said they reportedly stole £33,000-worth of valuables from his £5million London mansion. Talking about why he returned to the country, Marcus explained: “I wanted to find a type of sheep that was a little bit different, with great fat content, great flavour, and the Lonk sheep was one of them, and because I lived in Lancashire as a boy, going around all the different farms with my father or his workmen, I used to see sheep everywhere, so it seemed like the right place and the most obvious place to go there to for that particular ingredient.”