There are three "major warning signs" of HHNS you need to be aware of if you have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes at any point in your life. The global diabetes community reveals all three. The first is experiencing "weakness down one side of the body", while another is "hallucinations" or "warm skin without sweat". Other possible indications of HHNS include: "Usually, HHNS is brought on by an illness or infection," the global diabetes community noted. The "dangerous condition" is the result of extremely high blood sugar levels. To be specific, a blood sugar reading of 33mmol/l (600mg/dl) or above – for an extended period of time – is a risk factor for HHNS. If you experience signs of HHNS, it is recommended to "keep yourself hydrated and seek medical help". READ MORE: Bowel cancer – Two sensations indicative of a growing cancerous tumour – 'don't ignore' "Some people who don’t realise they have type 2 diabetes don’t get diagnosed until they are very unwell with HHS," Diabetes UK pointed out. Type 2 diabetes symptoms The NHS stated: "Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell." Symptoms of high blood sugar (and type 2 diabetes) include: A GP can diagnose type 2 diabetes, so if you identify with any of these warning signs, it's advisable to book a doctor's appointment. Diabetes is considered a "lifelong condition" that affects everyday life. People diagnosed with the condition usually have to make some adjustments to their diet and exercise regime. For instance, those aiming to keep their blood sugar levels within a healthy range should keep sugar, fat, and salt to a minimum. Instead, the focus should be on eating vegetables, fruits, and some starchy foods, like pasta. "If you find it hard to change your diet, a dietitian might be able to help," the NHS added. "Talk to your GP or diabetes nurse to see if the cost could be covered through the NHS." Increased physical activity is also paramount in controlling blood sugar levels. The NHS recommends that everybody should aim for at least 150 minutes of moderate activity each week.