And Kim Kardashian could have made a mistake ditching Ye, with the pair enjoying a 90 percent compatibility rating. A Libra and Gemini respectively, it seemed at one point the two were a “match written in the stars” – but they are now divorcing after seven years. And Kim’s compatibility with her latest flame, Saturday Night Live host Pete Davidson, dips to only 70 percent. Expert astrologer Marion Williamson from Hint, a subscription-based astrology app that matches users with an astrologist, which compiled the data, said: “Who could forget about “Kimye”. “When two Air signs get together, they feel as though they are “meant to be”, and it was clear from Ye’s very romantic proposal that passions were high. “Their matching Moon signs means emotionally, they were on the same page – dreamy, romantic and creative. “But too much of the same airy qualities means there was no solid ground in this dynamic. “With Kim and Pete, these two just love being in love, and it's out there in the usual Kim style for everyone to see. “Pete's romantic charm and awesome sense of humour have her hooked, and she's on point when it comes to keeping his intensity in check.” But Kim’s sister Kourtney seems to be faring better in her current relationship, with her and fiancé Travis Barker enjoying a 90 percent compatibility rating – which drops to just 65 percent with her ex, Scott Disick. Among the royals, Prince Harry and Meghan – along with Prince William and Kate – both secured a 95 percent compatibility rating from their star signs. The Duke of Sussex, a Virgo, along with his Leo wife Meghan, secured a five out of five rating when it comes to their emotions. Williamson said: “Harry will stop at nothing to protect his loved ones. “He’s grounded but determined and protective, and when combined with Meghan’s playful, feminine, personable nature, they are the ultimate Prince and Princess. “Shy Wills was probably more than a little taken aback when he first met confident Kate. “She’s smart and refined, with a slightly competitive edge, while Will is a true romantic with dreams of family games on the lawn.” Other couples included in the list are Rihanna and A$AP Rocky, who announced they were expecting a baby in the coming months. The Umbrella singer, a Pisces, and her rap superstar hubby, a Libra, enjoy a five out of five love-heart rating when it comes to intimacy and emotions. And perhaps Bennifer was meant to be all along, as Jennifer Lopez and her fellow Leo Ben Affleck, who recently rekindled their romance, have a 95 percent compatibility rating. A Hint spokesman added: “They share the same goals, have similar responses and emotional patterns, and approach challenges together. “Even a 20-year gap hasn’t dented their feelings, and this pair must have known they had something remarkable when they first got together.” If you want to check before you match, plug in your crush, hubby, partner and see what’s in the stars for you by visiting here. TOP 15 COMPATIBLE COUPLES: