Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick holds significant doubts over whether Cristiano Ronaldo should be the club's starting striker beyond the summer. Rangnick is running out of patience with the out-of-form forward, who has lost quality and composure in the final third in recent weeks. Ronaldo was frustrated again as Watford held United to a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford on Saturday, hitting the post and netting a disallowed goal in the first half. The 37-year-old has now scored just once in his last 10 games, a run that included his longest drought since the 2008/09 season. But with Edinson Cavani unavailable for six of United's last seven outings, his place in the starting line-up has been secure. However, the Manchester Evening News report Rangnick has 'major reservations' about United starting next season with Ronaldo as the club's first-choice striker. JUST IN: Rangnick's 'dreaming' admission poses concern over Man Utd transfers His 'patience is wearing thin' amid the surreal reality that the Portuguese icon's confidence looks shot for the first time in his glistening career. Rangnick has already admitted it's 'obvious' United need a new, young striker this summer, so it's an area the club will likely focus on as he enters a two-year advisory role at Old Trafford. But he is currently reluctant to drop Ronaldo to the bench, despite his continued woes before goal, given he has minimal options for various reasons. After full-time against Watford, Rangnick was questioned about his concerns over Ronaldo's excessive workload. READ MORE: Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke to aid Edu with ‘significant summer outlay’ And the German coach admitted those worries were there but explained United's striker options are thin in the current circumstances. He said: "Yes, but we have to play with those players we have available. I spoke with him [on Friday] before the game, before the training session. "He told me he was fully fit to play, and that's why I decided to have him in the starting XI. Edinson is not available, and we don't have that many other central strikers." United are in a dire situation, and, in hindsight, the decision to send Anthony Martial to Sevilla on loan in January was ill-judged. The Frenchman's future beyond the summer is just as in doubt as Cavani's, almost certain to leave on a free transfer upon his contract expiry. Rashford is also enduring similar struggles to Ronaldo, scoring just five goals in almost as many months, and was dropped again on Saturday. With Mason Greenwood's suspension unlikely to be lifted anytime soon, if at all given the severity of accusations made against him, United are desperate for Ronaldo to rediscover his scoring touch this season. But next term, Rangnick could well advise his successor in the dugout to start their new era without the number seven as an untouchable starter. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.