Married at First Sight is a reality show unlike any other, where experts pair up singletons who meet for the first time when they are about to say their vows. After their weddings, they must get to know one another and see if they really have been matched with "the one". While the E4 series is a major success with viewers, not all of the contestants have had the best experience. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight UK season 6.Megan Wolfe and Bob Voysey were matched on Married at First Sight UK season six which aired on E4 last year. Bob seemed to have developed feelings for Megan but she remained unsure as she didn't feel that attraction towards her new husband. She went on to kiss fellow contestant Jordon Mundell which resulted in plenty of backlash from viewers towards Megan. Prior to Married at First Sight Australia's latest series premiering in the UK, Megan spoke to Express.co.uk on how she feels about the way the reality series is edited. READ MORE: Amanda Redman opens up on relationships with co-stars Megan explained: "I think going into it, you know what you are signing up for to some capacity but not the way it turned out. "The annoyance is in the negligence for real people and the fact that they have to go on and live their lives and the fact you put it forward as reality when in reality it is a very contrived version of you. "There is definitely some bitterness there, again, a lot of people are like 'well you know what you signed up for' but you don't. "You can't quite possibly imagine what you're signing up for." When approached by Express.co.uk regarding the editing process, a Channel 4 spokesperson commented: “Married at First Sight UK episodes can represent several days in the lives of our couples. "While we cannot show every moment, we carefully put these episodes together to ensure that what we show is fair and accurate. "Contributor care and wellbeing is of paramount importance to us and appropriate support is available to contributors before, during and after broadcast.” Fellow contestant Marilyse Corrigan also said she was "disappointed" with the show for some of the matches they made. She was paired with Franky Spencer who was deemed controversial at the time as he was accused of gaslighting his wife which she denies. "You really think you're going to be matched with someone you're going to be with forever", Marilyse commented. "I think they did a good match with me and Franky, I don't disagree with that at all. "But I think some of the couples weren't a good match and they knew it wasn't going to be a good match, they did it for the drama, obviously, for the viewings. DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [CAST]Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley [TRIBUTE]Married At First Sight Australia 2022 UK release date [RELEASE DATE] "So it is disappointing isn't it, some of them did not know what was going to happen." Responding to Marilyse's comments, a Channel 4 spokesperson added: “The matchmaking process on Married at First Sight UK is undertaken by a panel of experts – the experts on-screen and an off-screen psychologist. "The methodology is underpinned by in-depth profiling and research to discover everything they need to know in order to match couples for compatibility.” Married at First Sight UK has already been given the green light for a seventh series, however, an official release date hasn't been announced for the popular reality show just yet. However, going by the previous start date, it could begin sometime in August 2022. Although many will be excited to see the show return, some of its stars now have a tainted view. Megan added: "I think going into it, you think people are somewhat humane and have a conscience and they will present you as you are, good and bad, you don't think you'll be shown in one light. "Saying it is reality, people will see who I am, some people won't like me, some people will, as is life, but you will have a balanced representation. "I think that's what shocked me, there is no responsibility to show you as you are." Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.