Manchester United midfielder Jesse Lingard has aimed a subtle yet cheeky dig at former team-mate Daniel James on social media after Sunday's 4-2 win over Leeds United at Elland Road. United triumphed in a fierce grudge match as torrential rain hammered down in West Yorkshire. Interim manager Ralf Rangnick handed Lingard his first Premier League start of the season as one of three changes from the 2-0 win over Brighton & Hove Albion last time out. But the 29-year-old struggled to deliver before being replaced by Anthony Elanga after 67 minutes. He only had 29 touches, won just three of his nine duels and was dribbled past thrice as one of the wingers in Rangnick's 4-3-3 system. Lingard was playing on the opposite flank as James, who started for United in the 5-1 triumph over Leeds at the start of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick has four players in trouble after Leeds win In August, the Wales international left Old Trafford in a £25million deal after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sanctioned Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo's arrivals. And at one stage, it seemed like he would be enjoying bragging rights over his former peers after providing a brilliant assist for Raphinha's equaliser on 54 minutes. But Fred and Elanga struck later in the second half to add to Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes' first-half headers. And there were plenty of celebrations on the pitch and social media following full-time. READ MORE: Gary Neville picks out concerning David de Gea stat despite Leeds win Lingard posted four images on his Instagram after United extended their lead in fourth over West Ham United to four points. One of them pictured the England international running down the wing with the ball as James watched on whilst on his knees. It was an interesting choice of image, given James was primarily preferred over Lingard during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's tenure, leading to his desire to leave United. But it could be just to fuel the banter between two former teammates who are more than likely good friends off the pitch. Lingard will hope his first league start for United in two years will lead to more opportunities under Rangnick this season. Mason Greenwood's suspension, Marcus Rashford's inconsistent form and Edinson Cavani's nagging injury woes should ensure that. But it seems almost certain he is on his way out of the Old Trafford exit door this summer once his contract expires. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.