Sky News correspondent, Adam Parsons discussed the invasion of Ukraine by Russian military forces. Russian President Vladimir Putin decided to attack Ukraine, despite global pushback from Western political leaders who threatened Mr Putin with financial sanctions. Mr Parsons questioned the point of having a European Union, as the Union has been unable to maintain peace and stop the war. Mr Parsons also claimed that the threat of financial sanctions has done nothing to deter Mr Putin, and more needed to be done to de-escalate the tensions between the two neighbouring European countries.  Mr Parsons said: "Well I think they've heard this rhetoric before and to be frank, Russia has now invaded Ukraine. "Nobody has any doubt that Russia has got military might, but at the same time, I think the EU and this is a word we've overused does face an existential question, about what is the point of the European Union. "Because this body of 27 countries, ranging from the very rich to the not so rich, exists predominately to maintain peace in Europe. "That's one of the fundamentals of it." JUST IN: Putin's WARNING to the West: Interfere and you will face wrath greater than any in history    Mr Parsons added: "Now you've got to walk the walk. "So they came up with a package of sanctions, they have been talking sanctions. "And they released them actually almost at the same time as Russia began this invasion. "We got these details finally, of the sanctions package against Russia, all that talk hasn't done anything to deter Mr Putin. READ MORE:'Point of no return' – Terrifying meaning of 'Z' symbol emblazoned on Russian tanks Prime Minister Boris Johnson, like many other political leaders, slammed Putin's actions whilst he announced brutal sanctions on Russia. Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss has also condemned President Putin and had warned him previously that repercussions in the form of drastic sanctions would be placed on his country if he were to invade Ukraine soil. Mr Truss wrote: “With so much at stake, the United Kingdom is leading the charge to rally international support for Ukraine and to respond alongside our allies with strength. “That’s why we have been at the forefront in supplying defensive weapons and economic support to Ukraine. 