I know, who knew that could work? Quite a humbling experience. Gives you a profound sense of perspective.  Anyway, weird thing happened while I was in hospital. When I went under the knife I remember it definitely being 2022. But I seem to have woken up in 1939. While I was asleep a clearly unhinged, but formidable, maniac with a desperate nationalist belief that his nation has lost its place in the world (indeed been humiliated by his enemies) was ranging his tanks against a European neighbour - basically demanding Lebensraum. And last night he sent them in. An unhinged, pathological liar and false-flag expert, only too happy to commit crimes against his own people as a ruse to create a fictional foe, was professing peace to a credulous West while actually planning a Blitzkrieg lightning war to overtake his neighbour's democratic nation with overwhelming force. Meanwhile across the pond sat a lame duck and weak Democrat president, making only one concrete promise to a Europe terrorised by the military might of a rogue fascist state - "crack on, we won't be getting involved thanks." And an utterly spineless, pointless League of Nations collapsed, silent in the face of looming war. Like the man said it's deja vu all over again. The parallels between Hitler in 1939 and what is playing out in Russia and Belarus and Crimea seem almost too easy and obvious to draw. And the price of weakness or appeasement is now crystal clear. Yet here we are. The unthinkable, the utterly unthinkable, has happened. We have woken up this morning to a war in Europe. My generation, and those subsequent, thought history had moved on, that European wars were impossible. But that, I'm afraid, was our trusting liberal democratic vanity - we have, once again, watched on as an angry European despot hellbent on restoring his country's perceived greatness, has shored up his military and economic position for war. And we have done nothing. Worse, we have allowed Russian billions to be happily laundered through London, and turned a blind eye to what was obviously the testbed invasion of Crimea. Putin, the murderous thieving criminal we have grovelled to in the dubious interests of diplomacy has today started a war in Europe. For too many decades we have been using the politics of the cold war as a guide. But this is not a cold war - this is not a theoretical balance and counter balance of weapons and manpower and money it is a hot war with tanks rolling, missiles flying and people, lots of people, about to die. We never thought it could happen did we? Not really. We thought it was Putin's sabre rattling, international politicking. And, let's be honest, we don't really know what to do. Sanctions, and they now need to be comprehensive, are indeed a key part of the fight but the West - the world - needs to re-think, at least put back on the table, a military response. But we won't. Joe Biden is simply too weak, and despite Ben Wallace's bizarre outburst about kicking Russia's a**, without US might the Russian onslaught is unstoppable. So Putin will just roll over Ukraine and roll over the rule of international law and global security in the full knowledge there isn't much downside. Every enemy of the west will be emboldened to do their worst. The doves are telling us the alternative is a bigger deadlier war - that it's worth sacrificing Ukraine. But it's not. If we really believe in democracy and our western world view we have to step up. Ukraine is massive - two and a half times bigger than Britain and a successful invasion would of course allow Putin to line up his tanks on the border of Poland and the former Czechoslovakia. Ringing any bells? Hungary and Romania would also be threatened, as well as Estonia and Latvia in the north. All NATO members, all easy targets for a Putin false flag about the West's guns on his doorstep, all potential excuses for the even bigger, even deadlier European conflagration the doves are trying to avoid. Today marks a genuine existential threat to the European peace we have taken for granted for almost a century. What happens next is going to hurt. We didn't ask for war, and we failed to prevent war, but war it is. Our present is suddenly very grim indeed. But if we, Britain. America, NATO, the EU and the wider world do not stand together and speak the only language Putin understands our future will be so much worse.