Mikhail Fridman and Oleg Deripaska condemned Putin's invasion of Ukraine, calling for peace talks to take place "as fast as possible". Mr Fridman, who was ranked 128th in the Forbes 2021 rich list, was born in western Ukraine. He is also a co-founder of Russia’s largest private bank Alfa. "I am deeply attached to the Ukrainian and Russian peoples and see the current conflict as a tragedy for them both." He added: "This crisis will cost lives and damage two nations who have been brothers for hundreds of years. "While a solution seems frighteningly far off, I can only join those whose fervent desire is for the bloodshed to end. "I'm sure my partners share my view." Mr Deripaska - founder of Russian aluminium giant Rusal - called for peace talks to begin "as fast as possible" in a post on Telegram, adding: "Peace is very important." Another Russian billionaire, who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity, warned the war is "going to be catastrophic". They said: "It is going to be catastrophic in all senses: for the economy, for relations with the rest of the world, for the political situation. "Businessmen understand very well the consequences. READ MORE: Furious Russians turn on Putin - mass arrests as thousands protest "But who is asking the opinion of business about this?" This comes after the UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she was preparing a "hit list" of Russian oligarchs who will face sanctions over the coming weeks. She said there were more than 100 billionaires in Russia, some of whom will face "a rolling programme of sanctions". Speaking to Sky's Trevor Phillips on Sunday, she added: "We are targeting oligarchs’ private jets, we’ll be targeting their properties, we’ll be targeting other possessions that they have. DON'T MISS: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [REPORT] 'Thousands' of Britons could head to Ukraine to fight Putin's Russia [INSIGHT] Furious Russians turn on Putin - mass arrests as thousands protest [REACTION] "Frankly, over the past 15 years we haven’t done enough to stand up to Putin. "We’re now facing the reality of what that means. "And that is why we are taking a much tougher stand now." So far, eight Russian oligarchs are subject to individual UK sanctions. Putin and his foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, have also been sanctioned by the UK. However, the measures were seen to be symbolic because neither Putin nor Lavrov are thought to have assets in Britain.