Snoop Dogg, 50, was charged for first-degree murder in 1993, while he was touring in the UK at the time. The charges were later dropped, but the rapper revealed it was the Queen who allowed him to stay in the UK when he was facing the murder charges. Snoop Dogg, real name Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr., called the Queen his "gal" as he revealed she stepped in to stop him from being sent back to the US after he was accused of first-degree murder. The rapper and his bodyguard were arrested after a man was shot dead in Los Angeles. He was touring in the UK at the time, with many calling for him to be removed from the country. In a new interview with DJ Whoo Kid on YouTube, Snoop Dogg made the revelation. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid He recalled one UK newspaper headline reading "Kick this evil b***** out". Snoop told the DJ: "This was while I was fighting a murder case and over in the UK doing shows. "But guess who came to my defence? The Queen! "She said 'This man has done nothing in our country. He can come'." He continued: "Bow down... when the Queen speaks, bow down. "That's Harry and William's grandmother. You dig? "You think of them said 'Grandma, please let him in grandma! He's okay, we love his music'?" Snoop then impersonated an English accent as he pretended to be the Queen during the made up conversation. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [INSIGHT] Amanda Holden dazzles at star-studded 51st birthday bash [INSTAGRAM] 'My boys' Penny Lancaster reacts to snap of Rod Stewart and son Ali [LATEST] As the DJ and Snoop burst into laughter, Snoop addressed the Queen as he said: "Thank you Queen, I love you baby. "The Queen, that’s my gal." (sic) Both Snoop and his bodyguard were acquitted of murder in 1996, when his career was peaking. His album Doggystyle had topped the charts in America at the time. Most recently, the star revealed he was teaming up with Kelly Clarkson for a new TV talent show tipped to be the US version of the Eurovision Song Contest. It will feature performances from musicians representing all 50 states, five US territories and the American capital. He was also part of this year's time-show at the Super Bowl with it being hailed as the best in the history of the NFL. Snoop was followed by performances from 50 Cent, Kendrick Lamar, Mary J Blige, Eminem and Dr Dre.