The male swan was part of a mating couple whose eggs are ready to hatch soon. Authorities are now investigating the tragedy, which happened near a stream in a beauty spot in Dawlish, Devon, on the weekend. Although the eggs have been removed from the nest, the mother swan remains there and is being kept under close surveillance by water wardens. The dog was on a lead when it attacked the swan, Devon Live reports. A statement shared by both the Dawlish Town Council and Dawlish Waterfowl Facebook pages reads: "We are sad to inform everyone that there has been an unfortunate incident over the weekend where the father black swan has been killed by a dog on a lead in Tuck's Plot. "The waterfowl wardens have the removed the eggs from the nest to continue their incubation in the compound. "Mother swan is still at the nest, and the wardens will be maintaining a careful watch on her welfare.  "The exact circumstances of the incident are still being investigated. "We would remind everyone whether they have a dog or not to give all the waterfowl a distance and respect their space."  Dawlish Beach Cams, a series of public webcams in the seaside town, said on Facebook: "We have some very sad news. I've just been informed by Dawlish Town Council that the black swan dad was killed last night by a dog on a lead. "The eggs on the nest are due to hatch this week and have been moved into incubators in the aviary in the hope that they will still hatch. "Our wardens at Dawlish Waterfowl will keep an eye on mum." Fans of the birds have shared their outrage at the incident. On the Dawlish Waterfowl Facebook statement, people have left comments of anger directed at the dog owner and sympathy for the swans. One said: "Absolutely tragic loss of father Swan. Ban dogs from the area when nesting - they do in other places. So very sorry for all. "I hope the eggs survive, the Mum will be heartbroken. For goodness sake, some people really shouldn’t be allowed to have dogs. I bet they didn’t even own up."  