Loose Women star Brenda Edwards sang Whitney Houston’s The Greatest Love of All last night at the vigil of her son, Jamal Edwards. Jamal tragically died unexpectedly on Sunday, aged 31 years old. He was a music entrepreneur known for pioneering his YouTube channel SBTV and launching the careers of stars including Ed Sheeran and Jessie J. In 2014, he had received an MBE for services to music. Last night, crowds gathered in Acton to remember his life and many achievements. His devastated mother sang a beautiful rendition of Whitney’s famous song, which includes the lyrics: “I believe the children are the future. “Learning to love yourself, it is the greatest love of all.” After finishing her song, Brenda addressed the mourners and spoke of her wish that her son’s death might unite the community. “If we can do anything in 2022, can we please bring the community together,” the 52-year-old said, according to the Daily Mail. “Stop the fighting. Stop the killing. And build up our community. “We are not supposed to be losing our young people. If you see something happening. Try to stop it please.” In a statement released on Monday, Brenda confirmed the news of her son's death after a sudden illness. She shared that Jamal was the "centre of our worlds" and that she was “completely devastated” in an emotional tribute. The mum-of-two has often spoke openly about their close bond, raising Jamal and younger sister Tanisha in Luton before Brenda and stepdad Patrick moved the family to Acton, West London. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George's 'painful' pregnancy amid health woes [LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [ROW]Linda Nolan reaches out to Janey Godley amid cancer battle struggle [HEALTH] When Brenda was diagnosed with stage three breast cancer in 2015, Jamal moved back home to support her. “I didn't know how to deal with it,” he told The Guardian. "One of the things she took from me was my self-belief and positivity. That helped her get through it. But for me, that positivity left me. "They found the cancer at a late stage, she lost her hair and my head was all over the place as a result. But she smiled all the way through it. "She's in remission now. She's on Loose Women and involved in the Sister Act 2 tour. Life has changed around now. I learned that when it's raining outside it can be sunny in your brain.” The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall paid tribute to Jamal on Clarence House’s social media accounts yesterday. Charles, 73, wrote: "Thinking of the family of Jamal Edwards today. “His work in music but also as an ambassador for a new generation, including his work for The Prince's Trust, were an inspiration to so many."