Bridget Kendall, speaking on the BBC's Sunday Morning programme, explained how the Russian president not being able to justify an invasion of the Ukrainian capital has led to a pause. On the mood inside Russia, she said: "I like a lot of Russia analysts never thought this could happen. Ukrainians and Russians are very close. Reports we're getting from Moscow of people - one parent is Ukrainian, the other is Russian - they've got cousins in both places. Why would [Putin] want to embark on this? It doesn't make sense. Let alone the fact that it's an enormous country to try and subdue and it is in the eye of the world's media. "It's been very interesting in the last few days to note how the official media is handling this. They're calling it a 'special operation'. "Apparently, according to one of the papers today, they've been banned from using the words invasion or attack. It's trying to make it look as though it's happening in the south east of Ukraine where the battle has simmered for all these years since 2014. "It makes you realise why Putin might pause before going into Kyiv because how are they going to explain that to the Russian people?" Ms Kendall, who has interviewed Vladimir Putin twice, continued: "If you look among certain reports, there are frantic mothers who've got boys who are Russian conscripts, wondering what's happened to their boys.     "There is a law in Russia that says a conscript can't be sent into combat but if you sign up as a contract soldier, then you can. They're worried they're being forced to sign those contracts." She pointed to a social media clip which appeared to show a tank come to a shuddering halt because it had run out of fuel with a Ukrainian asking who they were and the occupants not even knowing where they were. Ms Kendall added: "It gives you a little sense that below the view we've had in the West of Putin being sort of all powerful and a chess board player who can move things around - there's another reality there that he has to deal with." The journalist went on to explain how Putin may now be looking at pausing offensives around Kyiv and going for other parts of the country, including Ukraine's Black Sea coast. READ MORE ABOUT RUSSIA'S CYBER ARMY TRACKING BRITAIN She said: "We know from reports in the Russian media they announced with triumph they had taken some land near Crimea. "They're going to try and get a bit of sea coast which is still Ukrainian between the areas they control in the south east of Crimea so maybe that's what [Putin's] going to think about now. "I think we have to be very fearful about what may happen in the days ahead, not just Kyiv." There was heavy fighting for Ukraine's second city, Kharkiv, in the northeast, where Russian troops blew up a natural gas pipeline, according to a Ukrainian state agency. The blast sent a mushroom cloud into the darkness though Ukraine's gas pipeline operator said the transit of Russian gas to Europe via Ukraine was carrying on as normal.  DON'T MISS: Boris and Liz Truss issue fierce double warning to Russia [LATEST] Putin’s cyber army are taking aim at British computers [REVEALED] Horror as homes evacuated after 'suspicious chemicals' found [REPORT] Ms Kendall's remarks come as an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said on Sunday the situation has not changed significantly in Ukraine with the country in control of territory west of Kyiv and Russian troops not making any advance in the south. Oleksiy Arestovych said: "The fact that a Russian delegation arrived in Gomel with a proposal to conduct peace talks from a military point of view means only one thing: they have lost the initiative and are now unable to continue active hostilities." The Kremlin said on Sunday that it has warned Ukraine that Moscow's military operation would be suspended during any potential talks, the Interfax news agency reported. Russia said earlier its delegation was ready to meet Ukrainian officials in the Belarusian city of Gomel, a location Kyiv rejected as President Zelenskiy said Minsk itself was complicit in the Russian invasion.   A series of blasts was heard to the west of Kyiv's centre on Sunday, minutes after air raid sirens sounded. Ukrainian media reported explosions and a gunfight in a nearby town. According to Ukrainian news website Segodnya.ua, a bridge has been blown up near the town of Bucha west of Kyiv. However, it is unclear whether it was bombed by Russian troops or destroyed by the Ukrainian side.   Mr Putin launched what he called a special military operation on Thursday, ignoring weeks of Western warnings and saying the "neo-Nazis" ruling Ukraine threatened Russia's security - a charge Kyiv and Western governments say is baseless propaganda. Russian missiles found their mark overnight, including a strike that set an oil terminal ablaze in Vasylkiv, southwest of Ukraine's capital, the town's mayor said. Online posts appear to show blasts sending huge flames and billowing black smoke into the night sky. Mayor, Natalia Balasinovich, said: "The enemy wants to destroy everything."