Charlize Theron, 46, starred in 2015's Mad Max: Fury Road along with British actor Tom Hardy, 44. In a new book, the author has detailed her alleged strained relationship with Tom on set. The claims have been made public in Kyle Buchananan's book titled Blood, Sweat & Chrome: The Wild and True Story of Mad Max: Fury Road. In this, Charlize details how the relationship between the pair became so strained on the film's set. Charlize, who played Imperator Furiosa in the book, has broken her silence amid claims of Tom's behaviour on set. Mark Goellnict, one of the camera operators on the film said he was three hours late on one day and Charlize was ready to film. However, Tom was nowhere to be seen, leading Charlize to really want "to make a point". He continued: "She didn't go to the bathroom, didn't do anything. She just sat in the War Rig." READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Upon his arrival, Charlize reportedly said to Tom: "How disrespectful are you?" She allegedly continued to suggest to producers that they should "fine the f*** a hundred thousand dollars" for time wasted. Mark continued that this led Tom to be "quite aggressive", leaving Charlize to feel "threatened". Addressing these claims about the incident, Charlize said: "It got to a place where it was kind of out of hand, and there was a sense that maybe sending a woman producer down could maybe equalise some of it, because I didn't feel safe." She continued: "I don't want to make excuses for bad behaviour, but it was a tough shoot. "Now, I have a very clear perspective on what went down. "I don't think I had that clarity when we were making the movie. I was in survival mode; I was really scared s******." Tom, who played Max, even admitted in the book that he felt in over his head "in many ways" while filming. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT] ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years [LATEST] Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [COMMENT] He said: "The pressure on both of us was overwhelming at times. "What she needed was a better, perhaps more experienced partner in me. "That's something that can't be faked. "I'd like to think that now that I'm older and uglier, I could rise to that occasion." Express.co.uk have contacted Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy's representatives for comment. Others on set said in the book that tension on the set between the pair was very high, including editor J Houston Yang. He claimed that it was "clear that those two people hated each other". "They didn't want to touch each other, they didn't want to look at each other, they wouldn't face each other if the camera wasn't actively rolling", J Houston added. Mad Max: Fury Road received a number of accolades, with ten Academy Awards at the 88th Academy Awards, taking home a record six awards.