A TV licence is required in the UK to watch or record live programming on any channel, not just the BBC. However, hundreds of thousands of people are missing out on this benefit.However, more than half a million people are missing out on this benefit. More than half a million pensioners are thought to be missing out on a free TV licence because they don’t know they could claim. Figures from charity Turn2us show that 589,000 older people are not claiming their free TV Licence costing £159 a year. To qualify for a free TV Licence, people need to have reached the age of 75 and be claiming Pension Credit. This means they need to be earning less than £177.10 per week or £270.30 for a couple. READ MORE: Billions unclaimed in Carer's Allowance, PIP and Attendance It’s not just pensioners who are losing out - four groups of Britons should qualify for a discounted or free licence. While older people aged over 75 receiving Pension Credit get a TV licence for free, blind or sight impaired people get a 50 percent reduction. Care home residents will pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while over-75s in residences that have ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Anyone who doesn’t watch live TV or record or stream doesn’t have to pay either. DON'T MISSBasic Income pilot to provide 500 people with £19,200 a year [UPDATE]'Why is money deducted from my state pension?' New guide explains [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis: Can you beat hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell? [ANALYSIS] Currently, culture secretary Nadine Dorries is consulting with the Government regarding the possibility of scrapping the BBC licence fee altogether. The House of Lords communications and digital committee is looking at alternative funding options for the BBC in the future. Baroness Stowell of Beeston, chair of the committee, said: "The broadcasting landscape is shifting rapidly, with intense competition, rising production costs and changing viewing habits. "Our inquiry will look at this changing media landscape and examine how the BBC should be funded in the future to deliver what is needed from a national public service broadcaster." Meanwhile, nearly three quarters (74 percent) of convictions for non-payment of TV licences have been for women despite them only making up 49 percent of licence holders. This has led to legal charity APPEAL sharing what households should do if a BBC enforcement officer turns up. People do not have to let officers inside or succumb to pressure to buy a TV licence if they don’t need one. Britons should also make the enforcement officers aware of any vulnerabilities or difficulties they have that are relevant to their case.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Who can get a free or discounted TV licence?