Arsenal legend Gilberto Silva has made it clear who he wants to see appointed the next Gunners captain. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has confirmed there will be a thorough process this summer to decide who will wear the armband going forward. Alexandre Lacazette has currently taken on the responsibility following the exit of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January. Lacazette's future at Arsenal is in serious doubt though, with his contract expiring this summer. Arteta has a leadership group which now includes just four players after Aubameyang's exit. Kieran Tierney, Granit Xhaka and Rob Holding are the other three alongside Lacazette. And Invincible Gilberto believes Tierney would be the best man for the job. TOP STORY: Tottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger  On Wednesday, Gilberto responded to a tweet asking who should be the next Gunners skipper. The Brazilian singled out Tierney, writing: "This is a really interesting question. I feel like there are a lot of natural leaders in our team. KT (Tierney) is definitely one of them." The two-time Premier League winner was beating the Tierney drum again on Thursday. Ahead of the visit of Wolves, Arsenal tweeted an interview with Tierney from their official club website and tagged the Scotland international in the tweet. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo's reaction to Anthony Elanga's Man Utd goal is brilliant to watch [PICTURES]Tottenham offered reassurance by Alessandro Del Piero after Antonio Conte meeting [QUOTES]Man Utd could spark tricky dilemma after 'concrete' offer for Borussia Dortmund star [TRANSFERS]  In reply, Gilberto wrote: "We love to see your passion, future captain?" Tierney has captained Arsenal on the odd occasion before, mostly when the other designated skippers have been substituted. He donned the armband in Saturday's 2-1 win over Brentford when Lacazette was replaced by Eddie Nketiah. The incident caused a mini storm on social media after it appeared Xhaka had refused to take the armband off Nketiah.  But Arteta has since cooled the situation, claiming Tierney was rightfully next in line. Tierney will be in with a chance of getting the captaincy on a permanent basis this summer. There are doubts over the futures of the other members of the leadership group. Xhaka is again linked with a move to Serie A side Roma, whereas Holding is struggling to break into the team on a regular basis.  Arteta says he will make his own decision of how the next skipper is picked at the end of the season. "There will be a thorough process in the summer, when we have time, when we have no competitions," the Spaniard said. "We will do it the right way. The way I want to do it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here