The Premier League have put out a brief statement on why the VAR team decided against awarding a penalty for Everton after Rodri appeared to handle the ball inside the box. Frank Lampard's side had frustrated Manchester City in the first half and were close to breaking the deadlock on several occasions.  City eventually gained a foothold in the game and began pressuring Jordan Pickford's goal to find the breakthrough. It eventually came in the 82nd minute when Phil Foden popped up with a neat finish past the Everton goalkeeper. But just minutes alter and the whole of Goodison Park were up in arms when Rodri appeared to handle the ball inside his own box. Richarlison had sprung the offside trap, racing through on goal to test Ederson with a low shot. JUST IN: Cunning reason Roman Abramovich stepped back from Chelsea  Ederson parried the effort, with the ball flying into the air with Rodri coming in to clear his lines. The midfielder allowed the ball to bounce and then appeared to control it with his arm before Everton players began to surround the referee. Paul Tierney waited as VAR took a long look at the incident with pundits and fans expecting a penalty to be awarded. But there was audible gasps in the stadium as Tierney confirmed Chris Kavanagh had decided it wasn't a penalty. DON'T MISS  The Premier League have now announced that there was "not clear enough evidence to show conclusively that it was handball". Frank Lampard was furious with the decision and called it "incompetence at best". He said: "I was calm, I was not shouting and ranting at him. I wanted to know if offside in the build up but I have been told it wasn't in the build up. "Go to VAR, they have two minutes to look at it and to think they have not given that as a penalty when it strikes him on the arm, in an unnatural position.  "I have a three year old daughter at home who could tell you that was a penalty. "We are fighting at the bottom of the table and they are fighting at the top and an easy decision to give on a penalty. "I don't know what has to happen as a reflection of that. A mistake is when you have done something wrong and don't have time to think about it, they had two minutes to digest the handball. "Even if the VAR says not sure, then go have a look. It is incompetence at best, if not that then someone needs to explain what it is." 