Witnesses have told local media that they heard gunshots at the store in Leidseplein, a square in the centre of the Dutch capital. The incident began at 5:40pm today when police were called to reports of a robbery at the shop.  Footage on social media showed an armed man holding one person at gunpoint behind a window. The man - partially covering his face - pushes his hostage to the window and appears to be holding a handgun. It is believed that at least two members of staff have been taken hostage. One witness told Dutch broadcaster AT5 they had to "run for my life" after hearing gunshots. READ MORE: PM unleashes 'first barrage' of sanctions as Ukraine crisis deepens  They added: "I was standing on the zebra crossing opposite the apple store. An employee walked out in panic with a walkie-talkie, yelling. "At that moment the penny hadn't dropped yet and I was about to cross the zebra crossing opposite the entrance to the Apple store. "And that's when I heard gunshots inside." A large number of emergency services are at the scene and people have been told to leave the area. DON'T MISS: Putin's forces in disarray as officers go AWOL [INSIGHT] Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin [ANALYSIS] PM unleashes 'first barrage' of sanctions as Ukraine crisis deepens [REVEALED] Amsterdam police said: “There’s a police operation due to a call at a store on Leidseplein." As the news broke, people flocked to social media to express their hopes that the situation was resolved peacefully. Sarah Sparks - a British woman living in the Netherlands - said she was a former employee at the tech firm's Amsterdam branch. She tweeted: "Just read that there’s a hostage situation going on at the Apple Store in Amsterdam. "I hope none of my ex-colleagues are involved and I hope everyone stays safe." Sami Fathi wrote: "This is extremely disturbing. What appears to be staff at the Apple Store in Amsterdam are being held at gunpoint in an ongoing hostage situation.  "Prayers to all to make it out safe." Footage on social media showed police surrounding the store as the neighbouring streets were deserted in the usually bustling European city. Other footage showed officers taking cover and training their weapons on the store. 