Stacey Solomon has filmed an update on how her family is faring after Storm Eunice. Fans of the singer were left concerned last week when her husband Joe Swash shared the damage it caused. On Friday, he took to Instagram to post about how the brutal winds impacted them. He could be seen in the short clip posing in front of a destroyed tree. Joe said to his 1.9 million followers on Instagram: "What is happening? “This wind is unbelievable! Look! READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death  “We've already lost a tree - what's going on?! This is madness!" Now Stacey has shared how it’s looking a few days after the storm. In the clip, she could be seen holding her youngest Rose in front of the broken tree. She said: “Now me and Rose are outside taking pictures of Storm Eunice tree to send to somebody.  “Because I thought maybe I’ll hire a chainsaw. “Then I realised how big it was.” She then quipped: “Also, Joe Swash plus chainsaw equals disaster.” Alongside her video, she penned: “Our tree split in the storm so I’m currently taking pictures of it to send to a tree surgeon. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [VIDEO]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm [PICTURES]   DON'T MISS...  Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT] Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [VIDEO] Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm [PICTURES] “It’s too big for me to chainsaw. “Also I don’t think I’m comfortable having one around.” The storm hit areas around the UK on Friday as the Met Office issued Red Weather warnings. This meant there was a danger to life from falling debris. Elsewhere, Stacey has been sharing updates from her dad’s birthday yesterday. The former X Factor star posted a video of her dad and Joe celebrating.  She wrote: “Dad came over about 4pm so we could all celebrate his birthday. “I haven’t seen him since he got here. “These two have been in the Cluedo room all night. “I came in to moan about them and they thought I was taking a picture of them.” Stacey sweetly added: “I actually love how much they love each other.” 