Jose Mourinho is clearly not having everything his own way in Italy and a former Roma star has savagely hit out at the Portuguese manager's time at the club so far. After a promising start at Roma, Mourinho has seen his side drop down the Serie A table. They are now in a fight to earn any European qualification for next season. Roma are eighth in Serie A with 12 matches of the campaign remaining. They are six points off Juventus in the final Champions League spot but sit outside the Europa League and Europa Conference League qualification places. Roma have won just two of their last eight league matches, drawing their last three. They drew 2-2 at home to Hellas Verona on Saturday, where Mourinho received his third red card as the club's manager in less than nine months in charge. JUST IN: Paul Scholes claims only one Man Utd player would get into Klopp's Liverpool team  They remain in the Europa Conference League but exited the Coppa Italia at the quarter-final stage to Inter Milan earlier this month. Former Roma forward Antonio Cassano is clearly unhappy with what he has seen from his old side this season. This is Mourinho's first job since being sacked by Tottenham in April 2021. Mourinho lasted just 18 months at Spurs and failed to end their long wait for silverware. DON'T MISSChelsea and Real Madrid 'discussing Eden Hazard loan' as part of Erling Haaland plan [GOSSIP]Eight former Chelsea players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]Mohamed Salah sent Kenny Dalglish message as Liverpool star warned over Anfield exit [QUOTES]  But Cassano says the 59-year-old is doing even worse than when he was in north London. “Roma are doing very badly, a disaster,” Cassano said on Twitch channel BoboTV. “I love Rome, and I can’t think that the fans are happy with the season. The banner that appeared this morning? I assume it’s some sporadic fans, nothing organised. “He’s (Mourinho) been doing terribly since that famous 6-1 defeat in Norway. They could have lost on Saturday, but then they made up for it with these two kids.  “In my opinion, they are also messages to the owners. It’s a particular situation, which I don’t like at all. They risk being out of the top seven now. “Mourinho is doing worse than he did at Tottenham, even from the media point of view, where he was always number one, bad. I’m not liking anything.” It is not just the manager who has received criticism. Mourinho brought in Arsenal star Ainsley Maitland-Niles on loan in January as well as Portuguese midfielder Sergio Oliveira.  But former Roma star Loris Boni says it has been difficult for the new players to have made a positive impact. Speaking on Italian radio station Centro Suono Sport, Boni said: “They haven’t impacted a lot. Maybe they haven’t settled in yet. "They have a hard time grasping Italian football. English and Portuguese football is quite different. “If you join a team that is not in condition, it’s not easy to fit in. They are players who have come to complete the staff. They aren’t ones who make the difference.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here