Former NCIS lead Mark Harmon exited his role as Special Agent In Charge Leroy Gibbs in the fourth episode of the new season, Great Wide Open. While fans of the CBS staple have been celebrating his legacy, the series is already taking advantage of his absence to poke fun at the team’s stone-cold ex-boss. The daughter of Dr Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen), Victoria (Elle Graper), returns in a new first-look clip at the next episode of NCIS. Season 19 is set to continue at the start of next week after a hiatus of more than a month with episode 13, The Helpers. Since Gibbs’ exit after nearly 20 years as the NCIS team leader, newcomer Agent Alden Parker (Gary Cole) has been filling in. However, Victoria wasted no time in hazing the new recruit when her father took her on a tour of the office in the latest clip. READ MORE: NCIS Sydney: Will Dwayne Pride return to NCIS in Australian spin-off? After introducing the rest of the team, Jimmy guides her to Alden’s desk, saying: “Over here we have…” A seemingly confused Victoria asks: “When did Gibbs grow a beard?” Jimmy’s teammates Tim McGee (Sean Murray) and Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) struggle to contain their laughter as he corrects her. He corrects her: “No, no, Victoria, this is Special Agent Parker, I told you about?” Victoria gives her father a knowing smile as he realises she was just making a joke. “Okay, you got me!” he stammers. “She’s - she’s pulling our legs.” A deadpan Alden adds: “A real chip off Dad’s block, huh?” While there will no doubt be another high-stakes mission at play in the next episode, Victoria’s return guarantees some more light-hearted moments when NCIS comes back. The clip also confirms Jimmy’s daughter has already built up a strong friendship with Nick, though has yet to officially meet new agent, Jessica Knight (Katrina Law). DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Floki star congratulates co-star’s awards nod [COMMENT]Riverdale’s Veronica star speaks out on ending [INSIGHT]Succession’s Brian Cox swears on Loose Women [VIDEO] Once Victoria and Nick had finished their complicated secret handshake, Jessica greets her with a rather awkward exchange. She insists Victoria calls her Jess, before adding: “I love your shoes. And… I love that backpack, too! “So cute,” she adds, as Nick looks at her rather bemused. Little is known about Jessica’s life outside of the office at the moment, so this brief moment could be setting up some complicated feelings towards kids to be explored further down the line. Following the exit of fellow agent Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham), there have also been rumours of a potential romance between Nick and Jessica - could this episode be sowing the seeds of their relationship? The official logline reads: “While investigating the death of an intruder at Quantico, Jimmy and Kasie (Diona Reasonover) are exposed to a deadly biotoxin, and the NCIS team calls on Doctor Carol Wilson (Meredith Eaton) for help as they race to find the antidote. Also, Torres tries to distract Jimmy's daughter.” Some new images have also been released, which reveal Jimmy and his colleague Kasie Hines in danger in the NCIS lab. Victoria has already experienced the tragic death of her mother, so fans will be praying this won’t be the end of Jimmy when NCIS returns next Monday. NCIS season 19 continues Monday, February 28 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be confirmed.