In light of what’s gone on in previous administrations and what’s going on currently in the rest of the world - Russia’s threat against Ukraine, China hovering over Taiwan, civil war in Myanmar, and global energy prices, to name but a few - let alone important issues in the UK – inflation, social care, and a society divided by Covid – Downing Street’s antics seem minor in comparison. Don’t get me wrong, millions, including me, have been horrified by Boris and his gung ho attitude and lack of control, but let’s all be honest and accept that at some stage I’m sure a great many of us have broken Covid rules over the last couple of years. There can be no excuses Boris, you were caught red-handed, the buck stops with you. I’m not sure I believe Boris, but I do believe in him. Remember, the vast majority voted him in, knowing that he could be a “naughty boy” and against many predictions, he produced a stonking majority. He achieved Brexit as promised, albeit not on the best of terms. Apart from a stuttering start, he has opened up the country by bringing Covid under control with a brilliant vaccine programme second only to Israel, and we’re now becoming the fastest growing economy in the G7. Would you like his job? I don’t think so. He hasn’t been allowed to govern, having to deal with 2 years of unprecedented situations outside his control, so before we hound him out of office, I think he deserves another chance. READ MORE... Piers Morgan questions 'unrecognisable' Prince Harry after Megxit  Everybody makes mistakes (Tony Blair and Iraq, and Gordon Brown selling off our Gold Reserves). Boris Johnson needs the chance to fulfil his manifesto pledges, his levelling up agenda and if he doesn’t do that, then let the people be judge, jury, and executioner.  As with Blair and New Labour , we have Boris and New Conservatism, gone are the days of pleasing the rich and ignoring the poor. Blair leaned to the right, upsetting many grassroots socialists, now Boris is leaning to the left, upsetting his hard right detractors.  I say to Tory MPs - wake up, remember who got you into Parliament, another election for leadership, and subsequently a general election to get a mandate for the new leader, would be disastrous, with many of you losing your seats. It’s time to move on, it’s time for Boris to right his wrongs and have a bit more respect for the people he has deeply hurt and for the integrity of the office he holds. Time to show he really does care for our great country. Boris is no Archangel, but then we all knew that, but could he be the UK’s Prodigal Son? Only time will tell.