British journalist, John Sweeney called into LBC Radio from Kyiv to discuss the current situation between Ukraine and Russia. As tensions between the two neighbouring European countries continues to heighten, many European leaders have been speculating what Russian President Vladimir Putin's next move will be as he recently decided to sign a decree stating that Donetsk and Luhansk will now be recognised as Russian backed states. Mr Sweeney discussed previous Russian battles in Chechnya and claimed that there were serious grounds for war crimes carried out by Russian troops during the fighting. The British journalist slammed Putin and compared him to an animal, "the dog is off the leash, and it's snarling at us" warned Mr Sweeney when talking about the possibility of an imminent attack on Ukrainian soil. Mr Sweeney said:  "This is bad. This is bad. What's happened is the big dog is off the leash and he's snarling at us. "His troops and tanks haven't yet moved across out of the current ceasefire line so, for the moment, the situation is the same but basically the dog is off the leash, and it's snarling at us. "This is a war that's been 20-something years in the making." "And I first saw what Putin was really like back in Chechnya at the very start of 2000, and It was a brutal war, I saw serious evidence of war crimes by the Russian army. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms Mr Sweeney added: "Bombing a white flag convoy, I interviewed a little girl who was in the hospital, the rest of her family were dead. "And I talked to her the other day, she's now a grown woman with her own children. "And I asked her, how did she feel when she saw people like Putin, driving in a car with the Queen. "And she said I'm afraid to speak and so I say yes in Russia, people are afraid to speak, and then she cut in and says, I'm afraid to speak.  READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop Mr Sweeney added: "And then she said, I'm afraid to breathe. President of the United States, Joe Biden told reporters at the White House that: "We have reason to believe the Russian forces are planning to and intend to attack Ukraine in the coming week, in the coming days. "As of this moment, I am convinced that he has made the decision." UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to address the situation, and has already confirmed that Russia can expect strict financial sanctions to be imposed by the British Government. A spokesman for Number 10. said: "The Prime Minister will chair a COBRA at 6.30 am to discuss the latest developments in Ukraine and to coordinate the UK response including agreeing a significant package of sanctions to be introduced immediately."  