Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been mocked for giving Barcelona a 'gift' by letting Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang join them last month. The now-Barcelona star has hit the ground running in the La Liga and some Gunners fans may be ruing the striker’s early exit. The Gabonese striker was stripped of Arsenal captaincy earlier this season after another disciplinary breach and thus Mikel Arteta opted to freeze the striker out of the team. Despite being one of the most experienced players in the dressing room and one of a few forwards on the clubs’ books, the issues proved one too many for Arteta who greenlighted a move for the ex-Borussia Dortmund star. Barcelona seized the opportunity and offered to take Aubameyang on a free transfer, and the north London outfit accepted as it would be a significant weight lifted off of the wage bill. But the 32-year-old is already impressing at the Camp Nou, and his teammate Sergio Busquets has admitted Arsenal gave them a 'gift'. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation Aubameyang scored a hat-trick against Valencia on Sunday and looked like a new and improved player leading the line for the Catalan giants. Speaking to Movistar+ after the 4-1 victory, Busquets said: “He’s (Aubameyang) working really well, he came here needing minutes but he is getting them now. “I hope he helps us like this because he is a great player and having him in the squad on a free transfer is a gift.” Aubameyang has also registered an assist since arriving in Spain, meaning he has four goal contributions in three league appearances. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  There are two ways that the departure of the striker will be viewed by Arteta. On one hand, he has cropped what he may deem as a ‘bad egg’ out of the dressing room and is thus creating a more united squad. However, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season, the Spaniard must sign a striker or risk starting the next campaign with two forward options – Gabriel Martinelli and Folarin Balogun. Arteta found bringing a no.9 to the Emirates Stadium a tough task last month, though will have more resources to work with in the summer. Busquets isn’t the only one at Barca who is impressed by the impact that Aubameyang has made since his arrival, as manager Xavi is very pleased as well. The ex-Spain international said: “He has scored goals in his entire career. “It was to be expected that he would score here soon, too. “He goes very well to space. He is mature. He is very intelligent. I am delighted with him. These two [subsequently changed to three] goals will go very well for him.”