While flights can be exciting, longer journeys are often uncomfortable. For passengers with back pain, sitting down for so long can be hard. A Reddit user said: “I have a long flight coming up in a couple of months. I got myself an aisle seat, I know some seated stretches. “I was wondering if anyone had some tips on how to help with lower back pain on a long trip. Sitting for any extended period of time causes me a lot of pain.” Another frequent flyer shared their best tips for flying with back pain and one commenter said they were “unbelievably helpful”. READ MORE: Devon to ban wild camping after 'antisocial behaviour' They said: “I set a quiet timer on my phone to remind me to get up and move every 45 minutes. “Even to just stand and pretend to get something from the overhead locker. Or go to the bathroom every other hour, even if you don’t need to, so you can pace a bit and stretch. “If it’s a long haul flight people fall asleep at some point so I didn’t even feel annoying as non one notices.” It’s a good idea for people to stand up frequently if they suffer from lower back pain as it will help to prevent cramps. The passenger continued: “In case you need to stay seated, stick on heat packs or deep heat type creams are good for trying to keep it from seizing. “And if possible, definitely ask your GP for muscle relaxants. Or even stronger pain killers for the flights if you think you’ll need them. “They’ll understand that a flare up mid flight would be very uncomfortable so they’ll likely give you enough to help you there and back at least. “I normally wouldn’t take anything until it starts to act up and then take them as needed.” For people with severe back pain, taking painkillers could help them settle down on a longer flight. However, stronger painkillers or muscle relaxants should only be taken following the advice of a GP. The passenger added: “For long haul flights, the flight often has a galley in the middle or back. “I’ve spent a few long flights standing or pacing there on and off every other hour. The attendants are normally fine with it if you explain. “I bring my iPad and headphone, or my book and just stand out of the way and there’s normally no issues.” Although this could be a helpful tip for passengers with back pain, they will have to stay out of the flight attendants’ way. They must also sit down if there’s turbulence or the seatbelt sign comes on for any reason. The passenger added: “It’ll go quicker than you realise. Plane seats are much more comfy these days!”