The Good Karma Hospital returned in January and saw Amanda Redman return to her throne as Dr Lydia Fonseca. Amanda has been in the ITV series since the beginning and has seen characters come and go over the four seasons. The latest instalment saw two new arrivals in the form of Dr Samir Hasan (played by Harki Bhambra) and Dr Nikita Sharma (Rebecca Ablack). Joining Alan Titchmarsh on Love Your Weekend, Amanda revealed the unique way she became close to her co-stars whilst filming series four. Alan was intrigued when he found out although the programme is set in India, the cast actually film in Sri Lanka. Amanda revealed the terrain was identical and expressed: "It is the most beautiful country I have ever been to ever!" Alan asked: "How long do you go ou there for?" "Nearly four months," Amanda revealed. "It's quite a long time, and nobody is going to feel sorry for me, but you do miss home, and the internet connection isn't brilliant. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene "Trying to Facetime or Zoom is quite hard, but having said that, there are lots of positive sides to it!" Alan went on to ask about the closeness of all the actors and how well they get along, to which Amanda revealed they were "forced" too. "I think the previous years, you would mix with who you'd like to mix with, but this year we were forced to mix together because all of the cast were put into one hotel. "The crew, unfortunately, because I adore the crew, were put into another hotel, we were bubbled. "Of course, there were no restaurants, no bars, we were in total lockdown, so what that meant was you got home from work and on your days off as well you weren't allowed to leave the hotel. "There was only us there, there weren't other people, so we had to make our own entertainment and actually, as a result, we became much closer this time around. "Really like a family, it was wonderful, really lovely," she described. Amanda recently spoke about the film experience during the pandemic in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and revealed she felt a little trepidation before going out there. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife's Miss Higgins star details dramatic season 11 finale [WATCH] "Well, I mean, I had a little bit of trepidation before I went out there because I just couldn’t imagine what it would be like. "But actually, in my view, it was the happiest time I have spent there because we were in a bubble within a bubble, so it was just us in this hotel. "We knew each other very well anyway, but I think we got to know each other so well, we ate together every night unless somebody wanted to go off and do their own thing. "But there was a big long dining table, almost like being at boarding school, and we would have sundown as meals outside, we’d do a 5 o’clock swim when the waves were lovely and gentle." Amanda also revealed the cast would often play games and do fun activities to pass the time of always being in the hotel. "We did do a quiz one night, but we had discos, I have the footage on my phone to prove it! Neil [Morrissey] was the disc jockey, Nimmi [Harasgama] threw a party for us. "It was just lovely, and we watched films, and we did all sorts of things, but it was really special, for me, it made the time go really quickly." The Good Karma Hospital airs Sunday at 8pm on ITV.