German Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced the move to an extraordinary session of the Bundestag lower house of parliament on Sunday. He said: "We will have to invest more in the security of our country to protect out freedom and democracy."   He added that the government had decided to supply £84 billion (€100bn) for military investments from its 2022 budget. Berlin has long resisted pressure from the US and others to raise its defence spending to two percent of economic output in the light of its bloody 20th century history and resulting strong pacifism among its population. In recent days Germany has made a turnabout on various longstanding policies, including its refusal to deliver weapons to conflict zones, agreeing to send Ukraine defensive anti-tank weapons, surface-to-air missiles and ammunition. Mr Scholz told the lower house: "There could be no other answer to Putin's aggression."   The number of Nato member states meeting or exceeding the alliance's target of spending two percent of their gross domestic product (GDP) on defence has decreased, according to official estimates published in February. Germany was hitting 1.53 percent of GDP in its defence spending – below the Nato guideline. This compares to Nato data estimating UK defence spending as a percentage of GDP falling from 2.32 percent in 2020 to an estimated 2.29 percent for 2021. Luxembourg was at the bottom of the list of Nato members with a GDP spend of 0.57 percent. The military alliance has 30 members. Berlin had said it would spend two percent of its economic output on defence by 2031 - a goal set by Nato leaders at a 2014 summit held months after Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea peninsula.  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S CYBER ARMY TRACKING THE UK FOR YEARS  Germany’s past reluctance to spend more on defence had proven to be a sore point for former US president, Donald Trump, who openly questioned Nato’s continued value to Washington. However, US complaints about Germany’s defence spending pre-date Mr Trump's time in office. Poland and the Baltic states had already raised their spending to meet the two percent target over fears of a more assertive Russia after Moscow annexed Crimea. Meanwhile, German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said on Sunday that Germany and its Western allies must not run out of steam in sanctioning Russia because Russian President Vladimir Putin has a long-term plan in mind.  DON'T MISS: Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv [REVEALED] Russia war threats EXPLODE as Putin vows to battle Finland and Sweden [LATEST] 'We miss you, Britain' Hungary brands EU 'motley crew' without UK [REPORT] On Saturday, Germany ramped up its backing for Ukraine's battle against Russia by approving weapons deliveries for Kyiv in a policy U-turn. Berlin also agreed to limit Moscow's access to the SWIFT interbank messaging system and, in a shift from its longstanding policy of banning weapons exports to conflict zones, it announced the opening up of its Bundeswehr store, pledging to transfer 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 Stinger class surface-to-air missiles to Ukraine. Mr Scholz told the Bundestag Germany must do everything to ensure the unity of the European Union, maintain Nato's strength and forge ever closer ties to "friends and partners" around the world. He added that every square metre of Nato territory will be defended. Officials in Ukraine said on Sunday that Russian forces have attacked oil and gas facilities in the country, sparking huge explosions. Western allies have been preparing fresh sanctions, including banishing key Russian banks from the main global payments system SWIFT. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said his country's forces were holding off Russian troops advancing on the capital, Kyiv. Russia's invasion is the biggest assault on a European state since Wolrd War Two. It is now in its fourth day.  What's your view? Join the debate in the comments section Vladimir Putin calls the invasion a special military operation, saying the "neo-Nazis" ruling Ukraine threaten Russia's security - a charge Kyiv and Western governments say is baseless propaganda. A US defence official said Ukraine's forces were putting up a very determined resistance to Russia's air, land and sea advance, which has sent hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians fleeing westwards. The United States and its European allies have also threatened to impose restrictions on Russia's central bank to limit its ability to support the rouble and finance Mr Putin's war effort. A statement from  the US, UK, France, Germany, Canada, Italy and the European Commission stated: "We are resolved to continue imposing costs on Russia that will further isolate Russia from the international financial system and our economies." 