Gary Neville doesn’t think Chelsea will start Romelu Lukaku in today’s Carabao Cup final showdown against Liverpool. The Belgium international has endured a difficult season back at Stamford Bridge since returning from Inter Milan back in the summer. And his involvement in today’s showdown at Wembley is currently up in the air. Chelsea go up against Liverpool hoping to win another trophy under Thomas Tuchel. The Blues won the Champions League under the German last year, beating Manchester City in the final. And, since then, Chelsea have gone on to claim UEFA Super Club and Club World Cup glory under the former Paris Saint-Germain and Borussia Dortmund boss. Ahead of today’s big match, however, all eyes are on Lukaku. Chelsea thought they were signing a guaranteed success when they paid in the region of £100million to land the 28-year-old back in the summer transfer window. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz However, while 10 goals is a modest return, Lukaku has failed to live up to expectations since coming home to Stamford Bridge. And Neville, speaking ahead of the match between Chelsea and Liverpool today, doesn’t think the Belgian has done enough to warrant a starting berth. "I don’t think he’ll play,” he said. “I think his form is not good enough. “For me, thinking a bit as a centre-back, defender, I wouldn’t want to play against Lukaku because I think physically he’d cause me a lot more problems than the alternatives, obviously a lot more mobile." DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message He added: "I just think at the moment Thomas Tuchel has almost announced to us verbally in the last few weeks that he’s just having a bad time, that Chelsea strikers seem to struggle and he is struggling with form so I don’t think he will play. “I think he’ll play the more mobile ones, the ones that can move in behind the Liverpool defenders." Lukaku managed just seven touches during Chelsea’s 1-0 win over Crystal Palace last weekend. And he was then dropped to the bench for the 2-0 Champions League victory over Lille in midweek. Explaining that decision, Tuchel said: “I felt him a little bit tired. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He looked a little exhausted and you have to consider that he’s played a lot. “We’ve had extra time in the Club World Cup (final), a lot of travelling recently and it wasn’t easy for him against Palace, this wasn’t his best performance. “So maybe it will be a little bit easier for him to come on from the bench tonight and turn things around if we need him.” That came after Tuchel had said he’d ‘protect’ Lukaku. “Sometimes it’s like this with strikers if they struggle a little bit with self confidence and find the space to get involved with a good defensive side,” he’d said. “It can be like this, of course it’s not what we want and what Romelu wants but it’s also not to the time laugh about him and make jokes about him. “He’s in the spotlight and we’ll protect him.” Chelsea were last in the Carabao Cup final back in 2019. However, they lost to Manchester City that day with Pep Guardiola’s side reigning supreme after a dramatic penalty shootout. Chelsea last won the trophy in 2015, back when Jose Mourinho was manager, beating Tottenham 2-0 in the final.