Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret enjoyed a romantic love affair in 1964 while working on the film Viva Las Vegas. While the pair cared massively for one another, it was not meant to last. Eventually, Priscilla Presley found out about the affair and Elvis cut off contact with Ann-Margret shortly after. He never forgot about her, though. After Elvis and Ann-Margret split, her career boomed. She soon after received a residency slot in Las Vegas where she performed for few years. Elvis attended the first show and presented her with a bouquet of flowers. After that, on every night Ann-Margret performed in Vegas, she received a floral arrangement in the shape of a guitar from Elvis to wish her luck. But one day, it all changed. On August 15, 1977, Elvis' floral guitar did not arrive for Ann-Margret. Instantly, the singer and dancer knew something was terribly wrong. Elvis was as devoted to her as a friend as he was as a lover. She knew he would not stop sending her gifts for no reason. The following day, on August 16, 1977, Elvis was found dead in his home at Graceland. Ann-Margret recalled the horrifying day in 1994 during an interview with journalist Charlie Rose. READ MORE: Elvis Presley 'picked up actress and tried to heal her' during illness Charlie asked: "He sent flowers and you knew he was dead when the flowers didn’t arrive - he’d send you flowers whenever you had a new engagement in the shape of a guitar?" Ann-Margret confirmed: "It was unreal. It was just unreal… because I’m real private, and he was too." On that fateful day Ann-Margret received a call from Elvis' road manager, Joe Esposito, who confirmed her worst fears. She remembered just saying: "We're coming," before venturing out to Graceland to attend his funeral. And when she arrived, it was a terribly emotional affair for everyone involved. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley 'picked up actress and tried to heal her' during illness [NEWS]Elvis Presley: ‘The Colonel did NOT make The King!’ says family member [INFO]Johnny Cash was 'jealous' of Elvis – 'Secret affair' with June Carter [INSIGHT] Ann-Margret wrote in her memoir, My Story, about arriving at Graceland. She remembered the first person she saw at Elvis' funeral was his father, Vernon Presley. She said of meeting Vernon: "There was so much to say, to recount, but instead, we cried." Vernon then revealed that Elvis spoke very highly of Ann-Margret, despite the fact they had been broken up for more than ten years. He told her: "He was so proud of you." Ann-Margret was of course devastated by the tragic death of Elvis, which was attributed to a heart attack. But things could have been different. The star's closest friends, the Memphis Mafia, long claimed that if the King of Rock and Roll didn't marry Priscilla, he would have ended up with Ann-Margret. Marty Lacker, one of the star's best men at his wedding, once wrote: "If Elvis had ended up with Thumper [Ann-Margret], this whole story might have wound up differently." But if Elvis didn't stay with Priscilla, he would not have had Lisa Marie Presley, his daughter and only child. He would have never given her up for anything, despite how much he loved Ann-Margret. SOURCE