Busted star Matt Willis was due to join Lorraine in the studio, but things didn't go to plan as he was forced to speak to the ITV host from his taxi. He went on to explain that because the traffic was bad, he couldn't make it in time. Jason Manford's interview was also derailed by technical issues, and the comedian branded the situation a "nightmare". As Lorraine began to introduce Matt Willis to the show, she took a moment to explain why the pop star wasn't sitting beside her on the sofa. "He's stuck in traffic, the poor wee soul," the host explained. "Matt, are you close?" Appearing via video link, Matt replied: "This is not the morning I expected. "I am in North London somewhere, I think by Brent Cross. I have been gridlocked in traffic for an hour." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? The actor said his taxi driver tried to find an alternative route to the ITV studio, but he was unable to without getting stuck in more traffic. "Unfortunately, we are where we are," Matt added. "How are you?" Lorraine told him: "Let's pretend that you're not in the back of the car and that you're with me." Later on in the show, Lorraine suffered another mishap, when she accidentally got Jason Manford's surname wrong.  "Well, Jason Manfield...Jason Manford is meant to be joining me," she began before realising the slip-up. The host laughed as she continued: "Now, it is one of those days. "We did have him a second ago, and then, of course, the interweb broke. "So we haven't got him anymore," Lorraine explained as she apologised: "Sorry." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] "We had Matt in a car because he got stuck in traffic, this is what happens on live telly," the presenter laughed as she tried to make light of the situation. "We shall endeavour to get our Jason back, I think they are trying." "Oh, maybe breaking news. Jason, we've got you love, it is so nice to see you." "What a nightmare," Jason commented before Lorraine added: "We just kept losing you."  Viewers also questioned why Matt was sitting in a car, taking to social media to share their thoughts, Adele asked: "Who is Matt Willis and why is he sitting in the back of his car?" User Breakfast Boy said: "Geezer should've just stayed in bed and done the call from there ffs!" (sic) Lisa joked: "He's just realised he's not stuck in traffic but in a housing estate by moving the angle of his phone." "Haha stuck in traffic," Lauren went on to add. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.