Meghan Markle and Prince Harry looked stylish as they received the President's award, a huge accolade recognising special achievement and distinguished public service. Meghan Markle stepped out last night for her first public appearance in 2022. She wowed in a "Cunningham Blue blue", off-the-shoulder, floor-length gown. It had a split up one side, revealing the Duchess of Sussex' toned legs. A light blue sash crossed over one shoulder and trailed behind her on the floor. READ MORE: 'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can The stunning gown was designed by Christopher John Rogers. This was an impeccable choice, as the talented designer won the American Womenswear Designer of the Year award in 2021, just two years after claiming the grand prize from the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund. He has been worn by the likes of Michelle Obama, Adele and Lady Gaga. Of the Duchess' dress, Rogers stated: "[It] is always really exciting being able to use colour, and lots of different shades of the same colour, to create some sort of graphicism, which is signature to me," as told by Vogue. The Duchess wore her long hair pinned on the opposite side to her bare shoulder. It fell in loose tendrils, framing her face. She paired this look with statement £94 Alexis Bittar Crumpled Metal Post earrings,  and a bracelet on each wrist. Opting for a natural approach to makeup, the Duchess' skin glowed, complete with a nude lip and smokey eye. Tying the ensemble together was a pair of nude heels. Meghan fans took to social media to celebrate the Duchess' win - and winning outfit. Instagram user @brookejmom stated: "She looks so beautiful." @fashionaddict233 said: "Classic, modern and chic!" @dsnapz called the Duchess "beautiful in blue", while @allison_dee_ announced that she was simply "breathtaking". Just like his wife, Prince Harry looked dapper in an Ozwald Boateng black tuxedo. It was a classic, timeless style choice. Twitter user @goblin19175214 approved of the pair: "She looked gorgeous, what a good looking couple!"