The plot has also been stressed by the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence, and aims to halt Russian progress in Ukrainian cities. This comes as Kyiv is rocked by airstrikes and Ukrainians reportedly destroyed bridges leading into the capital to further hold up the Russian troops. Interfax-Ukraine reported that the State Road Agency of Ukraine (Ukravtodor) has called on travel organisations as well as local governments and communities to tear down road signs to disorientate the Russian troops. It said: “Ukravtodor calls on all travel organizations, territorial communities, local governments to immediately begin dismantling road signs nearby. “Ukravtodor stressed that the number one priority for such dismantling is signposts and names of settlements. “The enemy has a miserable connection, they do not navigate the terrain. Let's help them go straight to hell.” The Ukrainian Ministry of Defence has made a similar call to action to “confuse and disorient the enemy” via Twitter. It wrote: “In order to confuse and disorient the enemy who is illegally moving to Ukraine, we call: - to remove plaques with numbers and names of streets/cities/villages in their regions. “We will do everything possible to clear Ukraine of the Russian occupier as soon as possible!" Central and Eastern European correspondent for the Guardian Shaun Walker reported that the plan had already sprung into action, stating: “Road signs are being taken down by teams on the roads outside Kyiv - so as not to help any lost Russians”. Oliver Carroll, Moscow correspondent for the Independent, added the plan had even extended to blowing up bridges. Reporting from Kyiv, he wrote on Twitter: “Ukraine has blown up bridge to the west of city to stop advance of Russian columns.” He added, however: “leaving for relative safety in West has become a much more difficult proposition.” READ MORE: Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [ANALYSIS] How effective the strategy will be is not yet certain. Speaking to GPS World, UrsaNav CEO Charles Schue stated that Russia’s wartime GPS system Loran covers much of Ukraine. He stated: “Three of Russia’s Chayka/Loran stations have Ukraine surrounded. “They provide ideal coverage and will allow navigation accuracy of between 20 and 50 metres over most of Ukraine.” Whether the Russian troops are so well-prepared, however, has been thrown into question. A group of Russian troops stranded on the side of the road on their way to Kyiv were ridiculed by Ukrainian drivers this morning who offered to tow the troops back to Russia. Multiple videos posted on social media showed groups of Russian military troops out of fuel, food and stuck on highways. DON'T MISS: Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT]Boris speaks in Russian as PM directly addresses Putin's citizens [REVEAL]EU savaged for protecting diamonds in Russia sanctions [ANALYSIS] In one video, a group of Russian soldiers were left stranded on the side of the road this morning as their vehicle ran out of fuel on the way to Kyiv. The latest measures to protect Ukrainian cities come as Andrew Sadovyi, Mayor of the city of Lviv in Western Ukraine, announced via Telegram that the city was holding out against the Russian onslaught. He said: “ “Russians landed three helicopters near Brody at 9am – about 60 people. The [Ukrainian] armed forces are repelling the occupier! We are keeping the situation under control.” Other reports, however, suggest around half of Russia’s troops are yet to be deployed into conflict.