Netflix have stirred up the excitement of Formula 1 fans worldwide after dropping their new Drive to Survive trailer ahead of its return for season four, which is released in the middle of next month.  Drive to Survive makes its eagerly awaited return on Netflix on March 11th, and fans have been given a taste of what to expect ahead of the release. Season four of the hit docuseries is set to be the most exciting yet, with the show covering the chaos that unfolded in the 2021 campaign. Of course the dramatic finish that saw Max Verstappen pip Lewis Hamilton to the title on the very final lap of the season in Abu Dhabi is the main talking point. However, if the new trailer is anything to go by fans can expect drama throughout. An insight into what can be expected from the new season was released by Netflix on Twitter on Monday via a one-minute clip. JUST IN: F1 Drive to Survive leak as episode details shared ahead of release date Along with the trailer Netflix tweeted: “New drivers, new rivalries and an all new championship winner. Formula 1: Drive to Survive is back on 11 March!” Within the trailer a number of the sport’s biggest names can be heard giving intriguing soundbites, including seven-time world champion Hamilton. Partway through the Englishman can be heard saying: “It’s constant warfare,” seemingly describing his remarkable battle with Verstappen throughout the campaign. Following the controversial finish in Abu Dhabi last year, Hamilton missed out on a record eighth F1 title thanks to a contentious call from race director Michael Masi, and many thought the seven-time world champion was set to retire. DON'T MISSF1 fans back Russian GP cancellation after Ukraine invasion and demand long-term actionFour drivers who could replace Nikita Mazepin if he is dropped by HaasLando Norris disagrees with Hamilton and Russell after F1 testing In the aftermath of the Abu Dhabi drama, Hamilton was left heartbroken, and his Mercedes boss Toto Wolff revealed the 36-year-old was even left ‘disillusioned’ with the sport due to the finish. These comments were then followed by a two-month radio silence from Hamilton, before he finally confirmed he would be returning to win back his crown last month. Whilst the Stevenage-born driver did finally announce he would be back to compete, he recently admitted that he did think about calling time on his career as a driver.  He told RacingNews365.com: “Naturally, I think at the end of any season, probably for those that are around my age, of course you're thinking about the future. You're thinking about, what are the next steps? “What are the right steps for you to take, and what's right for you in terms of overall happiness? “So I always evaluate all my options.” Hamilton and the rest of his racing rivals will make their return to the F1 circuit very soon, with the 2022 season kicking off in Bahrain on Sunday, 20th March. 