Kate, Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Denmark today (February 22), marking the start of her two-day fact-finding mission as part of her work with the early years. Last year, Kate launched The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, and Denmark is widely regarded as a world leader in its approach to early years development. Kate has a busy schedule ahead of her while in Copenhagen, which includes a meeting with another famous royal. The Duchess of Cambridge's trip to Denmark this week marks the second time Kate has visited the country in an official capacity. Shortly after marrying Prince William in 2011, the Cambridges visited Denmark for one of Kate's first official visits abroad as a member of the Royal Family. While in Denmark in 2011, Kate and William met up with Queen Margrethe's son, Crown Prince Frederik, and his wife, Crown Princess Mary of Denmark. This week Kate is expected to meet Crown Princess Mary again, with the royal women visiting a project to protect vulnerable women and children from domestic violence. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry shoot themselves in foot  Crown Princess Mary is frequently likened to Kate as her 'doppelganger' due to the royal women's similar looks, and the pair are both renowned for their stylish fashion sense. But aside from their looks and dress sense, the comparisons between the two royal women are extensive. As spouses of future kings, both Kate and Mary will one day be the queen of their respective countries. Like Kate and William, Mary and Frederik are also very popular in Denmark and they keep a busy schedule of public royal engagements.  While Kate is a mother of three, Mary is also a mother of four, and both Kate and Mary attach great importance to early years' development with their royal work. During her trip to Denmark, Kate will meet researchers at the Copenhagen Infant Mental Health Project at the University of Copenhagen. Kate will also visit parents benefitting from the Understanding Your Baby research project at Copenhagen's Children's Museum. The Duchess will also visit the Lego Foundation PlayLab at University College Copenhagen; an engagement she hinted at with a video on social media earlier this month. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton style: Duchess of Cambridge wears red Zara blazer [PICTURES]Pippa Middleton house: Inside the £17m London property with 5 floors [INSIGHT]Kate arrives fashionably late to Denmark after ditching private jet [ANALYSIS]  Kate was filmed making the Danish flag out of Lego for the Kensington Royal Twitter account, which she captioned with the personal message: "Looking forward to learning from experts, parents & practitioners about Denmark's approach to early childhood later this month. "Denmark is a beacon of best practice in its approach to the early years, with a culture which prioritises the best start in life." She ended the message with "Pa snarligt gensyn", a Danish phrase which translates as "See you soon", alongside her trademark 'C' initial. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman, speaking when the trip was first announced, said: "The Duchess is looking forward to visiting the country, learning from the Danish people, and continuing to build on the already close friendship between the two countries." 