Slovenia’s Prime Minister Janez Jansa warned a catastrophe "domino effect" could see more countries fall under Russian siege if Kyiv falls. Speaking to Euractiv, the Slovenian leader said President Putin would "100 percent" target Georgia and Moldova next and Western Balkan states would soon follow. He warned: “I am 100 percent convinced that if Russia is not stopped in Ukraine and Kyiv falls, then the next target is Moldova, Georgia, then troubles will be caused in the Western Balkans, then the Baltic States are the next target." Reflecting on the possibility of negotiating with the Russian leader to de-escalate tensions, he said “there is no such formula to work with people thinking like Hitler or Stalin". He continued: "We have to stop them at the beginning." In a swipe at those in the region who did not follow the EU, the UK and the US' moves to sanction Russia, namely Serbia, he added: “Everybody has to decide. “It’s something similar as to when Nazi Germany attacked Poland, and I don’t think we have should risk failing as the West failed at that moment." The warning comes as EU defence ministers will discuss plans on Monday to jointly finance deliveries of weapons worth 500 million euros to Ukraine, and these will include a range of defensive arms to repel Russian forces, the bloc's foreign policy chief said. "Member states have to provide these arms, they have to coordinate with what they are doing ... with these resources," Josep Borrell said ahead of the virtual meeting of European Union defence ministers. "The fight is fierce, Kyiv is resisting ... and Russia is paying a high toll in number of casualties, but we have to provide the munitions, we have to provide the high-calibre guns and anti-tank equipment. Also fuel ... for the tanks, for the planes, all that has to be coordinated." Mr Borrell also said the EU would not engage in an escalation after Russian President Vladimir Putin put Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert on Sunday. "We are not going to continue with this escalation," he told BBC Radio 4. READ MORE: Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv Vladimir Putin put Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert on Sunday in the face of a barrage of Western reprisals for his war on Ukraine, which said it had repelled Russian ground forces attacking its biggest cities. The United States said Putin was escalating the war with "dangerous rhetoric", amid signs the biggest assault on a European state since World War Two was not producing rapid victories, but instead generating a far-reaching and concerted Western response. Less than four days after it started, the invasion has triggered a Western political, strategic, economic and corporate response unprecedented in its extent and coordination. The 27-nation European Union on Sunday decided for the first time in its history to supply weapons to a country at war. A source told Reuters it would send 450 million euros of weaponry to Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed - 4,300 dead [INSIGHT]'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [REACTION]Furious Putin blasts commanders over army performance [ANALYSIS] The European Union's chief executive Ursula von der Leyen expressed support for Ukraine's membership in an interview with Euronews, saying "they are one of us". Ukraine, a democratic nation of 44 million people, won independence from Moscow in 1991 at the fall of the Soviet Union and has pushed to join the NATO Western military alliance and the EU, goals Russia vehemently opposes. The rouble plunged nearly 30 percent to an all-time low versus the dollar early on Monday, after Western nations on Saturday unveiled harsh sanctions, including blocking some banks from the SWIFT international payments system. On Sunday, the president of neutral Switzerland said he expected his government to follow the EU with Russia sanctions and freezing Russian assets.