Arina Vaisvilaite's body was found face down in her bedroom by her flatmate and an apparent suicide note was found by police on top of a pile of papers on a desk. However, there were no signs of self-harm and toxiciology reports found no evidence of a drugs overdose and investigations later found Ms Vaisvilaite died due to serious complications of undiagnosed diabetes, which caused a "sudden and acute cardiac arrest". The 25-year-old graduate's inquest in Manchester yesterday heard how she had a history of depression, had told friends she was undergoing therapy for post-traumatic stress disorder, and had recently gone through a relationship breakup. Pathologist Dr Samer Al-Habba told the court indications suggested Ms Vaisvilaite had probably overdosed but the toxicology findings were clear. So Nigel Meadows, senior coroner for Manchester, recorded a death of natural causes. "Arina has a history of suicidal thoughts, she has a depressive illness, she had had a relationship breakdown and the note that was found I would normally interpret that as a clear indication of suicidal intent," he said. "But the difficulty is the cause of death. There is no evidence of an overdose of medication. "It's strange that this note was left on top of a pile of papers, however I am not satisfied there is clear evidence for me to come to a conclusion of suicide.  "There is evidence that she was in the early stages of being assessed for diabetes. "Overall I find that she died from a naturally occurring form of diabetes which has caused ketoacidosis and quite a rapid death."  Ketoacidosis, Dr Al-Habba said, is a serious complication of diabetes, which caused Ms Vaisvilaite a sudden heart failure, reports Manchester Evening News. The inquest was told an appointment at a diabetes clinic had been arranged for Ms Vaisvilaite and high levels of BHB, a chemical which can indicate diabetes, were found in her system. And these quickly impacted the woman's body last year as, on April 12, her flatmate found her lifeless in her bedroom at their apartment in Northern Quarter, Manchester. Police and paramedics were called and arrived a short time later but Ms Vaisvilaite was pronounced dead. The keen pianist and football fan first came to the UK around 2014 to study at Leeds University, but dropped out after the first year and returned to Lithuania. She later returned to the UK to study history at Kings College in London, before going on to study sociology at Manchester Metropolitan University, graduating with a first class honours degree in September 2020. After leaving university, she began temping at the Information Commissioner's Office. The inquest heard she had a history of mental health problems and had been undergoing therapy for what she described to friends as post-traumatic stress disorder linked to flashbacks she was having to incidents of her parents arguing during childhood.