When Meghan Markle was a senior working royal, she would regularly interact with people when she attended public engagements. Most members of the Royal Family would offer their hand for a shake, but the Duchess of Sussex had a more informal way of greeting or thanking people - hugging. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about the intimate gesture and what it means about Meghan’s personality. /latest/meghan-markle There have been only a handful of times when Kate Middleton was photographed hugging someone - and usually, the recipient is a child. Meghan, on the other hand, regularly interacted with people using this intimate gesture. During Meghan and Harry’s tour of Australia and South Africa, the Duchess was seen receiving flowers from young children and in return, she offered hugs. When the couple stepped out of the premiere of the Lion King, Meghan embraced a-lister celebrity Beyonce as if she was seeing an old friend. READ MORE: Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims During her visit to the Hubb Community Kitchen to see how funds were being raised by Together: Our Community Cookbook, Meghan embraced one of the members. Similarly, at the launch of the cookbook, she and two other ladies were captured in a group hug. There is also that iconic time when Meghan visited a school in East London and embraced a student following his assembly speech. Not to mention to awkward encounter on the One World Summit stage when the organiser clashed with Meghan; she performed a respectful curtsy while the Duchess tried to offer a more informal hug. Judi spoke about Meghan’s ‘go-to’ greeting and said: “A hug is the most intimate and emotional form of greeting ritual, with the body closeness and the multi-sensual opportunity to see, hear, feel and smell someone at the same time making it a way of creating a memorable imprint on other people. DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley on how stress can sabotage weight loss and diet [EXPERT]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE]‘Secret cruise code language’ used in emergencies by crew [INSIDER] “It also triggers strong memories from childhood, when a parent would throw their arms out towards their small child to offer a gesture of unconditional love and protection. “The photo of Diana throwing her arms out towards her two young sons after re-uniting in Toronto is one of the most iconic representations of Diana in the role of a loving mother to her two boys. “The gesture is so important that politicians and business people will often use a gesture called the ‘empty embrace’ to gain warmth and agreement from their audiences, throwing their arms out towards the audience in what will replicate the offer of a parental hug.” She continued: “For Meghan to be using this as her signature form of greeting suggests a desire to break through the traditional royal barriers of low-tactile, formal behaviour and to be seen as more spontaneously affectionate, warm and caring. “Her hug rituals copy the maternal version, with throwing out of the arms at a distance, like a parent offering love to a child. “Meghan will even ‘correct’ an offered greeting ritual to show how embedded this idea of being warm, affectionate and approachable she is. “One woman even bends to curtsey but Meghan corrects her, throwing her arms out for a hug instead,” Judi added. “The silent message would be ‘let’s cut through the formal stuff because that is not who I am’. “Meghan can turn her hugs into something more empathetic and even protective and she will use several non-verbal adjustments according to her desired message. “She will often hold the bicep during and after a hug, as she does here with a woman from the Grenfell Tower project, which will sustain the sense of closeness. “The clinging after the hug is an even more intimate ritual, suggesting a desire to show total focus and to communicate at close quarters, rather than to greet and move on as the royals will often tend to do. “It looks like a genuine desire to ask ‘How are you? How is it going?’ and it signals lasting relationships that are akin to friendships as it reflects previous meetings and conversations,” Judi remarked.