AA spokesman Luke Bosdet said plans to introduce a workplace parking levy will “hit the lower-paid hardest”. The scheme was attacked as a way to “justify” tax hikes to help fund “pet transport projects”. Nottingham is so far the only city in England that has introduced the scheme. Under this system, employers are fined a levy for having a certain number of car parking spaces available to staff. The fees are charged at £428 per space but will rise to £458 from April with inflation. Around half the costs of the WPL are passed onto staff working for the company they are employed at. READ MORE: Major parking law changes will be a 'financial burden' for drivers  However, a range of other councils have admitted to looking into the scheme in a major blow to staff set to return to offices post-coronavirus. Mr Bosdet said: “The levy is really just a poll tax on wheels that not only raids workers’ pay packets, while trying to place the blame on employers, but hits the lower-paid hardest. "Councils try to justify this tax as a way of raising money for their pet transport projects." It comes days after Oxford City Council confirmed a WPL is part of their future transport plans. DON'T MISSParking law changes could see drivers pay hundreds of pounds per space [INSIGHT]New parking tax may see unlimited costs with no upper charging limit [ANALYSIS]Parking tax proposals are a ‘shameless attack’ on workers and drivers [COMMENT] They say the new system will be introduced alongside an extended Zero Emissions Zone between 2023 and 2024. Leicester City Council has an open consultation on the introduction of a parking charge which is to end in March. It comes after the council confirmed they were “investigating the potential introduction” of a scheme in the city. The Daily Mail has also claimed WPL fees are being considered in nine further cities and two London boroughs. These included Birmingham, Brighton, Bath, Colchester, Cambridge, Luton, Norwich, Bristol and Warrington. The London boroughs of Hounslow and Camden are also said to be considering charges. Transport for London has previously said it would support boroughs in developing and implementing WPL schemes. TfL said the WPL scheme would encourage commuters to switch away from using private vehicles. This will help the Mayor meet the aim to endure 80 percent of trips be made by walking, cycling or public transport by 2041. All revenue raised from a WPL scheme will also be used on improving local transport facilities. Leicester City Council claims a WPL could bring in £95million over the next ten years. Nottingham said money raised from their WPL has helped fund extensions to the existing tram system. However, RAC head of roads policy Nicholas Lyes has warned the changes will still hit low paid workers. He said: “The cost will almost certainly be passed down to workers, so in effect, it becomes a tax on a person going to work. "This especially affects lower-paid workers who may not have any other way of getting to work."