Tina O’Brien, 38, best known for playing Sarah Platt on Coronation Street, has revealed her 13-year-old daughter has bagged a role on BBC One’s Waterloo Road. The actress announced the news on Instagram with a photograph of Scarlett and the rest of the cast. The mum-of-two told her 483,000 followers: “Very excited to finally be able to announce that my gorgeous, lovely, talented Scarlett Thomas will be in the new series of Waterloo Road #ProudMum.” Hundreds of Tina’s friends and followers took to the comments to congratulate the teen star. Catherine Tyldesley said: “That girl has always been the brightest of stars.” Sally Carmen, who plays Corrie’s Abi wrote: “Awesome!” READ MORE:Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Kel Allen, who plays Laura Neelan, penned: “Love this!!!” Faye Brookes posted a beating heart emoji and Helen Flanagan shared a pair of heart eyes. Tina also starred in the high school drama from 2010-2011, playing the role of pupil Bex Fisher. Scarlett will join her uncle Adam Thomas on the show and play his daughter, Izzy. Scarlett’s dad Ryan Thomas, who played Jason Grimshaw on Corrie for 16 years, also publicly congratulated his daughter. The Celebrity Big Brother winner shared a snap of his brother and daughter and told his 1.1 million followers: “The secret is finally out!!! “As a father and big brother, it doesn’t get much better in life to find out that my brother is going back to Waterloo Road where it all started for him in his career to then find out Scarlett is going to play his daughter in the show.” Adam, who plays Donte Charles in the BBC drama, appeared on Morning Live today to discuss the new series and how he will find having his niece on set. DON'T MISSMadonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap[LATEST]Jamal Edwards' selfless act for mum Brenda after her cancer diagnosis[INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other'[NEWS] He told hosts Kym Marsh and Gethin Jones: “Fans of the show will remember that Donte and Chlo had a little baby called Izzy many moons ago and now my niece gets to play her! “Ryan’s daughter gets to play my on-screen daughter.” Kym then asked whether Adam had given Scarlett much advice ahead of her first acting role. Adam beamed with pride and said: “She doesn’t need it! I saw her self-take for the audition, and I was blown away, she is a force to be reckoned with. “She’s a triple threat, she can sing, dance, act, oh man she’s amazing. “It’s our first day filming today too, so good luck Scarlett!” Waterloo Road will return to BBC One after a six-year absence. As well as some new arrivals, several of the original cast will be returning alongside Adam including Angela Griffin and Katie Griffiths. An official release date has not been confirmed but the series is expected to air later this year.