Love is Blind came back for a second season earlier this month after a two-year break since the first series. Netflix welcomed a new bunch of hopeful contestants who yearned to meet "the one", by falling in love with the person before their looks. Of course, it's never that simple as more problems arose after couples got to meet face-to-face for the first time following their engagement. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Love is Blind.The first nine episodes of Love is Blind season two have been released on Netflix and there has been some major drama. Shaina and Kyle broke up in episode six, with her still trying to pursue things with Shayne despite his engagement to Natalie. Meanwhile, Jarrette and Mallory have been having second thoughts about their partners Iyanna and Sal respectively, as their own connection deepens. There is also the matter of Shake comparing Deepti to his "aunt" and Nick and Danielle not seeing eye to eye. So everything is very much up in the air for all of the remaining couples in season two. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life But rewinding to the first five episodes of Love is Blind season two when the contestants were happily getting to know each other. As they were asking their questions and figuring out who could be the best match for them, fans couldn't help but point out the stand-out wine glasses they were all drinking from. Every time someone was seen taking a sip, either in the pods or in the social areas, it was from this particular glassware. Eagle-eyed Netflix subscribers would remember that these are the same glasses that were used in the first series of Love is Blind in 2020. Love is Blind creator Chris Coelen spoke about the product choice during a chat with Variety. He said: "I don’t know. It’s something I like. When you turn on the show, you know it’s our show. "It’s a very authentic, really true following of these people’s journeys, but I like the fact that we have this sort of connective tissue with that in a really light way, it’s fun." While fans have enjoyed watching this latest series, sadly it is almost time for it to come to an end. DON'T MISS...Love Is Blind Season 2: Natalie Lee turned down secret proposal [EXPLAINER]Love is Blind season 2: Are Iyanna and Jarrette still together? [CAST]Love is Blind’s Danielle blasts Netflix’s ‘inaccurate’ portrayal [REACTION] The first five episodes of Love is Blind came out on Friday, February 11, on Netflix. The next four were then dropped last week on Friday, February 18, with the final episode coming out this Friday on February 25. Titled The Weddings, Love is Blind's grand finale will see whether or not any of the couples actually go through with their big days. There has been no confirmation just yet on a potential reunion episode but it does seem likely given the first series format. The reunion special from Love is Blind season one wasn't filmed until after the series came out on Netflix. If the couples are to gather again once more onscreen there it may not be until the series has finished. Taking the season one reunion release date into consideration, the second series special may not make its debut until early March 2022. Love is Blind season 2 concludes on Friday, February 25 on Netflix.