The following article contains spoilers from Y1883 episode 10. The Yellowstone spin-off Y1883 has captivated viewers as it tells the story of the origins of the Dutton family. The conclusion to the first series saw the family finally make it to Montana after months of trekking across America. However, it wasn't all good news for the family as Margaret Dutton's (played by Faith Hill) daughter Elsa (Isabel May) perished after being hit with an arrow. Reflecting on the emotional Paramount + show's ending, actress Faith has paid tribute to her co-star. Set 130 years before Yellowstone even took place, Y1883 follows the Dutton family led by Shea Brennan (Sam Elliot) as they and fellow immigrants make the treacherous journey from Texas to Montana. Sadly, when they finally got there, Elsa, who was shot with an arrow while battling against a group of Lakota men, died in her father James' (Tim McGraw) arms. The Dutton family went on to bury their eldest daughter where they will set up their ranch. Margaret star Faith has revealed she was a "mess" and found it "tough" to film the final episode. Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist? She explained: "We really had no idea [about Elsa]. "We were just completely taken aback by the story, and then we realised, wow, now this makes complete sense why it's so important to keep that land together. "Still, it's devastating. My God. It pierces your soul. It's just so powerful." Opening up on why it made such an impact, Faith added: "I'm a mom, and I never allowed myself to ever go there, thinking about my children, ever.   "I don't do it to this day. I just don't go there." The country singer  told TV Guide: "Obviously, we all die eventually, every human, but as a mom, I just can't imagine it, to know that your child is going to die and that you cannot be by their side. "It's incomprehensible, just as it was for Margaret." It wasn't just Faith who was left devastated by Elsa's death as fans rushed to Twitter to share their despair over her ending. DON’T MISS… Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch [LATEST]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap after almost 20 years [SPOILERS]Call The Midwife's Doctor Turner admits falling 'madly in love' with BBC co-star wife [LATEST] Inconsolable @Kourtney_wita_K said: "I’m not right after watching 1883 y’all [Upset emoji]." Trying to dodge spoilers @datKidRyan added: "Staying off Twitter until I watch 1883 and Euphoria tomorrow. Y’all ruin everything." @LaurashaeBrown added: "Okay can y’all stop talking about euphoria for 5 seconds and talk about 1883 because [Mind blown emoji]." @ttaranleigh tweeted: Y’all crying because of Euphoria. I’m crying because of 1883. This s**t hurts my mf heart." 