The EFL is in discussions over a ‘grand gesture’ of support to Ukraine ahead of Sunday’s Carabao Cup final, according to reports. Chelsea and Liverpool clash in the tournament’s showdown event at Wembley Stadium.   Tensions in Europe escalated on Wednesday when Russian president Vladimir Putin ordered an invasion of eastern Ukraine. Several sporting and political institutions have since severed ties with sponsors and stakeholders who have links with Putin. Manchester United dropped its sponsorship deal with Russian airline Aeroflot, while Formula One has confirmed that it currently has no plans to go to the Russian Grand Prix, which was scheduled for September. And now, the EFL is apparently holding talks over a show of solidarity to the Ukrainian people.   JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham face Mauricio Pochettino snub According to the Independent, a ‘grand gesture’ could be made at the Carabao Cup final. Wembley’s iconic arch could be lit up in yellow and blue, the colours of Ukraine’s flag, in one mooted idea. Liverpool fans are expected to bring flags. The government is reportedly backing plans to show support for Ukraine despite there being some security concerns. Any gesture would be seismic due to Roman Abramovich’s ownership of Chelsea. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Abramovich, an associate of Putin, is not expected to be at the game, the Independent continue. But Russian-born director Marina Granovskaia could be present. Labour MP Chris Bryant has sensationally called for Abramovich’s ownership of the West London club to be revoked. Three allies of Putin and five Russian banks have faced government sanctions since Wednesday, although Abramovich is not one. Bryant told the House of Commons: “Following some of the reports in The Sun and other newspapers today (Thursday), I’ve got hold of a leaked document from 2019 from the Home Office, which says, in relation to Mr Abramovich, as part of HMG’s Russia strategy aimed at targeting illicit finance and malign activity, Abramovich remains of interests to HMG due to his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices. “An example of this is Abramovich admitting in court proceedings that he paid for political influence.   DON'T MISS...Three possible moves for Harry Kane with Tottenham future in doubtLiverpool icon Steve McManaman urges Barcelona starlet to waitBorussia Dortmund chief reveals Erling Haaland decision timescale “Therefore, HMG is focused on ensuring individuals linked to illicit finance and malign activity are unable to base themselves in the UK and will use the relevant tools at its disposal including immigration powers to prevent this. “That’s nearly three years ago, and yet remarkably little has been done in relation. “Surely, Mr Abramovich should no longer be able to own a football club in this country? Surely, we should be looking at seizing some of his assets, including his £152 million home? “And making sure that other people who’ve had tier one visas like this are not engaged in malign activity in the UK.”