The Bank of England announced an increase in the Base Rate from 0.25 percent to 0.50 percent which has prompted some banks to raise their interest rates for savings.On the Andy Clever Cash Youtube Channel, personal finance expert Andy Webb discussed some of the top savings account that people can use. He explained that the Virgin Money M Plus current account is a “great place for your initial savings” because they offer 2.02 percent on the first £1,000 people have saved. “This is the best place to put it,” he said. From March 1, savings for emergencies and short term goals should be put in the linked Virgin M Plus Saver account he suggested. It currently pays 0.35 percent, however this rate is increasing to one percent on the first £25,000 people can save. READ MORE: Woman who lost £2,000 in scam explains what made her 'let her guard down' Zopa has launched a Smart Saver account. It is an easy access account offering 0.72 percent, however they offer boosting options if people change to short term notice accounts. For example if someone wants to boost the interest they receive to 0.75 percent, they would have to change their account to a seven day notice for withdrawals. If they boost their account to a 31 day account, they can receive 0.85 percent. People can also receive 1.05 percent, but this has a 95 day notice period for withdrawals. The maximum amount that can be deposited is £15,000. He said: “I quite like this. You can’t accidentally or impulsively spend your savings. “It’s put away for short periods of time. Giving you an increased rate is even more of a motivation for you to put it aside.” Inflation in the UK has reached a 30 year high, increasing to 5.5 percent. As saving accounts are offering interest below this rate, the value of one’s cash is effectively losing money over time. Mr Webb explained the importance of having some cash in savings for emergencies. Britons should have around three to six months worth of expenses that they can easily access in times of an emergency. However he mentioned that bulk of people’s cash can be put in other places to try receive higher returns. For example, people can invest their cash in the stock market. With investing capital is at risk.