Shigella can trigger an infection called shigellosis that is characterised by having an upset stomach. This bacteria can be very contagious. Here are the toilet signs to help you spot it. Shigella isn’t a new health condition. In fact, it has been known for more than a century. In the past, the cases of this bacteria popping up in the UK were blamed on overseas travel. Now, the Government reports that there have been 47 cases in the four-month period between September and January. This is a stark contrast to the 16 cases recorded in the 17-month period before that. READ MORE: Doctor’s warning: The common mistake when having a poo that can ‘cause haemorrhoids’ Shigella has been closely monitored by The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) since 2018. What’s worse, the new strains of this bacteria seem to be “extremely antibiotic-resistant”. This means that previous treatments might not be as effective against the current cases of shigella. As shigella is classed as an intestinal infection, it mainly targets your tummy.   Two warning toilet signs that could be signalling this condition are diarrhoea and feeling like you need to poo even when your bowels are empty. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention explains that the diarrhoea can sometimes be mixed with blood as well. Other symptoms of shigella are: However, some people with the infection might not experience any symptoms, which would make it difficult to spot. The bacteria is transmitted through infected poo via different routes, for example, food or sex. When it comes to the sexually transmitted version, this can be common among those who practice anal sex. For example, shigella can be picked up by getting into the mouth during sex or through unwashed hands. Sexual wellbeing explains: “Sexual activity that may involve contact with faeces (poo) is a risk.” Only a small amount of the shigella bacteria is enough to trigger the infection. The symptoms typically appear around one to four days after having sex. And once you’re infected you can remain contagious for up to a month. If you want to prevent catching the bug, the charity recommends using a condom or even multiple condoms between oral and anal sex. The Government concluded that symptoms usually calm within a week. They said: “But some individuals need hospitalisation and require intravenous antibiotic treatment. “Effective antibiotic treatments are limited for this extremely resistant strain.”