Dancing On Ice paid their tributes to Ukraine by projecting their flag onto the ice at the beginning of the show. The crowd gave an even bigger applause than usual as hosts Holly Willoughby, and Phillip Schofield waited a little longer before introducing the show. Viewers were pleased at the small touch ITV had made to the events which are ongoing between Ukraine and Russia as they took to Twitter to express their gratitude. After a small trailer of what viewers could expect to see on Sunday's episode, the camera panned down to show the ice-covered with the Ukrainian flag. The crowd could be heard applauding and standing as they all paid their respects to Ukraine. Holly then went on to introduce the show: "Welcome to the greatest show on ice it is the return of an absolute favourite tonight. "Our celebrities get to grips with all sorts of unusual objects because it is props week!" READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Phillip continued: "Our couples will be skating with everything from a school desk to a mop and a bucket. "And as we have seen in the past, keeping props under control on ice isn't easy, so this could go anywhere." Viewers of the show took to Twitter to express how impressed they were with ITV for projecting the flag onto the ice. Mike Priestley said: "Catching up on #DancingOnIce and loving the Ukrainian flag shown on the ice at the beginning of the show @hollywills @Schofe." Marc Johnson wrote: "Loving the Ukrainian flag on the ice there." @Horizonskin commented: "The ice was just in the colours of the Ukrainian flag." @vanessaassugg added: "#dancingonice standing with Ukraine." Ronnie Duggan praised: "Well done to Dancing on Ice for their Ukraine tribute, small but still very effective." DON'T MISS...Boris unveils plan for thousands of Ukrainian refugees to come to UK [INSIGHT]Desperate Putin will resort to 'extreme' tools to win war [LATEST]Ukraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to surrender' in Chernihiv [VIDEO] During tonight's show, it was Coronation Street's Sally Dynevor's time on the show, which came to an end as she was eliminated by the judges. She and partner Matt Evers danced to You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real) by Sylvester and used a hairdresser's chair as their prop. The audience and Sally loved the performance however the judges and fans felt she depended on the chair and Matt too much. Unfortunately, Sally and Matt were in the skate-off and faced Kye Whyte and Tippy Packard for a chance to go through to next week. Touching on her time on the show, she said: "I have had the time of my life. "I can't tell you how much I have loved doing this show, it has been brilliant, and there are so many people I want to thank. "And Matt, who honestly I couldn't have got through this without you, you have been such a strength to me, and I have loved every second with you, and I am going to miss you so much." Dancing on Ice airs Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV.