Whether burnt toast causes cancer is a question that has long been debated. Burnt bread, in effect, contains acrylamide, a chemical that naturally forms in starchy foods, grains, or coffee during everyday high-temperature cooking processes (above 120°C). The chemical forms from sugars and an amino acid (asparagine). It is frequently associated with frying, roasting, baking, barbecuing, and grilling. Following laboratory tests that show how acrylamide in the diet leads to cancer in animals, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) in the UK has recommended reducing acrylamide intake as a precaution. “Scientists agree that acrylamide in food has the potential to cause cancer in humans as well,” the agency warned. When consuming burnt food, or food cooked at high temperatures, acrylamide is absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract, distributed to all organs, and assimilated. Glycidamide, a cancerogenic substance, is one of the main metabolites in this process and, in animals, it has likely been responsible for gene mutations and tumours. READ MORE: High blood pressure: The drink that could ‘significantly’ reduce blood pressure in weeks  “While the chemical is a known potential toxin and carcinogen in its industrial form, the link between consuming it in food and developing cancer is much less clear,” argued Doctor Simon Cotton, Senior Lecturer in Chemistry at the University of Birmingham. At present, there isn’t enough evidence on the matter. Some studies couldn’t accurately measure the amount of acrylamide in people’s diets. Furthermore, scientists haven’t yet been able to establish whether acrylamide is definitely a carcinogen in humans when consumed at the levels typically found in overcooked food. A 2015 review in the International Journal of Cancer concluded that “dietary acrylamide is not related to the risk of most common cancers”. It added that an association of the chemical with kidney cancer, and endometrial and ovarian cancers in never smokers cannot be excluded. However, as the World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF) warns, there are some unanswered questions on this topic that need to be addressed. “More research is needed to fully understand the link between the level of exposure to foods containing acrylamide and the risk of different cancer types,” they said. In order to reduce the risk of cancer, the FSA came up with a series of guidelines around the risks of acrylamide. They suggest always aiming for a “golden yellow colour” when baking, toasting, or roasting starchy foods like potatoes, parsnips, and bread. Another tip is to follow cooking instructions when preparing packaged foods like chips and roast potatoes They also stressed that it is important for the food industry to take notice of FSA guidelines when preparing and producing starchy foods. While the debate on burnt toast continues, there is strong evidence that lifestyle choices could have a significant impact on cancer risk. A few simple steps are maintaining a healthy weight, avoiding alcohol and cigarettes, and exercising regularly. According to Cancer Research UK: “There are other things you can do to reduce your risk, such as eating a healthy balanced diet. “This is one with more fruits and vegetables and foods high in fibre, like brown varieties of bread, rice and pasta. A healthy diet is low in processed and red meat, and low in foods that are high in sugar, fat, and salt.”