Personally, I can’t understand how the whole Partygate fuss has dragged on, when so many more important matters need to be discussed. I think a lot of it has to do with some of the very sad Remainers ‑ in Parliament and in the media ‑ who have never forgiven Boris for Brexit. I think a lot of people who weren’t working from home, who were in their work bubbles, probably did fairly similar things to the Downing Street team, but that doesn’t make it right. Discipline at Number 10 seems to have been non-existent. They all thought they could do what they liked and I think Boris showed he didn’t really like confrontation, otherwise he would have addressed the problems sooner. So good riddance to those who have gone. Boris, mate, pull yourself together and make sure the new team around you is one you can trust; people who know what they’re doing. It’s your last chance to prove that you can be a great leader. Sadly, there doesn’t seem to be any other obvious leader about at the moment, but I do wish the media would stop glossing over the role of the civil servants in all the nonsense in Downing Street. They are the ones who were responsible for much of the behaviour there. I have been saying for ages that civil servants should be far more accountable than they have been, and should not feel that they have a job for life and are untouchable, no matter how badly they perform. They are not the ones who are supposed to be running the country. The ones we elect are. So sort out this fiasco, please. As much as the BBC tries to promote it, does anybody really care about the Winter Olympics? Why on earth are we even bothering when the Chinese government is doing everything it can to harm this country? Come to think of it, why have we not stopped trading with this nation whose human rights record is absolutely disgusting? When you go to a shop, much of what you are buying is likely to have a “made in china” label, but we could easily stop this. We have the workforce; we have the schooling. What we don’t seem to have is the ambition. Britain, the US and some other nations are operating a diplomatic boycott on the Olympics and I’m afraid I don’t think we should have sent athletes, however much Team GB competitors, such as freestyle skier Katie Summerhayes may want to proudly fly the flag for the UK. Broadcasting this must be costing an enormous amount of money. What a waste! Bye-bye BBC. Bye-bye licence fee. Roll on freedom from this completely illogical tax. How refreshing it was to hear Joanna Lumley voice something in an interview that many of us have been thinking for a long time: that some people are just “jumping on the mental illness bandwagon”. I do feel sorry for people ‑ and some of them are in my own family ‑ who have problems with their mental health, who are on medication and who are doing everything they can to get better. But it seems now that every time you disagree with somebody, every time you raise your voice, some people play the “mental health” card and, in so doing, devalue the problems of those with real mental health issues. Everybody has problems. we all have to get on with them. Everybody handles stress in a different way. But immediately telling everyone, “if you talk to me like that...” or “if I have to do this, it will really affect my mental health” is, in my opinion, a cop-out. Well done Joanna for bringing up what can be a very difficult conversation. And all those who have complained about it and criticised her and who, I suppose, are now going to tell us that it’s affecting their mental health should shut up and get on with their lives. There really is too much moaning in society today. Let’s just get on and have fun, or is that going to affect my mental health as well? I was In London on Friday, walking to a restaurant round the corner from Great Ormond Street Hospital for children, and I could not believe my eyes, seeing people in the road screaming and yelling. There were a few flags flying, some supporting Momentum, and people with megaphones, and it was some trade union (I’m not giving them any publicity) demonstrating about pay and conditions for security staff, right outside the hospital. I was absolutely disgusted by them shouting and singing, and I have to admit my language was a bit choice when talking to one of them who seemed to think they were perfectly within their rights to do all this outside a children’s hospital as parents and children were going through the toughest times of their lives. What a bunch of unfeeling *******s these people must be, I thought. One lady with a young boy was struggling to get through the crowd, which seemed oblivious to her plight. The right to protest is fair enough, but people should not abuse it like that. No sense, no feeling, no compassion. I was shocked to see at last week’s Prime Minister’s Questions, that there were no questions other than about Partygate. I shouldn’t have been, really, when I consider how most members of Parliament seem to be more interested in their so-called careers than serving the nation. I suppose they thought it made them look tough, but it didn’t. It just made them look self-serving. When PMQs was over, the next thing on the agenda was a debate on the threat of Russia invading Ukraine. That is far more important than anything else at the moment because if it goes ahead we won’t have to worry about the cost of living, VAT and tax rises. But suddenly the Commons emptied and the previously packed chamber had hardly anyone left to debate what to do about Putin. I am absolutely amazed that these public servants, whom we pay to work for us, had no interest in the most important issue of the day. I would suggest to them that they stop trying to take the **** out of each other and get on with what we pay them to do. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Thank goodness some of those idiots from Insulate Britain have now been jailed. It’s a shame it took so long and that more of them aren’t behind bars. People sit on a motorway, hold you up, make you late for work and just because they’re old we have to put up with it. If frustrated motorists had taken it upon themselves to move the idiots you can bet they would have been promptly dealt with by the law, so please tell me why we must tolerate this behaviour. Have the police just decided to give up, are we hiring the wrong people to be in the force, or do we have the wrong kind of people in charge of the police ‑ which I think is more to the point? Not sure if I should do this in my Daily Express column, which I love, but I would just like to say a big thank you to everybody who has tuned into talkRADIO and given us the biggest audience we’ve ever had. My views may never be to everybody’s taste but how can you have a debate or an argument unless you tell people your point of view? They are free to disagree. Freedom of the press is great and if you don’t like what people say then you can have your say, on letters pages in newspapers or on the phone on radio shows like mine. It seems people are beginning to realise it’s a lot more entertaining than inane folks telling you their thoughts on the current music. I’ve got Alexa and Spotify for that.