Using orange peels in the garden offers a wide range of benefits. They contain nutrients that can help feed the soil when added to compost or just the soil in general. Orange peels also offer natural pest repelling properties which can also keep your plants and you protected. Katie Femia, a gardening blogger at The homespun hydrangea, has shared several creative ways to use orange peels in the garden. She said: “One of the things I love most about gardening is I can use so many household items and scraps to make my garden shine. “Gardens thrive off of the items we may otherwise be inclined to throw away, making them even more frugal and affordable to enjoy. “Orange peels are no exception when it comes to household scraps you can use in your garden.” Here are a few ways gardeners can benefit from using orange peels in their garden. READ MORE: Inside Princess Anne's 700-acre 'normal everyday house' Gatcombe Park While orange peels smell amazing to humans, bugs don’t care for their scent. Orange peels can help keep biting bugs away thanks to their fragrant citrus oils. If mosquitoes and other biting bugs are an issue, orange peels can help. Gardeners can place orange peels around their garden while they work to keep these insects away. DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]How to wash your bed sheets - why you need to wash them every week [TIPS]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] Orange peels can be dried and grounded and used to enrich your soil. The same effect can be obtained by adding orange peels to a compost pile. Some plants thrive off of acidic soil, so for those planting a perennial that needs acidity in the soil, orange peels may be able to help. Gardeners can always add some shredded orange peels into the hole prior to planting. Orange peels are full of nitrogen, which is essential to good fertiliser. When soil needs a boost, gardeners can add in ground up orange peels. The peels will release the nitrogen and the result is nutrient rich soil plants will love. It is simple to make, simply grind up the peels and add water to make it into a paste. According to Katie, using compost is the “easiest” way to ensure plants are nourished. She said: “Compost is one of the easiest and cheapest ways to keep your plants nourished. “Start saving your kitchen scraps such as egg shells, orange peels, vegetable peels, and even junk mail so you can shred them and add them to your compost pile.” These kitchen scraps contain nutrients that will blend together and break down into what gardeners call “black gold” soil, a nutritious soil that will give plants a tremendous boost.