Jodie Willows, 31, was furious after son Mason was attacked as he walked out the school gates at Discovery Academy in Bentilee, Stoke-on-Trent, on Friday. She asked the media to publish the distressing clip to raise awareness bullying still happens in schools and harsh punishments are needed. Police are investigating this sickening instance, which saw Mason punched in the face allegedly over a £5 dare. Mason, who suffer minor injuries to his knee and lip after falling in the melee, said: "I came out of school and there was a group of kids with their phones filming me so it must have been planned. "I was asking what was going on and that's when it all started. "He punched me in the head but it wasn't that bad. Two older lads then joined in.  "I had no idea why he did it. I think he was just trying to show off in front of his mates. "I'm glad the police are involved and I hope they get a caution. They've not really scared me but it could be really bad for another kid. It's not right what they did." Teachers had to step in to end the brawl at the school, rated as Good by Ofsted, reports Stoke-on-Trent Live. Jodie, a mother of three, knew about the fight when she got a phone call from the school in the aftermath. The mum, from Bentilee, said: "I am absolutely mortified that this got recorded. They are to blame as much as the lads attacking Mason. "I want the video out there to show that bullying is not OK. It's physically knocked me sick. "It's been reported to the police and the school will do an investigation. "Mason's fine, but he just doesn't want this to happen to anyone else. It's upset me more than him." Jodie, who doesn't drive, was able to arrange for a friend to pick up her stricken son after the attack. "When he came in he had a slight split lip but luckily he wasn't badly hurt," she continued. "It was obviously planned as the video was recording beforehand. "My child had no clue to what was going on. "My son even stepped back but the boy continued and punched him in the face. "And then because my child defended himself a few other lads jumped on him. "Thankfully within seconds the teachers were there to break it up. "We've never had an issue with the school before, the teachers are great. I'd hate to have to pull him out. The teachers dealt with it brilliantly."   A Staffordshire Police spokesman said: "Officers are investigating a report of an assault which took place on Discovery Drive in Bentilee on Friday, February 18. "We are aware of footage circulating on social media of the incident, but ask any witnesses or anyone with any information to get in touch with police." Anyone with information is asked to call 101, or report online, quoting incident number 177 of February 20.  Stoke-on-Trent Live has approached the Discovery Academy for a statement.