Britney Spears made claims against TriStar's group head Lou Taylor and her former manager Robin Greenhill. The Toxic hitmaker, who has recently been released from her conservatorship, hit out at the company in a now-deleted Instagram post on Wednesday night. The 40-year-old singled out Lou [Taylor] and Robin [Greenhill] who played an integral part in Britney's career and was also involved in her conservatorship which began in 2008 and ended in 2021. The singer has claimed that her former business managers at TriStar Entertainment attempted to "kill her" - claims that have been vehemently denied with the company's attorney adding the popstar's claims are "entirely false, damaging and unacceptable". Britney alleged that the pair invited her for lunch to make her "feel special" before trying to kill her the following week - something TriStar's lawyer denies. In a lengthy post, she penned: "A week before they sent me away to that f**king place, TRI STAR invited me to their offices … the swanky suited up b***hes … SO NICE with their ‘We are here to make you feel SPECIAL’ !!!!" READ MORE: Giovanni's new partner unveiled as pro replaces Rose She continued: "I had lunch with Lou Taylor and Robin Greenhill … they said ‘Britney, look at your picture on the wall!’ With a huge black and white framed picture in the hall of their office!!!!!” Britney then claimed that actress Kate Beckinsale was there too as a tactic by TriStar to make her feel special. "They ‘made me feel special’ … RIGHT …. Ha those same b***hes killed me a week later!!!!" The post added: "My dad worshipped those two women and would have done anything they asked of him!!!! "I think they were trying to kill me … I still to this very day believe that’s EXACTLY what they were trying to do … but not a damn thing was wrong with me and I didn’t die!!!! "Nobody else would have lived through what they did to me!!!" In response to the claims Tri Star Sports and Entertainment Group attorney, Charles Harder, told MailOnline: "These claims are entirely false as well as highly offensive, damaging and unacceptable." Express.co.uk has contacted Tri Star representatives for comment. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict[SPORT]John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning[POLITICS] Britney's 13-year long conservatorship was successfully terminated in November. The performers finances and personal life have been controlled by her father Jamie Spears and others for over a decade under a form of legal guardianship called a conservatorship. The mum-of-two had been fighting to end the restrictive legal arrangement she was placed under amid concerns for her mental health. It was set up in 2008, after the US pop star, known for hits like Oops I Did It Again! and Toxic, faced a public breakdown. She has been vocal in recent months on social media following the lifting of her conservatorship. Britney has since taken to the picture-sharing site and shared a video of herself dancing in a leopard print dress today. The pop singer shared that she has taken a flight abroad to a "tropical getaway". Sharing a photo in the dress, she penned: "Here’s 9 pics as in Nine Inch Nail."