Thomas Tuchel saw the funny side of a less than impressive stat about Romelu Lukaku's performance against Crystal Palace, although he insists the striker has his full support. Chelsea's first Premier League game since the end of January saw them pick up a hard-fought 1-0 win over Palace on Saturday. Hakim Ziyech's goal proved to be the difference for Chelsea as they maintained their gap to Manchester United. But Lukaku faced heavy criticism following the match for his lacklustre display leading the line. Chelsea paid a club-record fee to sign Lukaku last summer following a sensational season with Inter Milan where he helped them win the Serie A title. He enjoyed a strong start to life back in west London with three goals in his opening three league games. JUST IN: Chelsea handed double injury boost just in time for Carabao Cup final  However, the Belgium international has scored just twice in the English top flight since the game against Palace saw Lukaku set an unwanted record. Lukaku set a new Premier League record for the fewest touches by a player in 90 minutes since statistics started being recorded by Opta in 2003. He made just seven touches, with one coming from a kick-off and Alan Shearer was far from impressed. “There's no point in paying £97 million for a striker and not playing to his strengths," Shearer said on Match of the Day. DON'T MISS  “It's very frustrating and I know what I would be doing at half-time or on the training ground. He's got to demand the ball and make sure his team-mates are prepared to pass it to him.” Tuchel was asked about Lukaku's new record, to which the German head coach let out a laugh. But the Chelsea boss doesn't want Lukaku to be ridiculed and insists the club will "protect him". "Ha, what can I do? I don't know," Tuchel said. "Well, now we have to deal with it, the data is out there and speaks a certain language. "He was not involved in our game, it's sometimes like this with strikers. "If they struggle a bit with self-confidence, if they struggle a little bit to find the space and to get involved against a defensive side, it can be like this. "It's of course not what we want and not what Romelu wants, but it's also not the time to laugh about him, make jokes about him. He's in the spotlight of course, and we will protect him."