The amount of state pension Britons can get when they reach state pension age is based on their National Insurance record. The state pension age is currently 66 in the UK for both men and women. To get any state pension, people usually need 10 qualifying years on their National Insurance record. In order to qualify for the full new state pension, 35 years may be required. These 35 years do not have to be consecutive, meaning people can have gaps in their record and still get the full state pension. However, some people may still get less than the full amount if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP Some Britons could get more than the full new state pension if they would have had above a certain amount of ‘Additional’ state pension under the old rules. There are various ways people can earn qualifying years on their National Insurance record. Britons who are working and pay National Insurance will get a qualifying year if they: DON'T MISSNatWest is offering ‘tempting’ 3% interest on savings plus £150 in cash [BANKING]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [INSIGHT]State pension: 500,000 Britons will not get increase in April due to frozen pensions [WARNING] People who are not working can also earn National Insurance qualifying years. This can be done by claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits. The following benefits could allow someone to get National Insurance credits: Some people may still have gaps in their record after adding up the years they have worked as well as their National Insurance credits. In this case, if an individual still wishes to increase the amount of state pension they can get, they may be able to pay voluntary contributions. Britons can check their National Insurance record online through the Government website. This can tell them if there are any gaps in their record. They can then decide if they would like to pay voluntary contributions. The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 per week. This adds up to £9,339.20 for a full year.