Manchester City have been dealt a hammer blow over the future of their midfield maestro, Bernardo Silva - with reports claiming the 27-year-old is 'dreaming' of a summer switch to Real Madrid. There were whispers that Bernardo could be on his way out of the Etihad last summer, with clubs such as Atletico Madrid and Arsenal linked with the Portuguese playmaker. However, City persuaded Bernardo to remain in Manchester, with the ex-Monaco man going on to enjoy one of the most prolific seasons of his career. After plundering 10 goals in 34 games, Bernardo is only four goals short of eclipsing his most productive tally ever with just under half the season still let to play. It's been a stunning turnaround from Bernardo, who has come back from the brink to bewitch the Etihad faithful this term. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win But speculation over his long-term future has resurfaced in recent days - with reports suggesting that City face a huge battle to retain their influential ace. According to Calciomercato, Real Madrid are keeping a close eye on Bernardo with a view to making a summer move. The report goes on to outline that Bernardo is 'dreaming' of sealing a stunning switch to the Bernabeu; leaving City with a real dilemma on their hands. Even though City were seemingly prepared to cash in on Bernardo less than 12 months ago, it's hard to envisage Pep Guardiola having the appetite to lose one of his most pivotal performers. DON'T MISSLiverpool’s Firmino injury could change one player’s Anfield careerTottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turnMan Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their very own Gareth Bale And although Guardiola would be unlikely to stand in Bernardo's view if he did wish to seek an exit, the City chief would be loathe to lose his conductor-in-chief at the end of the season. City's chief orchestrator still has over two-and-a-half-years left to run on his current deal, which isn't due to expire until the summer of 2025. But the lure of playing for Los Blancos could seemingly be too enticing for the diminutive dynamo to turn down. While the report claims that Bernardo has always harboured ambitions of playing for Real Madrid, it's the midfielder's desire to embark upon new 'experiences' that could ultimately see him call time on his five-year love affair with City. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Guardiola himself hinted that back in December, when he opened up on why the creative ace was open to an exit from the club last year. And although Guardiola conceded City were fortunate to retain Bernardo, their luck in that respect could run out in the summer. The City chief said: "He [Bernardo Silva] wants to experience other countries, other leagues, other challenges for himself. It is normal, understandable. It didn't happen, thank god. We can enjoy him longer."