Liverpool are the winners of the Carabao Cup after defeating Chelsea 11-10 on penalties at Wembley after a breathtaking 120 minutes of action. In a relentless final that either team could have won, it was the Reds who prevailed o spot-kicks after Kepa Arrizabalaga hammered the ball over the bar. Here's how the Reds rated after adding yet another trophy to their cabinet... Caoimhin Kelleher - 8 There was barely five minutes on the clock when Kelleher showed stunning reactions to deny Christian Pulisic from close range after Cesar Azpilicueta scared across the face of goal. Swept things up and cleared his lines when he had to but was also alert to make a brilliant save in the final minutes of stoppage time when he denied Romelu Lukaku with his feet. Scored his penalty brilliantly. Trent Alexander Arnold - 7 Whipped an inviting delivery right on Sadio Mane's head in the first half but the AFCON winner could not convert. Nowhere near his usual self. Struggled to really stamp his authority on the game. Struck home his penalty brilliantly. Virgil van Dijk - 9 Effortless, commanding display at the back, Everything you would expect from the imperious Dutchman. Outstanding performance. Smashed his penalty past Kepa, who tried to play mind games by standing to one side. Joel Matip - 8 A vintage Joel Matip performance. Dribbled out from the back, did what he had to do in defence. He kept up his impressive scoring record at Wembley when he headed home but the goal was later ruled out for offside. Replaced by Ibrahima Konate. Andy Robertson - 8 Hit the first man from corners on several occasions but an otherwise robust, dogged performance. Scored his penalty when it really counted.  Fabinho - 8 Steely as you would expect. Not shy of a tackle but kept things ticking over immaculately in the engine room. Scored a brilliant panenka in the penalty shootout. Jordan Henderson - 6 Tidy but perhaps a little quiet by his usual standards. Played some nice balls and was energetic. Subbed for James Milner. Naby Keita - 6 A late inclusion after Thiago Alcantara picked up an injury in the warm up. Stung the palms of Mendy with a vicious low drive that was turned away by the Chelsea shot-stopper. Was very fortunate to stay on the field when his studs caught Trevoh Chalobah's thigh after missing the ball. Subbed for Harvey Elliott. Mohamed Salah - 7 Always lively, always dangerous. Had several blocked efforts at goal but his close control and dribbling always looked capable of making something happen. Came agonisingly close to striking an opener when he delicately clipped Mendy but Thiago Silva was back to clear. Converted from the penalty spot, as you would expect. Sadio Mane - 6 Gave Trevoh Chalobah a torrid time in the opening 20 minutes, he really had the beating of his marker, who struggled to a cope with the forward's ability to go both sides. Moments later, he had the chance to break the deadlock when Alexander-Arnold put the ball on a plate but Mane got his header all wrong. Subbed for Diogo Jota. Luis Diaz - 8 Lively from the get-go. Electric speed, quick feet, he looks right at home in Liverpool red. Forced Mendy into a fine second-half save but should arguably have done better. Mendy was once again called into action in the final 10 minutes when Diaz turned and shot. Ibrahima Konate - 8 A sturdy defensive showing from the centre-back after replacing Joel Matip. Diogo Jota - 7 Quiet. Didn't really look dangerous on his return from injury. Missed the ball in the late stages of extra-time after Robertson's cut-back. Belted his penalty home straight down the middle. Harvey Eliott - 7 Got involved in some hand bags with Antonio Rudiger and Kai Havertz. Otherwise not really involved besides a few tidy touches. Stroked his penalty home comfortably. James Milner - 8 Snapped into tackles, won loose balls. Lacked conviction in the final third but definitely made a positive impact. Made no mistake from 12-yards in the shootout. Divock Origi - 7 Replaced Diaz as he looked to write more history for the Reds. Mis-controlled in the dying embers when he looked to have an opening. Converted his penalty.