Speaking during a Televised meeting with Russia’s security council the Russian President said it would be easier for him to negotiate with the military than the “gang of Nazis that has captured Kyiv”. This appears to be a reference to the Ukrainian government and raised fears in Western capitals that he is aiming to install a puppet government.  He said: “I once again appeal to the military personnel of the armed forces of Ukraine. “Do not allow neo-Nazis and (Ukrainian radical nationalists) to use your children, wives and elders as human shields. “Take power into your own hands, it will be easier for us to reach an agreement.” Mr Putin went on to describe Russian troops as acting “bravely, professionally and heroically.”  He claimed that the majority of Ukrainian units were reluctant to engage with Russian forces. Mr Putin argued that it was volunteer battalions, mostly containing right wing Ukrainian nationalists, that were putting up the most resistance. The Russian President also accused Ukrainian forces of using heavy weapons in urban areas such as Kyiv and Kharkiv. This he claimed is to use civilians as human shields. READ MORE: Putin's worst nightmare begins as 'significant' NATO  It comes as Putin has called Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to organise sending a delegation to Minsk. This is for talks to discuss Ukraine’s neutrality following an offer from Ukrainian President Volodymr Zelenskyy. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the Ukrainian President has said he may be willing to drop his country’s bid for NATO membership. On Thursday, Mr Zelenskyy said that he is Russia’s “number one” target. DON'T MISS: Russian armed forces hit by huge death toll as Putin dealt major blow [REVEAL] Putin’s limp invasion MOCKED by MoD as new intelligence shames Russia  [INSIGHT] Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight' [SPOTLIGHT] It comes as Mr Putin has said that he has been forced to “demilitarise” Ukraine by force due to the failure of discussions to ensure it doesn’t join NATO.