One Reddit user asked fellow passengers what the “big fuss” was when it comes to children on a cruise. While many people have no issues with children onboard, others aren’t the biggest fans of kids. Most guests said they didn’t blame children for ruining their holiday but felt the parents were responsible. One passenger said: “On my cruise I was sitting at a table by the pool eating a cup of ice cream and a toddler came out of nowhere, took the ice cream and walked off eating it with his hands. “Not a parent in sight! I watched him for awhile and he was wandering around solo messing with other people and their things. “I eventually grabbed a crew member and they got him and I have no idea what happened from there. READ MORE: Cruise guests complain about ‘trashy’ and ‘entitled’ fellow passenger “That’s my problem with kids on cruises, it’s the careless parents that think since it’s a ship they don’t have to watch them closely.” Another said: “One thing that annoys the heck out of me is children in the bars at night, especially later at night. “Technically they are allowed in there, so you can’t really say anything but just like bars on land, this should be a kid free zone. “I really don’t want someone’s crying, playing, children sitting next to me or around 11pm at night when I am trying to enjoy a cocktail.” For many regular cruise guests, children using the ship’s hot tubs was a huge problem. One passenger said: “On a recent cruise, both the huge hot tubs were taken over by two different groups of children from the ages six to 12. “Where an adult would get in, sit back and enjoy the warm water and pressure, the kids were jumping around, splashing and playing Marco Polo all day long. “Literally impossible to get in and relax. If an adult did that, I would say something. If I say a word to a child, all hell breaks loose. “The issue is more about the parents not supervising their children and expecting the crew to do that job.” Another agreed saying: “It’s definitely the parents. The parents are not parenting their kids. “These people bring kids in a non-kid friendly environment, then are shocked when the child is bored and the other passengers are miserable by their lack of parenting skills.” However, some people were big fans of family cruises and didn’t think children were a problem. One person said: “I love to vacation with our kids. We cruised with our first before he was one and had a great time.” If children are a big problem for guests, it’s a good idea to travel outside the school holidays or book an adult only cruise. Some cruise lines such as Disney have lots of activities set up for children so that adults can get some space. Many of the major cruise lines also have daycare where parents can leave their children in the care of a childminder.