James Lock made his fame as reality TV royalty, first appearing on The Only Way Is Essex back in 2013, but he has now made it clear the British monarchy is not on his radar. In fact, when he hears the name Meghan, it is more likely to conjure up thoughts of his ex-girlfriend Megan Barton-Hanson than the Duchess of Sussex. "I'm not a fan!" he revealed candidly when quizzed on his thoughts about controversial royal couple Meghan and Harry. "I'm not a royalist. It's not something I'm really interested in. "I'm not fazed about them. "The royals do bring a lot to the country but they don't affect me in my day to day life." READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning While many members of the royal family were born into their position, James is focused on progressing in his career by joining TV programmes that are looking for showbiz personalities. The cheeky chappie who many viewers know and love added that he'd be up for taking part in a dance show, where he can show off his Grease-style skills. "Of course I'd do Strictly!" he exclaimed, brimming with enthusiasm. "I'm a young John Travolta! I'd love to get my moves out." Traditionally, very few of those who started in TV via reality shows have been selected for Strictly. Judge Craig Revel-Horwood also made a harsh comment about James' fellow TOWIE star Gemma Collins, branding her "low rent". However, James is undeterred, shrugging: "I don't know whether they'd be up for reality TV collaborations. "TV shows go through phases. Sometimes you're flavour of the month, sometimes you're not - I don't overthink it." DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST] Plus while the latest high-drama antics of Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and the rest of the royals might go totally unnoticed by James, he does have his eye on potential celebrity co-stars for future shows. The Ex On The Beach star revealed that he'd be a perfect fit for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! due to his willingness to step outside of his safe comfort zone. "Who would I want as my campmates in I'm A Celeb? "If we're talking A-listers, then Johnny Depp, Keanu Reeves, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Eva Mendez, Michael Caine - all the good ones," he enthused. "I'm not a massive soap fan, but maybe the Cockney favourite Danny Dyer. "I would love to do I'm A Celeb. I'm not squeamish about insects. It's very hard to upset me or take me out of my comfort zone. "I'd like to do it all - SAS, Who Dares Wins, to, like, Bear Grylls Extreme Survival stuff, even Bake Off." He added in no uncertain terms: "For me, TOWIE was [just] the starting point."  James will appear alongside ex Megan Barton-Hanson soon on the upcoming series of Ex On The Beach.