Queen drummer Roger Taylor has told of his shock at finding out that his bandmate Brian May had "lost interest" in a song they were writing with the band's frontman Adam Lambert, who now sings the band's iconic lyrics, originally performed by the late Freddie Mercury. In a new interview, the Queen star, 72, revealed that he was left taken aback by the guitarist's admission, after finding that the lyrics were "too negative" for the band's style. Adam, Roger and Brian had been working on a song together in Nashville during a gap in their tour schedule. However, Roger admitted that they were all struggling with it. He said to Mojo magazine: "Brian suddenly lost interest and I don’t really know why." The star went on to tell how the stress of being on the road had taken its toll on them all, leading to creative problems. READ MORE: Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit Roger explained: "We started it in Nashville when we were all quite tired. “We couldn’t decide on a title and the lyrics felt a little too negative for Queen, maybe." In spite of it's problems, he branded the track "pretty damn good", adding that he hopes it is released one day. Brian had previously touched upon the song while speaking to Classic Rock magazine this month, where he too spoke about struggling with creating the song. Revealing the song's origins, Brian said: "It was a song that we'd tried to adapt that had come from a friend. "It had the makings of being a great song, but we couldn't crack it. "We couldn't get there," he admitted. Last month, Brian sparked concern from fans after sharing a cryptic post questioning “who he was” in a poignant update to his 2.9 million followers. DON'T MISS... Joanna Lumley health: Star laid bare 'complete nervous breakdown' [INSIGHT]John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [ANALYSIS]Victoria Beckham 'hints she's making return to Spice Girls' [UPDATE] He shared a picture of himself walking amid misty fields surrounded by water. Alongside this, the Queen legend wrote: “Who am I? Who can I be ? Bri. Photo by Steve Donnelly.” (sic) Many of his followers responded to the update, reaching out to the musician to check he was okay. Following their messages of concern, Brian took to social media to try and reassure his fans about the update with an apology. He admitted he was just “lost in thought” in the original image as he shared a fan-made animation of it. Brian wrote last night: “I’m sorry if my original post of this picture caused some of you folks concern. “It was taken without my knowledge by a close friend, at the suggestion of Anita, my lady wife." Brian went on to reassure his followers how this wasn’t a “sad moment”, but one of introspection.