In just a matter of days, the first official reactions to The Batman will start to appear online. In these last few weeks speculation is at an all-time high for Pattinson’s portrayal of the dear Dark Knight. One person that certainly loved his performance was his girlfriend, model Waterhouse. During a private screening for the couple, the star revealed she broke down in tears. Meanwhile, within the first 90 minutes, he knew the film was “great.” Pattinson and Waterhouse have been dating since 2018, though the two have kept most of their personal life private. But in a new interview on Jimmy Kimmel Live Pattinson shared an intimate moment they experienced while watching The Batman for the first time. He revealed: "I was absolutely terrified. I haven’t been this scared to release a movie in such a long time and I haven’t released a movie in a really long time.” Thankfully, the 35-year-old then said he knew the film was “great” within the first 90 minutes, but admitted he needs “to be in the perfect balance of serotonin to watch his own stuff". He added: "I need to work out beforehand, I need to have an enormous amount of sugar and caffeine. Whatever I’m watching, I’m like, yes!” Waterhouse had a completely different reaction to the seemingly brutalist make-up of this new iteration of the Caped Crusader, however. READ MORE: Guns N Roses' Slash ‘cringes’ over band’s biggest song Pattinson was asked if The Batman director watched his first reactions closely. He replied: "I’m not really sure. I watched it with my girlfriend as well. It was really her reaction that kind of changed the entire thing. "I’m pretty sure she’s not normally into watching superhero movies. And just seeing that it was capturing her attention the entire time, and then she held my hand and just touched it right [on her cheek]. I could feel a little tear. And I was like, no way." Kimmel then joked: “Then after the movie, was she just all over you? Super sexed up from Batman?” To which the star replied: “I mean, yeah.” Pattinson seems to greatly appreciate Waterhouse's opinion, so it's no wonder he took this reaction on board so heavily. He recently explained how he changed the location of an important interview at her request, which was originally going to take place at a zoo. DON'T MISS...Robert Pattinson recalls worries during girlfriend's chat with fan [INSIGHT]James Bond: How to watch No Time To Die this weekend [EXPLAINER]The Real Charlie Chaplin REVIEW: An intriguing Chaplin documentary [INSIGHT] While speaking to GQ, Pattinson recalled: "I was talking to my girlfriend last night and she was, like, ‘You know, people don’t really like zoos.…’ I’d been thinking about a metaphorical thing. But then I was thinking that’s very wrong, a sad bear walking in circles.” It was a rare admission of their relationship, as the actor has previously said: “If you let people in, it devalues what love is.” Pattinson added: “If a stranger on the street asked you about your relationship, you’d think it extremely rude. If you put up a wall it ends up better.” (via The Sunday Times) The Batman releases in two weeks, on March 4, and will introduce audiences to a younger version of the World's Greatest Detective. The film takes place outside of the DCEU, Warner Brother’s extended DC Comics cinematic universe. However, it could be spawning its own, with Pattinson recently teasing the film’s own version of the Man of Steel – Superman. The Batman hits cinemas on March 4, 2022.