Cristiano Ronaldo and David De Gea were involved in an awkward moment during Manchester United’s draw with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. The Red Devils were far from their best throughout the showdown. And their iconic No 7 cut a frustrated figure throughout the contest at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. Manchester United were, in large spells, second-best against Atletico Madrid. Yet they were able to leave the Spanish capital with a credible draw to their name after Antony Elanga cancelled out Joao Felix’s effort. For Ronaldo, however, it was a frustrating night at the office. Not for the first time this season the 37-year-old struggled to make an impact, cutting an exasperated figure over the course of the contest. Ronaldo’s temper rose at a time where Atletico fans booed and jeered his every touch, a consequence of his nine years spent across the city at Real Madrid. And, at one stage, he appeared particularly annoyed with De Gea. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz In the 49th minute, Atletico got a corner. Ronaldo then walked over and, on his way to defend, kicked out at the turf in anger. He then proceeded to gesture with De Gea, getting up close to the Spain international and appearing to take issue with his kicking. Ronaldo seemed to be suggesting the 31-year-old should play the ball directly to him up top with urgency, having been on the fringes of the action at the time. The footage makes for pretty awkward viewing, with De Gea sheepishly nodding his head. And United were better after the interval, securing a draw after Elanga’s brilliant finish in the 80th minute. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message There is plenty of work to do, however, if they make the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Yet United will be enthused by the way substitutes Elanga, Nemanja Matic, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Alex Telles all fared. And whether the quartet, Ronaldo and De Gea start in the home leg at Old Trafford on March 15 ultimately remains to be seen. Writing on his Instagram channel after the game, United’s No 7 sent a message to supporters. “Always a great feeling to be back in Madrid, one of the few cities in the world that I‘ve learned to call ‘home’,” he said. “Great feelings, great players, great game, this is Champions League! The mother of all club competitions! Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Now we have the opportunity to close this for us in our stadium, showing everybody why Old Trafford is and will always be The Theatre Of Dreams. “Last but not least, thanks to our amazing supporters! “Your presence make us stronger, and together we will go forward! Let’s go, Devils!” Ronaldo, as the first half drew to a close, threw his arms into the air. And United legend Rio Ferdinand thought his reaction ‘said it all’ about the way the Red Devils performed in the opening 45 minutes. “Cristiano Ronaldo, on his own here in the box,” he said. “Got an opportunity to cross the ball against Atletico Madrid away from home, you got to get people in the box - more than one. “You see the frustrations of someone like Cristiano here, who had a quiet night to be fair to him. “Who’s in the box? Him here on his own and you’ve got about eight players in red and white stripes against one player in the box. “Watch his reaction here, says it all. Frustration, throwing his hands out - one player."