On Sunday, Bez was the fifth contestant to leave Dancing on Ice after losing in the skate-off to Coronation Street actor Sally Dynevor. The Celebrity Gogglebox star had continued to entertain ITV viewers with his quirky performances which often involved a series of stumbles and a vast selection of crash helmets. Now Bez, who was partnered up with Angela Egan on the show, has since been embroiled in a fix row that claims dancers have an unfair advantage due to their extensive dance training.  Some members of the ITV audience have called out judges Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill, Oti Mabuse and Ashley Banjo for their scoring as some believe the dancers have been given higher scores throughout the series. In a new interview, Bez has weighed in on the criticism, saying: “You've got to give everyone credit for it. To do it on ice, it's such a difficult skill. “Being a dancer will make your skating appear really graceful and beautiful. "But they've all started off in the same boat and they all have the work and I think it's not fair to criticise people because they have got dance skills,” he told The Sun. READ MORE:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set  Brendan Cole, Regan Gascoigne and Kimberly Wyatt have all had previous dance experience on the show and are often at the top of the leaderboard. In week five of the competition, Brendan did a playful performance with his skating professional Vanessa Bauer to Madness hit House of Fun. The ballroom dancer, who worked on Strictly Come Dancing, had received some negative feedback from the judging panel who suggested Brendan should have pushed for a harder routine, given his dancing ability and yet, the star had still scored an impressive 34 points. Speaking about the routine, skater-come-judge Christopher said: “We wanted more wackiness from you, it was fun but it didn’t quite tickle my funny bone.”   Meanwhile, Regan, one of the firm favourites to lift the Dancing on Ice trophy, is one of the celebrities targeted in the row. The star, who is Paul Gascoigne's son, was part of the Hammond Ballet School when he was younger. He also studied musical theatre at the Tring Park School for Performing Arts but the 26-year-old has hit back at critics and said skating is “different to dancing”. He explained: “You're holding your core in a totally different way to how you would be dancing.   “Lifting people is totally different, it is a completely different skill. The ice is a completely different element,” he told Mirror Online. However, despite the negative comments, bookmakers at William Hill have placed Regan at the top of their list to take victory in this year’s ITV series. The firm has shared its odds for Regan to take victory odds at 1/1. Pussycat Dolls singer Kimberly is at 3/1 with the Betway and William Hill bookmakers as they put her in the second spot.   Sadly for Sally, bookies at Coral Hill believe the soap star could be the next to get the boot in the competition following her dreaded skate-off over the weekend. The actor, who was recently awarded an MBE from Princess Anne in recognition of her services to drama, has continued to wow viewers with her fearlessness to take on big lifts at the hands of her partner Matt Evers. The soap star is at 1/2 with Coral to be voted off Dancing on Ice on Sunday. In Musicals Week, Sally channelled her inner Dame Julie Andrews as she performed to The Sound of Music classic My Favourite Things. Dancing on Ice airs Sunday on ITV at 6.30pm 