Brazilian club Bahia have confirmed three of their players were hospitalised after a homemade bomb was exploded on their team bus. The team had just arrived at their stadium Fonte Nova for the Copa do Nordeste clash with Bolivia side Sampaio Correa when the explosion blew a hole in the back of the coach. Goalkeeper Danilo Fernandes was the worst-affected player and was immediately taken to hospital after he was hit in the face by shrapnel. Matheus Bahia and Cirino, who was sat closest to the impact, were also badly shaken and later hospitalised for checks. A car, driven by a woman, that was travelling alongside the bus at time of explosion was also affected in the blast. Discussions were then held about the safety of the match but officials ruled the game should go ahead - despite Bahia missing three players. The hosts were somehow able to cast the trauma to one side to secure a 2-0 victory with former Wigan and Fulham striker Hugo Rodallega among those on target. After the game Bahia's doctor, Rafael Garcia, provided some clarification on the incident while updating supporters on the health of the club's injured stars. "Danilo was the most affected player. He had injuries to both his lower limbs, both legs, as well as his face and chest," Garcia said on Bahia's goalkeeper. "Due to this severity, we chose to take him to the hospital for further investigation and additional tests. He is fine, there was no serious injury, but he will spend the night in the hospital until the results of the exams and also observation". He added: "Matheus [Bahia] was also hit by shrapnel, pieces of glass also in the chest and upper limbs and face. "But due to eye irritation, we chose to preserve him from the game. Cirino was the closest player to the impact and was very psychologically shaken after the outrage". Garcia made it clear there was a sense of relief that nobody on the bus was killed. He said: "We were very lucky. This bomb could have caused damage and permanent consequences for the athletes". Bahia head coach Guto Ferreira later paid tribute to his players for their professionalism throughout the terrifying ordeal. “The squad, with dignity and professionalism, are going to take the field to honour the Bahia colours,” he said. Attacks on team buses - not involving explosives - are a regular occurrence in Brazil but supporters usually throw objects including stones to vent their fury. Fellow Brazilian club Botafogo were among those to declare their support for Bahia, responding on social media: “Unacceptable. A criminal act that needs serious investigation. Botafogo stands with our colleagues at Bahia.” Bahia will now work with the authorities to hold the perpetrators responsible.