Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the latest in a long line of horror sequel disasters after clunkers such as Halloween Kills and Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City. After an almost non-existent marketing campaign, Netflix subscribers have stumbled upon the new instalment over the weekend after its Friday 19th debut. Tobe Hooper’s original The Texas Chainsaw Massacre from 1974 is widely considered one of the greatest films in the slasher genre, but the latest entry in the franchise has been called everything from “lazy” to “ugly.” One critic said: "What garbage... soulless garbage." From the director of Tejano, David Clue Garcia, comes a new Netflix release that has received an absolute battering online. As a sequel to one of horror’s enduring classics, it came with more expectation than many other slashers in recent memory.  In fact, it is a direct sequel to the original and even features the return of the first movie’s protagonist, Sally. However, she is now played by Olwen Fouéré instead of Marilyn Burns as the latter tragically passed away in 2014.   Now, a new young cast of up-and-comers are carrying the torch for one of horror’s most unlikely franchises. Sarah Yarkin is leading the team, bringing with her some genre credibility with a previous role in Happy Death Day 2U. READ MORE: Rear Window: 'Massive ego' James Stewart yelled at Alfred Hitchcock She is joined by Eighth Grade’s Elsie Fisher, The Maze Runner’s Jacb Latimore, The laundromat’s Jessica Allain and Victoria’s Nell Hudson.  The production was fraught with issues from early on, with the original directors, brothers Ryan and Andy Tohill, dropping out mid-production due to creative differences. When Garcia came on board, he scrapped the first script and started reshooting scenes.  He said: “It felt like I could just start fresh and my ideas were just flowing. I was flying by the seat of my pants, kinda in the way they made the original film, which was made in an indie way, where they’re coming up with their shot lists every day and figuring it out on set.” (via The Playlist)  Regardless of his optimism for the project, the online reaction speaks for itself. Critics were the first to slam the film, with Jocelyn Noveck of Associated Press writing: “Did we really need another? And sadly, given the lack of imagination, creativity or even basic attention to logic in a perfunctory and downright silly script, the answer seems a resounding ‘Nope.”  Keith Watson of Slant Magazine said: “The new Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a deeply miscalculated mix of incoherent social commentary and over-the-top gore.” Jason Bailey of Crooked Marquee shared: “A baffling miscalculation. If you’re trying to erase the sequels and replicate the original, then make something recognizably reminiscent of it. Don’t just shoplift the character into a lazy, substandard 2020s slasher movie and call it a day.”  Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle was particularly appalled, he wrote: “What garbage. Seriously. What absolute, bereft, witless, unoriginal, unrewarding, soulless garbage that’s 40 years past scaring anybody.” DON'T MISS...John Lennon wrote 'best Beatles song lyrics' about his first wife [INSIGHT]Elvis Presley married Priscilla then confessed love to Ann-Margret [EXPLAINER]The Shining: Shelley Duvall's ordeal on Stanley Kubrick classic [INSIGHT] The critics weren’t alone, with Juan V writing on Rotten Tomatoes: “This movie is a**. The dialogue is so cringe. At the start, you feel like you immediately missed 20 minutes of crucial plot. How tf do these kids have money to do any of this? The hype violence does not make up for the fact that this cast was given a 5th grade play to work with.”  Liz D didn’t hold back, saying: “The real massacre took place in the writers' room. One of the worst movies I've ever seen, TCM was worse than I could have ever imagined. My expectations were low to begin with and plummeted with every miscalculation and contrived plot device. What a terrible day to have eyes.”  Mychal H added: “Bad and predictable copied the beginning of most horror movies why are they at a gas station but drive a Tesla they copied the new Halloween and made the plot very similar. Don't listen to the good reviews it's not a good movie and it's okay to criticize this movie it doesn't make you a bad person.”