Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he should have brought Mateo Kovacic off earlier during the Blues’ Champions League victory over Lille on Tuesday night. Kovacic was forced off six minutes into the second half with what appeared to be an injury and Tuchel now faces an anxious wait to see whether the midfielder will be fit for Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Liverpool.  “I don't know,” Tuchel said after the game. “I should have substituted Kova at half-time so we could have saved one more change.” Tuchel named a front three for the clash with Lille as Romelu Lukaku dropped to the bench. Kai Havertz, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic all started as Chelsea looked much more threatening in attack compared to recent weeks. But Tuchel was then forced to bring Ziyech off nine minutes after Kovacic had departed, with the Morocco international also struggling with injury. And the boss admits he doesn’t know how bad the forward’s issue is. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley   “I did not speak to the doctor yet with Hakim, I hope it is not too much,” Tuchel continued. Chelsea took just eight minutes to go ahead against the French side as Havertz headed home a corner from Ziyech. The hosts dominated the game as they looked to carve the Lille defence open at every opportunity. Havertz went close on two other occasions, while Ziyech and Pulisic also impressed going forward. And Pulisic doubled the west Londoners’ advantage just after the hour mark as he found the corner of the net after being played in by N’Golo Kante. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)     Kante impressed in the middle of the pitch. And Tuchel was quick to praise the player after the final whistle, while the German also admitted his whole team were impressive at times. “Today he [Kante] was back at the top level,” Tuchel added. “He got better every minute through the game and it has a huge impact. “But we're not surprised and we've been waiting for it for a few games now. It was a top performance. “We had very strong periods - for example the first ten minutes - but then we have periods when it is gone.   “Easy ball losses, a lack of fluidity - but then we recover and have good periods. This is the story at the moment. “If we can keep it up at the level for minutes longer, be a bit more consistent, then this is the way.” Chelsea will now turn their attentions to the Carabao Cup final as they prepare to go head-to-head with Liverpool in the showpiece event at Wembley on Sunday. And Tuchel will be looking to get his hands on his third Chelsea trophy in the space of 13 months. The German led the Blues to Champions League glory last year, before steering his side to Club World Cup success earlier this month. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 