Weeds are pesky plants that most British gardeners will run into at some point. They can make gardening a difficult and laborious task, especially in the winter. Most gardeners have their go-to methods whether it’s a natural solution or a chemical weed killer. But rather than using weed killers or chemicals, gardening experts have shared a “budget-friendly” method to stop weeds growing and spreading around the garden. Gardening experts at Gardeningetc, the home of outdoor living, shared a method to prevent weeds doing “more harm” and “spoiling” the look of borders. They said: “There are all manner of weeds lurking in our gardens and sowing seeds wherever they get the chance. “The general consensus is that they're a pain – especially when they're encroaching on our prized flowers or vegetables and sapping the nutrients from the soil. “In the case of some (Japanese knotweed, poison ivy, stinging nettles – we're looking at you) they can also do more harm than simply spoiling the look of a border.” READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels The gardening experts have shared how baking soda is great to use as a homemade weed killer. They said: “Looking for more budget-friendly ways to eradicate weeds? Try this trick, with something that you probably already have in your cupboards. “Since baking soda is a powder, you'll need to wet the plant in order to make the powder stick. “Then, sprinkle one teaspoon of baking soda over the weed's leaves and let it work its magic.” This is a great method for targeting specific weeds that have popped up amongst flowers or plants that gardeners don't want to harm. If the weeds have not disappeared, simply reapply the solution in four to six weeks. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove mould from shower curtains [TIPS]Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [COMMENT]Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [EXPERT] What’s more, for those looking for ways to prevent weeds from cropping up in their paving areas, sprinkling baking soda in the cracks can stop the weeds from appearing in the first place. The gardening experts have also explained how using “boiling water” is a “brilliant” solution to minimising weeds. They explained: “Pouring boiling water on the base of the plants causes instant shock and will not only kill the weed but also any seeds that may be dormant in the soil. It's a brilliant solution for walkways, garden path areas and driveways, as the weeds will die within a couple of days. However, it is not recommended for use on lawns or in borders with other plants as it can cause fatal damage to these too. Another household item the gardening experts have listed to get rid of weeds is white vinegar. The experts said: “The active ingredient in vinegar, acetic acid, is also very effective at destroying weeds. “Your standard white vinegar will go a decent way to helping with your problem. “Simply pour into a spray bottle and spritz onto the desired plants.” However, for those in need of something that packs a bit more punch, there are also horticultural vinegars, which usually have a higher concentration of acetic acid and as a result are more effective. Although, they also require handling with greater care as they are corrosive and can burn the skin, damage eyes and erode the surface of tools. Lastly, gardeners are advised to keep on top of mulching if they are after an “easy” way to prevent weeds growing and spreading. The gardening pros said: “Mulching is one of the easiest ways to suppress weeds as it is simply added on top of the soil. “Biodegradable mulches, such as garden compost, wood chippings, processed bark, leafmould, straw, seaweed and rotted manure all suppress weeds while also releasing essential nutrients back into the soil, helping your plants to flourish – a win-win.” However, since it breaks down over time it will need to be replaced every few years.