Manchester United have submitted a 'concrete offer' for Borussia Dortmund defender Manuel Akanji ahead of the summer transfer window. The Red Devils are 'pushing' for Akanji's signature but risk causing themselves and their next permanent manager a tricky dilemma in defence. According to BILD, United have followed up their interest by making a £25million (€30m) bid to sign Akanji this summer. They have offered the 26-year-old a four-year contract worth around £240,000-a-week (£12.5m annually). Such a salary would make him the club's seventh-highest earner, ahead of the likes of Marcus Rashford, Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes. SPORT1 claim Akanji has rejected a new contract at Dortmund and, as a United fan, 'dreams' about a Premier League move. JUST IN: Scotland World Cup clash under threat as Ukraine suspends league And with the Swiss centre-back out of contract in 2023, the Bundesliga giants will likely be open to cashing in on him at the end of the current campaign. But United held off on January signings due to conservations over Ralf Rangnick's permanent successor's preferences. So it isn't easy to understand why the club would be actively pursuing summer targets before settling on who will be in the dugout next season. Akanji certainly seems to be in their sights, though, which could lead to an interesting situation at the back. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's comments 'not a good look' Raphael Varane has overcome early injury issues after his £34million summer arrival from Real Madrid and is now a mainstay in Rangnick's backline. Harry Maguire, however, has come under fire for his poor form this season, with many United fans calling for him to surrender the captaincy. And Axel Tuanzebe will return from his loan at Napoli to join Victor Lindelof, Eric Bailly and Phil Jones as other options at the end of the season. So if Akanji were to arrive, there would be two questions. Firstly, who would start? And secondly, surely at least two will be offloaded? Varane is indispensable when fit, so it would be between Maguire and Akanji to start alongside him. But United's top dogs might not be best pleased with a new manager coming into the hot seat and immediately replacing their £80m man. There could be an argument that the price tag should fly out the window, though, with the chief executive - Ed Woodward - and manager - Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - who sanctioned his arrival both departed. Given frustrations about game time as it is, Bailly, Jones and Tuanzebe could be set for exits anyway, which is possibly the reason why United are moving so quickly for a new centre-half. Whether it's Erik ten Hag, Mauricio Pochettino or someone else, they would undoubtedly welcome starting next season with Varane, Akanji, Maguire and Lindelof as their first team central defenders. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.