Chelsea's charity trustees are reportedly yet to accept Roman Abramovich's offer to hand the 'stewardship and care' of the club over to them. It is believed some may even decline the club owner's request following his attempts to distance himself from the Blues following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The billionaire, who is an alleged associate of Russian President Vladimir Putin, announced on Saturday that he intends to pass the stewardship of the west London club to trustees of Chelsea’s charitable foundation. It is believed Abramovich has made the move to protect the club from suspected media backlash, however it is far from being agreed. According to the Daily Mail, the seven trustees of the Chelsea Foundation, who include Chelsea Ladies manager Emma Hayes, are yet to accept the club owner's offer and have requested further details. In addition, the custodians will not make the decision as a bloc, but will be allowed to freely choose as individuals. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The trustees reportedly met on Sunday to discuss how Abramovich's proposed arrangement would work, with some of those involved understood to have reservations about the situation. Reported concerns over the handover include doubts over whether acting as a charity trustee is compatible with being awarded stewardship of the club. There is also uncertainty over how the change of role might affect their representation on the Board and trustees reportedly fear that they could be accused of sports-washing. The trustees of the Chelsea charitable foundation include club chairman Bruce Buck and the club's director of finance Paul Ramos. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  World Athletics president Seb Coe and chair of the British Olympic Association Sir Hugh Robertson are also among the seven administrators. On Saturday evening, a Chelsea statement read: “During my nearly 20-year ownership of Chelsea FC, I have always viewed my role as a custodian of the club, whose job it is ensuring that we are as successful as we can be today, as well as build for the future, while also playing a positive role in our communities. “I have always taken decisions with the Club’s best interest at heart. I remain committed to these values. “That is why I am today giving trustees of Chelsea’s charitable Foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC.  "I believe that currently, they are in the best position to look after the interests of the Club, players, staff, and fans.” In the immediate aftermath of the post, many questioned whether Abramovich would subsequently look to sell the club, however the Russian is reportedly 'adamant' that is not the case. Chelsea released a statement of their own on Sunday morning, however, it did not mention Abramovich or Russia. It read: “The situation in Ukraine is horrific and devastating. “Chelsea FC’s thoughts are with everyone in Ukraine. Everyone at the club is praying for peace.” 