Mrs Hinch amassed a huge social media following after posting tricks and tricks for tidying, cleaning and completing household chores. Her fans have taken to Facebook to form Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips, a platform where they share their helpful hacks. Jasmine Brown took to the page to ask for some advice regarding her glass tiles. She said: "I have glass tiles which is the most annoying thing to look nice, and soon as I clean it it’s streaky again. "I just used a steamer on it but it looks worse." Jasmine added: "How do you make these look nice?" READ MORE: Inside Princess Anne's 700-acre 'normal everyday house' Gatcombe Park  Tracey Kiernan seconded this: "I have these same tiles and they are hell to shine." Mrs Hinch enthusiasts flocked to the comments, with one user Siobhan Lawlor advising: "I use Cif non-smear on mine and it always looks fab. "It's brilliant and smells gorgeous." Kelly Summerlin and Mandy Drozd recommended "car screen wash", saying it "keeps them shiny". DON'T MISS Chelsea Rose Evans said: "Car screen wash is apparently supposed to be brilliant for tiles." Liz Beth stated: "I saw on another post that glass cleaner works. I tried it and it worked well." Melanie Perkins commented: "Method Glass Cleaner is also brilliant." Natalie Burdiss confirmed this: "I use glass cleaner on mine and buff them up with a microfibre mop." Cally Ann recommended the Karcher Floor Polisher, advising fellow cleaning enthusiasts to "clean floor as normal, then buff". "I clean it, let it dry, then spray with distilled water and buff. "Wash the pads in white vinegar only otherwise you're going to get product build up." Sam Bates provided a hack that made glass tiles come up "lovely": "I had a customer with similar [tiles] and after cleaning I applied Pledge Floor Polish (available online in large white bottle) sparingly with a dry flat mop." Zoey Scott offered this solution: "Use your steamer before dry, and go over with a SPh2ONGE cloth." She added: "It’s the only thing that works for me and makes them like a mirror. Trust me I have tried many things." Mark Vaughan suggested: "Windscreen wash and microfibre or IPA, isopropyl alcohol. Neither leave streaks or drying marks." Cleaning enthusiast Christina Yvonne stated: "HG Highly Polished Floor Tile Cleaner makes them sparkle with zero streaks. It’s the bomb."