Jamal Edwards, who was the son of Loose Women panellist Brenda Edwards, tragically died at the age of 31 on Sunday. Jamal was best known as the founder of film production company, SBTV, as well as his work as an author, director and DJ. Since the news of his death, tributes have poured in from Brenda's co-stars and Jamal's celebrity pals. At the beginning of Thursday's Loose Women, the panellist took a moment to remember Jamal. They also discussed the messages of love and support Brenda has received since the tragic news emerged. Kaye went on to admit that she wanted Monday's instalment of Loose Women to be cancelled out of respect for their co-star. "Brenda has been in touch and she sincerely wanted to pass to you at home that she has been so moved by your messages, love and support," Kaye began. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? The host continued: "We will be passing those on to her. Tom our producer actually spoke to her minutes ago and Brenda was sharing that Jamal loved the fact that his mum Brenda was on this show. "He was so proud of Brenda. They were so proud of each other and she really is taking comfort from the messages that have come from the show here and from you at home. "And I have to say from our studio crew here, a box of love will be coming to you Brenda, from the studio crew. "It's difficult, what can you say in these situations. I sat with my phone thinking, 'What do I say? What do I write?' But it makes a difference." Carol McGiffin went on to recall filming Monday's show with Charlene White and Judi Love. "I bet that was tough," Denise Welch told her co-star. Carol replied: "Do you know what? I've done over 150 shows in 20 odd years and I never thought I would have to do a show that was that difficult and that we would do a show talking about one of us whose child had died the day before. "I never thought I'd ever be there. I was pretty speechless on Monday because I really didn't know what to say." DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [NEWS] "The night before we were WhatsApping and I was like, 'They can't do the show, you have to cancel the show'," Kaye weighed in. "You can't sit on television when somebody has had such a loss. "Charlene and Judi were obviously with Brenda on Sunday and I was so delighted to hear that. "I know they would have given her incredible comfort." Earlier this week, it was confirmed Jamal died from a heart attack at the home he shared with his mum. A vigil was held in Acton and saw crowds gathered together to remember the DJ. Jamal's mum also attended the gathering and could be seen singing a heartbreaking rendition of Whitney Houston's song The Greatest Love of All. Brenda has also since broken her silence on social media by posting a family photo of Jamal and her daughter Tanisha. The post read: “It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. “Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world. "As we come to terms with his passing, we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. "I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.