  Baroness Brady has spoken out against sporting boycotts, calling them a “hopeless gesture”. The Apprentice star has suggested that the measures taken by sporting organisations feel futile in light of Russia’s ruthless invasion of Ukraine.      Karren, 52, was left unimpressed by football authorities as they announced that they would be boycotting the Russian city of St Petersburg for the Champions League final. After mounting pressure to address the ongoing crisis in Ukraine with some sort of sanction for Russia, Uefa announced on Friday that the Champions League final will be played at the Stade de France just outside Paris instead of in the Russian city of St Petersburg. In response to the decision, Karren wrote in her column for the Sun: “One cannon snort from a Russian tank and hitting back with the boycott of a football venue looked like what it eventually became, a hopeless gesture. “Despots of the Vladimir Putin kind aren’t going to be put off by the equivalent of smacked legs, the history of failed sports boycotts has repeatedly informed us.” READ MORE: David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him'     “‘Is that all you’ve got’ is a boxer’s sneer that just about sums up Putin’s attitude to the West’s efforts to persuade him to halt his invasion of Ukraine,” she continued. “It was certainly going to take a good deal more than a threat to take the Champions League final away from St Petersburg, which Uefa finally did. “Uefa’s self-importance and the West’s gullibility led them to think a parcel of financial threats might just sway the thug Putin and his henchmen.” The vice-chairman of West Ham United F.C. went on to describe Russia as a “rogue state” with a “total lack of morals”.      She made reference to the famous murders of defected Russian agents in the UK, such as the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko. Karren also discussed Russia’s record of illegal drug taking when it comes to sports. One example she gave was when the International Olympic Committee banned the Russian team before allowing them to compete under the “Russian Olympic Committee” with the condition that they would have no flags or badges. The 2018 World Cup controversy after Russia entered into a bidding contest with Fifa that took this year’s competition to Qatar was also mentioned. READ MORE... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [UPDATE] Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [INSIGHT] 'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [LATEST]    Concluding her article Karren remarked: “The St Petersburg shot never had a chance of scoring. But I do imagine Putin originally addressing a row of sub-Commie dummies sitting in palatial splendour in the Kremlin, scratching his head and saying: ‘What do we do about the cup final, comrades? They’re playing it dirty.’ “No, he’s the guy who plays it dirty,” she added. “Very dirty indeed.” Uefa announced on Friday that they would be boycotting the Russian city of St Petersburg for the Champions League final, choosing Stade de France just outside Paris as an alternative. In a statement it said: “Uefa wishes to express its thanks and appreciation to French Republic President Emmanuel Macron for his personal support and commitment to have European club football’s most prestigious game moved to France at a time of unparalleled crisis.”       Uefa also ordered Russian and Ukrainian clubs and national teams to play their home matches on neutral grounds until further notice. The boycotts come after Russia shocked the world when it invaded Ukraine early on Thursday morning. Ukrainians have taken to the streets with weapons to defend their country, as Putin’s troops continue to wage war in multiple cities. The Apprentice continues on Thursday night at 9pm on BBC One.    