State pension payments usually hinge on National Insurance contributions. These are typically built up throughout a person’s working lifetime. For any state pension at all, Britons will usually need 10 qualifying years of contributions. Individuals require 35 qualifying years to get the new full state pension. Some may get less if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. However, not all Britons have been in full-time employment and may be worried about their entitlement. READ MORE: State pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% Some of these individuals could be entitled to boost their state pension - but they may need to act. The Government explains: “You may get National Insurance credits if you cannot work. “For example, because of illness or disability, or if you’re a carer, or you’re unemployed.” National Insurance credits will differ according to a person’s circumstances, but could provide a great help. DON'T MISSState pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% [INSIGHT]Britons to receive ‘modest’ income as triple lock suspended [UPDATE]State pension warning as Britons may not get full sum at retirement [EXPLAINED] If a person is eligible, they will get one of the main types of credits. Class one credits count towards a person’s state pension, but could also help them qualify for some other benefits. Class three contributions count towards a state pension only. Some credits will be received automatically, while other people may have to take action to claim. There are some key examples where people could be able to secure National Insurance credits. For example, if a person claims Child Benefit for a child under 12 - or under 16 before 2010 - they will be entitled. Those in receipt of payments such as Jobseeker’s Allowance or Employment and Support Allowance may also be eligible. Indeed, people getting support through Carer’s Allowance are also able to get National Insurance credits. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who are not working or getting National Insurance credits may be able to pay voluntary National Insurance contributions. But it is advised they should check whether paying these will actually increase their state pension by contacting the Future Pension Centre. People can have gaps in their National Insurance record and still get the full new state pension. The Government explains: “You can get a state pension forecast which will tell you how much state pension you may get. “You can then apply for a National Insurance statement from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to check if your record has gaps.”