Kate Garraway, 54, has said that her husband Derek burst into tears after going to the toilet along for the first time since living with Covid. The writer fell ill in 2020 and was hospitalised for over a year as a result. Derek still requires care, and remains bed-ridden. Kate spoke up about landmark achievements that the author has made since contracting the illness. The presenter said that it was heartbreaking that the fact he could use the toilet on his own could be considered “progress.” She told The Sun: “What's heartbreaking is that this is progress, him using the commode without me, that's an achievement.” READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning She added that he cried following the experience. The star continued, saying that it was important to celebrate the “big things.” Kate said: “He cried afterwards partly because he’s pleased, but also, I think, it’s a case of: 'Christ, is that where we are?’ "But we have to celebrate the tiny things because they are big things - they mean progress.” The broadcaster also said that she had travelled to Mexico with her husband. The two headed off to the country following the easing of restrictions. They went to Mexico in order to get Derek special treatment. The lobbyist has suffered terribly as a result of Covid, including having holes in his lungs and kidney damage. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby's dental horror after disaster night with husband [ANALYSIS]Kate Garraway addresses dilemma over new Derek Draper documentary [UPDATE] After watching documentary Finding Derek on ITV, an American doctor offered to help. Kate was hesitant to reveal more information as she didn’t want to give “false hope” to people in a similar boat. But she added that she was desperate to give a “happy ending” to the story. "For Derek mainly, but also for everybody who asks me every day how he’s getting on,” she said. Derek’s treatment was first shown in the ITV show Finding Derek which aired in 2021. The latest update on Derek’s health will be showcased in the form of a new ITV documentary. The show is called Caring For Derek and serves as a follow-up to the award-winning 2021 documentary. Caring For Derek airs tonight at 9pm on ITV.