Lydia (played by Rebecca Ryan) is about to rip apart Adam (Sam Robertson) and Sarah Platt's (Tina O'Brien) marriage for the sake of revenge on Coronation Street. Feeling aggrieved by her former lover for treating her unkindly upon her arrival on the cobbles, she has been meticulously planning his downfall as she has made out he is having an affair behind his wife's back. Upcoming scenes on the ITV soap will see him try to plead his innocence as he has no idea what's going on, but it seems Lydia could be caught out if it is revealed her son isn't actually hers. When the troubled character first appeared in Weatherfield late last year, she was joined by her young son Finn Chambers. The youngster was in the same class as Sarah's son Harry Platt (Freddie and Isaac Rhodes) at Bessie Street Primary School and this is how the two women struck up a bond. It has always been thought the young boy could in fact be Adam's, whom he fathered during a six-month relationship with Lydia. However, considering the ticking time bomb this secret has been and how prominent the child could be to the plot, he has been missing from the action ever since. His absence hasn't gone unnoticed by viewers watching the drama unfolding at home and they have taken to Twitter to comment. READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' Helen wrote on the social media platform: "Seriously Lydia don’t you have a son at home to be looking after!!!!! #corrie." Bredrew posted: "I guess Lydia's son is taking care of himself #Corrie," as Ruth added: "Hasn't Lydia got a son to be dealing with instead? #corrie." Craig commented: "And now Lydia...Not bothered about your son, love? #corrie," with Gilly stating: "Who’s looking after Lydia’s son? She’s never at home! #Corrie." Sarah asked the fanbase: "Has Lydia’s son gone up the magic stairs? She never seems to have him. #Corrie #CoronationStreet." "Is it me but Lydia’s son hasn’t been seen since the Christmas market was there?" Samantha remarked. Although the queries about Finn's whereabouts have continued, his absence could have been written in intentionally. This is because the youngster might not actually be Lydia's son but it could be her nephew instead, with the boy having nothing to do with Adam. The day she was at the Christmas market could have coincided with the day she was supposed to be looking after her sister's little boy. Finn just happened to add some more drama to the mix as his appearance left Adam to wonder whether the boy was his son. The troublemaker has liked playing games and this could have been a bonus but she could get caught out as the lawyer begins to look for flaws in her plans. DON'T MISS...Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT]‘Hoping and praying’ Corrie's Sue Cleaver shares worries for brother [COMMENT] As Adam begins his own investigation into Lydia, hoping to find something which will prove she is a liar, he could be shocked to learn she doesn't have a son. In fact, he could be full of glee when he discovers she has a nephew and Finn was just a pawn in her game to tear the lawyer and Sarah apart. Exposing the baby lie to his wife, Sarah would confront her love rival on why she lied about having a young son. Knowing the game is up, the troublemaker could reveal she used Finn to get closer to Sarah so she could get her own side. Lydia believes the iconic character needs to be protected from her husband but this lie would only see the hatred turned on her. It is known the storyline will be coming to an end very soon and Lydia will be making her exit from the weeknight serial drama. But could it come off the back of her baby secret being unravelled, meaning she will be full of shame and humiliation upon her departure? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Lydia, Rebecca, has spoken out on her character's actions. The soap star explained: "I knew she was coming in to cause a little bit of trouble with Adam and Sarah. I wasn’t quite sure of the extent of the trouble she was going to cause. "In the past, when [Adam and Lydia] were together back in the uni days, he treated her very badly, and for her, it wasn’t just a little fling and onto the next one. It changed her life. “Her relationship with Adam changed the course of her life, and she’s really struggling the get over that," she continued. "I think the worst thing for her is that he hasn’t admitted or acknowledged it. I think it’s another nail in the coffin. "All it would’ve taken for him was his acknowledgement and that’s it, instead he goes, ‘Sorry, who?’ Then for her, that’s like the biggest kick in the teeth. "She’s covered all bases. She’s gone to extraordinary lengths, things you wouldn’t even think of. Not only that, she’s put things into place weeks before. "Conversations that she’s had with Sarah, she’s laying the groundwork already for things she knows are going to happen. She’s been very clever and manipulative. This is a well-thought-out plan, for sure." But will her fall down be the truth about her so-called son? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.