Since the introduction of the new industry standard E10 petrol back in September last year, there has been a growing number of drivers unhappy with the cost, performance and safety of the eco-friendly fuel. Now motorists are suggesting that it be withdrawn from sale immediately and written off as a mistake. The Government decided to change the standard fuel at the pumps from E5 to E10 in a bid to reduce Carbon Dioxide emissions. While they admitted a small reduction in fuel economy was expected from the switch, in reality drivers have reported anything up to 20 percent drops. Mechanics have also said they are seeing a rise in cars brought with issues after using E10 and experts have warned of long term problems caused by residue settling at the bottom of tanks. Now Express.co.uk readers have commented to suggest the fuel is scrapped altogether. READ MORE: Drivers delighted by new number plates with Union Jack Not all cars are compatible with E10 and although the Government said the cost of filling up would be around £1 a tank more than E5, prices continue to rocket. ‘The Oracle’ commented: “Fuel efficiency of e10 only needs to be a few percent lower than e5 before you will end up with greater co2 emissions. “If it's true that cars' fuel efficiency is 10 percent or more reduced then use of e10 is actually bad for the environment.” And other readers were quick to agree, sharing their problems with the new fuel. DON'T MISSDo you own one of these future classic cars? [REVEALED]Drivers warned of new spate of keyless car thefts [INSIGHT]Cars: The UK's 'favourite' brands unveiled [DATA] ‘Saleaway’ wrote: “Fuel consumption with our two cars on E10 is 15 to 20 percent worse than it was with E5. “Needs to be withdrawn before too much damage is done. “We've gone back to E5 at greater cost but back to previous mpg. “God bless the 'Greens' where would we be without them?” Others felt that the introduction of E10 was more of a money-making exercise than an environmental decision. ‘Swifty’ commented: “E10, manufactured to make us use more fuel thus pay more VAT.” While ‘WrinklyOldGt’ said: “My garage now has a sign on the E5 pump, ‘if you are not sure if E10 is suitable for your car, check with our mechanic before filling’. “That says a lot.” ‘David Smile’ said: “Just more expensive useless green nonsense used to fleece drivers of ever more money. “Time this war on motorists was stopped, and this net zero nonsense was scrapped.” And ‘ChiPs’ concurred, writing: “I bought a diesel in 2016. zero road tax and I can drive from Lands End to John o' Groats on a tank. Keep your petrol and EVs.” ‘UK264’ said simply: “The whole thing is a sham, the green lobby, the increased costs, everything, an utter disgrace.”  Do you think E10 fuel should be scrapped? Have your say in the comments below.