Chelsea have received a huge injury boost ahead of the Carabao Cup final this weekend. Mateo Kovacic and Hakim Ziyech both came off injured against Lille in the Champions League. Chelsea pair Kovacic and Ziyech are ready to return against Liverpool this weekend after an injury scare in the Champions League. The Blues face Jurgen Klopp’s men in the Carabao Cup final this Sunday in a huge match for both sides chasing multiple trophies. Thomas Tuchel has already won the Super Cup and the Club World Cup this season and could add a third piece of silverware. While the Reds remain in with a good chance of winning a quadruple with the FA Cup, Champions League and Premier League in their sights. There were huge worries over Kovacic and Ziyech, though, when the two limped off against Lille on Tuesday night at Stamford Bridge. Both have been in brilliant form for the Blues and have been pivotal to their success this campaign. However, according to Di Marzio, neither suffered any serious damage and were the result of two bad challenges that should clear up before the weekend. That is a huge boost to Chelsea, who have had a myriad of injury troubles all season. Ben Chilwell’s season-ending injury in November saw them lose a huge part of their attacking power from out wide while Reece James followed him into the physio room soon after. The two had been arguably Chelsea’s most important players, crucial to the wing-back system that Tuchel likes to employ. James has resumed light training but remains a huge doubt for this Sunday while Chilwell will most likely remain out until next season. Mason Mount returned to the bench against Lille but was an unused substitute with Tuchel not wanting to risk aggravating his ankle. There was no need, too, with the west London side easing to victory against their French opponents in a 2-0 result at Stamford Bridge. It means that Chelsea have a healthy lead to take into the second leg after goals from Kai Havertz and Christian Pulisic. But all eyes will be on this weekend in a showdown between Tuchel and Klopp in a chance for a new name to be engraved on the Carabao Cup after Manchester City’s domination over the tournament in recent years.