Yesterday the Duchess of Cambridge attended the Six Nations rugby match at Twickenham between England and Wales, alongside Prince William and the couple’s oldest son Prince George. It was the first match Kate had attended in her new role as patron of England’s governing body, the Rugby Football Union and the Duchess even wore an England scarf over her coat in support of Eddie Jones’ side. William however was likely supporting Wales, with the Duke having been patron of the Welsh Rugby Union for the past six years.   Kate has always seemed composed and effortlessly glamorous carrying out royal duties since becoming a member of the Firm 11 years ago. In BBC podcast ‘Images of Diana’ the Duchess was even likened to her mother-in-law the Princess of Wales, with both women having been thrust into the public eye after living relatively private lives beforehand. However royal expert Ms Tominey pointed out a notable difference between the two women. Speaking in 2017, the expert said: “I think it’s difficult for Kate individually because she’s intrinsically shy. Read More: Queen could have 'bleak shadow' cast over Platinum Jubilee  “I think she could do herself more credit by speaking more. “She has had this crippling fear of public speaking which Arthur and I have seen first hand ‒ and the rest of the people in the press pack ‒ when she has had to address crowds that she needs to get over. “Because if the royals are to be modern and very 21st century, princesses need to be heard as well as seen. “That’s why Diana was so magical because as well as looking good, if he took to the podium, she would actually say something significant.”  Kate devotes her time supporting a number of charitable causes and organisations, many of which are centred around early learning for children. Royal photographer Arthur Edwards added: “I think she should speak more about her causes, they’re worthwhile charities, the hospice shops, they’re brilliant what she does, but they don’t get the publicity that they deserve. “Instead it’s all about what she looks like, what she wears, when she’s had her haircut. “She hates when she is criticised for wearing the same dress for the second time in a month.” Don't Miss:Queen could have 'bleak shadow' cast over Platinum Jubilee[OPINION]Kate Middleton and Sophie Wessex both victims of same ‘malicious in...[ANALYSIS]Prince William's defiant message against Putin's Russia[INSIGHT]  The royal experts on the podcast also explored how Diana’s relationship with Prince Charles greatly differed from Kate and William’s romance. Kate and Wiliam met while studying at the University of St Andrews in the early Noughties. The pair had a long and occasionally tumultuous courtship and ultimately got engaged in 2010 before tying the knot a year later. In contrast, Diana had fleeting romance with the heir-apparent, before the pair married in 1981.  Ms Tominey said: “[Kate] comes from a privileged position of being with William for many years before they actually married.” Mr Edwards added: “Yes it was a press free time, four years at university where there was no media.” Yesterday William and Kate released a rare political statement in support of Ukraine, amid the Russian invasion of the country.  On social media the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said: “In October we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. “Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future.” William and Kate met with Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his First Lady Olena Zelenskyy at Buckingham Palace in October 2020. 