Restrictions on test orders from the government website were changed on Monday so that one box of LFTs could be ordered by an individual per 72 hours rather than one every 24 hours. The change was made without any announcement. The website later said there were no more tests available for delivery. There are concerns that members of the public have been hoarding free tests while they are available. The government website said tests would be available to pick up in-person at pharmacies which had them in stock. However, reports on social media suggest free tests have already run out in local pharmacies in many areas of the country. Dr Leyla Hannbeck, Chief Executive of the Association of Independent Multiple Pharmacies, told MailOnline that her members had noticed a growing trend of hoarding in the past 24 hours. She said: 'We raised concerns around Christmas time about supply not meeting the demand following change in government guidelines. “Once again pharmacies find themselves in a situation where we are not communicated with prior to an announcement and need to deal with the increased demand'.   One person tweeted: “I’m unable to get any lateral flow tests delivered to my home. My local pharmacy doesn’t have any available for me to collect. I have no tests left. I work with the most vulnerable people in society. What do I do now if I have the mildest symptoms?” Each test will reportedly cost between £3 and £5 each and £20 for a box from April 1, although the costs depend on private suppliers. Free testing will be scrapped for everyone including those with symptoms. The government has said “a small number of at-risk groups” and care home staff will continue to get free LFTs, possibly the over-80s, although this has not yet been confirmed. The move to axe free tests had been widely criticised. Journalist and writer Lucia Osborne-Crowley tweeted: “Ending restrictions and charging 5 POUNDS EACH for lateral flow tests is just asking those of us who are sick and disabled to either a) be in self-imposed isolation forever, b) bankrupt ourselves trying to stay safe, or c) die. Cool.”   READ MORE: Sturgeon's Covid self-isolation rules holding Scotland back  Chris Bryant, Labour MP for the Rhondda, accused the Government of adding to the cost of living crisis by making people pay for tests. He tweeted: “If you have to pay for a Covid test after 1 April and the responsible thing is to test and stay away from work, the government has just added to the Tory Cost of Living Crisis.” Jon Trickett, Labour MP for Hemsworth, also criticised the move. He tweeted: The NHS was created to be free at the point of use. “No one should support charging NHS patients £30 for covid test packs.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson defended the move in the Commons on Monday.  DON'T MISS:The on-brand way Queen is spending Covid self-isolation [BREAKNG]Russia-Ukraine: Putin orders troops into usurped regions [LIVE]China blast plane with 'dangerous' laser in 'act of intimidation' [LATEST]   He said the universal free testing programme, which he cited as the "biggest testing programme per person of any large country in the world" came "at vast cost". Government spending on covid testing which topped £15bn in 2021, will be slashed by 90 percent. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer responded: "Free tests can't continue forever, but if you're 2-1 up with 10 minutes to go you don't sub off one of your best defenders." Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey added: "Is the prime minister really telling people they must chose between money for the weekly shop or a test so they don't accidentally take this contagious virus into their loved ones' homes?" People who test positive for Covid will no longer have to isolate by law from Thursday. Covid status certificates will also be scrapped as will need to show proof of vaccination. 