On Monday, presenter Ben Shephard was joined by Will, Tracey, Karen and Ken on Tipping Point as they each hoped to earn an eye-watering sum of money. After a gruelling couple of rounds, both Will and Ken had been eliminated from the competition as they hadn’t answered as many correct questions as the other two remaining contestants. In a nail-biting quiz-off, Tracey and Karen went head-to-head where Ben asked the pair a series of general knowledge questions. However, ITV fans were left distracted by a blunder made by the Good Morning Britain host, causing quite a buzz on social media. Ben asked: “Which of the three Gibb brothers who made up the Bee Gees was not a twin?” Answering the question was Tracey, who said: “I think I remember a Rob or a Bob, or a Robin Gibb? “I’ll play, and I’ll say Robin,” she concluded. The host smirked and followed with: “You’ve gone with Robin. Now, you’ve played because you think Karen will know.” READ MORE:Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell?  Tracey giggled and agreed: “Yep.” “Karen, are you into the Bee Gees?" he asked. Karen answered: “A little bit, I’d forgotten about Robin, I could remember, is it, Andy and Maurice? “I might have gone, Maurice?” she answered.   The ITV presenter continued: “Okay, let’s see if you’re right then. Tracey if you are, you’re our winner, if you’re wrong [then] Karen, you have one chance at staying alive.” Making reference to the Bee Gee’s classic hit, Tracey also joined in on the pun, saying: “That was a tragedy.” Ben chuckled: “Enough of this jive-talking, let’s get on with it.” In the scenes that shortly followed, both contestants were incorrect with their guesses after Ben said: “It’s not Robin, it was Barry actually. “That was the brother you didn’t name, there is no Andy.”   However, fans were left fuming after the host had dismissed Andy Gibb, who was in fact a brother of the Bee Gee members. On Twitter, @ninjamilton pointed out: “@benshephard just watched tipping point... how can you say there was no Andy Gibb?? “Yes there was.. younger brother to Barry, Maurice and Robin. Doh!!!” (sic) In jest, @oiyouandy asked: “No Andy Gibb? “Who was that impostor pretending to be their younger brother then @benshephard? #tippingpoint.”   The Bee Gees were a music group formed in 1958, featuring brothers Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb. The trio was especially successful as a popular music act in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and later as prominent performers of the disco music era in the mid to late 1970s. W59Sharon said: “Oh Ben. There was an Andy. “He just didn't sing with the other 3 as the BeeGees although he did make some records with them #tippingpoint.” @JaneDay1965 remarked: “@benshephard #tippingpoint - No Andy Gibb -wrong he was the youngest of the Gibb brothers #beegees @shabbapne weighed in: “No Andy?!  B****y hell Ben! #TippingPoint.” Later on in the show, Tracey made it all the way to the final round and managed to take home an impressive £3.300, walking away from the jackpot. Tipping Point airs on ITV on weekdays at 4pm. 