Lawn care remains an essential gardening job even throughout the winter months. As spring is quickly approaching, this means that growth will increase as a result of the weather warming up. The work gardeners do now will reflect in their gardens for spring and summer. During this time there are certain things gardeners can do to ensure their lawn remains healthy and thriving for the rest of the year. Gardening experts at The Greenhouse People have shared their three top tips for keeping lawns healthy and thriving for spring. They explained how using “Epsom salt” will give lawns an “extra boost” ahead of spring. The gardening experts said: “If your lawn is looking a little sad after months of cold temperatures, give it a little extra boost with some Epsom salt. “This is best used after periods of winter stress and can help provide your soil with some extra nutrients.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours The Epsom Salt Council recommends that gardeners use three pounds of Epsom salt for every 1,250 square feet of lawn. Gardeners simply need to dilute the salt in some water (preferably rainwater) and spray across their lawn for this hack. The experts have also advised gardeners to water their grass even in winter. They said: “If you’re hoping for a lush lawn come spring, you must put in the work now. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading  [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens [TIPS]Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [EXPERT] “While the UK’s wintery season often means more rain than snow, it’s still important to keep an eye on the weather to keep your lawn moisturised. “Droughts during the winter can dry out grass and may even damage roots.” Be sure to continue to water the grass, aiming for half of what gardeners would water during summer. They should also avoid watering during a cold snap to prevent freeze damage. The last tip the gardening experts suggested was to “pack away the mower” and “pick up the pitchfork”. The experts said: “You should avoid mowing your lawn while temperatures remain low. “Rather, bring out your pitchfork, or even better, a lawn aerator, to prevent soil compaction. “A sure sign you need to aerate your lawn is if you notice moss beginning to grow.” Gardeners are advised to take care to remove all moss first before raking the soil. Moss can grow in almost any lawn, and if it crops up may indicate the health of your grass isn't the best. Distinct brown-yellow patches, general discolouration and different textures are all signs of moss growth. To aerate a lawn properly, drive the spikes about 3cm into the ground, give them a good wiggle and then remove the pitchfork. This will help ensure proper circulation of air, nutrients and water in the soil. 