Boris Johnson has unveiled an “unprecedented” package of sanctions targeting over 100 Russian companies and oligarchs as well as freezing bank assets and strengthening trade restrictions to hit its electronics, aerospace and telecoms industries. Writing in The Telegraph, Ms Truss swore that the tough measures would “cripple Russia’s economic development in both the short and long term”. She wrote: “With so much at stake, the United Kingdom is leading the charge to rally international support for Ukraine and to respond alongside our allies with strength. “That’s why we have been at the forefront in supplying defensive weapons and economic support to Ukraine. “We have also been consistent in calling out Russian disinformation and the false flag operations aimed at creating a pretext for invasion. “The UK is proud to lead by example.”  Ms Truss added: “Our unprecedented package of sanctions will leave no corner of his regime unscathed. “At this defining moment, we stand with Ukraine, its people and its democracy and will continue to support them economically, politically and defensively. “They have risked their lives to choose freedom and are ready to do so again. “We cannot - and will not - rest until the Russian economy pays the price and Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity are restored.”  READ MORE: Biden deploys 7,000 US troops to Germany amid Ukraine invasion - ‘Free The US, the EU and other countries including Japan, Canada and Australia have all imposed sanctions on Russia in a bid to force Putin to retreat out of Ukraine. However, Switzerland has maintained its notoriously neutral stance and refused to impose its own sanctions. The Swiss Foreign Ministry issued a statement on Thursday calling Putin’s invasion of Ukraine a “gross violation of international law”.  DON'T MISS:Map shows EXACT location of 'very strategic corridor' as 'heavy airstr [SPOTLIGHT]Volodymyr Zelenskyy orders civilians to fight Russian troops [NEWS]Blinken ‘convinced’ Putin will try to overthrow Ukrainian government [ANALYSIS] But it said it would support EU sanctions rather than enforce its own. China has backed Putin’s claims to Ukraine by refusing to describe his “special military action” as an invasion. They instead accused the US of “hyping up” the threat of war in Europe. Speaking on Thursday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said: “We still hope that the parties concerned will not shut the door to peace and engage instead in dialogue and consultation and prevent the situation from further escalating.” 