Zoe Kravitz and Robert Pattinson are in London today promoting their new film The Batman. Ahead of its glitzy premiere tonight in Leicester Square, Kravitz chatted to Zoe Ball about filming the blockbuster. Kravitz, who plays Catwoman in the new film, shared some insight into filming in the suits. In particular, she admitted there was one uncomfortable scene with her co-star Robert early on. She explained on the BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show this morning: “The infamous drip! "You know the cowl is very warm and we were obviously moving a lot in that scene.  “There’s a moment when we end up on a table next to each other and he’s on top of me. “And I remember every take I would see this one very thick bead of sweat that would drip down. “I would just hope that Matt [Reeves, director] would call cut before it fell basically into my mouth.” Both stars laughed off the interaction as Ball quipped some fans would be “jealous” of the interaction.  Elsewhere in the chat, Kravitz opened up about her own mishaps with the costume. She admitted her suit left her wanting to “cry” when she first put it on. The Catwoman star said: “We rehearsed for a few months and I felt we both felt we had the hang of it. “And then they said, ‘Okay, now try with the suits.’ DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT]Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [PICTURES]   “The suits are so tight and so restrictive. “I remember after the first day I was feeling all confident and then they put the suit on me and I think I started to cry. “It was so difficult to move in the suit. “We had to both start from square one after that.” The Batman is due to hit cinemas on March 4, after a lot of anticipation.  The film was directed by Matt Reeves and reimagines the classic DC character. The synopsis of the new film suggests that Batman will be chasing clues to find a sadistic killer. This reads: “Batman ventures into Gotham City's underworld when a sadistic killer leaves behind a trail of cryptic clues. “As the evidence begins to lead closer to home and the scale of the perpetrator's plans become clear, he must forge new relationships, unmask the culprit and bring justice to the abuse of power and corruption that has long plagued the metropolis.” 