Express.co.uk spoke to Graham Conway, managing director of UK vehicle leasing firm Select Car Leasing, to find out what British tourists need to know to drive in EU countries. He highlighted the main areas where Britons will need to take care. international driving permit (IDP) to drive on the continent, but a trade deal has meant that a standard British licence is fine. “Your licence will cover you for all EU countries, plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. “The only exception is if you have a paper driving licence, in which case you would need to check with authorities in the country you are travelling through.” Britons with a licence issued in Gibraltar, Guernsey, Jersey or the Isle of Man will also need to check with authorities. READ MORE: 'Kids are kings here': Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' British expats living in Spain will need to apply for a Spanish driving licence and take a test in Spanish if they did not exchange their UK driving licence before the deadline. UK driving licences for expats are currently valid until February 28 but there may be an extension. However, British tourists are allowed to drive in the EU for up to six months using their UK licence. Graham added: “Stickers are one of the changes that could catch out some UK motorists. “As of September last year, the traditional ‘GB’ sticker has been ditched in favour of ‘UK’ ones. “This is the case even if your number plate has ‘GB’ on it”. Since the legislation changed in September, Britons need to make sure they have a UK sticker to drive in the EU. Graham told Express.co.uk: “If you are driving in your own car, you should take your V5C log book with you, and if it’s a vehicle hired in the UK then make sure you have a VE103 form to confirm you have permission to take it out of the country.” A vehicle logbook or V5C tracks the registration and tax history of a vehicle and tourists should make sure they have it with them. While it is possible to take a hire car overseas, Britons will need to make sure they have permission from the rental company first. Graham said: “Toll roads are far more common on mainland Europe, and while most now accept card payment it’s sensible to have some euro coins handy in case they don’t.” Some of Europe’s most expensive roads include the Mont Blanc Tunnel and the Orebro bridge in Scandinavia. Graham added: “Headlight converters, to ensure you don’t dazzle oncoming traffic while driving on the right, are compulsory. “Thankfully, they are cheap and readily available. “Other extra things you’ll need to pack include a reflective jacket and warning triangle in case you break down. “Some cities, especially in France and Germany, demand you display an emissions sticker in the window or face a fine, normally around £70.” https://www.selectcarleasing.co.uk/