Killing Eve is back for the fourth and final time, with the new season landing on BBC in a matter of days. Viewers want to know if Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) and Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh) will end together and if the season concludes open-ended. Ahead of the release of the smash-hit show Killing Eve, actor Kim Bodnia appeared on This Morning to tease fans. Kim plays Konstantin, a father figure and mentor to the kooky Villanelle. While appearing on This Morning, Holly Willoughby wanted to talk about the dynamic between his character and the deadly assassin in the final series. The pair have had a physically violent relationship at times and exchanged harsh words in the past. Read More: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner Aaron Dean? The star said: "That has been the problem since she met Eve. "Eve is killing my daughter Villanelle through all these feelings, she is trying to cut the father relationship, and even when she says, 'Come on Kim, I am not your daughter', that hurt so much when Jodie said that." The trailer for the new outing shows potential love interests for the two female leads, which confused fans as the pair have previously had romantic relations. Phillip Schofield shared his inside knowledge on how the actor "threw things in to push" Jodie and her performance to another level and said: "But she did it to you in the last scene, didn't she?"  "It was payback time," Kim jested. "It was so nicely [done], because she became so good at it, so I had no clue at all. "So she wanted to push my feelings as I had pushed her feelings through the seasons." Captivating the hosts with his storytelling and how their onscreen father and daughter relationship was strained after season three, he revealed that she did something that made him very emotional. DON’T MISS… NCIS Sydney cast: Will Tony DiNozzo return to NCIS in Australian spin-off?[LATEST] ‘Thought I would die’ Y 1883’s Sam Elliott feared for his life in harsh filming conditions[LATEST]Emmerdale filming in chaos as Manpreet Sharma star details ‘long week’ on set [LATEST] He added: "She came up with something in a scene that she wasn't supposed to do, and she got me! "The emotional stuff was just coming out of me." Earlier in the interview, he also divulged how he thought he would be filming in Cuba for this cycle, but instead, his character reemerged in Russia. "They're always changing everything here; it is so lovely, it's so surprising. I can tell you that Konstantin is now starting up in Russia," he let slip.  "I went back to Russia in a lovely position, as a mayor in a city." Shocked, Phil loudly said, "How the hell has that happened!" Onlooker Helen Butler took to social media to share her excitement: "#ThisMorning I can't wait for the new series of Killing Eve. Jodie Comer is brilliant." "Looking forward to seeing Killing Eve. #ThisMorning," Garry Enfield added. @Hello_Lois was not sold on the show: "Still not seen killing eve. But now there's no point cos they have just told us the whole series... #thismorning." (sic) Killing Eve will be on BBC One and iPlayer from February 28. 