Along with spells of snow Storm Gladys will be accompanied by gale force winds - reaching in excess of 70mph - and lightning, which could give way to a unique type of weather phenomenon. Gladys will be the fourth named storm to impact UK residents in little more than a week. In response to Storm Gladys’s arrival, the Met Office has imposed two yellow weather warnings across northern parts of the UK. The first is a snow and lightning alert which covers large parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. From 5pm on Wednesday the caution will come into effect and it will remain that way until 8pm on Thursday evening. Meanwhile, a separate wind warning has been in place since 6am on Wednesday morning, stretching from northeast England up to Edinburgh, in Scotland.  READ MORE: Mum 'made to feel like a bad parent' after reading letter from school At 6pm on Wednesday, that particular weather alert will be removed. The Met Office has warned of snow showers reaching between two and 10cm for most affected places. While areas of higher ground could experience between 20 and 30cm by Thursday morning.  Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Images from WXCharts show a large build-up of snow showers heading for the British Isles. These are due to move further over northern regions as we cross over from Wednesday into Thursday. Specifically, the forecaster is predicting up to 40cm over the Scottish Highlands, with up to 10cm across the northwest of England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Observers at Netweather are also suggesting that southern areas, including Cornwall and Devon may see some flurries of snow.  DON'T MISS: Whoopi Goldberg forced to stop TV chat amid shocking Camilla comment [WATCH]Pregnant woman stole £290,000 from work to 'make herself feel better' [NEWS]Russia-Ukraine LIVE: Lithuania & Poland spark Putin FURY [LIVE] Netweather forecasters said: "Thursday will be a day of sunshine and wintry showers, with a covering of snow persisting in many upland parts of the north. "Snow showers are likely on high ground as far south as Cornwall and Devon. "However, any lying snow will tend to thaw quickly in the sun in between the showers on low ground." Conditions from Storm Gladys could give way to a rare phenomenon known as 'thundersnow'.  The event combines thunder and lightning with freezing snow to produce some extraordinary weather. Met Office meteorologist Emma Sharples said: “It is possible, all that really needs is for thunder to happen at the same time as the snow. "So where you get very active or vigorous showers... then we could well get some thunder as well. It is definitely possible.” 