Russia has proven intelligence in the west right by launching an early morning attack on Ukraine. World leaders have condemned Vladimir Putin for the invasion, with pictures showing residents desperately fleeing cities for fear of further violence. Here are the seven countries that are likely to back Russia in a conflict. Ukraine has called for international support from the west, and has closed the country's airspace "due to the high risk of aviation safety for civil aviation".   Tom Tugendhat, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, described the scenes of people leaving their homes in Ukraine as "a human tragedy". He told BBC Breakfast: "The lines of people you're seeing fleeing their home, each person making a decision to abandon something, somewhere ... in order to seek safety elsewhere... "To see these columns of people forced out by naked aggression by Russia and by Vladimir Putin is horrific and extremely painful, and we should be thinking very clearly about the families torn apart, the lives separated." He repeated calls for tougher economic sanctions on Russia. To date, some 90 tonnes of "lethal aid" from the US has arrived in Ukraine, and the UK is supplying Ukraine with short-range anti-tank missiles for self-defence. Read More: Vladimir Putin 'sealed his own doom' with Ukraine incursion Downing Street has today said the UK is increasing its "air policing contribution" to NATO. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "We are increasing our air policing contribution to Nato from RAF Akrotiri and the UK to help protect our Nato allies. "So, two typhoons and a voyager for refuelling from the UK will support continuous Nato air policing over Poland's border with Ukraine ... two typhoons and a voyager for refuelling from Akrotiri (will) also support continuous Nato air policing over Romania's border with Ukraine. "So, this is a defensive capability designed to protect the airspace of our Nato allies ... they will not operate in Ukrainian or Russian airspace. "Just to emphasise, this isn't additional air support, this is the air support already committed to Nato doing additional activities." Ukraine does have a firm band of allies behind it, however, Russia is also likely to have support. Here are the Russian allies who are most likely to side with President Putin if he starts a conflict in Ukraine. The Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO) acts a bit like NATO. It is formed of former soviet states and is effectively a security pact. Six countries make up the CSTO These six will likely come to each other’s defence if attacked. Although the organisation isn’t supposed to deal with domestic disputes, some or all of these allies would likely come to President Putin’s aid in the event of a large-scale war that could be triggered if Russia invades Ukraine. Recently, Russia sent troops to Kazakhstan to allow the Kazak Government to brutally suppress mass popular protests over corruption and soaring fuel prices. Therefore, it seems likely that countries such as Kazakhstan would similarly provide military aid to its ally Russia if called upon to do so. Russia has had a long history of friendship with the Communist state of Cuba. President Putin and Cuban President Miguel Díaz-Canel have recently discussed a “strategic partnership” and have committed to “strengthen bilateral relations”. This has sparked fears that Cuba could side with Russia in a conflict by allowing Russia to deploy troops to threaten the US if tensions over Ukraine continued to escalate. Moscow's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Russian television network RTVI he could “neither confirm nor exclude” the possibility of Russia sending military assets to Cuba if the US and its allies fail to heed Moscow’s demands. Ukraine used to be a member of the Soviet Union until 1991, when it managed to gain independence from Moscow’s rule. Although the vast majority of Ukrainians support democracy and look to Europe - as opposed to Russia - there have been pro-European and pro-Russian factions in Ukraine ever since the country left the Soviet Union. Pro-Russian anti-government groups in Ukraine will likely support Russia just as they did when President Putin annexed the Crimean peninsula in 2014.