The 13 border guards were defending the tiny island of Snake Island, when Russia invaded last week on Thursday. The island is located about 30 miles off the southern tip of the Ukrainian mainland, near the Romanian border. Although it is less than a square mile in size, it is considered vital to Ukraine's territorial claims. The soldiers reportedly died from a naval bombardment, after telling the Russians in no uncertain terms "to go f***" themselves. However, latest reports suggest the heroic Ukrainians may still be alive, according to a statement issued by the State Border Guard Service. The statement said: "“We [have a] strong belief that all Ukrainian defenders of Zmiinyi (Snake) Island may be alive. “After receiving information about their possible location, the [border guard service] together with the Armed Forces of Ukraine are conducting work on identifying our soldiers.” It added that it sincerely hoped the reports of their survival were correct and that "the boys will return home as soon as possible." At the time of the incident, the missile cruiser Moskva and the patrol ship Vasily Bykov were reported to be in the area. The communications between the soldiers and the Russian navy officers were captured on a recording that was then released to social media. In the recording a Russian naval officer radios: "I am a Russian warship, I repeat: I suggest you lay down your arms and surrender otherwise you will be bombed." The recording goes silent, and the defenders are heard saying: "This is it." Then came their reply. "Russian warship - go f*** yourself." In an article last year, the Atlantic Council think tank called the spit of land "key to Ukraine's maritime territorial claims" in the Black Sea. READ MORE: Karren Brady blasts sport boycotts amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine Michael van Ginkel, a security analyst, told the website Military.com that the island was a key objective for the Russians. He said that control of the island and its sea lanes would allow Moscow "to regulate traffic between Ukrainian Black Sea ports like Odessa/Kherson and international markets. "Likewise, it is strategically placed to regulate trade that transits the Danube River, which is a major EU transport corridor for commerce." It comes as Russian forces continue their push towards the country's capital city, Kyiv. On Sunday, the city's mayor described the capital as now being "encircled." DON'T MISS'Putin's war unwinnable' Britain's MI6 rubbish Russia's chances  [REVEAL]Furious Russians turn on Putin - mass arrests as thousands protest [SPOTLIGHT]Not so fast Vladimir! How SWIFT can slow down Putin's invasion [INSIGHT] Vladimir Klitschko, the former world heavyweight boxing champion, told AFP that a "civilian evacuation" was no longer possible, because "all ways are blocked." He said: "We are at the border of a humanitarian catastrophe. “Right now, we have electricity, right now we have water and heating in our houses. But the infrastructure is destroyed to deliver the food and medication.” He added: “That’s why the message for everyone is: Support Ukraine together ... We are strong. “Every Ukrainian is proud to be independent, proud to be Ukrainian, and we are proud to have our own country.”