On Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin held a surprise television announcement where he said he had "made the decision of a military operation", despite weeks of intense diplomacy and threats of sanctions from western allies. Within a few hours of Mr Putin's speech, Russia's defence ministry said it had neutralised Ukrainian military airbases and its air defence systems. Explosions were heard across Ukraine overnight, with its foreign minister warning a "full-scale invasion" was underway. Now, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi today, reiterating the Russian assertion that NATO “broke its promise” of not expanding eastward. He was quoted by the Chinese broadcaster as saying: “Russia was forced to take necessary measures to safeguard our rights." The Chinese official said he “understands” Russia’s security concerns given the “complex and unique history of the Ukraine question". He added that there should be “dialogues and negotiations” toward a “balanced, effective and sustainable security mechanism in Europe.” He also said China respects the sovereignty of “all countries.” NATO was founded in 1949 specifically to counter the Soviet Empire in Europe and has been evolving since the breakup of the USSR in 1991. READ MORE: World War 3: Is World War 3 now a reality in Europe? Will Putin stop? The idea of NATO expanding eastward has been widely criticised by Russian presidents. Back in 1997, Boris Yeltsin - Russia's first post-Soviet president - said: "We believe that the eastward expansion of NATO is a mistake and a serious one at that." The most recent member states to be added to NATO are Montenegro on 5 June 2017 and North Macedonia on 27 March 2020. As of 2021, NATO officially recognizes three aspiring members: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, and Ukraine. DON'T MISS William's secret visit exposed as he met MI6 [REVEAL] 'Anti-Hitler...Putin!' Ukrainian reporter slips up during NATO brief [COMMENT] Russia's attack 'start of Third World War' - ex-Ukraine PM warns [INSIGHT] However, earlier this week, Mr Putin said: "If Ukraine were to join NATO, it would serve as a direct threat to the security of Russia. "In NATO documents, our country is officially and directly declared the main threat to North Atlantic security. "And Ukraine will serve as a forward springboard for the strike." Mr Putin also shrugged off Western threats of sanctions and accused the West of trying to "blackmail us again". He continued: "They are trying to blackmail us again. "They are threatening us again with sanctions, which, by the way, I think they will introduce anyway as Russia's sovereignty strengthens and the power of our armed forces grows. "And a pretext for another sanctions attack will always be found or fabricated." He said Russia "has every right to take retaliatory measures to ensure its own security. That is exactly what we will do". Last month, China demanded a legally binding agreement calling on the US and Russia to reduce their own stockpiles of nuclear weapons. The US, China, Russia, the UK and France issued a rare joint statement setting aside increasing tensions between the East and the West. The five nuclear powers reaffirmed their goal of creating a world free of atomic weapons in a bid to avoid a nuclear war. They also committed to full future disarmament from atomic weapons. But just a day after the statement was issued, China demanded Washington and Moscow reduce the number of nuclear weapons in their arsenal.