Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has hailed Nemanja Matic's impact against Atletico Madrid and could be ready to utilise him more in the Premier League top-four battle. Matic was widely praised for his second-half substitute cameo as United salvaged a 1-1 draw in Wednesday's Champions League last-16, first-leg clash. Anthony Elanga's 80th-minute strike saved the Red Devils from starting the second leg at Old Trafford next month with a disadvantage. And Rangnick's side lacked inspiration before he made a bold 66th-minute triple substitution, bringing on Matic, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Alex Telles. Atletico's comfort soon disappeared as the Serb brought calm and composure to United's midfield, and he helped hold onto the draw after Elanga's ice-cold finish. In the aftermath, the 19-year-old winger received mass plaudits from viewers and fans after netting his first Champions League goal. JUST IN: Man Utd tight-lipped on Aeroflot sponsorship despite Russia sanctions But, speaking on Friday, Rangnick made a point to praise Matic's contribution to United's positive result at the Wanda Metropolitano. He told reporters: "Although all the headlines quite logically were in his [Anthony Elanga's] favour, it was not only him. "I think in the second half, we changed the momentum and regrouped the whole team. And it was not only him but also the other players and the other subs, including Nemanja Matic, who helped to change the game. "In the first half, as I said, we were just too cautious in possession, too passive, too static when we were in possession of the ball. READ MORE: Medvedev explains how Liverpool star Mo Salah left him 'super happy' "We made it in those first 45 minutes too easy for Atletico always to try to put pressure on us. And that's why we had only a very few of those moments that we could challenge them at the back, which changed in the second half. "And that was one of the major reasons why we were able to equalise and at the end, even with another five or 10 minutes to play, we might have even won the game, but in the end, it was about the result. "The result was good. I think it leaves us all the chances in the world to proceed to the next round without saying that it makes things easier. "This will be a tough game to play in three weeks, but now our full focus is on the Premier League and tomorrow's game against Watford." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.