Bjorn Ironside star Alexander Ludwig traded medieval Scandinavia for the Deep South in his brand new series, Heels. The wrestling drama received critical acclaim when it premiered on Starz last year following Vikings’ conclusion on Amazon Prime Video and History. One of his long-running co-stars, Gustaf Skarsgård, has penned a sweet message for Alexander’s now award-nominated performance. Gustaf congratulated Alexander for his recent Critics Choice Award nomination in his latest Instagram Story. The pair of actors worked together for over five years as Floki and Bjorn in the History Channel’s hit period drama, Vikings. Last year, Alexander returned to the small screen as Ace Spade in Heels, while Gustaf recently portrayed the wizard Merlin in Netflix’s fantasy series, Cursed. Alexander has now received his first Critics Choice nomination after starring opposite Arrow’s Stephen Amell as Jack Spade in the first season of Heels. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life In his IG Story, Gustaf wrote: “Congrats to my brother @AlexanderLudwig for the Critic’s Choice nomination!!!!” [sic] The Heels lead was nominated for Best Actor in an Action Series alongside a number of huge names from the past year of TV. Squid Game and Panic breakouts Lee Jung-jae and Mike Faist both joined the roster in the hotly coveted acting category. Plus, French star Omar Sy was recognised for last year’s surprise hit Lupin, with both Ralph Macchio and William Zabka rounding out the list for Cobra Kai. Not only was Alexander’s performance recognised by the awards, but Heels was also nominated for Best Action Series. Along with the debut outing for Starz’s new wrestling drama, 9-1-1, Kung Fu, Squid Game, Lupin and Cobra Kai also all received nominations. Alexander’s co-star Mary McCormack also got a Best Actress nod for her performance as the business partner of Ace’s brother Jack, Willie Day. The Vikings star also celebrated the news on his own Instagram page once he had heard word of his nomination. DON'T MISS:Succession’s Brian Cox swears on Loose Women [VIDEO]The Blacklist’s James Spader confirms season 10 return [LATEST]A Discovery of Witches star’s son helped develop character [INSIGHT] He captioned his latest post: “You can’t do this for the accolades [because] you’d drive yourself crazy but it means the world when it happens. “Unbelievably grateful to @criticschoice for recognizing my work in @heelsstarz. Thank you. “I’m so proud of this show and wouldn’t have been able to do what I do without the support of a tremendously talented cast including my partner in crime @stephenamell and a crew who was with me every step of the way, always putting in the work, and going the extra mile.” He went on to thank showrunner Mike O'Malley, director Peter Segal, the show’s producers and Heels’ creator Michael Waldron. “Counting my blessings,” Alexander added. “And most importantly thank you to everyone who has been watching this show. It’s the kind of show that made me want to become an actor in the first place.” He finally signed off by congratulating Mary, adding: “Huge congrats my girl @marycmccormack for her best Actress nod on the show!! And the entire cast and crew of @heelsstarz for the best action series nod!!" Heels has already been renewed for a follow-up season, so there could be many more trophies and nominations coming Alexander’s way in the coming years. Vikings seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. Heels is available to stream on StarzPlay.