Latest data from the RAC Foundation shows that the average price of petrol is 148.6p per litre, with diesel breaking the £1.52 mark. This comes less than a week after fuel prices broke records following global uncertainty with the price of oil reaching $100 (£73.56) per barrel. There are fears that petrol prices could continue to rise with ongoing uncertainty between Ukraine and Russia, as well as continuing global supply chain issues. Simon Williams, RAC fuel expert, warned that further price rises could be expected in the future. He said: “With oil producers struggling to up supply sufficiently to meet rising demand, along with ongoing uncertainty with Russia and Ukraine causing concern on the oil trading market, drivers are unfortunately in for even greater pain at the pumps in the coming weeks. “The price of petrol has already gone up nearly 3.5p a litre since the end of last year, adding almost £2 to a full tank. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique “Back in September 2014, petrol only cost 129p a litre, and diesel 133p, because the exchange rate was stronger at $1.6 to the pound which made wholesale fuel cheaper as it's traded in dollars. “Now with sterling worth just $1.35 and a new requirement to blend additional costly bio content into petrol and diesel, both fuels are now far more expensive.” Similarly, Paul Holland, Managing Director for UK Fuel at FLEETCOR, said the major tensions in Eastern Europe are causing constant volatility in the prices of fuel. He commented: “On February 16 it seemed that the conflict was winding down; by February 17, 7,000 more troops had been sent to the contested border. DON'T MISS Massive number plate changes to come into effect next month [INSIGHT] Elderly drivers slam new EU speed limiters just months before launch [COMMENT] Driver furious after being hit with ‘ridiculous’ parking fine [SHOCKING] “As the world’s second largest oil producer, pumping out 9.8 million barrels per day, anything that affects the Russian Federation will have significant impacts on the price of oil, and ultimately the price you’ll pay at the pump. “There are more factors that affect what you and your fleet pay for fuel than geopolitics: taxes on fuel increased by two pence per litre in January, and there have been concerns about retailers ‘profiteering’ from current events (though the truth is more complicated). “Like the global fuel market, we are watching events with great interest, but however the current situation resolves itself we will be working to support our customers.” A number of industry experts have called on retailers not to make the financial burden on motorists even worse by increasing their profit margins. This comes as some drivers were shocked to see what is believed to be the highest cost for petrol and diesel in the UK. At the Chelsea Cloisters Gulf Petrol Station in London, drivers on Monday were charged 198.9 per litre of petrol, while diesel customers faced a cost of 199.5p per litre. Luke Bosdet, AA’s fuel spokesperson, said: “As Storm Eunice bears down on the UK and motorists take cover, oil at $100 (£73.56) would guarantee that vehicle owners would be buffeted by high pump prices long after - except there is no shelter from those.” Despite this, drivers across the UK have been handed a lifeline to save money on petrol costs as prices continue to soar. Between February 17 and February 27, drivers at Morrisons supermarket will save 7p off every litre of fuel when they spend £40 in one of their 339 filling stations. Rachel Eyre, Chief Customer and Marketing Officer at Morrisons, praised the price cuts, saying it will help drivers out at a tough time. She said: "We know that the cost of living increases are really beginning to bite for everyone in the UK and we want to help our customers by saving them money on one of their biggest expenses. “With Covid restrictions now easing, customers are using their cars more often and we believe this offer will help them to spread their budgets further.”