Manchester United have received a boost ahead of their Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid, according to reports. Ralf Rangnick’s side go into the game knowing the tournament represents their last hope for silverware this term. And they’ll enter the contest on a high after recent victories over Leeds and Brighton. United have been unconvincing in the Champions League this season, under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick. But they were still able to make their way to the knockout stages of the tournament, largely down to Cristiano Ronaldo’s six goals. United are currently gearing up for Wednesday’s match with Atletico in Spain as they look to win a first Champions League title since 2008, back when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. And AS say Atletico have been hit with four injury scares ahead of the match. Diego Simeone’s side are already without Yannick Carrasco, who will miss both fixtures after being sent off in their match with Porto last time out. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, now, Thomas Lemar, Benjamin Lecomte, Daniel Wass and Matheus Cunha are all doubts for the game as they missed training over the weekend. Antoine Griezmann may feature, however, having only just returned from injury after being sidelined since the middle of December. Atletico will be no pushovers, especially given how they’ve made the final of the competition in 2014 and 2016 respectively. They were beaten by Real Madrid on both occasions, losing the 2014 final 4-1 and failing to win a penalty shootout in the other. Yet Atletico have endured a rough domestic campaign so far. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message They’ve lost four of their last seven matches across all competitions, though did beat Osasuna 3-0 on Saturday afternoon. And they’ll be looking to put their recent issues behind them when they take to the field at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. United, meanwhile, have been inconsistent under Rangnick. Yet there have been promising signs of late that they’ll be able to turn their campaign around. United beat Brighton 2-0 last week, with goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes giving them all three points. And they followed that up with a stirring 4-2 win over Leeds, with Fernandes, Harry Maguire, Fred and Anthony Elanga all on target. Rangnick spoke out after the match at Elland Road. And he hailed his side’s attitude, saying: “This is the kind of attitude we need to show if we are to be successful this season, both in the Premier League and Champions League. “Not only the result, but the way we achieved it. “It’s important for Wednesday, against Atletico Madrid, but also in the upcoming league games.” Rangnick also expressed a belief that his side’s win over Leeds was the best response to suggestions of dressing room conflict. "We knew that it was an important win today," he stated. "It was similar to the one against West Ham. That was similarly emotional at the end with the last-second goal. “But today it was more important, not only that we won the game but the way that we reacted after conceding the equaliser. "I think a game like this one today you can only win as a team and with the mentality of a team and this was, apart from the three points, the most important thing."