VPNs were once niche software you'd only find installed on a work laptop or the PC of a keen torrent user, but today, Virtual Private Networks are mainstream. That's because these apps are a brilliant way to keep your data safe when using public Wi-Fi networks, encrypting your web browsing habits, and most importantly of all, unlocking a wealth of TV shows, blockbuster movies, and sports fixtures to stream or download from across the globe. If you're looking for the best VPN to use with streaming services, look no further than ExpressVPN. This Virtual Private Network has a dedicated team that works around the clock to ensure its servers work seamlessly with Netflix, something that isn't always the case with the popular streaming service. If you sign-up for a longer subscription plan, you can unlock some great discounts. And thanks to the 30-day money-back guarantee, there's no risk to picking one of these lengthier contracts. Streaming services, like Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+, offer different catalogues of shows and films in each country. Aside from booking a dizzying number of flights, a VPN is the only way to access all of this content with your monthly subscription. There are other streaming services, like HBO Max and Paramount+, which aren't available in the UK yet, which a good VPN can unlock for you. When travelling abroad, a VPN can grant you the ability to access streaming services as if you were sitting on the sofa at home. While BBC iPlayer is available to watch on a number of devices in the UK, if you forgot to download offline versions of your favourite show or movie before travelling, you'll be locked out of the app. But with so many VPNs on the market, it can be daunting to find the best option for your needs. Find the best deals for our favourite VPNs for streaming below. If you need a little more information about how Virtual Private Networks work, why you might want to install on your Amazon Fire TV Stick before you start streaming, and more, keep scrolling... In a nutshell, a Virtual Private Network (VPN) is an application that creates a secure, encrypted tunnel whenever you head online. If you're connected to a busy public Wi-Fi network, like those found in popular coffee shop chains and airports, the VPN will shield around your online activity – preventing bad actors from intercepting your data. Back at home, it will stop your Internet Service Provider (ISP) from keeping tabs on your online activity, similar to a supercharged version of the Incognito Mode built into Google Chrome. You might also want to rely on a VPN to keep your internet history from prying eyes in the Government too, with these apps particularly crucial to whistleblowers and sources helping journalists uncover wrongdoing, for example. In some countries, like Turkey or China, a number of the globe's biggest internet services have been banned due to tough censorship laws. If you're visiting and need access to the likes of Twitter or Google to continue working, you'll need access to a VPN. But while encryption is an essential aspect of a Virtual Private Network (and the reason that your workplace likely requires you to turn on a VPN before working remotely), it is the ability to manually alter your IP addresses that makes these apps infinitely more exciting. And perfect for video streaming. For those who don't know, an IP address is assigned to your device whenever you connect to the internet and contains information about your current location. It's the reason you're able to see your address on Google Maps or the way that retailers enable features like Find Your Nearest Store on their sites. What's the point of changing your current location, you might ask? Well, some of the biggest streaming services place geographic restrictions on their content, usually due to different licensing agreements in each country. For example, while Tina Fey's seminal sit-com 30 Rock is available to watch in its entirety on Netflix in the United States, the show is only available via Sky Comedy (either via Sky Q, Sky Glass, NOW TV, Virgin Media or BT TV) in the UK due to different agreements between the broadcasters. Using a VPN to manually tweak your IP address, you can make it appear as if you're on holiday in the United States for the evening. Just like when you're visiting on holiday, your existing UK login credentials will work on all of the Netflix apps, but the catalogue of shows, documentaries, and movies will be completely different. And it's not just for Netflix either. VPNs can be used to unlock a bevy of shows and films across a wide range of streaming services, unlock sporting events that aren't broadcast in your current location, and subscribe to new services that haven't yet launched where you're based. Likewise, if you're away on holiday and some of the online services that you subscribe to aren't yet available in the country you're staying in – a VPN can help. For example, following the UK's departure from the European Union, Sky Go no longer works for UK subscribers on the continent. If you're abroad for a few weeks, you won't be able to watch live broadcasts from terrestrial channels in the UK, or download on-demand boxsets ready for the journey back home. There's also a slew of streaming services, like Paramount+ and HBO Max, that aren't currently available in the UK. A number of sports fixtures, including Premier League matches, aren't available to watch online – no matter how much you're willing to pay. As such, the only option to access this content is to appear as if you're outside of the UK with a VPN. There's no difference between using a VPN to stream and anything else you might do online. First up, you'll need to make sure that you've downloaded the correct app from your Virtual Private Network onto the device you're planning to use. This could include desktop software, or an add-on for your web browser, such as Google Chrome or Firefox. If there isn't a dedicated app for the device you're planning to use (some streaming dongles, like Chromecast with Google TV and Roku, don't offer the ability to install a VPN onto the device itself), then you might need to download and install software from your VPN onto your Wi-Fi router, so that every device connected to your Wi-Fi network is automatically covered by the VPN. If that sounds a little too technical, it might be worth switching to another device. Once you've got the application up and running, you'll want to enable the VPN (if it's not enabled by default each time that your device connects to the internet) and then navigate to the streaming service you'd like to watch. If you're looking to unblock content from a specific country (or use a streaming service only available in select countries worldwide), you'll need to handpick a server from the list of available options from your VPN. You might need to refresh the streaming service – closing the app on your iPhone or Android, for example – so that it acknowledges that it has, erm, travelled abroad. MORE LIKE THISBest VPN Service You Can Buy Right Now Looking for the best VPN for streaming? Look no further than ExpressVPN. This critically-acclaimed provider ranked highly in our list of best VPNs, but when it comes to streaming, it manages to edge out the competition. That's because ExpressVPN has a dedicated team that ensures its servers across the globe work seamlessly with Netflix, even as the US streaming service has ramped-up efforts to block people abroad tapping into the vast library of shows and movies available to Netflix subscribers in the United States. ExpressVPN – The Ultimate VPN For Streaming Video If you're hoping to unlock new boxsets, sports and movies with your new VPN, look no further than ExpressVPN. This blockbuster VPN service only has a minimum impact on download speeds, so you shouldn't have to suffer through endless loading times before getting stuck into a new binge-able series from Netflix US, for example. After all, if you're using a server that's halfway around the globe, it will take longer for your data to be beamed across the planet. That's something that ExpressVPN minimises as much as possible, something you won't find with some more affordable rivals. But what really pushes this provider above its rivals is the fact that ExpressVPN works incredibly hard to ensure that it has a steady stream of new servers coming online to escape Netflix's recent crackdown on VPNs. While some providers struggle to unlock the full catalogue available in the United States, ExpressVPN never runs into an issue. It also cuts out the hassle that you might have with some VPN providers that don't specifically go out of their way to bring online new servers that work with Netflix – switching between a number of locations within the country to find one that works. ExpressVPN makes it an impossibly simple tap-and-go. If you're only planning to use your VPN to boost your streaming habits at home, this is why you need ExpressVPN in your arsenal. If you've got a truckload of gadgets, the 5 device limit might put you off ExpressVPN. However, the company does offer dedicated apps to install on your router – encrypting every device that you own each time they connect to your home Wi-Fi network. ExpressVPN pledges to never collect identifying information about its customers, including IP address, online activity, traffic destination, or even the length of each session. For those who want a VPN for privacy benefits, this is immensely reassuring. ExpressVPN is based in the British Virgin Islands, which has no data retention laws. So the company isn't legally obliged to keep tabs on the browsing habits of its customers. ExpressVPN accepts a number of payment methods, including Mastercard, VISA, American Express, and Discover. Paypal and Bitcoin are also options to subscribe to the VPN. Unfortunately, unlike NordVPN, there's no support for Google Pay or Apple Pay for a one-tap checkout on your smartphone or tablet. However, if you don't want to pay for a longer membership (you can unlock bigger discounts when you sign-up for a one-year membership, for example) upfront, ExpressVPN has added support for Klarna – so you can break up the payment into smaller instalments. If you're not too confident about using a VPN, NordVPN is a great entry point. The company has one of the most beautifully and intuitively designed apps on the market. Available on both iOS and Android – as well as a host of other devices, including Amazon's popular Fire TV Stick range, Wi-Fi routers, Chromebooks, and tablets, to name just a few – the app makes it ludicrously easy for newcomers to get connected. That, coupled with its cheaper monthly cost than ExpressVPN, is the reason that we named NordVPN as the best VPN provider money can buy right now. However, ExpressVPN's laser-guided focus on ensuring that all of its servers are compatible with Netflix streaming does give it a slight edge when it comes to a VPN dedicated to streaming. NordVPN is still great when it comes to switching to locations around the globe. Loading up the app, your frequently-used countries will be listed at the top – making it easy to jump back into your favourite series on US Netflix, for example. NordVPN doesn't offer connections in quite as many countries worldwide as ExpressVPN (60 versus 94), so those who want to appear in more exotic locations might want to look elsewhere. It also means you're not going to be able to watch content from as many countries as ExpressVPN, which is a bit of a shame. With a choice of more than 5,000 servers available globally, even if you stumble across a server that has been blocked in Netflix's ongoing crackdown on VPNs, you should easily be able to find a replacement with a quick tap or two. It also means you should be able to find a solid connection to a server that isn't too congested – even at peak times. Like ExpressVPN, NordVPN had minimal impact on our download speeds during our testing, making it a great option for those looking to leverage their VPN to stream, rather than buying primarily to encrypt their data online. NordVPN offers some incredible deals, especially if you sign up to its one-year or two-year plans – with prices plummeting as low as £2.59 a month. NordVPN accepts all major credit card providers, including Mastercard, VISA, AMEX, and Discovery. It also lets you pay with PayPal, Amazon Pay, Apple Pay and Google Pay. These options should let you breeze through the checkout process. You can also pay for NordVPN with the most popular cryptocurrencies, like Bitcoin and Ethereum. ProtonVPN offers a free subscription tier to its service, which makes it a great option for anyone who wants to dip their toe in the water. Better yet, the VPN doesn't impose any limits on the amount of data that you can use when connected ...this is a pretty common ploy used by many free VPN providers to push you onto one of their paid plans after a short trial period. But that's not the case with ProtonVPN Free, which makes it a great option when streaming video online, which uses a lot more data than reading text, or even searching for images. Aside from online gaming and video calls, streaming high-resolution video is one of data-hungry activities you can do online. As you'd expect from a free VPN service, there are some limits imposed on the service. First off, there are only three locations around the world available: the United States, Japan and Netherlands. So, if you're abroad and want to spoof your location back in the UK to access services not available outside of the country, you're out of luck with ProtonVPN Free. There are apps on both iOS and Android, Windows and Mac, which is nice. But the biggest drawback with opting for ProtonVPN Free is that your online traffic is de-prioritised compared to the provider's paying customers. So, at peak times, you can expect to see your download speeds dwindle as ProtonVPN ensures its paying customers enjoy a buffer-free experience. That's understandable, after all, this won't be costing you anything, but if you're specifically looking to install a VPN to enable streaming from around the world... it's not ideal. Like the two providers above, ProtonVPN has strict data protection policies and won't log any information about your online activity or visits. Nice! ProtonVPN offers a number of payment options, including all major credit cards and Bitcoin. There's also support for PayPal, which should make the checkout process faster and painless for those who already have an account with a credit card saved in their wallet. Unlike any of its competitors on this list, ProtonVPN also supports cash payments. Unfortunately, there isn't too much information about how this works. The Virtual Private Networks says subscribers will already need an account, then email contact@protonvpn.com to arrange payment for your subscription plan with cash. Quite how that works isn't clarified in the company's FAQ, and it's not something we've yet attempted. However, if you're desperate to pay with notes for your VPN, then ProtonVPN should be your first port of call. Using a VPN to alter your IP address to unlock different content from around the world can be incredibly tempting.. but is it legal? The good news is – yes. There's nothing illegal about manually tweaking your IP address to appear in a different location on the planet and using the web as if you were really there. However, it's worth noting that while it isn't against the law, it might contravene individual streaming services' terms and conditions. For example, using a VPN to access the Netflix catalogue from different countries is against the company’s terms of use. As such, the company reserves the right to terminate your contract when using a VPN. So far, Netflix has purportedly never taken this step with any of its subscribers. In discussions with shareholders, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has said that VPN users are an "inconsequential" problem for the streaming service, suggesting that not a lot of time is devoted to these users. Netflix has cracked down on servers that enable users to connect to the US catalogue of shows and movies, for example. However, it has seemingly never targeted individuals. In its terms of service for iPlayer, BBC states that "accessing content from outside the UK that you aren’t allowed to, or helping others do the same" is against its rules. If you break this rule (or any of the others listed on its help pages) the Beeb "can suspend or terminate your use of services and your account". READ NEXTBest Sky TV Deals Available Today If you're looking to stream content from Netflix using a VPN, look no further than ExpressVPN. This critically-acclaimed Virtual Private Network employs a team to constantly refresh its available servers to ensure that none are blocked from streaming on Netflix. In recent months, the hugely-popular streaming service has started to block some VPN servers from accessing its content. As such, some VPNs struggle to work with Netflix – with users forced to constantly refresh their connection, manually trawl through a list of servers, and more. That's a big headache when you want to binge your favourite boxset after a long day at work. That's where ExpressVPN truly excels. It might not be the cheapest VPN on the market, but for those who want fast streaming speeds, a flawless connection to Netflix every time, and apps for every device (iPhone, iPad, Android, Mac, Windows, Fire TV Stick) in their home ...ExpressVPN is a brilliant choice. There's also a 30-day money-back guarantee, so you can test out the streaming service safe in the knowledge that you'll be able to get a refund if anything goes awry. Of course, it's worth checking the terms of service of any subscription service that you want to use with a VPN, including Netflix. That depends where you live. In most countries around the world, using a Virtual Private Network is completely fine. In fact, most companies actively encourage employees to use a VPN to ensure that sensitive internal data is shielded from outside eyes, or to access internal software or systems. It's likely the reason you've been provided with a work laptop when working at home, or the IT department has warned you against signing-up to a Wi-Fi network in the nearest Starbucks or airport lounge without switching on the company VPN first! But there are some countries where VPNs are outright illegal. China, Iran, Russia, Turkey, and the UAE all heavily restrict the use of VPNs. China is known for its tough restrictions on the internet in its country – banning the likes of Google and WhatsApp from operating within its borders. Since VPNs would allow citizens to access these services on their home Wi-Fi networks, it makes sense that China isn't too happy about this software becoming widely-used. Some nations, including Belarus, Iraq, North Korea, Oman, and Turkmenistan, have passed specific laws that ban the use of VPNs entirely. So, if you live in any of the countries listed above, you might want to avoid signing-up for one of these services. VPNs can unlock a wealth of content from across the globe. Just like when you travel abroad, your existing login for Netflix, Prime Video, and Disney+ will work as expected ...but you'll be greeted with a brand-new catalogue of boxsets and films. For the same monthly fee, you can watch more shows and movies than if you stick in the same location. And if you want to access streaming services that would otherwise be unavailable to you, then this is only possible with a relocation to another country or a VPN subscription. Of course, you'll need to check the small-print in the terms and conditions of the streaming service you're thinking of using with your VPN to check whether it's all above board. But if you're struggling to find new shows and films to watch on the catalogues available to you with your current subscriptions, a VPN could be a great way to bring new choices without paying a penny more. It can be tough to find the Best VPN on the market, so we've done the hard graft for you. We've tested some of the biggest VPN services on the planet right now to come up with a definitive list of the Best VPN around today. You can read our Best VPN Guide to find which provider best suits your needs, if you're looking to do a little more than stream video. Alternatively, you can find the best VPN for Amazon Fire TV Stick.