Mate Pavic is clearly not over his doubles defeat to Nick Kyrgios after branding him a 'clown' in an extraordinary rant. The Croatian pairing of Pavin and Nikola Mektic arrived in Melbourne for the Australian Open last month as the No 1 seeds for the tournament, having won the Wimbledon title together in 2021. However, in the second round they came up against the home duo of Kyrgios and Thanasi Kokkinakis, and in front of a raucous crowd at the Kia Arena, it was the Australian pair who prevailed 7-6 6-3. Pavic and Mektic were clearly rattled by the vociferous backing for their opponents, and in an angry confrontation afterwards, Kyrgios alleged that the coach of the beaten duo offered to fight him. The fairytale continued for 'The Special K's', who went all the way to the final where they beat fellow countrymen Matthew Ebden and Max Purcell 7-5 6-4. It meant a first Slam title for Kyrgios, 26, who prior to this year had never even reached the last 16 in a major doubles event. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic outlines calendar plans and fires warning to Dubai rival But the ill-feeling from the second-round match is clearly still prominent, with Pavic scathing in his latest assessment of the divisive star - despite his success seemingly attracting a new audience to the doubles competition. "The fans were not fair. If is difficult to play in these conditions against Kokkinakis and especially Kyrgios, who is, to be politically correct, a clown and an idiot," he said. "He gets away with a lot and he doesn't respect his opponents. On the one hand we have a player like Monfils, who is a showman, who respects his opponents and is interesting for the fans; and Kyrgios [who] is full of disrespect and an ordinary clown. "But obviously he has his fans who come to watch him." DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic issues verdict on losing world No 1 status with Daniil Medvedev closing inNovak Djokovic opponent idolises Roger Federer and shared message taunting world No 1Emma Raducanu handed brutal Guadalajara draw as Brit set to return to action  It wasn't just in the doubles event where Kyrgios entertained, serving underarm and swilling beer with fans court-side during his first round win over Britain's Liam Broady. He then bowed out to eventual runner-up Daniil Medvedev, and Pavic did concede that Kyrgios could be considered box office. "However Kyrgios is, he has done something good for doubles. He showed that people come to watch him, no matter whether he plays singles or doubles. "He showed that by playing doubles you can fill a stadium." Pavic, 28, did win the Australian Open in the two-man format in 2018 with John Peers, and also won the 2020 US Open with Bruno Soares. He was also part of the Croatia side that win the 2018 Davis Cup. However, he's undoubtedly added some extra spice to any future clash with Kyrgios, who is yet to respond to the comments.