During the 2021 edition of Strictly Come Dancing Christmas Special, it was Anne-Marie and partner Graziano Di Prima who took home the Glitterball Trophy. The Repair Shop star Jay Blades put on a spectacular performance whilst competing on the show as he was paired with Luba Mushtuk and performed an Only Fools and Horses inspired jive. However, Jay has recently hinted at his return to the show and told fans to "watch this space". Speaking to Metro.co.uk at the premiere of Peaky Blinders, he said: "Strictly was good. But it was really, really hard work. I mean, unbelievably hard." When asked if he would consider going to back to do the full series in autumn, he simply teased: "Watch this space." Touching on the response he got from fans, he said: "The feedback was so amazing, it just put me in a little shell, and I got a little bit overwhelmed. "I’m shocked at how many people liked it, it was unbelievable!" READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap If he did return for the full series, he wouldn't be the first contestant to do so, as Maisie Smith previously competed in the Children in Need special before making it to the final in 2020. After his jive, Jay scored an impressive 34 out of a possible 40 from the judges, with them all giving positive feedback. Motsi Mabuse said: "Well, usually when people dance Jive they look really anxious and they are quite stressed. "But Jay, Jay was like, 'You watch me do this' that was fun, you were calm, cool and collected there was a swag about doing it and totally easy and smooth well done." Head judge Shirley Ballas commented: "That was a real treat from a cheeky chappy, but can I just say to everybody at home do not try that leapfrog after a few sherries. "It is actually a difficult move lovely timing, you kept it all together, and you looked like you had an absolute Christmas ball well done." Anton Du Beke exclaimed: "One Christmas cracker spectacular to another absolute beauty, I thought you Jive was terrific, I really enjoyed the kicks and flicks, what more do you want?" With Craig Revel Horwood finally adding: "Luba, I am absolutely loving Rodney's transformation darling. DON'T MISS...Jay Blades left 'broken' as he addresses marriage split [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades emotional over guest's admission  [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades on why ex-wife banned him going shopping [WATCH] "I really liked it I think you have fantastic energy out there, I think you were very compact, some nice kicks, a little bit flat-footed all the way through. "There has to be one boo on Christmas Day, but I loved it I think you did really, really well." When it was first announced Jay would be joining the show for Christmas, he said in a statement: "I’m super excited, times two! "One, because I’m going to learn a new dance apart from the ‘Dad’ dance, and two because I’m going to be on Strictly! "It’s a show that I’ve always admired, and I can’t wait to see how I perform." Recently the Strictly Come Dancing professional team lost one of their members as Oti Mabuse announced she would be leaving the show after seven years. In a statement she made on her Instagram and Twitter account, she said: "I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing, for the past seven years, and it has been an incredible time. “Lifting the Glitterball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and professional dancers! You are my family, and I adore you all forever. “I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!" Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year