David Beckham's Inter Miami will push to sign Lionel Messi as early as this summer, should he seek a Paris Saint-Germain exit at the end of the season. The MLS franchise have revealed they will even look to use Beckham's relationship with the Argentine superstar to their advantage. Messi only joined the French giants last summer on a two-year contract with an option to extend after sensationally seeing his 17-year association with Barcelona brought to an end. However, the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner has struggled to reproduce his best form since moving to the French capital, only scoring seven goals in 23 appearances this season. Having endured a testing time since joining the Ligue 1 outfit, speculation has been rife surrounding his future and, it is believed the 34-year-old could already look to be on the move again. According to Goal, Messi could well be heading to the United States for the next chapter of his illustrious career as Beckham's Inter Miami are planning to do all they can to secure his services. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  Discussing the prospect of the iconic No. 10 turning out for MLS side, Inter Miami co-owner Jorge Vas made no secret of his desire add the star name of Messi to the club's roster. "Leo Messi is still one of the best players in the world, his skills have not diminished," Vas admitted. "I think, and David has a relationship with him, if he does leave PSG, at the time he leaves it, we'd love to see Lionel Messi be a player at Inter Miami and be part of our community. "Can it happen? Look, we'll push. I'm an optimist at heart. Could I see that happening? It's a possibility." DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens  While Vas was clearly hopeful of seeing Messi in the striking pink colours of Inter Miami, Beckham himself played down the possibility of the signing happening. "I've always said I want the best players in our club and playing in our shirt because there's a certain expectation. "Unfortunately, sometimes it can be a bad thing. But most of the time it's a good thing. "When I first started this project, people were saying 'This guy is coming, that guy is coming, [Cristiano] Ronaldo is coming, Messi's coming.' At the end of the day, we need to win, whether it's with the young kids or stars.  "Our fans will be happy if we have stars on the team, but they'll be even happier if they're seeing young players coming through our academy and lifting the MLS Cup." A move to Miami doesn't appear out of the question for Messi however, given his previous claims regarding a move to America. The PSG forward recently insisted: "I always have had the illusion of being able to enjoy and live the experience of living in the United States, of finding out how that league is, what life is like there. "I would like to later in my career but if it happens or not, I don't know." 