Toto Wolf has opened up on Mario Andretti’s son’s plans for a new F1 team. The former McLaren man is bidding to add an 11th team to the championship and hopes to make his way back into the sport after his Sauber buyout bid failed last year.  Michael Andretti is looking to introduce Andretti Global into the championship, however his attempts so far look to have been unsuccessful with F1 bosses. This came after his father Mario - the 1978 F1 champion - revealed that his son had expressed his interest after giving an update on Twitter. He wrote: “Michael has applied to the FIA to field a new F1 team starting in 2024. “His entry, Andretti Global, has the resources and checks every box. “He is awaiting the FIA's determination.” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton hits back at Mercedes question - 'Why would I feel like that?  Wolff weighed in on the news and acknowledged Andretti would add more value to the sport. However, he also stressed he would need to meet the criteria set by F1 and the FIA from a financial standpoint among others. "Andretti is a name, that's for sure," said Wolff. "And the American market is important. But every team that is joining needs to be accretive, that means needs to add value. "And it's not only it's not only by paying $200 million entry fee, but it needs to demonstrate in my opinion what it can do for the other teams, for F1 and FIA. Only then the sport will grow. DON'T MISS  "We are the absolute pinnacle, this is the Champions League, or the NFL, and redistributing franchises is not the goal, that's not how it should be, and it's not the intention of F1 and the FIA neither. "But if there is a real brand coming in with good people, necessary funding, not only the 200 million but probably you need more like a billion if you want to play in this club straight from the get go. And then why not?" Mario Andretti, 81, is one of the most successful motorsport drivers ever, having won races in F1, IndyCar, the World Sportscar Championship and NASCAR. In 1978 he won the F1 world title with Lotus and also raced for the likes of Williams and Ferrari.  His son Michael, 59, raced 13 times for McLaren in 1993 and currently assists with the running of Walkinshaw Andretti United which competes in the Australian Supercars Championship. He has also overseen Andretti Autosport winning four IndyCar titles. The FIA responded to the Andretti's plans, but gave little away in their released statement. They said: "The FIA is not currently in a position to consider or comment on any expressions of interest or applications received from potential new entrant teams in respect to the FIA Formula One world championship."