The Moon is the star of the show today, with not very many other big aspects and transits occurring. Don’t take quietness as a bad thing though, as today you will be focussed on Scorpio themes with few distractions. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for February 22. The Moon spends the day in Scorpio and we’re braver about facing emotional issues head-on. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re more observant, strategic, passionate, and intense, and we gravitate to activities that engage our emotions.” In short, intensity is what the Moon in Scorpio is all about. Whether it’s passion, elation, sorrow, or desire… emotions are felt on a deeply personal level.  READ MORE- The best days for romantic beginnings - 'mark in your diary’ So, how do we behave during a Scorpio Moon, and what should we do? Cafe Astrology explained: “We are motivated by the desire to get to the bottom of things, and we instinctively read between the lines. “Superficiality won’t work for us now. The Moon in Scorpio urges us to uncover our own power, and it’s an excellent time to rid ourselves of old fears and limiting habits. “It can be an intimate and passionate time. Avoid manipulative tactics, brooding, and suspiciousness.”  The Moon in Scorpio generally favours the following activities: DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: One 'frustrating' sign 'in it for the long haul' [INFORMER]Pisces dates: What to expect from Pisces season [INSIGHT]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] There are two useful aspects happening today, but they may feel a little intense at the time. Cafe Astrology said: “With Neptune sextile Vesta today, we’re willing to put in the effort to realise our dreams or wishes. “There is good energy for devoting ourselves to a cause or pet project.” On top of that, we have a Mars-Pluto parallel aspect coming into play. The site added: “We tend to find a focus and throw ourselves into it with this transit. “We can also want to control situations, and we might lose some objectivity in the process.”  Today may feel a little stressful or like hard work, but we have a really magical day approaching tomorrow. As Astrology.com pointed out, tomorrow we have Mars in Capricorn sextiling Neptune in Pisces. The site said: “The mystical sextile can be highly imaginative as Neptune casts a fog over Mars. “Sexual fantasies, hasty actions, and misdirected anger will take precedence throughout this transit. “Be sure to channel any feelings of aggression or anger appropriately. Harness the sexual energy until consent is clearly given. “Whatever you do, make sure you have an honest perception of the potential consequences!”  Romance is going to be the focus for the rest of the week, so use today to consider what it is you want deep down. Astrology King said: “With Mars sextile Neptune, your mystic allure will attract people more in tune with your level of spiritual development and you may even find your soulmate. “You will be sensitive to the desires of others and will enjoy being of service to them. “This can result in acts of charity to a sensual massage.” 