Lorraine Kelly dedicated Monday's ITV episode to Phillip Schofield as he celebrated 40 years in the TV business. During the show, tributes were paid to the This Morning host to mark the occasion and saw video messages from his former colleague Fern Britton and pal Miriam Margoyles. Holly Willoughby also made a brief appearance on the sofa to congratulate her co-star and to share fond memories of Phillip. Towards the end of Lorraine, Phillip spoke with his wife Steph and eldest daughter Molly. During the chat, the host asked Phillip what his family mean to him. Turning to Phillip's wife, Lorraine said: "Steph, you two have got this brilliant relationship, what do you think is the key to Phillip's success? "40 years on the telly, you have been there, you know." "I don't have a clue," Steph joked before she continued: "I think your previous guests have hit the nail on the head." READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? "He is genuinely interested in people," Steph explained. "And genuinely interested in...you know he is always reading the news. He's good fun." Discussing what it was like for her to grow up watching her dad on TV, Molly recalled: "I have always been so proud of him but I remember going on a school trip to see him in Dr Dolittle. "And all my friends wanting to go and find him for an autograph and I can remember queuing up myself. "I just wanted to as well, I felt so left out." "Phillip, you've got a cracking family. Hard question to ask," Lorraine admitted. "What does Steph and what do the girls mean to you?" "Oh, everything," he replied. "Absolutely everything. "We have obviously, clearly had changes in our lives. I have said, it's always us four but slightly different. "But I was with Steph and Ruby during the big storm on Friday and I am still struggling to see how you've got Wi-Fi." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville to hand in resignation to follow Florence? [VIDEO] Explaining further, the host said: "The Wi-Fi went off, the power went off, the trees came down and we were all together for that. "So, that's essential and Steph has been the most incredible foundation and support and rock throughout my whole career. "My girls I couldn't be more proud of and so we are a fam and it works." In February 2020, Phillip emotionally came out as gay live on This Morning. The dad-of-two appeared alongside Holly for support as he discussed the impact it had on his family. Speaking at the time, Phillip said: “This is something that has caused many heart-breaking conversations at home. “I have been married to Steph for nearly 27 years, and we have two beautiful grown-up daughters, Molly and Ruby. “My family have held me so close: they have tried to cheer me up, to smother me with kindness and love, despite their own confusion." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.