Chelsea are risking repeating a serial Marina Granovskaia transfer mistake as ‘loan talks’ get underway around a sensational return for Eden Hazard. The Belgian departed Stamford Bridge for Real Madrid in 2019 for a fee that could reach as high as £122million. But his time at the Bernabeu has been little short of a disaster, with injuries hampering his progress with the La Liga giants. He has made just 65 appearances across his three seasons with Los Blancos, scoring only six goals in all competitions in that time. In fact, it took Hazard until January’s Copa del Rey clash with Elche to score his first goal of this term, with that remaining his only strike so far this campaign. His struggles have seen him pushed to the bench, with the likes of Vinicius Jr taking his place, with Hazard making just nine starts in all competitions. The Belgian’s future at the Bernabeu looks increasingly uncertain, with former club Chelsea now reportedly lining up a move. JUST IN: Chelsea stars 'confounded' by Tuchel's tactics with three players According to Radio Marca, the Blues have entered discussions with Madrid over a loan deal for Hazard. Chelsea are said to be keen to bring him back on a season-long loan in the upcoming summer transfer window, with no option to buy. Los Blancos boss Carlo Ancelotti has frequently insisted that Hazard does have a future at the club, though he will have just two years left on his contract come the end of the season. With Hazard struggling for game-time, a move to Chelsea could help Madrid to put him in the shop window. DON'T MISS: Chelsea shown next priority as 'outstanding' star continues to impress (INSIGHT)Chelsea's Azpilicueta makes Lukaku demand ahead of Liverpool clash (NEWS)Jamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter' (ANALYSIS) But while such a loan move looks like a win for Los Blancos, it could end up being the latest in a line of mistakes committed by Blues transfer boss Granovskaia. She has a history of bringing in players on loan who turn out to be huge flops and Hazard would likely go down the same path. The injuries he has sustained over his time at Madrid means that he is far from the player he was when he departed Chelsea. That would likely see him follow in the footsteps of Gonzalo Higuain, Radamel Falcao and Saul Niguez. All three have joined Chelsea on loan within Granovskaia’s time at the club and all three have been a disappointment. Falcao and Higuain barely had an impact at Stamford Bridge, with the Colombian scoring just once in his loan from Monaco and the latter hitting five after joining from Juventus. Their dreadful loan moves should present a warning to Chelsea against firming up their interest in Hazard. If Granovskaia continues to push for his return in the summer window then she will likely be repeating a major mistake.