Baking soda is a very simple and effective cleaning solution that can be used to remove minor odours and stains. Mattresses are something we use everyday, however, not many people take the time to clean them. Baking soda is actually a great way to remove stains from mattresses without ruining the mattress. Popularised by cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, the hack is now known across social media. But now, cleaning expert Nick Drewe, a trends and money expert from WeThrift, has shared his “easy trick” homeowners can use to remove stains from mattresses which includes baking soda and vinegar. He told express.co.uk that homeowners need to sprinkle baking soda on the mattress along with vinegar to remove stains. Nick explained: “Getting a stain out of a mattress is easy with this trick. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda “Using white vinegar and a sprinkle of baking soda on a stain can help to clean your mattress. “Leave the vinegar and baking soda on the stain for one to two hours covered with a towel. “Vacuum up any residue and your mattress should be stain free and as good as new!” The longer the baking soda is left, the more it absorbs moisture and odours. DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [UPDATE]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [ANALYSIS] Baking soda is also known as bicarbonate of soda and is often used in baking. It dissolves organic compounds such as grease and dirt. When baking soda is mixed with an acid like vinegar or lemon juice, the acid breaks down the powder so it fizzles and releases carbon dioxide gas. The carbon dioxide is what helps to lift dirt from surfaces. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s not dangerous to mix the two together but it may not be a good idea to seal the two together in a container as the lid could pop off. It’s best to keep the ratio to one part baking soda to two parts vinegar. Some experts have suggested that baking soda can help get rid of bed bugs. However, others suggest there is no scientific evidence to suggest baking soda works to oust bed bugs.  Baking soda actually breaks down when it is in contact with water so it’s unlikely it can absorb the fluids on bed bugs. Baking soda can also be used to clean carpets. It freshens up both the appearance and smell of carpets without causing damage like chemicals. Some things baking soda should not be used on include marble surfaces, antique silver, aluminium cookware and gold-plated pieces.