Julia Bradbury, 51, has logged into Instagram again today after taking a brief break from the social media platform to concentrate on her family life. The Countryfile star, who was diagnosed with breast cancer at the end of 2021, shared the announcement alongside a video of the common areas women miss when they are looking for signs of breast cancer. Earlier today, Julia uploaded a picture of herself enjoying the sunshine as she looked into the horizon. Alongside the picture, the presenter shared a reflection on meditation and its benefits. She penned: “Meditation has been practiced for thousands of years. “Originally a more spiritual practice to help deepen the understanding of the sacred and mystical forces of life, meditation is now commonly used for relaxation and stress reduction. “Meditation can give you a sense of calm, peace and balance that can help emotionally and impact your overall health & well-being. “These benefits continue throughout the day... A bit like the longer- term benefits of spending time in green spaces.” The TV star concluded: “Our overall health is so much more than just physical/how we look. “The brain, gut, mental and physical health are all linked - what we eat, how we move, what we think, our environment...all play a significant role in our health. “Happy Monday everyone. Be well.” Julia’s posts attracted a barrage of comments from fans backing up her views on the spiritual practice. Runnermarky said: “Namaste! “Did my Headspace meditation this morning to counteract Monday blues. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson and James May ‘sick to death of each other' [INSIGHT]‘So silly!’ Richard Madeley shuts down Meghan and Harry fans [TV]Marvel's Evangeline Lilly calls out Justin Trudeau over protests [LATEST] “Hope you had a lovely weekend. Have a fab week.” Mayabeautyclinicuk added: “Meditation and breathe work have appeared in very area of study I have down for personal growth and wellness. “We can not under estimate the value to being present and breathing (sic).” Sue.j.reeves typed: “I am having a bad 'head space' day today... “Maybe meditation could be the light at the end of my tunnel?….” Later in the day, Julia took to her Instagram Story to share another reflection with her 203,000 followers. She uploaded a picture of a golden mirror with an inspirational quote about hope written over it. The quote read: “One day you’re going to live the life you’ve always wanted and in that moment you’ll understand why certain things never worked out in the past (don’t lose hope until you find that moment).”