Last weekend, Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly gave fans a surprise when they joined Drag Race winners The Vivienne, Lawrence Chaney and Krystal Versace for a special performance at the end of Saturday Night Takeaway. The duo dressed up as drag queens for the night and came out on stage as Lady Antoinette (Ant) & Miss Donna Lee (Dec). However, the ITV presenter's performance sparked 71 Ofcom complaints from angry viewers. At the beginning of Saturday night's instalment, Ant and Dec decided to mock the complaints at the beginning of the show. Guest announcer Adam Lambert also made a reference to the complaints. "But first, some people call him Lady Antoinette, that's Ant McPartlin," Adam began as Ant walked down to the stage. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? He continued: "And his friends call him Miss Donna Lee, that's Declan Donnelly. "And this is Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway." As the audience cheered for the presenters, Ant said: "Hello and welcome to Saturday Night Takeaway. "The only show on telly that says, don't just watch the adverts, win them." "Yes, now I know you're all thinking," Dec chipped in. "We've come to see Lady Antoinette and Miss Donna Lee." "Where are they? Who are these clowns? Get off," he joked. "I know what you're thinking." Ant added: "Give us a chance, we will give it our best shot, okay?" Viewers also noticed that the comedy duo had addressed last weeks' backlash. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street newcomer Stu Carpenter linked to Charlie Stubbs? [SPOILERS]Vera star speaks out on leaving Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun’s Leah recalls breaking down during search [VIDEO] Taking to Twitter, Anna penned: "They referred last week’s show yes! @antanddec." (sic) While Paul added: "Yes they’re referencing last weeks end of the show show." (sic) Elsewhere in the show, Ant and Dec left viewers in hysterics during their undercover segment. The pair took over the security at the O2 arena where they pulled pranks on members of the public.   Commenting on the segment, Isobel tweeted: "Ant and Dec must have abs of steel after all the laughing during the undercover Takeaway #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Alex joked: "This security camera skit is literally the best part of tonight's show." While Gem praised: "What a segment “Takeaway Security System” is the best one yet!" "Lol the fact that the public actually fall for this set-up with the security is amazing," Leighanne laughed. (sic) Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs on Saturday at 7pm on ITV. 