New footage has been released from the upcoming season four of Killing Eve, and signs point to Eve Polastri (played by Sandra Oh) having a new mystery employer. Appearing to be going about things differently this time around, Eve does not want to play by the book anymore and seems to be taking things into her own hands. American fans will be one foot ahead of UK viewers, with the moreish show landing on BBC America today, February 27. A sneak peek was released on BBC, which has fan theories flying around. The clip starts on the lower half of a jogger, and as the camera pans up, we see protagonist Eve running. Running through a leafy London park Eve is seen wearing a bright orange hoodie and exercising in broad daylight. Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist? This contrasts with the start of season three, where we see Eve on the run and trying to be as invisible as possible. Hiding out in a run-down flat and only wearing mute colours, Eve spent the beginning of the previous cycle trying to evade Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) after she believed her dead. The season four clip already suggests that she is more confident and will be bolder this time around. However, the twist comes when she bumps into Head of the Russia Desk at MI6 Carolyn Martens (Fiona Shaw). In the clip Carolyn said: "I'm hardly asking for a kidney, Eve, but if I am, I am offering a slice of lung in return. "You're clearly still looking into them." "Them" could refer to The Twelve, the controlling assassin force behind the training of top hitwoman Villanelle, or the fact that she is looking into Villanelle and Konstantin (Kim Bodnia) and what they could be planning? Or that she suspects things within MI16 are not as kosher as they seem? She continued: "Why else would you still be working for a private security firm?" DON’T MISS… Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda Blethyn [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead's Leah star issues warning over character 'Has nothing to live for' [LATEST] "The people are nice," Eve smiled and replied. The interaction ends with Caroyln stating: "I'll pay; for access, I mean money's not a problem." Working with a private security firm means that Eve will not be as restricted by the protocol as she once was, and it also implies that she is not working alone. As little is known about the next season, the private company could be her working connection with Villanelle. She has the power with Carolyn appearing desperate to gain "access" to the information or assets that Eve has. In the official short two-minute teaser trailer for the final season, Eve says, "they are still playing the same old game of chess" with clips of the pair highlighting that there is still a strong connection between herself and Villanelle. Talking on The One show, Sandra previously said: "I will say at the beginning of season 4, Eve is in a very, very different place, and actually so is Villanelle. They find themselves in very different places. I really, really wanted to change Eve up, particularly for this finale. "There is absolutely that push and pull that they always have. But because it is the finale, you'll see them in circumstances that I think you've always hoped to see them in." Killing Eve season 4 premieres on Monday, February 28, at 9 pm on BBC One.