Pippa Middleton currently resides in West London. She, her husband James Matthews and their two children are said to live in a stunning six-bedroom property in the sought after location of Chelsea. But what does it look like inside? Pippa leads a relatively quiet life away from cameras. She is occasionally spotted on the streets outside her house, going to and from school where she drops off and picks up her children. It is said the British socialite lives in a property that is valued at £17million. Inside, there are five floors with a lift to allow fast access to each level. READ MORE: Prince Louis' preferred vegetable choice is a ‘massive favourite’ There is also a gym, space for staff, and even an underground cinema. In terms of decor, when Pippa moved into James’ house back in 2016, they began renovation works a year later. The cost of the changes was said to be around £1.2million. The development included a separate male and female dressing room being created to link to the main bedroom, as well as a nursery and air conditioning throughout. DON'T MISS...Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss [COMMENT]Heathrow Airport passengers left fuming by baggage delays [NEWS]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] There is also a gym, space for staff, and even an underground cinema. In terms of decor, when Pippa moved into James’ house back in 2016, they began renovation works a year later. The cost of the changes was said to be around £1.2million. The development included a separate male and female dressing room being created to link to the main bedroom, as well as a nursery and air conditioning throughout. As a result, the couple moved out for the major changes to take place, and then returned in 2018 when it was all complete. While royal fans haven't seen much of the private family quarters, Pippa did allow a sneak-peek into one of the rooms. The mother-of-two is an ambassador for the Mary Hare School, an academy for deaf children. She posted an image of herself wearing a Christmas tree jumper, standing in front of her own Christmas tree. The tree itself featured red and white decorations and was situated in a room that had cream walls. A light was mounted on the wall behind with two cream cylindrical-shaped shades. Pippa’s husband is no stranger to flash home additions. He previously resided at a 9,000sqft townhouse with a rooftop terrace and hot tub overlooking the city skyline. It was located in London's exclusive area of Mayfair and he sold it in 2006 for £1.275million, but by 2017, it was reported to be worth a dazzling £40million. The James' family also own an incredible estate in the Scottish Highlands: The Glen Affric estate. Pippa's father-in-law David Matthews bought the grounds in 2018 along with the main house, Affric Lodge.