The dashcam footage, believed to have been recorded in Kharkiv in Northeastern Ukraine, shows the moments a hail of Russian rocket artillery begins to explode all around a civilian's car. The chilling video comes amid fierce fighting across Ukraine after Russia's leader Vladimir Putin unleashed a three-pronged invasion by land, air and sea on Thursday. The spine-chilling clip begins with the unsuspecting driver slowly for red lights in what is believed to be the Oleksiyivka neighbourhood of the city. As the lights change to amber a series of huge explosion erupts a short distance from the car. The car serves widely to escape the blasts which continue to rain down. Fortunately, the driver manages to drive on through the bombardment as blasts blow holes in the road all around the vehicle. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG At the end of the video, the driver can be heard letting out a sigh of relief over the narrow escape. It comes amid reports that Russia has deliberately targeted some of Ukraine's civilian infrastructure and hospitals on the second day of the assault on Ukraine. Ukrainian officials are believed to be gathering war crimes evidence to present to the International Criminal Court. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke on Friday with his Ukrainian counterpart and condemned reports of mounting civilian deaths, a State Department spokesperson said. "The Secretary expressed his outrage at the Kremlin's brutal tactics and underscored continued U.S. support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity," spokesperson Ned Price said. "The Secretary also emphasized to [Ukraine] Foreign Minister Kuleba that the United States would continue to provide support to Ukraine to help it defend itself against Russian aggression," Mr Price added. President Putin's invasion of Ukraine came after weeks of warnings from Western leaders. Putin says he does not plan for Russian troops to occupy Ukraine, only to "demilitarise" the country. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] However, it is unclear how a pro-Russian leader could be installed unless Russian troops control much of the country. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy has filmed himself with aides on the streets of the capital, vowing to defend Ukraine's independence. "Glory to our defenders, both male and female, glory to Ukraine," he said. Mr Zelenskiy tweeted that there had been heavy fighting around cities in the East of Ukraine, namely Chernihiv and Melitopol, as well as at Hostomel.