Dozens of parents protested yesterday in Cardiff against changes to the sex education curriculum. It previously had allowed guardians to take their children out of classes but now lessons about relationships and sexuality or religion (RSE) are being made mandatory, as the Welsh government feels they'll help keep youngsters "safe from harm".  Among those at the march in Cardiff, organised by a group calling itself Public Child Protection Wales, was former teacher Joan Ginsburg, who is worried "flippant and graphic videos" around sex education will be used. The gran, from Gwynedd, northwest Wales, said: "I think the mandatory aspect is particularly worrying. I feel parents and teachers have not been consulted properly and this has been rushed. "In England and Scotland they have used flippant and graphic videos talking about specific sexual acts. "I think sex education is absolutely necessary and all children should have a healthy attitude to sex. But they need to have some investment on a spiritual level and I don’t think what they are doing will provide that. "I would answer any question my children or grandchildren had about sex but I and my daughter, who has children at school, are very concerned about how they will do this." The move is being tested this school year before becoming statutory when the new curriculum is launched in September, Wales Online says.  A couple at the protest, who took their two primary-age boys out of school two years ago because they are so worried about compulsory RSE, said parents should have more of a say on the issue. The boys' mother said: "As a result of this we are home educating. "We don’t know exactly what they are going to teach or how and it is planting seeds in children before they are at an age fully ready to understand. "Every child is different and we feel it should be down to the parents. It is wrong not to give any sex education, but I am very worried about what they are planning. That’s why we took them out of school. There is no transparency. They say it will be age appropriate, but every child is different." Jemma Mansel, who has two children aged three and 14 at school, is also worried about sex education starting so early in schools. "I don’t want my three-year-old to have sex education at school. I feel it is sexualisation. I am worried it will sexualise children," Jemma said. "I am not against sex education in schools, but I feel it should be in an age group around 13. "I also think parents should still have the option of taking them out. Children of a certain age need sex education, but not when they are three and four years old."   Rachel Evans, spokesperson for Public Child Protection Wales, and parent of two children aged 11 and seven, said she did not believe parents were aware of the changes taking place in RSE. The mum said: "We are not happy about the mandatory aspect of this. We have got parents from across Wales at the protest today. "We don’t feel they have gone ahead with enough information about what they are going to teach. All we are able to do is look around the world and what’s happening with mandatory sex education in other countries. "We are not saying there should be no sex education in schools at all, but it needs to be provided by trained professionals. We don’t feel teachers have received proper training for this." A Welsh Government spokesperson said: "The organisation responsible for the rally continues to promote incorrect and misleading claims about Wales’ new curriculum. "We believe that all young people should have the right to access information that keeps them safe from harm, but that this is done at developmentally appropriate stages. "We are committed to providing inclusive Relationships and Sexuality Education which will help increase understanding of safe, equitable and positive relationships. "The RSE Guidance and Code has been welcomed by a large number of respected organisations, such as the NSPCC and Welsh Women’s Aid, as well as the Children’s Commissioner."  