Peaky Blinders has been a worldwide hit with fans hooked on every series that comes out. There has been a three-year gap since season five finished on BBC One with production brought to a stand-still during that time thanks to the coronavirus pandemic. Unfortunately, while it was good news that series six is about to start, it does signify the end of Peaky Blinders as it will be the last ever season. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders. In January 2021, Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight announced that the drama would end after season six. In a statement at the time, Knight said: "Peaky is back and with a bang. "After the enforced production delay due to the Covid pandemic, we find the family in extreme jeopardy and the stakes have never been higher. "We believe this will be the best series of all and are sure that our amazing fans will love it." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? It was originally believed that the plan was for Peaky Blinders to have a total of seven seasons. In 2018, Knight told press after winning a BAFTA that he wanted the drama to finish with "the first air raid siren in Birmingham in 1939. It'll take three more [seasons]". At this stage, season four of the drama had aired so he was then in favour of creating another series after series six which will start tonight, Sunday, February 27. So what changed for the creators behind Peaky Blinders during this time? An exact reason why the plan has changed from seven to six seasons hasn't been divulged. But both Knight and leading actor Murphy have pretty hectic schedules now as they have various other projects in the pipeline. Knight is working on Jake Gyllenhaal and Benedict Cumberbatch thriller, the upcoming BBC series SAS: Rogue Heroes and will be an executive producer on a new adaptation of Great Expectations. In terms of Murphy's work, he recently starred in horror movie Quiet Place Part II, is currently working on film Kensuke's Kingdom and is set to star in another about British countercultural icon Richard Neville. With more workload piling on top of them both, stopping at six seasons may have been the better option for them. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' [REACTION]Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders film release date: Everything you need to know  [RELEASE DATE] Knight has also stated that the pandemic altered what they were going to do with the show. This won't be the end of Peaky Blinders completely though as it has already been said that it will come back "in another form". Knight was referring to creating a Peaky Blinders movie but it isn't known when this will come out as it isn't thought that work has started on it yet. He told Deadline: "Covid changed our plans. "But I can say that my plan from the beginning was to end Peaky with a movie. That is what is going to happen." At the end of season five, Tommy had been betrayed not only by Michael Gray (Finn Cole) and barman Micky Gibbs (Peter Campion) who was giving information to the Titanic gang but by another unknown figure. He was planning on assassination MP Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) but his snipers were murdered before they could attack which led to him getting away. Will Tommy find out who in the gang has been betraying him before it's too late? Peaky Blinders season 6 premieres tonight, Sunday, February 27, at 9pm on BBC One.