Coronavirus restrictions are being eased for travellers returning to the UK, in a bid to reduce the cost and administration of jetting abroad this Spring. From tomorrow, fully-vaccinated travellers will not have to take any Covid tests before returning to the UK. What are the new coronavirus travel restrictions for the UK in full?  Covid rules for travellers arriving in the UK are changing as of this week, just in time for half term. You will still need to make sure you’ve checked the rules of the destination you’re heading to, as every country has its own set of restrictions for travellers arriving there. However upon your return to the UK, fully-vaccinated travellers will no longer have to take a coronavirus test before coming home.  The new rules come into effect from 4am on Friday, February 11. READ MORE: Fuerteventura begs Spain to have ‘common sense’ on travel rules As of 4am on February 11, there will be no testing requirements for fully-vaccinated travellers. Fully-vaccinated means having had a full course of vaccinations - two doses of Moderna, Pfizer or AstraZeneca - and doesn’t include a booster dose. For fully-vaccinated arrivals in the UK, you will only need to fill out a passenger locator form.  The Department for Transport estimatesd this will save the average family £100 on testing before their half-term holiday. You will no longer need to show a negative Covid test. If you are not fully vaccinated, you will need to take a pre-departure test before travelling to the UK, and a PCR test on or before day two of being in the UK. Passengers who aren’t fully vaccinated will also need to complete the passenger locator form.  DON'T MISS:Horror as British tourists face huge price rise in Spain [UPDATE]Tui’s summer holiday booking return to pre-pandemic levels [INSIGHT]Cruises: The one item passengers might want to avoid [TIPS] Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: “We made the right calls at the right time and thanks to our vaccine and booster rollout it’s paying off – allowing us to safely remove nearly all COVID-19 travel restrictions for vaccinated travellers. “We already have one of the most open economies in Europe with the least restrictions, and because of the changes today we now have a travel sector to match it. “This final step in our stable and safe full return to international travel is a major boost for UK tourism, setting Britain free ahead of the crucial half term and spring holiday season.”  In addition to updates to the UK’s entry requirements, children aged 12 to 15 will now be able to use the NHS Covid pass. This means older children can input details of their vaccinations or prior infections and use the pass to get into venues in destinations where such proof is needed for entry. For coming back to the UK, all under-18s count as fully-vaccinated travellers regardless of their vaccination status. This means they do not need to take a pre-departure test or a day two PCR, and only need to complete a passenger locator form. 