Stock markets in Russia have tumbled further as investors seek to avoid exposure to the country while the crisis in Ukraine plays out. Russia's MOEX fell over five percent on Tuesday bringing its total loss since Monday to nearly 15 percent. The ruble meanwhile has declined three percent against the dollar. Investment bank Federated Hermes confirmed it would be reducing its position in Russia.  Kunjal Gala, the firm's Emerging Markets Portfolio Manager, said: "Despite low valuation, and a possible bounce in stocks, prospects for the Russian economy will be weak going forward. "At some point, the euphoria in the energy markets should also cool down, turning the tailwinds into headwinds for the Russian economy dependent on oil & gas.” The market impact is also hitting foreign firms with exposure to Russia and its economy. AJ Bell Investment Director Russ Mould commented: “Investors are very much in risk-off mode, dumping commodity producers – particularly those with exposure to either Russia or Ukraine – as well as tech and travel stocks.  “Russia-focused gold miner Petropavlovsk has fallen 29 percent in two days on the London market, simply because of where its assets are based. "Wizz Air has slumped thanks to its focus on Eastern Europe, and because airlines in general face significant cost pressures thanks to another 3.5 percent leg-up in the oil price." Gas and oil prices have accelerated as the crisis escalates with Brent Crude coming close to breaking the $100 a barrel threshold. Casting further uncertainty over energy prices Germany has announced it will halt approval of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline following Russia's decision to recognise the independence of two self declared republics in east Ukraine.  The pipeline aimed to provide a new supply route from Russia to Europe via Germany however it has been criticised, particularly by the Biden administration, for increasing dependence on Russia which already supplies 40 percent of Europe's natural gas. While a blow to Russia's long term ambitions for gas exports the halt could also serve a blow to European economies. Jamie Maddock, equity research analyst at Quilter Cheviot, predicted: "While Germany looks for alternatives this will take time and ultimately push prices up further across the continent. "A significant part of Europe’s gas supplies come from Russia, so any disruption to this is going to have an effect on the prices paid by states, businesses and ultimately the end consumer."   DON'T MISS: Boris urged to seize Brexit opportunities for aerospace [ANALYSIS]Bank of England rate setter hints at more hikes to come [INSIGHT]Markets fall as Russia Ukraine crisis escalates [LATEST] Meanwhile in the UK new sanctions have been announced targeting Russian banks Rossiya, IS Bank, General Bank, Promsvyazbank and the Black Sea Bank. Sanctions were also targeted on three high net worth individuals; Boris Rotenberg, Igor Rotenberg and Gennady Timchenko, who Boris Johnson described as "very close" to the Kremlin. Under the sanctions their UK assets will be frozen and they will be banned from entering the country or doing business with British individuals or companies. Boris Rotenberg is co-owner of SGM group, a leading builder of gas and oil infrastructure in Russia, while his nephew Igor Rotenberg is a majority shareholder in oil drilling firm Gazprom Bureniye. Mr Timchenko is founder of private investment group Volga Group which focuses on oil and infrastructure. Further sanctions targeting both banks and individuals are also expected from the EU later today. 