It found the average person estimates they have more than £200 worth of outfits languishing in drawers and hanging up in dressers. As many as eight in ten wear the same few clothing items on loop, with just six percent of those surveyed having worn everything in their wardrobe at least once. Nearly six in ten (59 percent) admitted to neglecting certain items because they become buried at the back of their bureau. Meanwhile, 20 percent keep clothing for sentimental reasons - despite not actually wearing them. And “speed purchasing” is also a common issue, with 31 percent of 18- to 24-year-olds buying on a whim based on the latest trend, only to later realise their purchase didn’t suit them. Ashley Burghardt, styling director at Stitch Fix UK, which commissioned the research, said: “These findings highlight a real shift in consumer mindset when it comes to the way we shop. “It is clear people want a smarter, more considered approach to investing in clothing and style, and are seeking ways to make their wardrobes work harder, for longer. “Our expert stylists focus on selecting items tailored to your unique style, that work with your existing wardrobe - helping curate a selection of looks you love, that stand the test of time.” The study also found the average adult reckons a fifth (20 percent) of their clothes don’t even fit them. A further 65 percent confessed to having items in their wardrobe that have never even been worn, and even still have the labels on them. Despite a large portion of their wardrobe going unworn, those surveyed will complain about having nothing to wear on average six times a month. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also found one in three (32 percent) admit to getting into quarrels with their significant other or housemates over unworn clothes. As a result, over a third (39 percent) are looking to have a wardrobe refresh in 2022. Nearly half are considering buying fewer items of clothing in the future, but ones they can wear over and over. And 37 percent agreed owning less items - but things they really love - would reduce the stress of getting ready each day. Ashley Burghardt added: “While many of us often feel we have nothing to wear when it comes to getting dressed, there are some simple first steps everyone can take to unlock their wardrobe and make it more versatile. “First, locate the items you love and wear the most, and remove all of the unworn pieces. You’ll immediately have a clear idea of what may be missing. “You’ll then be ready to focus on investing in quality pieces that can work with a variety of looks. “My biggest advice is to focus on some core, staple items - a statement coat, a great-fitting pair of jeans, a high-quality t-shirt, and a sweatshirt from a brand you love. “With just a few versatile essentials, you’ve built yourself a powerful day-to-day rotation of key pieces and a strong foundation for making smarter shopping decisions looking ahead.”