Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Scorpio – the eighth sign in the zodiac – when it comes to love. Seductive, passionate, and independent, Scorpios can seem intimidating and somewhat closed off to those who don’t know them well, according to astrology experts. But as a water sign, Scorpios are very in tune with their emotions and are, consequently, emotionally intelligent. However, Horoscope.com warned that this could also lead to inner conflict. The astrology experts claimed: “Their feelings are what drives them and strengthens them, but their mutability can scare them and make them feel vulnerable and out of control. READ MORE: Prince Harry is ‘showing off new life’ to Eugenie - here’s how “Because of this conflict, Scorpios, like their namesake, the scorpion, put up an outer shell and may seem prickly.” But once out of their shell, Scorpios are loyal, loving people whose “passion knows no bounds”. When it comes to romantic love, Horsocope.com added that Scorpio will “love harder and fight harder than any other sign, and wants their partner to be absolutely honest”. The astrologists continued: “They will be [honest], even if it’s not what the partner wants to hear.” DON'T MISS:‘Prince Charles breathing all over her!’ US chat show on Queen Covid [INSIGHT]Prince Charles coronation warning: ‘Problem’ with ‘archaic’ ceremony [ANALYSIS]Why Prince George might never be King [INTERVIEW] Scorpio’s best love matches are Cancer, Aquarius, and Taurus. Cancer may be the most similar to Scorpio as both signs are passionate and emotional, as well as being two water signs. With Taurus, on the other hand, opposites attract because Scorpio is intense while the earth sign tends not to get pulled into any drama. But what’s in store for Scorpios when it comes to love? Today, February 25, astrology experts have good news for Scorpios. Horoscope.com said: “A gift that you purchase for someone special turns out to have a surprisingly profound effect on them. “The aspect today indicates that whether it is a book, a piece of art, or something completely unique, it is bound to thrill your dearest love. “So much so that your relationship may change in a pleasantly surprising way as a result. Things could begin to get better.” As for the weeks and months ahead, astrologists have predicted that Scorpios will “get a lot of chances to continue working on your goals”. Horoscope.com continued: “Developing more as a person will be one of this transit’s gifts, so don’t let opportunities to grow escape you. “During Pluto’s retrograde period this year from the end of April to early October, it will be important to be patient with yourself. “You might not learn all of the lessons you’re meant to at a rapid pace, but don’t be too hard on yourself. “Use this time to gather information and connect your mind with your emotions.”