Mr Wadsworth pitched his energy-efficient room heating business DiscreteHeat to the five intimidating dragons, asking for £150,000 for 10 percent stake in a business that was at the time making a loss. The odds were not in his favour as he left the den empty handed but one year after his pitch he was able to turn down one of the Dragons as they returned asking for a second chance to invest. Mr Wadsworth entered the den, explaining the need for his product as it was perfectly situated between the two industry giants: radiators and underfloor heating. After a somewhat awkward demonstration, Mr Wadsworth revealed his product also camouflaged as a skirting board, much to the confusion of Duncan Bannatyne. While discussing numbers, James Caan realised that Mr Wadsworth’s product was actually four times more expensive than the current market leading alternatives. Mr Wadsworth argued that his product offered the best of both worlds from underfloor heating and radiators whilst being priced in between both options too. Having heard the upside, Mr Bannatyne looked to scout out any potential twigs in the machinery, asking the entrepreneur to share any potential downsides of his product. Mr Wadsworth immediately took a defensive stance to this question, replying: “You want me to talk about the problems with my product? If you’ve identified what you think is drawbacks I would ask you to just tell me what you think now.” With tangible tension now in the den, Mr Bannatyne turned the conversation to figures, discovering that DiscreteHeat had made a £188,000 net loss in their first year and estimated a minute profit of £8,000 at the end of year two. Mr Wadsworth also revealed he had put a startling £400,000 of his own money into the business, declining investment offers as he was searching for just the right person to come along.  Peter Jones was the first dragon to dismiss Mr Wadsworth, commenting: “I don’t want to waste words.” Deborah Meaden was next to slice the entrepreneurs dreams, saying: “The biggest issue I’ve got is the cost of this against standard products.” Theo Paphitis pointed out that funding a business with £400,000 without going into debt and still having savings in the bank was a noteworthy feat, but proved Mr Wadsworth was in the wrong place. He commented: “You don’t need to be here and I don’t know why you’re here. Since you don’t need my investment, I’m out as well.” Mr Caan found some similar hang ups holding him back from the investment as he shared: “You’ve invested £400,000 of your own money. If you can’t make it work, I don’t understand what I’m going to do that’s going to make a difference. It’s a shame.” Mr Bannatyne stamped the last nail on Mr Wadsworth’s coffin, exclaiming: “I’m clever enough to know that this is not a business proposition. It’s not a great investment, it doesn’t work.” Mr Wadsworth left the den empty handed but just 12 months later the entrepreneur met up with Mr Caan to showcase what the Dragons had missed out on. He shared that the business was struggling to keep up with the intense demand from all over the world and the revenue forecasts for DiscreteHeat were between £1.3million and £1.5million despite trading during the 2008 recession. Mr Wadsworth was able to act out a rather satisfactory turn of fate when Mr Caan questioned if he was still open to investments, noting he would need at least 45 percent equity. Mr Wadsworth promptly replied with a smile: “No, I’m out!” Mr Caan hinted that DiscreteHeat could be the one that got away, as he concluded: “For me, today, this is probably one where there is a sense of regret.” The company has since gone from strength to strength, securing contracts with a national care home builder and the NHS in 2015 to the tune of £5million.