The Pension Lifetime Allowance (LTA) has been frozen until 2025/26, and this could mean many more people are propelled over the limit. The LTA is a threshold which dictates how much a person can save into their pension in their lifetime - currently £1,073,100. But with inflation and rising assets, many people who may not believe they are close to the limit could find themselves at its mercy. Henry Tapper, Chair of AgeWage and non-executive chair of Pension Playpen spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the tax charge. He said: “Many high earners have a lot of spare money and an aversion to paying tax. “They have used pensions in the past as a tax shelter and the Government has stopped this happening by limiting contributions to £40,000 or a tenth of that if they are already drawing funds from a personal pension. READ MORE: State pension sum may be affected if you have workplace pension “The Government has also limited the value of people's pension wealth to just over £1million - the Lifetime Allowance or LTA. “Money that is contributed at too high a rate, or wealth above the LTA is taxed at a high rate. “Wealthy people do not like to pay what they consider penal tax rates.” Many higher earners have a full pension allowance, meaning they do not have any further headroom to pay more into them without facing tax. DON'T MISSPension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' [ANALYSIS]Pensioners could get extra £358 per month - are you eligible? [INSIGHT]Woman shares 'best thing she did' as pension could fall £143,000 short [UPDATE] But according to Mr Tapper there are also other problems with how the Lifetime Allowance is operated. He continued: “The Lifetime Allowance is not being uprated and is actually catching more and more people, whose investments have grown and/or defined benefit pensions have increased. “The opportunity to fix protection against penal taxation through a higher LTA has now gone. “Those who have fixed protection risk losing it by paying anything else into pensions. “A lot of high earners are contributing small amounts into pensions or nothing at all.” However, what is the solution to all of this for those who are still determined for their pension not to be affected? The answer, according to the expert, is likely to lie in Individual Savings Accounts, most commonly known as ISAs. These accounts allow individuals to save up to £20,000 per year tax-free. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Tapper added: “ISAs give less generous tax breaks but are more flexible. “It is logical for people to use whatever tax-wrappers that are available. “ISAs are able to be used for a wide variety of investments and shelter high earners from capital gains and taxes on investment income.”