Chris Evans, 55, has spoken out on Oti Mabuse’s sensational exit from Strictly Come Dancing. The professional dancer earlier this week announced she was leaving the hit BBC One contest after seven years. Speaking on The Chris Evans Breakfast Show, the radio presenter reflected on the hugely popular TV star’s decision to leave the programme. He explained how, over the years, dancers had become celebrities in their own right thanks to the show’s roaring success. Chris referred to Oti’s growing following as her “stoic” fanbase. He said: “There’s dancers now that are bigger stars than a lot of the celebrities that are invited to dance with them. “And that has changed. And so we tune in, because [Oti] has this amazing, sort of stoic, concrete fanbase… “Because we’ve all got our favourite dancers and we don’t really mind who they get now.” The broadcaster continued: “And of course it’s the celebrity’s journey that’s the intrigue, isn’t it? “It’s how far they can get and how well they can do and how much they can grow and what they discover about themselves in that time, which is fantastic. “But the pillars of the temple now, the reason we all tuned in, you know, when it first started […], was because of the celebs. “And the dancers, but primarily the celebs were the box office, they opened the movie as it were. “But now it’s the dancers, and the dancers realised it. It’s player power.” Oti became a household name on Strictly thanks to her long-term participation and her two consecutive victories in the competition for the Glitterball Trophy. DON'T MISS...Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [LATEST]Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [HEALTH]Gardeners' World's Monty Don worries fans with Longmeadow storm damage [UPDATE] She won the contest two years in a row with celebrity partners Kelvin Fletcher and Bill Bailey. Strictly Come Dancing announced the news of Oti’s departure in a statement shared on its official Twitter account. The post read: “Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. "Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show's most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers by the entire team. "She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years. "We couldn't have been prouder of Oti and what she has achieved.'' It concluded: "She will always be at the very heart of our Strictly family and we wish her every success in her already bright future." Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.