Liverpool hero Mark Lawrenson has urged Chelsea and Tottenham to consider putting together a swap deal involving Harry Kane and Romelu Lukaku. Both London clubs are battling dilemmas when it comes to their star strikers, and it is claimed that trading places could put a number of issues to bed. Lukaku played the full 90 minutes on Saturday as Chelsea edged past Crystal Palace thanks to a late Hakim Ziyech winner. Despite the victory, it was another sombre afternoon for Lukaku who was left frustrated at his lack of service, and finished the game with just seven touches of the ball - an all-time Premier League low since that data started being collected in 2003/04. Kane and Spurs were at the other end of the spectrum, as the England captain produced one of his best ever displays to claim a sensation away victory over Manchester City. Antonio Conte's talisman has struggled in front of goal this season, and despite his superb showing, the Lilywhites are again expected to be forced into a difficult position during the summer if Kane remains keen on a move elsewhere. JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs 'split' on Cristiano Ronaldo as Glazers weigh up whether to axe star As such, Lawrenson has proposed an ambitious solution which could, in theory, keep all parties happy. "I said about Lukaku and Kane, what about this swap in the summer," he told Off the Ball. "Lukaku goes to Tottenham to play with Conte again, and Kane goes to Chelsea. "I don’t think it will ever happen because they hate each other, don’t they?! But I was just looking at the way that the two strikers were playing. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS) "Before Saturday, Kane had been struggling. Was he thinking about last summer, and is he thinking about the summer coming up where he could leave? "The swap for the two would work for fun. But I think Lukaku will be gone in the summer and Chelsea will re-invest." Both strikers have been short of their best this season, having racked up just 12 Premier League goals between them, the same total as Diogo Jota alone. During a controversial interview with Sky Italia, Lukaku admitted that his return to Stamford Bridge has not been as smooth as he had hoped. A reunion with Conte could therefore offer him the perfect way out from what seems to be a rocky relationship with Thomas Tuchel. The Belgian enjoyed a superb spell working under Conte at Inter Milan, where he lashed in 24 Serie A goals last campaign en route to the league title. As for Kane, the 28-year-old is believed to be at a stage in his career where winning trophies takes priority, which was thought to be behind his preference to leave for Man City last summer. Whether Pep Guardiola's side would be keen to stump up the cash when the transfer window next opens remains to be seen, but Chelsea could provide an alternative platform for Kane to boost his trophy cabinet. The Blues won the Champions League last campaign, and mixed it with the big boys until their Premier League title bid derailed several weeks ago. In theory then, Kane and Lukaku trading places could turn out to be an unlikely win-win situation. Whether the two sides would be willing to put their differences aside and take that gamble is another question.