Struggling Chelsea star Romelu Lukaku has been sent a warning as he faces the prospect of being dropped by Thomas Tuchel amid a four-game goal drought. The Belgian returned to Stamford Bridge for a club-record fee in the summer transfer window from Inter Milan. That created much optimism that Lukaku could fire Chelsea towards a successful Premier League title challenge. But those hopes were dashed across the first-half of the season as Lukaku’s return quickly became an unhappy one. Frustrations have mounted over the course of the campaign, culminating in the striker being dropped to the bench for the midweek visit of Lille in the Champions League. Tuchel had opted to take Lukaku out of the firing line after seeing him make just seven touches against Crystal Palace. Kai Havertz excelled in his place, scoring once and putting in an impressive all-round performance as the Blues took control of the last 16 tie. JUST IN: Chelsea receive double injury boost ahead of Carabao Cup final Havertz’s performance as the spearhead of Chelsea’s attack has now left Lukaku at serious risk of failing to start the Carabao Cup final against Liverpool. Lukaku has appeared to be unsuited to Chelsea’s style of play this season, with the Blues finding it difficult to unlock his talents. But the Belgian international has now been warned that it is up to him alone to find a way to be successful at Stamford Bridge. Former Liverpool star John Barnes has told Lukaku that Tuchel will not rip up his tactical plans just to get Lukaku in his team. DON'T MISS: Lukaku to make big career decision after Tuchel's Havertz tactic (NEWS)Jamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter' (INSIGHT)Chelsea boss Tuchel warned he could soon face wrath of Abramovich (ANALYSIS) “Chelsea and Romelu Lukaku have to get used to one another,” Barnes told bonuscode bets. “Chelsea aren’t doing badly [despite his lack of involvement]. They are European Champions, in the Carabao Cup final and are playing well. “Obviously they’ll want Romelu to get more involved, but it’ll take time. Lukaku must get used to what Thomas Tuchel wants from him. “Chelsea won’t change their team just to suit one player; Liverpool and Manchester City wouldn’t do that. They’ll find a way to get him more involved.” Tuchel was confident after the win over Lille that Lukaku’s poor form is down to tiredness and that he will find his scoring boots again. “I felt him a little bit tired. He looked a little exhausted and you have to consider that he’s played a lot,” the German said. “We’ve had extra time in the Club World Cup (final), a lot of travelling recently and it wasn’t easy for him against Palace, this wasn’t his best performance. “So maybe it will be a little bit easier for him to come on from the bench tonight and turn things around if we need him.”