Emmerdale chef Marlon Dingle (played by Mark Charnock) has starred in the ITV soap for more than three decades. The well-loved character has been feeling low ever since his cousin Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) took over The Woolpack, which he used to own with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). Will Marlon decide to leave the Dales for good in a bid to regain control of his work life by setting up his own restaurant? On Tuesday's instalment of the soap, Marlon was left frustrated when Charity and her partner Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) were not sold on his new menu plans for their pub. After the pair quickly looked through Marlon's ideas, the skilled chef asked: "Is that it - the meeting is over?" Charity frankly said they would reconvene at a later date to discuss the matter, but Marlon was not convinced. An open-mouthed Marlon replied: "Well, what about the ideas I have put forward?" READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Mackenzie shut Marlon down and said: "You're staff now, you don't call the shots." A furious Marlon leaned forward in his seat and told Mackenzie he didn't own the place either. "Stop bickering, I will run it past Ryan and see what he says," Charity interjected. Once they left, Malon told Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) he thought Mackenzie was an "idiot" and Bob urged the chef to shrug his comments off.  Bob then helped Marlon out by offering up the local cafe in the evenings for him to try his pop-up food nights. "Don't worry, you have years of experience and your ideas are good," Bob added. "You could always try your pop-up nights here, I mean this place is closed in the evenings and if you hired it out it would be a bit of extra income for us too." Marlon was thrilled by the idea as he wanted to be his own boss again and told Bob: "You have made a grumpy man very happy." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Jeff Hordley speaks out on giving up acting [LATEST]Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]EastEnders in huge BBC schedule shake-up [UPDATE] Emmerdale fans will know Marlon was recently rehired as The Woolpack's chef and he's been busy putting together a new menu for when the village pub reopens. However, he has been struggling being bossed around by Charity who bought the pub after he was forced to sell it. Bob has managed to cheer Marlon up by offering him the chance to set up a pop-up restaurant at the local cafe, but will it be enough to keep Marlon feeling satisfied? Will Marlon's pop-up restaurant become such a success that he will have to move to a larger venue outside of Emmerdale?  If the business venture is a hit, Marlon might decide to pack up his belongings, quit his job at The Woolpack and launch a restaurant of his own. Charity could be left feeling frustrated with herself for ignoring Marlon's menu suggestions in the first place. Perhaps the only way of preventing Marlon from leaving the village would be if Charity starts listening to his ideas and trusting his judgement. Emmerdale currently airs weeknights at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode at 8pm on Thursdays. 