Fox viewers weren’t expecting to see one of their favourite characters unceremoniously removed from the show off-screen when they tuned in on Monday night. As they wait for the aftermath in the next episode of 9-1-1 Lone Star, fans have taken to Twitter to criticise the decision to kill Gwyn Morgan (Lisa Edelstein). Fans were devastated to learn Gwyn had been killed in a tragic accident in the jaw-dropping final moments in the latest episode of 9-1-1 Lone Star. The 126 company’s rivalry with Sgt Ty O’Brien (played by Neal McDonough) took up most of the episode, seemingly capping off the action when Owen Strand (Rob Lowe) rescued him from a burning grow house. Sadly, episode seven, Red vs Blue, had one more surprise left in store, and viewers were left with the crushing news of Gwyn’s off-screen death as the credits rolled. Shortly after O’Brien thanks his rescuers, TK receives a phone call informing him his mother, Owen’s ex-wife, is dead. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' More details about her sudden death are set to be revealed in the next episode, In the Unlikely Event of an Emergency, which will see Owen and TK travelling to New York. However, in the meantime, fans haven’t responded well to 9-1-1’s decision to kill off a relatively minor yet impactful character in such an off-hand manner. Twitter user @DeElphaba fumed: “I am really appalled they're doing this to Gwyn.... Seriously, what for? “I am going to wait and watch next week and see if this makes any kind of sense because right now it just feels pointless and cruel to be honest.” And @Lovatics820 said: “Now why did Gwyn have to die when we barely see her anyway?? It was nice knowing she was happy off-screen with the new baby.” Gwyn’s role in the series may have been secondary to the 126’s heroics, but she was still a key part of Owen and TK’s personal life. Guest star Lisa Edelstein quickly became a favourite when she was introduced in season two, but sadly her life with her new baby won’t be explored any further. Fans of the show’s central relationship between firefighter TK and police officer Carlos Reyes (Rafael L Silva) were particularly upset Gwyn won’t be able to see her son start a family. DON'T MISS:Another Life’s Katee Sackhoff pens heartfelt farewell [COMMENT]The Walking Dead’s Alden star breaks silence on exit [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 star’s inspiration for intense police scene [INTERVIEW] Tarlos United said: “Gwyn is never going to see TK marrying the man of his dreams and seeing #Tarlos happy. “She's never going to see their kid if they have one. She'll never see her son accomplish any of his future feats. It's all ashes now.” Alora tweeted: “My eyes are SORE from crying so much…JUST from the NEWS of Gwyn’s passing. Let that sink in.” And Daniel wrote: “Really sad to see @LisaEdelstein go. She’s played Gwyn to perfection and the mother /son relationship between her and @RonenRubinstein has been so believable.” Thankfully, Lisa’s time in the series hasn’t completely come to an end, as she will reportedly appear in flashback sequences in the next episode. Explaining his decision, 9-1-1 showrunner Tim Minear told Variety: “Life is never one thing. And it’s relentless. I wanted Gwyn’s death to happen the way these sometimes do — out of the blue and without fanfare. “It comes at a moment for TK when things are good. He and Carlos are at the next level. His fire family has been reunited. His mother’s death is a game-changer for TK. But also for Owen and Carlos.” Gwyn’s death will undoubtedly bring the family closer together, but fans were nevertheless distraught to see such a vital character cut down in her prime. 9-1-1 Lone Star season 3 continues Mondays on Fox in the USA. Stream the first season on Disney+ in the UK.