The Chelsea owner has come under increased pressure to speak out following the invasion of Ukraine by Vladimir Putin's forces. He was then approached by Ukrainian film producer Alexander Rodnyansky, who asked him to step in and attend the peace talks. This was after the wealthy oligarch faced pressure from Parliament because of his "links to the Russian state".  MPs called for sanctions to be levelled at the Chelsea boss. A spokesman for the Chelsea owner said: "I can confirm that Roman Abramovich was contacted by the Ukrainian side for support in achieving a peaceful resolution. "He has been trying to help ever since. "Considering what is at stake, we would ask for your understanding as to why we have not commented on neither the situation as such nor his involvement." Further details about his role in peace talks are not presently available. It has been acknowledged his influence has been "limited" so far. Mr Rodnyansky said: "I can confirm that the Ukrainian side have been trying to find someone in Russia willing to help them in finding a peaceful resolution. "They are connected to Roman Abramovich through the Jewish community. READ MORE: 'Will banning Wedgwood really have an impact?' Lammy squirms over Labour Russia sanctions  "They have reached out to him for help. "Roman Abramovich has been trying to mobilise support for a peaceful resolution ever since. "Although Roman Abramovich's influence is limited, he is the only one who responded and taken it upon himself to try. "If this will have an impact or not, I don't know. DON'T MISS:Stock markets bounce back after Putin sanctions fears [WARNING]Surging oil price will stoke inflation and hit recovery [INSIGHT]Investment warning as markets brace for volatility [REVEAL]  "But I am in contact with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's staff myself. "I know that they are grateful for his genuine efforts." Mr Abramovich is facing the heat back in the UK. In the Commons last week, Labour former minister Chris Bryant called for Mr Abramovich to be banned from owning the club. Mr Bryant told the House of Commons: “I’ve got hold of a leaked document from 2019, from the Home Office, which says in relation to Mr Abramovich: ‘As part of HMG’s Russia strategy aimed at targeting illicit finance and malign activity, Abramovich remains of interest to HMG due to his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices. “‘An example of this is Abramovich admitting in court proceedings that he paid for political influence. Therefore HMG is focused on ensuring individuals linked to illicit finance and malign activity are unable to base themselves in the UK, and will use the relevant tools at its disposal, including immigration powers, to prevent this.’” Bryant added: “That’s nearly three years ago. And yet remarkably little has been done. Surely Mr Abramovich should no longer be able to own a football club in this country? Surely we should be looking at seizing some of his assets, including his £150m home, and making sure that other people who have had tier 1 visas like this are not engaged in malign activity in the UK?” 