Yellowstone’s hit prequel series has gained huge popularity after landing on Paramount Network in December 2021. With the show nearing its finale, Ennis, played by Eric Nelsen, opened up about his character and shared the reason why Colton’s romance with Elsa failed.  Y 1883 transported fans back 130 years before the event of Yellowstone and provided insight into how John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) came to have the ranch in his lineage. In the most recent season of the original series, the pressure from land developers, casino moguls, and the Broken Rock Reservation was turned up as they all wanted a piece. With it being the largest ranch in the United States the Dutton family had to do some unlawful things to keep it in the family. With Y 1883 viewers were able to see how the Dutton family were able to not only acquire it but also pass it down seven generations. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? Throughout the series, the family led by James Dutton (Tim McGraw) joined a group of immigrants on a life-threatening journey to Montana. As the group travelled James’ eldest daughter Elsa Dutton (Isabel May) fell in love with a cowboy, Ennis (Eric Nelsen). In episode five, the two made it official, consummated their relationship and planned their future with the promise to dedicate their lives to one another. James had even given his blessing, although he was still getting used to seeing his daughter with a boyfriend. However, later in that episode tragedy struck when a group of bandits attempted to raid the caravans and killed Ennis in the process. Although Josef (Marc Rissman) tried his best to hold them off, Ennis was shot and met his demise, Elsa who had witnessed it all let out a harrowing scream. Despite his death the group had to continue on the journey and in episode six Colton (Noah Le Gros) was hired to replace the cowboy. During the episode, he blended in seamlessly, got on with everyone in the group and even developed feelings for Elsa. DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]Isabel May age: How old is the Yellowstone 1883 Elsa Dutton actress? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Summer star on the co-star which left her 'fan-girling' [INSIGHT] When he joined the travellers he was struck by Elsa’s beauty and although he tried to introduce himself a distraught Elsa was not interested. Colton revealed he knew Ennis and expressed his condolences and a little while later she regained her zest for life and returned to her duties. Later on, Elsa introduced herself to Colton, using the same flirtatious line he used on her earlier. Although the two appeared to hit it off, the potential of a romantic relationship between the two failed. During an Instagram Q&A with fans, Ennis star Eric Nelsen revealed the real reason why. He shared: “Ennis obviously loved her deeply, I got to have that love reciprocated, it was amazing. “Colton came in, I think he came in a little too quick, it was a little too fast right after Ennis left and maybe we had too many similarities so it didn't work out for him, unfortunately.” Despite this, it looks as though Elsa could soon join Ennis in the afterlife due to a woundbecoming severely infected. Y 1883 is available to stream on Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 