On February 24, 1981, the world was delighted to hear Prince Charles was engaged to Lady Diana Spencer. Looking back, the couple's engagement announcement was not the smoothest, with Charles famously uttering the awkward phrase "whatever in love means" when the couple were asked if they were in love. But no one could have guessed the marriage would end so publicly in divorce in 1996. When Charles and Diana's engagement was announced in 1981, the couple appeared on the grounds of Buckingham Palace in front of the world's press. Diana wore a smart blue suit that perfectly matched the staggering new sapphire engagement ring on her ring finger. But while the couple were all smiles for the cameras, analysis of Charles and Diana's body language in these pictures suggests there were some "doubts" about the impending marriage on Diana's part. Speaking to Express.co.uk on behalf of Slingo, behavioural expert Darren Stanton said: “Looking back at Prince Charles and Princess Diana’s official engagement photos from 1981, it’s clear to see that, right from the outset, Diana displayed moments of doubts when it came to her relationship with Charles. READ MORE: Royal expert tells Queen watchers of concerning moment to watch for  “Charles is seen standing behind Diana with his hand on her shoulder - a gesture that is very revealing on many levels. "It’s not as intimate as one would expect for a newly-engaged couple and instead appears quite formal." Charles also did not appear to be overwhelmed with happy emotions during the engagement photocall, according to the expert. Mr Stanton added: "No matter how reserved you are, something like an engagement should have you feeling overjoyed - with Charles, his face isn’t engaged, suggesting his smile is not genuine.  "There are no crow’s feet at the side of his eyes, with these lines usually a sign of true happiness and sincere emotion." Aged only 19 when her engagement to Prince Charles was announced, Diana looked quite uncomfortable under the glare of the royal spotlight. And according to Mr Stanton, Diana's body language in her engagement photos demonstrated that she felt like a "fish out of water". He added: “Similarly, Diana’s posture in the photographs is also quite interesting.  DON'T MISS:Princess Charlotte's special day a 'poignant' tribute to Diana's [VIDEO] Princess Diana's niece lost weight after 'nasty comment' [INSIGHT]Kristen Stewart berated for Princess Diana's bulimia battle in Spencer [ANALYSIS] "Her head is tilted slightly towards Charles’ shoulder - a gesture that suggests she was looking to him for reassurance and felt like a fish out of water." If the couple did have any doubts about their impending marriage, it didn't show at their royal wedding a few months later. Charles and Diana married at St Paul's Cathedral on July 29, 1981, and the wedding was widely dubbed a 'fairytale'. Millions of people watched the wedding on TV across the world, and it marked the start of the couple's 15-year marriage. The Prince and Princess of Wales welcomed two children, Prince William and Prince Harry, before the pair separated in 1992. In 1996 the couple divorced, and Princess Diana died in 1997 in a car crash in Paris at the age of 36. 