While there are lots of different ways to approach each daily Wordle puzzle, no strategy has proven quite as effective as this newly discovered game plan. In an illuminating post on Instagram, Wordle influencer Greg McKeown has come up with a foolproof way to guarantee success. It's all about using as many different letters as possible within your first five guesses. As long as you get at least one green before that final guess, you'll almost certainly be able to figure out the answer. Here's how the ingenious Wordle strategy works. As McKeown points out in the Instagram post below, there are 26 letters in the alphabet and six turns in Wordle. Provided you don't repeat any letters in the first five guesses, you can get through near enough the entire alphabet before the final guess. McKeown, therefore, recommends using the following five words every time you play, beginning with 'GLENT'. This should be followed up with the word 'BRICK', and then 'JUMPY'. The next two words are pretty obscure, although they do work when you type them in to Wordle. The fourth word is 'VOZHD' and the fifth word is 'WAQFS'. I've tried this strategy, and can confirm that it makes the solution incredibly simple to figure out. There are, however, a couple of things to remember if you plan on using this particular approach in a future attempt. The aforementioned strategy won't work if you've turned on hard mode, because you have use any yellow or green letters in future guesses. It could also prove somewhat tricky to solve if you don't get at least one green in the first five attempts. In case you aren't entirely sure of the rules of Wordle, you'll need to guess the five-letter word within six attempts. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The site keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, and your current winning streak. If you really want a challenge, Wordle even has a hard mode, which can be turned on in the settings.