Peaky Blinders is the violent period drama that zooms in on the Shelby family and their growing empire. The BBC series has won itself a loyal fanbase over the years thanks to its gripping storylines and memorable characters. Jewish gangster Alfie Solomons (played by Tom Hardy) is one character that fans thought they weren't going to see again after the dramatic events of season four. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders.Alfie had previously been working with Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) but had betrayed one of their business deals. This led to an altercation on a beach in Margate which ended with Tommy shooting Alfie in the face. It was presumed that Alfie had been killed off, especially since he hadn't been seen in the majority of season five either. This was until the final episode where Alfie was discovered to still be alive. READ MORE: The Dog House owner breaks down after giving up border collie He had remained in the coastal town of Margate where Tommy went to see him. While Alfie's face had been left disfigured from the bullet, he was very much alive and kicking. Alfie was even happy to still work with Tommy who asked if he would assist in his plan to assassinate MP Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin). Despite the plan going wrong in the end, this meeting showed the two had remained allies. Yes, actor Tom Hardy, who is best known for starring in films Venom, Legend and Mad Max, will be back for Peaky Blinders season six. Viewers were left unsure if him turning up in season five was a brief cameo rather than a return to the show but it has since been confirmed that Alfie will play a role in the next series. How he will be involved in the drama's last series though remains to be seen. But creator Steven Knight did tease that there would be some trouble ahead with the gangster. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop viewers outraged over BBC schedule shake-up  [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A delight' [TRIBUTE]Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? [THEORY] Speaking to RadioTimes.com about what fans can expect from Alfie, Knight said: "Chaos. "I think it's difficult to explain without giving stuff away, but we might find Alfie in a position not quite as strong as he normally is. And the question is, can he build himself back up?" A few pictures from the new episodes have come out showing that Alfie will be appearing in season six, episode two. He is shown talking to someone off-screen with a phonograph in the middle of the room. Sadly, season six will mark the end of an era as Peaky Blinders will be no more. This is going to be the last ever series starring actor Cillian Murphy as the iconic Tommy Shelby. However, Knight has stated the show will return in the shape of a movie but there has been no indication when it is going to come out. Peaky Blinders season six premieres on Sunday, February 27, at 9pm on BBC One.