Arsenal may have maintained their push for a top four Premier League finish with a 2-1 victory over Brentford on Saturday, but their performance only further highlighted a recurring concern. Emile Smith Rowe and Bukayo Saka remain beacons of hope for the Gunners' long-term future, but the club's failure to land a striker in January could prove costly this season. Both of Arsenal's homegrown talents were on the scoresheet in their weekend triumph over the Bees as they continue to set the Emirates ablaze with their stand-out performances. However, for all the jubilation that comes with seeing the pair thrive, you can't help but wonder what could have been. While Saturday's success keeps the Gunners in the driving seat for a return to Champions League football next season, their lack of cutting edge can only have left one lingering thought in the minds of their faithful followers. Just how good could this team have been had a striker been signed last month? JUST IN: Jose Mourinho held back as furious Roma boss confronts referee after being sent off again Mikel Arteta's inability to land a new frontman in the January transfer window has been well-documented in recent weeks but the magnitude of such failings simply cannot be understated. On Saturday, Arsenal had 24 efforts on Brentford's goal with a mere two managing to find the net. While many say all that matters is the result, the damning statistic provides cause for concern going forward. Tougher tests await on the horizon and, put simply, a failure to recruit a top forward capable of tucking away such opportunities could prove to be the difference between qualifying for Europe's elite competition next season or brutally missing out. In football, you must take your chances. And that isn't just confined to the pitch. Arsenal's board had the opportunity to strengthen last month, the chance to add some much-needed reinforcements to their attack, but their failure to do so could come at a significant price. Far more than the fee required for a proven goalscorer, one could be forgiven for thinking. While some may consider the take doom-mongering, it's the reality of Arsenal's current situation.  In fact, it's because Arteta's squad is blessed with emerging talents that it makes their recent market failures even more frustrating. Within the Gunners' ranks reside players of genuine star quality, capable of gracing the world's biggest competitions, but the fact remains, a piece of the puzzle is missing. This season provides Arsenal with their greatest chance of making the Premier League's elusive top four in years and they currently stand four points adrift of Manchester United with three games in hand. For now, Smith Rowe and Saka are doing the business and dragging the Gunners towards Europe, however you can't help but feel Arsenal's decision not to sign a clinical striker to play alongside the pair could come back to haunt them. 