Reducing meat consumption is linked with lower cancer risk. A new study by researchers at the University of Oxford suggests that eating meat five times or less per week could help prevent the disease. According to Cancer Research UK, every two minutes someone in the UK is diagnosed with cancer, and 27 percent of all new cancer cases in males affect the prostate. The research analysed data from more than 400,000 British adults, between 40 and 70, over a period of four years. Its aim was to look at the relationship between diet and cancer risk. In particular, it looked at meat and fish consumption and diet lifestyles like vegetarianism and veganism. More than half of the participants ate meat more than five times per week. READ MORE: High blood pressure: The drink that could ‘significantly’ reduce blood pressure in weeks The research findings showed that the overall cancer risk was 2 percent lower among those who ate meat five times or less every week. Whereas the risk of developing cancer was 10 percent lower among people who ate fish but not meat, and 14 percent lower among vegans and vegetarians. Researchers went on to compare the incidence of specific types of cancers with diets. They found that the risk of prostate cancer was 31 percent lower in men who followed a vegetarian lifestyle. The study also showed that the incidence of prostate cancer was slightly higher in men who ate fish but not meat. While it was significantly higher in males who consumed meat more than five times a week. Overall, around 12 percent of participants in the study developed cancer in the four-year research period. “In this large British cohort, being a low meat-eater, fish-eater or vegetarian was associated with a lower risk of all cancer sites when compared to regular meat-eaters,” the analysis discovered. “The results […] suggest that specific dietary behaviours such as low meat [and] vegetarian or pescatarian diets can have an impact on reducing the risk of certain cancers,” Doctor Giota Mitrou, director of research and innovation at World Cancer Research Fund International (WCRF), told the Guardian. Specific cancers analysed by the study were bowel, breast and prostate diagnoses. For example, those who ate meat five times or less per week had a 9 percent lower risk of colorectal cancer. Whereas post-menopausal women who followed a vegetarian diet showed an 18 percent lower risk of breast cancer. Researchers insisted that the results cannot prove that eating red meat automatically increases the risk of cancer. The study only argued that a decreased risk of developing cancer is associated with people who consume less meat. Other factors such as smoking, body weight, and a sedentary lifestyle may also play a part in causing cancer. University of Oxford researchers have thus decided to look more closely at the relationship between diet and cancer, by analysing specific eating habits.