Alex Scott, 37, has made a name for herself as a sports presenter after a successful career as a professional footballer. The sports pundit has taken to Instagram to hit out at a social media user for criticising Football Focus for its apparent focus on "LGBT and gender neutral ideology". Alex was a presenter on today's Football Focus along with Dion Dublin and Rachel Brown-Finnis. A Twitter user left the criticism: "Used to enjoy this show for football news. "But that's two weeks in a row now that we've had segments on LGBT and gender neutral ideology. "Don't think I will be tuning in again, sorry." READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid Alex fumed in view of her 1.3 million Instagram followers: "WHAT AN IDIOT! "In an hour long sports show we spent 5 mins highlighting & speaking about the importance of inclusion in sport. "Maybe next week we will spend even longer then." Alex recently took to Instagram to share a rare insight into her romantic life. The 37-year-old took to the social media site on Wednesday to reveal she was "buzzing" ahead of an exciting date. She said in her story: "Guys, I've got a date to tell you all about. I am so excited. "I am going on a date this evening with my sofa. Yes! And I am absolutely buzzing. "I can't wait to just sit on my sofa, in my own company and do absolutely nothing and not feel guilty about that. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [INSIGHT] Samuel West begs government to drop visa rules for Ukrainians [OPINION] 'Drop it' James Martin admits he turned down £180,000 gift from ex [COMMENT] "That's my evening planned." She added: "Maybe a glass of cheeky red wine I'm going to throw in there. Mmmm… I'm going to do that now." The former Strictly Come Dancing star later shared two pictures of herself during her "date night" and simply captioned them "loungin". Alex is currently single and has rarely spoken out about her past relationships. In March last year, Alex spoke to Express.co.uk about her love life. She said: "I never seem to have a lot of luck on dates. My one date in ages was going out with Sam [Robertson], who is lovely. "The next morning, our pictures were all over the press because someone in the restaurant had taken a photo. "It wasn't exactly a great start!"