The DVLA urged road users to renew their driving licence using the “online” service where possible. It urged road users to try the service instead of paper applications as a result of delays. Posting on Twitter, it said: “Renewing your licence at 70 is easy to do online. “Plus it’s quick and secure.” Paper applications for over 70 licence renewals received back on 16 December 2021 are only just being processed. This is because paper applications are processed in the order they are received. READ MORE: Elderly drivers waiting up to three months to renew driving licences The DVLA said as a result of Covid safety measures, there are “ongoing delays” with processing paper applications. However, the DVLA confirmed their online services are “working normal and without delay”. It means drivers will likely receive their new licence within just days when applying online instead of waiting months. They said: “This is the quickest, easiest, and often cheapest way to deal with us. DON'T MISSElderly driver travels without licence or car insurance for 70 years [INSIGHT]Elderly drivers should have a medical check ‘every two years’ [COMMENT]Elderly drivers call for greater measures to make roads safer [ANALYSIS] “We recommend that you use our online services where possible. “If you apply online, you should receive your driving licence or vehicle registration certificate (V5C) within five days.” Last year, figures from the DVLA revealed six out of 10 over 70-year-olds who renewed their licence last year did so online. This is up from just 43 percent of drivers using the service in 2016. The DVLA also said there had been a 27 percent rise in the number of licence holders over the age of 80 using online renewal between 2016 and 2020. Roads Minister Baroness Vere said: “It is fantastic to see more drivers over the age of 70 choosing to renew their licences online. “The sharp increase in online renewals since 2016 is testament to how quick and easy this process is and I hope the trend will continue as more people choose to experience these benefits for themselves.” To renew online, drivers will first need to register with the DVLA. This can be done by providing your email address, previous addresses of the last three years, a valid UK passport number and a National Insurance number. Drivers can still drive while waiting for their renewal as long as motorists meet a range of conditions. Motorists must have the support of their doctor to continue driving. Drivers must also ensure their application is less than a year old. Anyone driving must also ensure they haven’t been disqualified or had their licence revoked. Motorists must also only drive under the conditions of their previous driving licence.