Simon Cowell, 62, has taken to Twitter to react to the death of America’s Got Talent singer Nightbirde. The star tweeted a heartfelt message in memory of his co-star. The star died aged 31 on Sunday. Nightbirde, whose real name is Jane Marczewski. During her time on America’s Got Talent, she impressed audiences with her performance of original song OK. Jane died on Sunday after a long battle with cancer. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning Simon wrote about how the AGT star made a “huge impact” on the show and the world. The star penned the message for his 10.9 million followers. He said: “Heart breaking news to hear about @_nightbirde, she was an extraordinary person, so brave, so talented. “She made a huge impact on AGT and the world. “Her determination to fight this terrible illness was remarkable. “Rest in peace, Jane. I am sending my love to her family. Simon.” Simon’s fans were quick to respond to his Tweet and share their condolences. @Emma96Boyle: “Such very sad news about @_nightbirde. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby's dental horror after disaster night with husband [ANALYSIS]Kate Garraway addresses dilemma over new Derek Draper documentary [UPDATE] “She was such a brave woman battling such a terrible disease. “My thoughts and prayers are with her family and friends at this time of sorrow. May God have mercy on her soul. #RIPNightbirde @Dwuyep wrote: “Night bird ‘You can't wait until life isn't hard anymore before you decide to be happy,’ this quote lives with me and millions out there. “The day Jane stood on that stage she won. Find rest Jane, you will be missed but never forgotten . My deepest condolences to the family.” @Juliesilverst12 said: “I watched her perform amazingly young talented lady so very sorry for everyone's loss.” @Wowee17 penned: “Nightbird was so awesome and inspirational when she walked on to your show. What a talented lady, beautiful voice; someone I will definitely remember. RIP.” @Mama2da3rd wrote: “She was an extraordinary person with an angelic voice. “Thank you for sharing her music with the world. It’s ok.”