Death in Paradise returns to BBC One for the final instalment of season 11 this week, on February 25. Commissioner Patterson faces past demons when he is greeted by the very last person he was expecting to see. Fans are keen to find out more about actor Don Warrington and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Don Warrington is a Trinidadian-born British actor who has appeared across various networks on the small screen. He is known for his role in the ITV sitcom Rising Damp and made an even bigger name for himself in the BBC detective series set in Saint Marie. The star moved to England when he was seven and was brought up in Newcastle. He trained as an actor at the Drama Centre London and began in repertory theatre when he was 17. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Neville Parker's exit sealed in twist? The actor has had a fruitful career and he is now 70 years old. He was born Donald Williams but created a stage name as there was already an actor called Don Williams in the industry. His name was inspired by Warrington Road, the street he grew up on. One of his first roles was as Philip Smith in the series Rising Damp, which he starred in for four years. He went on to place roles in Red Dwarf, The Crouches, Casualty and Chasing Shadows. The actor is the father of two children, Jacob and Archie. READ MORE:Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley Away from his Death in Paradise role, he has been starring in the children's TV series The World According to Grandpa. The actor was awarded an MBE in 2008 for his contribution to the industry. He joined the cast of Death in Paradise in 2011 and quickly became a fan-favourite. His character is charming and intelligent and has worked hard to rise through the ranks of the police force. DON'T MISS... Tahj Miles wife: Is the Death in Paradise star married? [INSIGHT] Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [EXPLAINER] Death in Paradise: Marlon Pryce star opens up on ‘really tiring’ days [INSIGHT] As a youngster, Warrington was inspired to act after seeing the film On the Waterfront from 1954. He got into stage school and went on to become an Assistant Stage Manager. In 1973 he featured in a touring production of The Banana Box. This was adapted for television and became known as Rising Damp. The actor recently spoke to The Guardian about some of his happiest memories. He recalled: "When I lived with my grandmother in Trinidad, before I came to England to live with my mother in Newcastle at the age of seven." On his earliest memory, he revealed it was "not quite of my father but of the silhouette of my father. He died when I was three". Opening up about his biggest career disappointments, he said: "Being nominated for an award and not winning – there have been a couple." His most important life lesson is to keep going and never give up.  Death in Paradise season 11 returns to BBC One on Friday at 9pm.