After launching The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood last year, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is on a fact-finding mission in Denmark. The Duchess is hoping to find out more about Denmark's famous approach to the early years, and on Wednesday she was received by Queen Margrethe and Crown Princess Mary of Denmark at Christian IX's Palace in Copenhagen. Although the Queen is absent on this occasion, she has met with Queen Margrethe on several occasions throughout her reign, and a lot of similarities can be drawn between these two famous royal women. Queen Elizabeth II and Queen Margrethe of Denmark are two of the only sovereign queens of Europe, as both inherited their thrones in their own right. Queen Margrethe became the first sovereign Queen of Denmark in 1972 after she succeeded her father, King Frederik IX. And famously Queen Elizabeth II succeeded the throne in 1952 following the death of her father, King George VI. READ MORE: Royal expert tells Queen watchers of concerning moment to watch for  Both the Queen and Queen Margrethe have had impressively long tenures on the throne, although Queen Elizabeth II is well ahead of Queen Margrethe. This year the Queen marked her Platinum Jubilee, making her the first British royal to ever reach seven decades on the throne. Coincidentally, this year is also Queen Margrethe's Golden Jubilee year.  The Queen lost her husband of 73 years, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, at the age of 99 in April 2021. Queen Margrethe sent her condolences to the Queen, and the Danish royal had also lost her own husband a few years earlier. Queen Margrethe had been married to Henrik, Prince Consort of Denmark, from 1967 until his death in 2018 at the age of 83. DON'T MISS:Kate heads for lunch with Princess Mary after meeting Danish Queen [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton stuns in Catherine Walker coat with Crown Princess Mary [PICTURES] Queen made 'stinging' comment about Kate's 'swanning' around [ANALYSIS]  According to YouGov's 'Most Popular Royalty' survey for quarter four of 2021, the Queen is the most popular member of the Royal Family here in Britain. The Queen holds a staggering 76 percent popularity rating, which is 10 percent ahead of the second most popular royal Prince William, who stands on 66 percent. Queen Margrethe is also incredibly popular in Denmark, with the Danish Queen beloved by the public and often praised for her artistic talents.  Queen Elizabeth II and Queen Margrethe of Denmark are, like many European royals, related. The two queens are third cousins, and their shared ancestry links them both to Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and King Christian IX of Denmark. The two royal women are known to get on well, and Margrethe has often spoken warmly about her British counterpart. 