Harry Kane has been told it is a ‘travesty’ that he remains at Tottenham and has not forced through a transfer. Former Chelsea defender Jason Cundy has urged the England captain to leave the North Londoners and believes he will break Alan Shearer’s all-time Premier League goal record.   Kane remained at Spurs last summer despite links with a £150million transfer to Manchester City. A publicly declared desire to win trophies prompted reports that Kane was open to leaving the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Kane is yet to win a major team honour in his career. Spurs remained firm in their stance that the striker would not be sold and the three years remaining on his contract meant the club had most of the negotiating power. Premier League champions City had at least one bid rejected. Boss Pep Guardiola broke rank by admitting his interest in signing Kane.   JUST IN: Arsenal legend Gilberto Silva drops hint that compatriot could join The 28-year-old had a disappointing start to the 2021-22 season and did not appear to fit into Nuno Espirito Santo’s system. But he has thrived since Antonio Conte’s appointment in November and scored a dramatic late winner in Spurs’ 3-2 win over his summer suitors on Saturday. Cundy, who featured most prominently for Chelsea but also turned out for Spurs in the 1990s, believes Kane is the best striker in the world. The 52-year-old also incredibly slammed the ‘travesty’ that he has not yet joined another club and predicts Kane will beat Wayne Rooney’s England all-time goals record of 53, and Shearer’s Premier League record of 260. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “One of the best strikers… I think he’s the best in the world,” Cundy said of Kane, who has scored 173 top-flight goals. “He’s slightly different [to Roberto Lewandowski], Lewandowski is a proper No. 9. “Kane is better technically than any English striker I’ve ever seen. And that includes Shearer. “Rooney’s the one who you might say could be [equal]. He could do exactly the same as Kane dropping into the No. 10 role.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd dealt blow over Nkuku as RB Leipzig set eyewatering priceMan Utd punished by FA after stars surrounded referee against BrightonKane's stance on new Tottenham contract as Man City still eye star “But what Kane does as a No. 9, physically, makes him a better centre forward than Rooney was. “Honestly, he is unbelievable, Kane. And it is a travesty that he is still at Spurs.” Pressed on whether Kane is the best English striker of all-time, Cundy continued: “Yeah, I think he is. “I think he will beat Rooney’s England record and I think he will beat Shearer’s Premier League record. That’s just a matter of time.”    Kane has reiterated his own desire to break Shearer’s record. He is also only five goals away from equalling Rooney’s Three Lions tally. "I think it is there to be done," Kane told BT Sport’s What I Wore series this week. "Obviously it is still 90-odd goals in there but it is definitely an aim to try and reach it. I feel like I've still got many more years of my career to go. "Shearer was an incredible striker, an incredible No. 9 so even to be close now is great but for sure it is definitely something I want to try and achieve."   