The SpaceX founder made the announcement on Saturday while responding to the tweet of Ukraine’s First Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Digital Transformation, Mykhailo Fedorov, who called for help as Ukraine fought off an invasion and sustained cyberattacks by Russian forces. Tweeting directly at Mr Musk, Mr Fedorov said: “While you try to colonize Mars — Russia tries to occupy Ukraine!  “While your rockets successfully land from space — Russian rockets attack Ukrainian civilians! “We ask you to provide Ukraine with Starlink stations and to address sane Russians to stand.” In response, Mr Musk said: “Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. More terminals en route.” Starlink is the low-Earth orbit internet service that SpaceX has been building out for the past several years.   It is a constellation of connected satellites that, in theory, will be able to provide high-speed internet to large swaths of the world. So far, SpaceX has launched more than 2,000 of these satellites and put nearly 100 satellites into orbit this week alone on two separate launches. The entire constellation is planned to have more than 4,000 satellites when complete. Starlink differs from other satellite internet services because they are in low-Earth orbit rather than geostationary orbit, which allows them to provide faster internet speeds (because the signal doesn’t have to go as far). READ MORE: Laura Kuenssberg warns of 'ominous assessment'  In order to connect to Starlink, customers need a terminal, which is essentially a small satellite dish that receives the internet signal. The service is currently still in beta in the United States, and is an interesting but expensive product. It costs $100 per month for download speeds of about 100 Mbps (plus a $500 fee for the terminal), which is much faster service than can be purchased in many rural parts of America. But so far the service has been plagued by outages and intermittent connectivity while the terminal “switches” between satellites. DON'T MISS:Russia’s invasion ‘not going Putin’s way’, says Boris JohnsonRoyal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUE oveJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Earlier this year, SpaceX announced Starlink Premium, a higher tier of service that uses a bigger antenna and offers speeds of up to 500 Mbps at a steep cost. The antenna will cost $2,500 and the service will cost $500 per month. 