The Walking Dead has entertained fans for over a decade, and despite the show coming to its end, there are several spin-offs to keep them going. Actress Lynn Collins has teased that her character is one to watch as the cycle progresses. Introduced in season 10, Leah (played by Lynn Collins) has gone through a transformation and became a fan favourite. As a strong female character in the show, the actress has opened up about why she is one to watch and revealed that her character is dangerous because she has nothing to lose. Speaking to Express.co.uk, actress Lynn divulged: "The next episode of this character are fascinating. "Because when you have nothing to lose, what happens to you?" Read More: ‘Why don’t we just cancel fun!’ Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash The 44-year-old is no stranger to a fantasy show, having previously appeared in True Blood and the marvel movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. In season eleven, she is now the leader of her own pack and is dealing with her feelings for Daryl (played by Norman Reedus), whom the actress had previously referred to as her character's "soul mates". Continuing she said: "And how can you pull yourself back from that point? "If you have nothing to lose, then somebody else's life means nothing. "If you can't forgive yourself, you are never going to be able to forgive other people, so where are you?" She also compared Leah's story arc and issues that other cast members have tackled to real life and what individuals and groups of people can go through. She added: "Right now in our world, I think this is an important parallel. "Because we can be consumed by fear and the grief of things that have been lost, relationships ending, family being broken apart. DON’T MISS… Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville Parker's future on BBC series [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise season 11 episode 8 cast: Who is in the finale?[LATEST]  "Or how can we take this s**t by the horns and be like, 'How do I make merde into gold?' "How do you turn your trauma into fuel? How do you make it into a battery rather than something that drains you? "I don't know if Leah's going to be able to do that, but at least this arch is going to make us think about it." At the end of the 11 part two premiere, Leah became the only surviving Reaper.   