Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has demanded action from watchdog Ofcom to tackle the "propaganda" put out by the channel, formerly known as Russia Today. The channel - which hosts The Alex Salmond Talk Show - has repeatedly been censored for breaching impartiality rules. Political opponents have called Mr Salmond a "useful idiot" for President Putin over his show on the channel. In the Commons, Sir Keir said: "Putin’s campaign of misinformation should be tackled. “Russia Today should be prevented from broadcasting its propaganda around the world.” Defence Secretary Ben Wallace suggested Mr Salmond should “reflect on his celebrity status” connected to the show. Mr Wallace said: “I think the new leader of Alba may like to reflect on his celebrity status on some of those channels.” Scottish Lib Dem leader Alex Cole-Hamilton said: “Being Putin’s useful idiot may have stroked Alex Salmond’s ego and filled his bank account but it’s an embarrassment to our nation that a former first minister could sink so low. “If Alex Salmond had a shred of regard for human rights around the world he should step aside and quit laundering the reputation of the Russian regime.” Mr Cole-Hamilton went on to say how Mr Salmond is an "embarrassment" to the whole of Scotland. READ MORE: Dan Walker ‘blindsides’ Truss with Russian donor pic He added: “All party leaders should join me in making clear that our parliamentarians will not lend legitimacy to this propaganda broadcaster. “I had hoped that Scottish MPs would be able to speak with one voice in calling out the invasion of Ukraine as an unjustified act of aggression. "Sadly the Alba party seem more concerned with the interests of the Russian military machine than they do the people of Ukraine who just want to live in peace.” An Ofcom spokesperson: “All licensees must observe Ofcom’s rules, including due accuracy and due impartiality. DON'T MISS Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [INSIGHT] Trump provokes fury as he PRAISES Putin [COMMENT] Russia war fears will add to soaring UK energy bills, experts warned [REVEAL] “If broadcasters break those rules, we will not hesitate to step in. “Given the seriousness of the Ukraine crisis, we will examine complaints about any broadcaster’s coverage of these events as a priority.” On Monday night, Russian President Vladimir Putin strayed over the border in what he called a "peacemaking" exercise after recognising the rebel-held regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined other western nations in greenlighting a first round of sanctions. These sanctions target Russia's economy by punishing Russian interests currently resident the UK. Russian banks and plutocrats will feel the burn of Mr Putin's actions first. The Prime Minister announced the sanctions in an emergency briefing to MPs in the House of Commons this afternoon. Following his speech, Mr Johnson was immediately called upon to extend the sanctions. British sanctions will cover five Russian banks and three high net-worth individuals resident in the UK. Mr Johnson explained that the Government would freeze "any assets" they hold in the UK, and individuals contained in the announcement would be barred from travelling or dealing with British business. He said the measures launched today mark the "first tranche", adding ministers were prepared to go further. The Prime Minister said: "We will hold further sanctions at readiness, to be deployed alongside the United States and the European Union if the situation escalates still further."