The Telegram channel, which went live on Saturday, is entitled Find You Own. In a video uploaded early on Sunday morning, an injured soldier names himself as 28-year-old Leonid Paktishev, from Mezdhurechenskiy in western Siberia. He claims to be the commander of a sniper unit based in the Rostov region. Three family members subsequently confirmed Paktishev’s identity, describing themselves as shocked and angry to discover he had been taken prisoner. His sister, Yelena Polivtseva, told The Guardian: “I was sent the video of my brother captured at 2am last night. I was completely shocked. I had no idea that he was fighting in there. “I knew Leonid was in the military, but I had no idea that he was sent to Ukraine. I don’t think he would have been aware of it either.” Russia has yet to comment on any of the videos, and has so far said very little about the condition of its troops. The Russian ministry of defence admitted there were “dead and wounded soldiers amongst our comrades”, but insisted “the number of destroyed Ukrainian nationalists by far outweigh” the Russian casualties. Ms Polivtseva said she was not “competent” to judge Mr Putin’s decision to order the invasion, describing the Russian President as her “commander-in-chief”. However, voicing her hope that the conflict would end, she added: “No one needs this, not Ukraine and not Russia. “I believe we can come to an agreement through peaceful means so that our sons, brothers and husbands don’t die.” Ms Polivtseva, who last talked to her brother over the new year holiday, sent him a birthday message on Thursday - the day the invasion got underway. She said: “I saw he was not online and got a bit worried then. Now I am so, so worried, I haven’t slept all night, my children are crying, our mother is in a critical state.”  Ukraine has been calling on the relatives of captured Russians to contact them to voice their opposition to Mr Putin’s war. A hotline called “Come Back Alive from Ukraine” has already received “hundreds of calls” since the start of the invasion, the Kyiv Independent claimed. Another of Paktishev’s relatives, who asked not to be named, said he was angry, explaining: “How else can you feel?! “Young boys are thrown like cannon fodder, and most importantly for what?! For palaces in Gelendzhik?” Gelendzhik is a large mansion on the Black Sea which various media reports have linked to Mr Putin. The relative also shared a message on the family’s Vkontakte social media page which said: “Good evening, I would like to say hi from the Ukrainian people. I would like to make you happy that a close person to you is still alive. Go out and protest, overthrow your government before we bury all in Ukrainian soil. Be damned and burn in hell. Glory to Ukraine.”  Dmitry Selyanin, a third relative of Paktishev, said: “He is a sniper and snipers aren’t loved by the enemy. In the video we don’t get to see the other snipers in his group, we don’t know what happened to them. So we can only guess what they will do to Leonid.” Other footage circulating online has likewise indicated the shock felt by Russians as the reality of the conflict begins to bite. Independent TV channel Dozhd on Saturday published an interview in which the father of a Russian soldier said he did not want his son to become “cannon fodder”, denying he had previously been aware he was involved in the conflict. An adviser to the Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Saturday said roughly 3,500 Russian soldiers have been killed or injured so far. 