Fighting took place in Kyiv overnight as Ukrainian armed forces repelled Russian advances into the capital. This comes as Britain's armed forces minister James Heappey rejected Russian claims that they had seized control of Melitopol. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Heappey said that the major south-eastern city was "still in Ukrainian hands" - despite claims from the Russian military this morning. Mr Heappey said: "As far as we are concerned, all of Russia's main day one objectives are still in Ukrainian hands." He listed cities such as Melitopol, a southern coastal city, which Russian forces claimed they had taken control of. Melitopol would be the first significant population centre to be taken over since Moscow launched the invasion. The minister told Sky News' security and defense editor, Deborah Haynes, that the Russian invasion plan was running "nowhere near" to schedule. JUST IN: Polish MEP bemoans that no-one in EU as strong as Boris against Putin It is thought that the level of Ukrainian resistance to Russian forces has taken the Kremlin by surprise. Mr Heappey continued: "What you are seeing in Kyiv at the moment is very isolated pockets of Russian special forces and paratroopers. "The main armoured columns approaching Kyiv are still some way off. "That is a testament to the incredible resistance of the Ukrainian armed forces put up over the last 48 hours or so. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky released a video on Saturday morning insisting that the military "will not lay down the weapons" as Russia's invasion entered its third day. In a video posted to social media, President Zelensky said: "Listen. I am here. "We will not lay down the weapons. We will defend our state. Because our weapon is our truth. And the truth is that this is our land, our country, our children. "And we will defend all of that. That's all that I wanted to tell you. Glory to Ukraine." DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: UK faces abrupt return to chilly gale-force winds [FORECAST]Putin warned 'shaky' elite support to 'evaporate' as discontent grows [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: War explodes on Kyiv streets as Putin storms city [LIVE BLOG] Gunfights have broken out close to government quarters in Kyiv this morning, according to witnesses. 35 people including two children have been killed in the heavy fighting in the capital, according to the city’s mayor. Overnight a missile hit a residential building and while another is thought to have hit an area near the Kyiv airport. Responding to the missile strikes, Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted: "Kyiv, our splendid, peaceful city, survived another night under attacks by Russian ground forces, missiles. "One of them has hit a residential apartment in Kyiv. I demand the world: fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, oil embargo, ruin its economy. Stop Russian war criminals!"