Expats Josh and Vicky relocated to Valencia, Spain during the pandemic, along with their dog Hodu. They have since been detailing their travels around Europe and ex-pat life in the region on their Youtube channel, A Couple of Nomads. The couple praised the area for its low cost of living and the fact relatively fewer tourists visit the area. It comes after another ex-pat in Valencia warned Britons visiting the area would need paperwork "everywhere". According to the Valencia City Hall Statistics Office, as of 2019 over 100,000 non-Spanish nationals were living in the city. This makes for 13 percent of the cities population, with more living in the general Valencia region. Vicky and Josh explained to Express.co.uk: "We chose Valencia because it’s the third-largest city in Spain, yet not overrun by tourism. READ MORE: Spain vaccine rules to change from February 1 - how will your holiday be affected? "Then you get beautiful weather, a comparatively low cost of living, the beach, laid back lifestyle, bike lanes, big parks, great food, the list goes on." The couple enjoys local life in Valencia, but also enjoy its proximity to other beautiful parts of Spain. The couple went on: "You can have a quick weekend trip to Barcelona or Madrid without their mass tourism and high cost of living. "For us, it’s the best place in Spain." DON'T MISS'It’s easy-going here' Expat on life in the Falklands [INSIGHT] Britons ‘rethinking lifestyle’ during Covid [EXPERT] Covid testing scrapped for fully-vaccinated travellers [NEW RULES] Recently the region was recognised being an excellent place for ex-pats to relocate to. The couple said: "Valencia has just ranked the #1 destination in the world for ex-pats according to The Expat City Ranking 2020, which was compiled by InterNations. "We couldn’t agree more with that ranking." On their Youtube channel the couple share insights into living in Valencia. Recently they delved into the hidden gems in Valencia's Old Town. This includes Marcado de Tepineria, an area of the town with two plazas and two restaurants. There is also a market with emerging sellers in the region and pop-ups that change every week. They then visited an artisan cookie shop, Keks'y, specialising in gooey cookies. Two travellers recently detailed secret Mallorca holiday beauty spots. The couple found stunning quiet towns. The couple, Alex and Emma, created content for their travel YouTube channel Travel Beans where they have a community of over 165K. The couple said: "In this van life video, we explore the lesser-known spots on the island. "We always thought of Mallorca as just beach resorts so we explore the Spanish island in search of a variety of landscapes."