Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte feels 'privately let down' by his players amid a torrid run of results in the Premier League. Conte's side fell to a 1-0 defeat at 18th-placed Burnley on Wednesday night, crushing all momentum farmed from last weekend's triumph at league leaders Manchester City. Tottenham's 3-2 win at the Etihad Stadium was bizarrely their only three points from their last five league outings. Spurs tasted defeat at home in the three games prior against Southampton and Wolves, and Conte threw his future at the club into doubt with explosive comments after a dismal night in Burnley. After full-time, he refused to discuss the game and instead unleashed a worrying rant on his current situation at Tottenham. He told reporters: "I came here to help the club, and if the problem could be the coach, I'm ready to go, no problem. JUST IN: Scotland World Cup clash under threat as Ukraine suspends league "I am not used to this situation. I am trying everything, but the situation is not changing. I am available and open with the club to do what the club wants. "I want to help the club. I work a lot. I work very hard. I am giving 20 hours a day to Tottenham, and the other four hours I sleep, but it is not enough. "The performance can be good, and the commitment was good, but we lost. For me, the situation is unacceptable. To lose four of five [games] for Tottenham has to be a disaster. "I came in to try to improve the situation. Maybe at this moment, I am not so good to improve the situation. I am too honest to close my eyes and continue in this way. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's comments 'not a good look' "For sure, we are to speak and have a conversation with the club to try and find the best solution to help the team not have this type of situation. It is the right moment to make assessment. I repeat, I am really frustrated." Conte didn't point the blame towards his players after Spurs' latest defeat on a rainy night at Turf Moor. However, football.london claim that even though the Italian is reluctant to slam his squad publicly, he feels privately let down by some of their recent performances. And after losing four players and signing just two in January, he could currently be discouraged by his backing from Daniel Levy so far. Tottenham signed two good players in Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski. Still, it had a hint of a rushed double deal after missing out on other targets, with both playing for Fabio Paratici's former club Juventus. If Conte stays in north London beyond the end of the season, he will expect significant backing to set the club on the road of progress before his 2023 contract expiry. Spurs have a golden opportunity to return to the win column on Saturday as they visit Marcelo Bielsa's leaky Leeds United at Elland Road. But another poor result would be the latest in a series of blows to their hopes of a top-four finish come May. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.