Yet again this season, Cristiano Ronaldo was unable to contain his disappointment after Manchester United's latest bad result. The Red Devils went into Saturday's showdown with Watford looking to boost their hopes of finishing in the top four. But the Portugal international and his team-mates were unable to secure victory at Old Trafford. Manchester United have been making progress under Ralf Rangnick, losing just one Premier League match since the German replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as manager. However, this side are still suffering far too many setbacks. And it was a similar story against Watford on Saturday afternoon, with Roy Hodgson's side putting in a plucky performance on the day to ensure they leave Old Trafford with a point to their name. United had big chances, with the likes of Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes, Paul Pogba and Anthony Elanga all spurning opportunities to break the deadlock. However, Watford dug deep to ensure to ensure they return to Hertfordshire with a credible result to their name. And Ronaldo, at full time, was angry. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The 37-year-old, who hit the post, stood on the field shaking his head after the result. He put his hands on his hips and stood, centrally, looking round at Old Trafford as though stunned by what he was seeing. It is the latest instance of Ronaldo allowing his temper to boil over, with the Portugal international cutting an increasingly tetchy season as the campaign has gone on. Ronaldo and United are now looking increasingly likely to be playing in the Europa League next term. And whether their star man hangs around remains to be seen. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Speaking before the game against Watford, Ronaldo suggested he craved trophies as he enters the twilight years of his career. "It's hard to say that I don't want more, because if I'm at a club that gives me the opportunity to win more things, why not?” he said. “And in the national team too. "I know I don't have many years left playing, four or five more, we'll see, and I want to win more things. “You have to be intelligent and know that at 18, 20 or 25 you are not the same as at 35. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "And that is the maturity, the experience, the intelligence to understand that maybe you lose some things to win others and have the right balance to continue competing and be at the highest level." Despite rumours of Ronaldo wanting to leave, the veteran also insisted he was happy with his current form. "I show year after year that the numbers speak for themselves," the icon affirmed. "I don't have to tell you that I'm very good, because the numbers are there. The facts are facts, the rest is not. It doesn't matter at all. "That's why I'm very happy with my form, I'm still scoring goals, helping people, teams, both in the national team and at Manchester United and that's why I want to continue like this." 