Hearing loss can be caused by a variety of factors as the National Institute on Ageing explains. Whether this is due to noise, ageing, disease or heredity factors, hearing loss can cause difficulties in people's everyday lives. They may find it hard to follow conversations with friends and family, to hear medical advice, doorbells, alarms and driving hazards. Older people who struggle with hearing loss may also experience mental health issues, such as depression, as they become increasingly withdrawn from others and feel frustrated or embarrassed about not understanding what is being said. Crucially, if left untreated, hearing loss can get worse, so it is important to know the first signs and symptoms of hearing loss. In accordance with World Hearing Day on March 3, hearing aid providers and audiologist experts at ReSound have developed a free online hearing test to help anyone concerned or merely curious about the quality of their hearing. The test has been developed to help identify any difficulties individuals may have in understanding speech, which hearing aids may be able to help with. Katie Ogden, the Training Manager of ReSound North-West Europe, provided Express.co.uk with six exclusive signs of hearing loss that individuals should look out for in themselves and their loved ones. These include the following:  READ MORE: Cancer: The tea 'linked' to a tripled cancer risk - ‘equivalent’ to smoking 100 cigarettes  Appearing withdrawn, or becoming quietIndividuals with hearing loss often become quieter or can appear to become withdrawn in social situations or in noisy environments. This can be due to the person being frustrated they may not be able to hear properly, or from feeling self-conscious or embarrassed that they will have to ask others to repeat themselves. Exhaustion after socialisingWhile it’s normal to feel a bit tired after a long day of catching up with family or friends, if you or a loved one is feeling totally drained and exhausted after conversing with others, there could be more to it than simply needing a good night's sleep. Ogden goes on to explain that when a person is not able to hear all the sounds of speech, the brain has to work harder to fill in any gaps to help them make sense of what people are saying. To do this, it requires a lot of extra focus and makes the brain work even harder to process what is going on, leading to fatigue. Treating hearing loss can not only improve the health of the person suffering but also those around them, having a dramatically positive effect on their social relationships and love life. That’s why if you recognise a number of these signs in yourself or a loved one, it’s time to seek the help of a professional audiologist.  Before seeking help from a professional, the simple three-minute test provided by ReSound can be completed at home. All individuals require is a quiet area to complete the test in. ReSound explains that before starting the test, individuals will be asked their gender and age and that the sound setting is set to a comfortable level. Individuals will then hear different combinations of words followed by numbers, always in groups of three, while the background noise varies. Individuals are then asked to select the three things they hear by selecting the corresponding icon or number shown on the screen.  Although the test does not replace a visit to a hearing care professional or a medical diagnosis, it does give an indication as to whether you are suffering with hearing loss. Recent research from Johns Hopkins reveals that it also is linked with walking problems, falls and even dementia. In a study that tracked 639 adults for nearly 12 years, Johns Hopkins expert Frank Lin, M.D., Ph.D., found that mild hearing loss doubled dementia risk. Moderate loss tripled risk, and people with a severe hearing impairment were five times more likely to develop dementia. One thing that Lin addressed is the benefit of hearing aids. He added: “These studies have never been done before. What we do know is that there’s no downside to using hearing aids. They help most people who try them. And in those people, they can make all the difference in the world – allowing people to re-engage with friends and family and to be more involved again.” There are a variety of hearing aids available, and after a discussion with a GP or specialist, people will be guided to the one that is best for them. The benefits of hearing aids include the following: 