The Last Kingdom season five will arrive on Netflix on March 9, much to the delight of fans. Yet the news came as bittersweet as the historical drama will be ending after the upcoming season. There is a chance Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) will find romance with Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) once again. The Last Kingdom fans were left heartbroken when Uhtred was forced to give up his relationship with the new Lady of Mercia. In season four, Aethelflaed took over as leader of Mercia following the death of her husband Aethelred (Toby Regbo). She had been having an affair with Uhtred as her abusive husband continued to drive her away. The people of Mercia were reluctant to see a woman in charge, but she vowed to give up her relationship in order to rule. Her decision left viewers raging as they were sad to see Uhtred's heart get broken. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Aelswith actress teases character update Yet in the trailer for the upcoming season, the pair are seen together again. For a brief moment, Aethelflaed appears to look at Uhtred with the same fondness she once felt. The pair would not have seen each other since the Winchester siege at the end of the fourth season. As some time has passed, Aethelflaed may have changed her mind about giving her relationship up. Just as the word 'hope' flashes on the screen, Uhtred is seen smiling at the Lady of Mercia. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Eliza on how co-star ‘completely changed’ The chemistry is definitely still present, but will they act on it before it's too late? Aethelflaed actress Brady opened up about her character's relationship with Uhtred in the final season. She said: "I think there’s still so much bubbling under the surface in the relationship between Uhtred and Aethelflaed this season. "It’s quite clear that they still both hold a flame for each other, and a lot of the time it’s like there’s this magnetic force between the pair of them, that they know that it can’t happen, but you can’t deny that there’s still those feelings for one another. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom's Queen Aelswith star pens tribute to fans [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom season 5: King Constantin to become Uhtred's enemy? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom: Aelswith star on why she loves to play older roles [INTERVIEW] "And I think at the forefront of their relationship is just this respect that they have for one another. "This idea of the years passing, but their feelings for one another having not gone away." At the end of last season Aethelflaed made the decision between love and the future of her country. This was a monumental decision that she had to make and it was not one that came easily. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Is Rognvaldr Uhtred's new enemy? The real Uhtred the Bold married three times in real life, with each marriage producing children. His wives were Ecgfrida, Sige and Aelgifu, so there was no Aethelflaed in sight. With this in mind, the series will have some creative license when it comes to determining the fate of the couple. Will Aethelflaed make time to give their relationship another try, or has the ship already sailed?  The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on Netflix on March 9.