Pensioners usually look towards the state pension to provide them with financial assistance. However, this is not always the only form of help available. Many pensioners could find they are eligible for Pension Credit, specifically designed to help those on a low income. The benefit overseen by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) helps to provide a top up to retirement income. It offers extra money to help with living costs for those who are above state pension age. Pension Credit tops up weekly income to £177.10 for singletons, and joint weekly income to £270.30 for those in a relationship. READ MORE: State pension age frustration as Britons face years-long wait To be eligible, a person must live in England, Scotland or Wales and have reached state pension age. However, it is not only this financial support that Pension Credit provides. The sum is described as a “gateway benefit”, given that it opens Britons up to a wide range of other support. It could help older people get other benefits as well as freebies to assist in their retirement. DON'T MISSUniversal Credit claimants could get £1,200 cash bonus [INSIGHT]State pension payments could increase - even if Britons don't act [UPDATE]Pension savers urged to use ‘toolbox’ to beat inflation [EXCLUSIVE] One such key benefit is a free TV licence for those who are over the age of 75. Under TV Licensing and the BBC’s rules, only Britons entitled to Pension Credit can unlock a free licence. Pension Credit recipients will also get free NHS dental treatment, and they can claim help towards the cost of glasses and travel to hospital. It is also unlikely these individuals will have to pay council tax, which can be a significant weight lifted. Those who rent their home could get their rent paid in part, or even in full - eliminating this hefty housing cost. In a similar way, homeowners may be eligible for help with mortgage interest, rent and service charges. Pension Credit recipients are also eligible for a Cold Weather Payment. The scheme offers £25 to eligible individuals for each seven day period of very cold weather between November 1 and March 31. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those receiving Pension Credit will usually receive this payment automatically. Finally, those who get Pension Credit and are also carers may get an extra amount known as a Carer Addition. This is worth up to £37.70 per week, and can put a bit of extra money in the pockets of those working hard to take care of another person. It is estimated millions of people could potentially be missing out on Pension Credit. Consequently, the Government has urged people to take action to check their eligibility and make a claim. This can be done via the online service, by phone or by post. Britons will need the following information to hand: