A free bus pass is an important entitlement for many older people across the UK. It can help with getting out and about, remaining independent, and of course, reduce associated travel costs. For this reason, many will be looking forward to the day at which they can secure their entitlement. However, this may be further off for those living in most parts of England as a result of a vital rule change. In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, individuals can expect to get a free bus pass at the age of 60. This is due to devolved governments in these nations having their own jurisdiction over travel policy. READ MORE: Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 But in England, the rules are decided by central Government, and differ to the three other UK nations. The Government website explains: “In England, you can get a bus pass for free travel when you reach the state pension age.” Upcoming changes to the state pension age mean the free bus pass age will become further off for Britons. This could affect millions of people, who have to wait longer for the entitlement. DON'T MISSPension warning as ‘volatility’ on the rise amid Ukraine crisis [UPDATE]Pensioner, 77, furious as state pension frozen due to location [ANALYSIS]Martin Lewis explains how you can secure £150 off council tax bills [INSIGHT] State pension age is currently set at 66, but will rise in the future. Current Government proposals suggest the state pension age will rise to 67 between 2026 and 2028. Once again, another rise will be enacted to 68 by 2048. But this may not be the final timetable, as a proposal is currently considering whether the age should rise even faster. The review is considering whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward to 2037 to 2039. The rises to state pension age are as a result of a growing population, and people living longer on average. The review will feedback in the spring of 2023, and no decisions have yet been made. Those who live in London can travel for free on buses, tubes and other forms of public transport when they turn 60. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who live in London can travel for free on buses, tubes and other forms of public transport when they turn 60. The caveat is that the free bus pass is for travel within the capital only. Those worried about the free bus pass entitlement should note there are other concessions which may be available. For instance, the Senior Railcard is currently available to anyone aged 60 and over.