For both beginner and more experienced pancake chefs, Mary Berry has shared a simple pancake recipe in her best-selling book Mary Berry’s Complete Cookbook. The baker often shares easy recipes for foodies to try out at home. Pancake Day, or Shrove Tuesday, takes place before the start of Lent on Ash Wednesday. Historically, it was an opportunity for people to get rid of all the spare ingredients they had in their cupboards before the fasting period commenced. Lent is the 40 days leading up to Easter, during which Anglo-Saxon Christians went to confession and were absolved of their sins. Shrove Tuesday always falls 47 days before Easter Sunday, and so the date varies each year. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ Mary Berry’s Pancakes Preparation time: five minutes, and 30 minutes for the batter to stand Cooking time: 10 to 12 minutes Makes: 12 thin pancakes Ingredients Plain flour (125g) Egg (one) Milk (300ml) DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] Method Firstly, sift 125g of plain flour into a bowl and make a hole in the middle. Whisk one egg, one egg yolk, and a little milk, and pour this mixture into the hole. Whisk with a little of the flour. Then, gradually whisk in half the remaining milk, drawing in the rest of the flour a little at the time. Stir in the remaining milk, before covering and leaving to stand for about 30 minutes. Heat the frying pan and drizzle in a little oil. Ladle two or three tablespoons of the batter into the pan and tilt the pan a little so the batter spreads out evenly over the bottom. Cook the pancake over a medium-high heat for 45 to 60 seconds until small holes appear on the surface, the underside is lightly browned, and the edges of the pancake have started to curl. Loosen the pancake and turn it over by flipping it with a palette knife. Cook the other side for about 30 seconds, before sliding the pancake out of the pan and onto a plate. Heat and lightly grease the pan again before making the next pancake. Serve the pancakes as they are made, or stack them on a plate and reheat before serving.