Inheritance tax (IHT), charged at 40 percent above a certain threshold, is generally loathed by many who see it as a “death tax”. Consequently, many will be looking to legally avoid the levy, but could be unsure how to achieve this. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Charlotte Corr, Financial Planner at Old Mill, who discussed the five key ways Britons can reduce their inheritance tax bill. Firstly, Ms Corr argued the best way to avoid IHT is to enjoy one’s assets during their lifetime. Those who spend their money now could hugely mitigate, or even entirely negate inheritance tax liabilities. But it is equally important to ensure an individual has enough left to fund their retirement and acts sensibly with their money. READ MORE: Pension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' Alternatively, Britons may choose to pass their home on to their children or other direct descendants. Ms Corr explained: “When parents or grandparents pass on the main residence to their children, step-children or grandchildren, the threshold for IHT is increased to £500,000 thanks to the nil-rate band. “If your home’s value takes your estate over the nil-rate band, but you pass your home onto your children or grandchildren, the IHT liability is minimised.” Gifting is also considered to be one of the best ways to reduce IHT as it can help mitigate tax as well as passing wealth on to loved ones. It allows individuals to also see the benefit wealth can provide to those they love now. DON'T MISSPensioners could get extra £358 per month - are you eligible? [UPDATE]Pension warning as Britons risk running out of money [INSIGHT]Britons could slash inheritance tax bill - take action this tax year [ANALYSIS] Spouses and civil partners can gift without inheritance tax being applicable, but rules differ for others. In the case of family and friends, Britons can give money or assets to anyone as long as it is unconditional and the individual no longer benefits from it. People can gift up to £3,000 each tax year to make sure it is immediately outside of the estate, and this can be carried forward if unused for one year. Gifts above this value will be included in an estate for seven years, but after this it will not be liable for tax. Small gifts of up to £250 to any number of people are also permitted, except for anyone who has already received all or part of the £3,000 annual exemption limit. In a similar sense, there are specific rules for weddings, as Britons can give up to £5,000 to a child, £2,500 to a grandchild, or £1,000 to anyone else without IHT being applied. A fourth point of action could be to make use of trusts, although this can be quite complicated and may require financial advice. Ms Corr added: “Trusts enable you to give cash, property or investments to somebody else to look after for the benefit of a third party. “When you create a trust, there will be a trustee (who owns and manages the assets in the trust) and a beneficiary or beneficiaries (the person or people that the trust is set up for). Often, they are unable to manage it themselves due to age, disability, etc. “Once assets are put in a trust they no longer belong to you, and this is how they are tax efficient.” Finally, for those hopeful of avoiding inheritance tax in a legal way, there are a few general exemptions - applying to businesses and agriculture. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Business owners can transfer interest in their business before or at their death via their will, to a friend, relative or business partner. Ms Corr highlights that as long as the criteria for relief are met, then it will not be subject to inheritance tax. In the same sense, certain types of agricultural land and buildings have special rules and can be transferred without an IHT bill. Britons should be aware the matter can also become complex, and Ms Corr recommended taking advice from an accountant before acting. Ms Corr concluded: “There is no doubt that COVID-19 has brought financial planning and estate planning to the fore. “Some people have started to worry about how they will fund their own retirement, many have started to think about how best to ensure their loved ones are provided for - especially if they have been impacted financially by the pandemic - while others have become much more philanthropic, particularly with the charity sector having been hit so hard by the crisis. “But whether you choose to pass on all your wealth as an inheritance, or feel it makes sense to pass at least some of it on now when it might be more useful to family or good causes, it is worth seeking professional advice on the most tax efficient options.”