The British Boxing Board of Control will launch a formal investigation into the scoring of Josh Taylor's controversial points victory over Jack Catterall in Glasgow on Saturday night. The 31-year-old could count himself extremely lucky to keep hold of his belts on a night when many feel the Englishman from Chorley was robbed of the greatest moment of his career.  Catterall stamped his authority on the bout from the first bell, utilising his strong and accurate jab. After looking drained on the scales at the weigh-in, Taylor seemed starved of energy and struggled to kickstart his engine before later growing into the fight. By then though, most at ringside - besides the judges - felt Catterall had already banked a respectable lead. Taylor, who was also dropped by his opponent, continued to up the ante as he went in search of a late knockout but to no avail. EXCLUSIVE: Chris Eubank Jr details two-fight plan for Kell Brook scrap and Billy Joe Saunders rematch  His trainer Ben Davison told him he needed a stoppage heading into the final round. Judges Howard Foster scored the bout 113-112 to Catterall while Victor Loughlin gave it to Taylor by the same scoreline. Incredibly, Ian John-Lewis somehow scored the bout 114-111 in the Edinburgh fighter's favour. Following a fierce backlash over the result that leaves a stain on the sport and Taylor's career, the BBBofC have now confirmed they will investigate the scoring. "The British Boxing Board of Control will be investigating the scoring of this contest and will advise accordingly," read a statement released on Monday. Defending champion Taylor is now keen to move up to welterweight, where he will automatically land a shot at WBO champion Terence Crawford. After the victory, he made it that a rematch with Catterall was not on the agenda. "I don't think there is any need for a rematch," Taylor told Sky Sports. "I won in the second half of the fight. I took over and bossed him. "I 100 per cent [believed I had done enough to win]. It wasn't my best performance and he caught me with some good shots. I put a lot of pressure on myself and it showed in the first half of the fight but when I found my rhythm I started catching him. I know I won the fight." Catterall has received the widespread support of the boxing community from both fans and various figures within the sport. The heartbroken 28-year-old, now 26-1, posted on Instagram: "You know what hurts the most, it wasn’t for me I done all of this for my family my team my town and country. My baby girl and misses, our future. "Today I should of been waking up with all of the belts. 15 months out the ring, they all wrote me off. "F***** me in every way possible for over two years, finally got the fight. Sacrificed everything to fight one of the top p4p ranked fighters, gave him a lesson. For what. Boxing shame on you. Dreams stolen."