Royal expert Ingrid Seward said that Kate may have found her solo arrival in Denmark "a little testing", as she didn't have the support of Prince William. However, she said she imagines that the 40-year-old royal "will take it all in her well-shod stride", as she "loves a challenge." Kate is currently in Denmark for a two-day working visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. It will be her first solo royal trip in three years because of the pandemic. The Duchess, who travelled without Prince William, received an official welcome from Queen Margrethe. She also met with Crown Princess Mary for a private lunch. Kate’s foundation, which was launched in June 2021, focuses on how early childhood experiences shape later life. Crown Princess Mary has also established her own foundation, launched in 2007, which aims to improve the lives of vulnerable women and children. Ms Seward, the editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, described Kate as "more than a safe pair of hands", saying that Prince William is "very proud of her". The editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine told the Mirror: "The 40-year-old Duchess of Cambridge has started what looks like her toughest working year yet with a solo trip to Denmark. "Kate loves a challenge and arriving in Copenhagen on her own without the support of William might have been a little testing, but Kate will take it all in her well-shod stride. READ MORE: Kate stands up to represent Royal Family hit by Covid "She is confident and she is also passionate about her subject and is determined to make a success of the opportunity to take the work of her childhood foundation international. "No one has any doubts about Kate’s ability to manage whatever she wants to do with grace and aplomb, she is more than a safe pair of hands. "She is totally reliable and a true professional at what she does as both the Queen and Prince William are well aware. "Part of Kate’s magic is that she actually enjoys what she is doing. DON'T MISS: Kate confesses to have sparked 'jealousy' of George, Charlotte & Louis [INSIGHT] Why Kate could follow royal precedent and welcome baby number 4 [ANALYSIS] Meghan and Harry warned Netflix will consider 'pulling plug' on deal [REVEAL] "Whether it's talking to the professionals about the science behind infant child development or discussing more down to earth issues with their parents, she makes sure everyone feels included. "Kate has no sense of entitlement or grandeur. She is what she is and just wants to get on with it." Ms Seward also compared the Duchess with her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. She said: "There are similarities to the way Princess Diana did things all those years ago. "Diana’s first solo trip abroad was to Norway in early 1984. She has just discovered she was pregnant for the second time but no announcement had been made. "When Diana arrived in Norway, she found a note inside her suitcase written by her husband which read, ‘We were so proud of you’ and was signed ‘Willie wombat and I.’ (the nickname Charles and Diana gave to their son at the time.) "Maybe Kate too will have a note from William. "I am certain that he is very proud of her."