After this week however all I want to do is scream the Nike slogan – “Just do it”. Every time the two sides come together, we get more platitudes, and if I’m bored of Partygate, (which believe me I am) I am sick to the back teeth of Protocol prevarication. Last week at Prime Minister’s Questions the issue was raised by the DUP Leader, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson MP, and the Prime Minister declared that the EU’s interpretation of the NI protocol was “insane”. He told the Commons that he was “passionately indignant” about it. He continued that he “never thought, when we negotiated, that it’d mean 200 businesses would stop supplying Northern Ireland, foods being blocked and Christmas cards being surcharged” Strong words you may say - maybe something is about to change. Then on Thursday, the Foreign Secretary, who has taken on the role of dealing with the remaining issues of Brexit, including the NI Protocol, after the resignation of Lord Frost, arrived in Belfast for talks with local parties and businesses. Whilst in Northern Ireland she too indicated her opposition to the current operation of the Protocol saying that it was meant to protect the peace process and respect all communities in NI but it was doing the opposite. She continued that “it, (the Protocol) undermines the constitutional settlement if those goods aren’t able to readily flow.” Amen to all of that too. But alas we have heard it all before. If the words of the Foreign Secretary in her new Thatcher mode, (which off course I approve of) and the Prime Minister mean anything then why in the name of all that is British are we still waiting on the triggering of Article 16 of the Protocol which allows for a halt to the current damaging checks and seeks a reset? Instead, what we have at the moment is interminable talks between the EU and our Government and, as a veteran of many talks processes, this one looks as if it is going nowhere, fast. That suits the EU side where nothing ever happens quickly, of course, but certainly does not sit well with those of us who as British citizens can’t even order flower seeds from GB retailers as they may contain British soil which apparently cannot enter NI under EU regulations. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile we are told that the “nominal Brexiteer” Rishi Sunak is not in favour of triggering Article 16 as he is being influenced by the notoriously ‘remain’ focused Treasury. It is hugely disappointing that someone who sees himself as a future leader would seek to retain barriers to trade within the United Kingdom. Whatever people may say about Boris and whatever mistakes he has made with the Protocol, he is still a Unionist as Theresa May was before him. Please don’t tell me we are going to get a technocrat as Prime Minister who doesn’t understand the importance of the whole of the UK? Whatever the UK Government does or does not do however may become academic, as I believe that the DUP has run out of road. In September last year their leader, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, said that the Protocol had to be dealt with or the NI Executive could not survive. This threat has been repeated at various points since then, but given there is an Assembly Election in NI in May AND according to a recent poll, 63% of all unionist voters support action to deal with the Protocol and the ongoing damage it is inflicting in NI, the time for activating the threat has, I believe arrived. If the DUP does nothing, it runs the risk of looking weak – something not often rewarded in elections, particularly in Northern Ireland. If the Prime Minister is to avoid a crisis in NI, (which he needs like a hole in the head) then he would do well to trigger Article 16 immediately – the conditions are there – that was confirmed last July. Just do it.