Nearly three million people currently get PIP, with the benefit intended to help people to get by.  Those with serious illnesses or conditions that make it difficult for them to carry out simple daily tasks can claim the support through the PIP system. Eligibility for the payment comes down to the impact that someone’s illness or disability has on their life, regardless of employment, savings or circumstances. Latest figures from the DWP on October 31, 2021 show that there were 2.8 million people across the UK claiming support. One in three claimants are receiving the highest level of award. The highest level of reward is £608 a month or £7,296 a year if someone qualifies for both the daily living and mobility rate. READ MORE: New warning on Sunak’s ‘horror’ 55% pension tax - even MORE will get caught from April Many people are put off claiming PIP as they don’t think their condition will qualify. However, it’s essential to remember that it’s how the condition effects one’s ability to carry out daily tasks and move around outside their home that matters - not the condition itself. PIP is designed to help people living with a long-term illness, mental health condition or physical or learning disability. A PIP claimant’s main disabling condition is recorded during their assessment in over 99 percent of cases. Of those claims that have had an assessment under normal DWP rules since July, 81 percent of new claims and 88 percent of Disability Living Allowance (DLA) reassessment claims are recorded as having one of the five most common disabling conditions. These are:• Psychiatric disorders - 1,013,207 claimantsThis includes mixed anxiety, stress, depressive and mood disorders, OCD and cognitive disorders• Musculoskeletal disease (general) - 573,571 claimantsThis includes muscle or joint pain and arthritic conditions• Musculoskeletal disease (regional) - 336,862 claimantsThis includes neck, back, shoulders, elbow, wrists, hands, hip, knee and ankle pain• Neurological disease - 369,361 claimantsThis includes muscular dystrophy, epilepsy, headache, multiple sclerosis, neuropathy and other movement disorders• Respiratory disease - 126,916 claimantsThis includes asthma, diseases of the upper respiratory tract, pulmonary fibrosis and cystic fibrosis People don’t need to have worked or paid National Insurance contributions to qualify for PIP. It does not matter what someone’s income is, if they have any savings or if they are in or out of work - or on furlough.  The DWP will judge the eligibility of a PIP claim on a period of 12 months. They will look back for three months and forward for nine months They will consider if someone’s illness has changed over time. From April 2022, the DWP will pay PIP claimants up to £19 extra each month. The Government confirmed at the end of last year that certain benefits will rise by 3.1 percent to help keep up with the cost of living.