Gary Neville has admitted Liverpool have proved him wrong after initially thinking Jurgen Klopp's side were 'in decline'. And the ex-Manchester United star believes winning Sunday's Carabao Cup final could help boost Liverpool to pipping Manchester City to the Premier League title this season. Last season, Klopp's side endured a problematic title defence, finishing third, 17 points behind champions Man City and five behind runners-up United. But with minimal injury woes this term in comparison, Liverpool look back to their formidable best and have won their last nine games in all competitions. They travel to Wembley Stadium on Sunday to face Chelsea for Carabao Cup glory, a trophy the club hasn't lifted since 2012. And securing the first piece of silverware of the season could provide a platform for further success in the coming months. JUST IN: Man Utd may give Rashford a different position after Watford draw Neville has conceded he was wrong with his previous evaluation of the Reds and believes there's potential for an 'incredible' campaign. He told Sky Sports: "Liverpool, I thought Liverpool were in decline. In decline from a very, very high place. [They were] one of the best teams that you'll see in Premier League a few years ago when they won it. "But what I think they've done is dip off that level a little bit, but now it feels like they're coming back, and they could have an incredible season this year. READ MORE: Seaman delivers surprise verdict on Marcelo Bielsa leaving Leeds "They could go on to win the Premier League, they're still in the Champions League, [and] they've obviously got a trophy to play for today. I think the winner of this trophy today will be in good stead for the rest of the season." And Neville has tipped Liverpool to come out on top against Thomas Tuchel's Blues in the capital on Sunday. "You'd have to say just Liverpool. [They have] better attacking players, [a] better team, and they look like they're in a moment," Neville explained. "They're in a great run, although Chelsea have just picked up in the last few weeks as well. I do just think Liverpool." The Anfield giants are six points behind Man City in the title race but hold a game in hand over their rivals. And they still have to travel to the Etihad Stadium for what could be a critical encounter in regards to the coveted trophy's destination come May. But all eyes are on the Carabao Cup this weekend, as Liverpool look to edge ahead of the Citizens and become outright record winners with a ninth triumph. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here