Statins are a group of medicines that can help lower the level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the blood. LDL cholesterol is often referred to as the "bad cholesterol" because it clings to the inside of your blood vessels, thereby raising your risk of heart disease. Any attempts to hinder this process, such as taking statins, are therefore to be welcomed.  However, the effects of taking statins are not entirely benign. Statins can interact unpredictably with certain other substances, potentially increasing the risk of serious side effects. According to Doctor Sarah Brewer, Medical Director for supplement brand Healthspan, one possible interaction is green tea. "There has been research on green tea linked to the fact that it can interact with both statins simvastatin and rosuvastatin," she reported. READ MORE: The best time of day to take statins - when they are 'significantly more effective' Simvastatin and rosuvastatin are two types of statin prescribed in the UK. The evidence Doctor Brewer was citing comes from a 2020 study published in the European Journal of Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics. Participants in the study received a single dose of atorvastatin 40 mg alone (control group), atorvastatin 40 mg plus a capsule containing 300 mg of dry green tea extract, or atorvastatin 40 mg plus a capsule containing 600 mg of dry green tea extract. Although the dosage of green tea did not appear to have an impact, green tea extract decreases "the absorption but not the elimination of atorvastatin", the researchers concluded. DON'T MISSMorgan Freeman health: 'It hasn't gotten better' - star's 'agony' [INSIGHT]How often do you shower? You could be weakening immune system [TIPS]Dementia: The sign when walking - may precede memory loss [ADVICE] Harvard Health has also sounded a warning about drinking green tea on statins. "If green tea is one of your daily beverages, and you take a statin, don't overdo the tea," the health body warns. It refers to a case study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine. In the case study, Italian researchers tell the story of a man who developed muscle pain while taking simvastatin. But when he stopped drinking his usual three or more cups of green tea a day, he was able to take simvastatin without any pain. Tests showed that on the same 20 mg dose of simvastatin, the man had twice as much of the statin in his bloodstream while drinking green tea as he did when he took a break from drinking it. According to the NHS, grapefruit juice can also affect some statins and increase your risk of side effects. "A doctor may advise you to avoid it completely or only consume small quantities," says the health body.   "The doctor will also ask you how much alcohol you drink before prescribing statins." According to Doctor Sarah Brewer, people who regularly drink large amounts of alcohol are at increased risk of getting more serious side effects. As she explained, "ethanol or ethyl alcohol in large quantities can cause problems for people on statins and this is due to liver function". Side effects can vary between different statins, but common side effects include: