 The former editor of The Sunday Times reshared a video of Russian rocket attacks on civilian buildings which has been circulating on social media. The video shows multiple explosions striking buildings in quick succession in Ukraine’s second largest city, where Ukrainian forces have been fighting Russian troops since Sunday morning.  Mr Neil tweeted: “Horrendous. A clear war crime.” The video of rocket strikes was shared by Christo Grozev, executive director of investigative journalism organisation Bellingcat. Mr Grozev tweeted: “This is what they are doing now to Kharkiv - a city that they totally believed was part of the "Russian world". What will they do to the OTHERS?? “This should not be taken as an isolated incident. This is a clear sign that Kremlin's reputation cost is now literally 0. And this means a nuclear strike is becoming realistic.” Ukraine has confirmed that dozens of people were killed and hundreds more wounded in multiple rocket strikes by Russian forces in the city. Anton Herashchenko, Ukraine’s interior ministry adviser, said in a post on Facebook this morning: “Kharkiv has just been massively fired upon by grads (rockets). Dozens of dead and hundreds of wounded.” It is suspected that Russia has used cluster munitions in attacks on Kharkiv, according to Sky News.  Cluster munitions are a form of air-dropped or ground-launched explosive weapons that release smaller subminitions, causing multiple explosions. They are designed to kill people and destroy vehicles and buildings. A similar video shared by Sky News pinpointed to the northeast of Kharkiv showed a series of quick explosions with a military expert identified as a classic pattern for cluster munitions. Amnesty International has condemned Russia’s reported use of cluster munitions in Ukraine, including in an attack on a pre-school on Friday. The human rights charity said: "A 220mm Uragan rocket dropped cluster munitions on the Sonechko nursery and kindergarten in the town of Okhtyrka in Sumy Oblast". It added: “The strike may constitute a war crime.” The strike killed three people, including one child, and injured another child. The attack on Kharkiv came as peace talks were underway between delegates from Russia and Ukraine in Belarus. READ MORE: Ukraine on a knife-edge - What could happen in next 24 hours   The Ukrainian presidency said the talks would focus on achieving an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of Russian forces. Talks began as satellite images showed a Russian military convoy stretching over three miles approaching Kyiv while Ukraine’s president Volofymyr Zelensky warned of a “crucial 24 hours”. The president urged Russian troops to lay down arms and leave the battlefield to save their lives, claiming 4500 Russian military personnel were already dead. Ukrainian officials said blasts were heard in Kyiv in the early hours of Monday morning as Russian forces continued to close in on the city. A residential building in Chernihiv, northern Ukraine, was struck by a missile early Monday morning. However, Russia’s advance has been slower than anticipated and has met a fierce defence by Ukrainian forces in Kyiv and other cities including Kharkiv. The UK Ministry of Defence tweeted an intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine on Monday afternoon. DON'T MISS:Priti Patel says UK will allow 100,000 Ukrainians to UK [BREAKING]IOC calls for ban on Russian and Belarusian athletes [LATEST]Putin runs out of lifelines as China likely to turn back on Russia [LIVE]  It said: “The bulk of Putin’s ground forces remain more than 30km to the north of Kyiv their advance having been slowed by Ukrainian forces defending Hostomel airfield, a key Russian objective for day one of the conflict. “Heavy fighting continues around Chernihiv and Kharkiv however both cities remain under Ukrainian control. “Logistical failures and staunch Ukrainian resistance continue to frustrate the Russian advance. “Despite continued attempts to suppress details of the conflict from the Russian population, the Russian Armed Forces has for the first time been forced to acknowledge suffering casualties.” More than 4,500 Russian soldiers have been killed in Ukraine, according to reports from Reuters on Monday morning, while the UN’s refugee agency has said that more than 500,000 people have fled Ukraine in search of safety. Ukraine’s health ministry said on Sunday that 352 civilians, including 14 children, had been killed since the beginning of Russia’s invasion on Thursday. It also said that 1,684 people, including 116 children, had been wounded. 