Storm Eunice battered Britain throughout the weekend, with record winds surging past 100mph that destroyed buildings and triggered travel chaos. This has continued with Storm Frankin on Monday, with heavy winds and rain inflicting yet more devastation throughout the country. But any hope of an end to the dangerous and potentially life-threatening weather conditions are quickly dashed by the latest snow charts. The maps from WXCHARTS show the UK turning icy blue, with snow setting in once again as early as 3am in the early hours of tomorrow (Tuesday). Up to 6cm are forecast to fall in a region of Central Scotland, and by midday this ramps up significantly to 14cm. The persistent snow continues into Wednesday evening, with the latest snow maps showing 15cm falling in Central Scotland at 9pm and 8cm in the north east of the country. But by the early hours of Thursday morning, the snow quickly spreads southwards and makes its way into England, hitting a large part of the UK. The maps show 23cm forecast to smother Central Scotland at 3am and up to 10cm further north, with areas around Newcastle and as far south as Manchester also being blanketed. This freezing trend continues into Thursday evening, with some of Scotland being battered by 33cm of snow and the same areas of England also seeing a sprinkle. But the incoming snow will also turn the UK maps icy blue, with bone-chilling air sending temperatures plummeting to well below freezing. The latest maps from Netweather for 3am on Thursday - the time when snow is set to spread into England - shows minimum temperatures of -7C in large parts of Scotland. READ MORE: Storm Franklin roars in as 77,000 still have no power after Eunice The plunge in temperatures will also be apparent in North East England, where the mercury could struggle to get below freezing at this time. It will only likely get colder as the morning progresses, with a minimum of -8C forecast for a region of Central Scotland, and -1C throughout much of Northern England and Northern Wales. Netweather senior meteorologist Jo Farrow warned "much colder air" will arrive from the northwest from Wednesday night into Thursday, with the possibility of "snow on the back edge of the frontal system and snow showers following". Even colder air will follow on Thursday night, triggering heavier snow in northern Scotland and possibly spreading as far south as north east Britain on Friday morning. DON'T MISSStorm Franklin to batter UK from midnight - Met Office issue alerts [LATEST]Storm Franklin: EXACT TIME dangerously strong winds will hit UK TODAY [FORECAST]UK floods: Hundreds evacuated amid ‘danger to life’ warning [PICTURES] Ms Farrow said: "If you are looking for snow this week, it’s a continuation of 'northern hills' in the most part. "Wednesday night into Thursday sees much colder air arrive from the northwest and there could be snow on the back edge of the frontal system and snow showers following. "Don’t get excited in London, it will be rain for you. "Even colder air follows for Thursday night with signs of heavier snow for northern Scotland, maybe even reaching down briefly to north east Britain early Friday as the low clears." The latest forecast from the Met Office warns of "blustery wintry showers" on Thursday, with the north being the hardest hit. Looking ahead from Wednesday until Friday, the forecast said: "Windy on Wednesday and Thursday with rain moving southeast followed by blustery wintry showers, especially in the north." 