Just like other conditions, osteoarthritis has a number of common symptoms, including some that distinguish it from other forms of arthritis. The main symptoms of osteoarthritis are pain and stiffness in the joints; this pain and stiffness can make it difficult to move the joints and engage in certain actions. However, these symptoms will not be constant and may come and go in episodes that will vary in intensity depending on a number of factors such as the weather and activity levels. The NHS recommends that a person should see a GP if they have: “persistent symptoms of osteoarthritis”. READ MORE: How often should I wash my hair? The four rules of hair washing  Pain and stiffness are not the only symptoms of osteoarthritis. Other signs can include a sound coming from the joint in the form of a grating or crackling sound. As well as crackling, patients with osteoarthritis may experience joint tenderness, joints appearing slightly larger, a limited range of movement in the joints, weakness, or muscle wasting. Treatment for arthritis will depend on the severity of the symptoms in question.  The approach to treating osteoarthritis is to approach the condition from three directions. Those directions are lifestyle measures, medicine, and supportive therapies. Lifestyle changes include increasing how much an individual exercises; doing so can help build muscle and to strengthen the joints. Losing weight too will help take some pressure off the joints and reduce inflammation. If osteoarthritis is causing mobility problems, then a GP may suggest an occupational therapist or special footwear to help reduce pressure on the joints. Pain relieving medications can also be prescribed to help alleviate some of the symptoms of osteoarthritis while supportive treatments such as nerve stimulation and hot and cold packs are used to make everyday tasks easier and less uncomfortable. Meanwhile, on medication, researchers have now identified a potential new avenue of treatment for osteoarthritis. Researchers from North Carolina State University identified a specific pain pathway which, when blocked in mice, helped to alleviate symptoms. Co-author the new study Duncan Lascelles said: “When you feel pain, that’s the result of a molecule at the painful sight interacting with a receptor on a sensory nerve, setting off a cascade of events within the nerve that lead to a signal being produced. “This signal travels along the nerve, and is interpreted as painful by the brain”. What the researchers hope is that this could lead to new treatments for osteoarthritis that block this pain pathway. For more information about arthritis contact the NHS or consult with your GP.