Bleach is a strong cleaner which can be very effective when used correctly. Whether you’re looking to blitz your toilet or make your shower basin sparkle, there are many great uses for this pungent liquid - but where should you avoid using it? From the bathroom to the kitchen, these are the six household surfaces you should never clean with bleach. This high-shine material can quickly appear worn and tarnished when wiped down with harsh bleach. Sodium hypochlorite is the key ingredient that should always be avoided while cleaning stainless steel as it can oxidise the metal. When the sodium reacts with carbon dioxide in the air, the passive layer is compromised which causes the chlorine gas product to attack the metal. For a streak-free finish on steel surfaces, dilute white vinegar with water before gently buffing it onto the metal. READ MORE: Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them  While toilet bowls will benefit from a flush of antibacterial bleach, the seat of your toilet could become damaged. No matter how white your porcelain toilet seat looks, scrubbing it with bleach could reveal a stark contrast of bright white spots on an off-white surface. Black fabric can fade to a burnt orange colour when splashed by bleach. On lighter fabrics, it can remove the colour altogether, leaving unsightly white specks on your garments. Avoid using household bleach to clean stains from soft furnishings and make use of a more gentle baking soda paste instead. Household mould growth is one of the most unpleasant things to spot around your property, making strong bleach the most obvious remedy. While its pungent scent and intense cleaning properties are beneficial for removing stains and odours associated with mould, it won’t solve the issue long term. Instead, you should identify the cause of the mould and use a white vinegar solution to banish stubborn spores. DON'T MISS:How to clean rattan garden furniture - four steps [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 44p hack to remove radiator marks [REVEAL]'Best combination' for cleaning a shower screen sparkling [ANALYSIS]  The high-quality finish of granite and marble worktops is unmatched, but using bleach to clean them could compromise their luxurious appearance. Take care when using commercial kitchen cleaners and avoid wiping these surfaces down with undiluted bleach. If this concentrated liquid dwells on a surface for too long, you could face costly damage or even worse, require a full replacement. For gleaming results, use white vinegar and water to spritz your surfaces and wipe them over. Finish with a lemon juice and essential oil spray for a fresh fragrance and antibacterial cleanse. You should always avoid using abrasive substances like baking soda or salt to treat stubborn dirt on granite and marble countertops. Timber worktops, furniture, cutting boards and wallboards should never be treated with bleach, as it can weaken the structure. Chlorine bleach is known to destroy lignin - a key component of wood that is responsible for hardening solid wood. Once a solid timer loses its integrity, the surface layer can peel off and make the wooden surface weak. To naturally treat stains and sanitise wood items, use lemon juice or baking soda and water.