Cesar Azpilicueta has explained the importance of N’Golo Kante to Chelsea after the Frenchman’s contractual issues emerged. Kante’s current deal with the Blues expires in the summer of 2023 and he may choose to follow the lead of his team-mates in running down his contract to keep his options open.     Chelsea are all too familiar with contractual issues, with director Marina Granovskaia currently dealing with defenders Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Azpilicueta, whose contracts expire on June 30. There are further problems down the road, with midfielders Kante and Jorginho among those who are under contract until June 2023. Kante and Marcos Alonso can follow Azpilicueta in winning every trophy available to them by beating Liverpool in the Carabao Cup this weekend – and the potential achievement has brought their futures into the spotlight. The Telegraph reports that clubs including Paris Saint-Germain are keeping an eye on Kante’s situation.  JUST IN: Barcelona ‘eyeing Chelsea misfit’ as Xavi waits on Azpilicueta verdict Kante, who is paid £300,000 per week, turns 31 next month and Chelsea do not normally offer pay rises or extensions beyond a year to players of his age. But club captain Azpilicueta, who himself looks set to leave on a free transfer this summer, has warned Chelsea of the player the club risks losing for nothing in Kante. “He has the ability to recover a lot of balls, but a lot of times through the pressure, attacking the opponents, not just by staying in front of the back line and just protecting the lines and cutting out the passes,” he told The Telegraph.  DON'T MISS Arsenal 'offered chance to sign Joao Felix' this summer Man Utd's Maguire may be sold with Rangnick a 'big fan' of replacement Tottenham insiders 'unanimous' over what they expect for Conte future “He’s more the player that tries to press forwards and then he has the ability to drive with the ball, to arrive sometimes around the edge of the box to deliver as well and to assist goals. “He is the complete player and it would be very unfair to say he is just a defensive midfielder. “He’s intelligent, working for the team, he’s not just a player who runs without seeing anything or communicating with the team.  “He’s always aware of the position, he always tries to cover as much ground as he can, but always in an intelligent way. “The energy he has in the last 20, 30 minutes, when everybody’s battery is dying, I think he gets re-renergy from I don’t know where.” Kante joined Chelsea from Leicester for £30million back in 2016 and has already helped them win the Champions League, Premier League, FA Cup, Europa League, Uefa Super Cup and Club World Cup If Chelsea beat Liverpool in Sunday’s Carabao Cup final, he will join Azpilicueta in completing the full set, four years faster than the Spaniard. 