The man accused of killing 28-year-old schoolteacher Sabina Nessa late last year will appear in court today. This afternoon's hearing is the case's second and takes place ahead of a final trial in June. Courts will establish the foundations of that later trial following deliberations today. Sabina Nessa was found dead in Cator Park, Kidbrooke, southeast London on September 18, 2021. She had left home a day earlier around 8.30pm, walking to meet a friend at a nearby bar less than 10 minutes away. Courts heard she was repeatedly struck by a stranger wielding a 2ft long weapon before being carried away. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Rees-Mogg masterstroke shuts down gloating Rejoiners A member of the public discovered her body covered in leaves early the next morning while walking his dog. Albanian garage worker Koci Selamaj, 36, was arrested in Eastbourne by Metropolitan Police officers and later charged with murder. He accepted responsibility for her death during the first pre-trial hearing in September. But he entered a formal plea of not guilty for the one count of murdering Ms Nessa. The teacher's family sat nearby in the dock during the early deliberations. Hundreds of people had paid their respects to the year one teacher during a vigil days before. On September 24, six days following her death, more than 500 people gathered at Pegler Square, around the corner from Cator Park, to remember her. DON'T MISSBargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war - VIDEOPeople sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion - INSIGHTBritons torn over Rees-Mogg snub to bitter Remoaners - ANALYSIS Family members appeared among the attendees, including her sister, Jebina Yasmin Islam. She thanked the crowd for showing "support for my sister", who she praised as "amazing", "caring", and "beautiful". Ms Islam said Ms Nessa had "left this world far too early" and opened up on what her family was going through. She said: "Words cannot describe how we are feeling, this feels like we are stuck in a bad dream and can't get out of it - our world is shattered, we are simply lost for words." "No family should go through what we are going through." Other vigils followed in the London boroughs of Hackney and Newham and outside the capital in Bristol and Brighton. Many others touched by the death placed lit candles on their doorsteps. Ms Nessa's death intensified calls to enhance women's safety on the streets following killings in 2020 and earlier in 2021.