Tensions have already boiled over between Josh Taylor and challenger Jack Catterall ahead of Saturday night's undisputed super-lightweight world championship in Glasgow. After a heated build-up, the Chorley fighter laid a hand on the champion at Friday's weigh-in as the pair clashed on stage before being separated by security. This fight was supposed to land the other side of Christmas on December 18 before Taylor picked up a knee injury. The Scotsman is making his return to his homeland for the first time since May 2019 when he successfully outpointed Ivan Baranchyk. Since then Taylor has won all the marbles at 140lbs after becoming the undisputed champion last May in Las Vegas. Taylor beat Jose Ramirez behind closed doors in Sin City, knocking his opponent down in round six and seven. READ MORE: Chris Eubank Jr details two-fight plan for Kell Brook scrap and Billy Joe Saunders rematch As for Catterall, the 28-year-old is currently 26-0 and has been waiting patiently for his shot at world honours. While he has shown his opponent respect, he has also made it clear he's ready for war after the sound of the first bell. Catterall was last out in November 2020 when he successfully outpointed Abderrazak Houya on the undercard of Daniel Dubois vs Joe Joyce. Express Sport provides you with all the details you need to know ahead of the main event at the Hydro... Josh Taylor vs Jack Catterall Robeisy Ramirez vs Eric Donovan Nick Campbell vs Jay McFarlane Ebonie Jones vs Effy Kathopouli Carlos Perez vs Cori Gibbs Kieran Molloy vs Damian Esquisabel Paddy Donovan vs Miroslav Serban Kurt Walker vs Jaroslav Hriadel Mark McKeown vs Laszlo Szoke Erik Nazaryan vs Scott Forrest Craig MacIntyre vs Alexey Tukhtarov Taylor vs Catterall is expected to get underway between 10pm and 10:30pm on Saturday night. The main undercard is expected to begin at around 7pm. Sky Sports will be broadcasting the card from around 7pm on Sky Sports Action. Coverage on Main Event also gets underway around 8pm. This is not a PPV event.