Arsenal legend Gilberto Silva has urged his former club to make a move for Manchester City target Matheus Nunes after Pep Guardiola praised him following his team's visit to Sporting Lisbon.  The Citizens travelled to Portugal last Tuesday in the hope of gaining a decent advantage to take to the Etihad Stadium for the second leg of the first knockout round tie. And that they did, recording a 5-0 win over the Primeira Liga champions to all but book their place in the quarter finals of Europe's elite cup competition. Following the game, Guardiola praised Nunes on being 'one of the best players in the world'; a flattering compliment from arguably the world's greatest manager. But Silva, now 45, claims Arsenal should make a move for his compatriot. Silva made 244 appearances for the Gunners, scoring 24 goals along the way whilst winning the Premier League in the invincible season of 2003-04 and two FA Cup winners' medals. DON'T MISS Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesArsenal captain Alexandre Lacazette trolls Ivan Toney after getting Brentford revenge  And in an interview with Portuguese newspaper Record, the tough-tackling midfielder said he believes Nunes has all the attributes to be a star at the Emirates. "I think so," Silva said. "He plays in Portugal, he’s super adapted to the European game model and that wouldn’t be a barrier for him. "The Premier League is the most difficult championship in the world, due to the quality of the players and teams and where the coaches are considered the best in the world. "And when the praise comes from Pep Guardiola, the world stops to listen and attention is redoubled.  "And if Pep says that, it’s because he understands that Matheus Nunes can reach that level. I hope to see Matheus Nunes soon in the Premier League. "At Arsenal? Why not?" Former Sporting players have fared exceptionally well in the Premier League in the past. Bruno Fernandes, Cristiano Ronaldo and Nani have all had illustrious careers at Manchester United after making the move from the Portuguese capital.  Elsewhere, Raphinha, Joao Moutinho and Eric Dier have all fared well for their respective teams. The report further goes on to state that Sporting would ask for a fee of around £26million for the midfielder. Record claim that a fee of that amount would be more than attainable for Arsenal. And it may see Nunes line up alongside Thomas Partey, who has come into a purple patch of form recently. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 