Cynthia Nixon portrays kind-hearted socialite Ada Brook in HBO Max and Sky Atlantic's The Gilded Age. Her character has always been unlucky in love and is forced to live off her wealthy sister Agnes van Rhijin's (played by Christine Baranski) money. Fortunately for actress Nixon, she hasn't had to suffer the same fate as Ada. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Nixon's wife. Actress Cynthia Nixon is married to LGBTQ rights and education advocate Christine Marinoni. After starring in Sex and the City for six years as Miranda Hobbes, the HBO comedy-drama came to an end in 2004. This was when the 55-year-old began publicly dating Marinoni who help founded the education non-profit Alliance for Quality Education. It was through work at the organisation that the couple met for the first time. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Nixon and Marinoni met in 2001 during a fight for smaller class sizes in New York's public schools. The Gilded Age star was still with her former partner Danny Mozes at the time who she had children Samuel and Charles with. Nixon split from Mozes in 2003 and this is when she and Marinoni grew closer. But it wasn't until a year later that the pair started officially dating which was new to Nixon as this was the first time she had dated a woman. Speaking to the Daily Mirror, Nixon said: "I have been with men all my life and had never met a woman I had fallen in love with before. "But when I did, it didn't seem so strange. It didn't change who I am. I'm just a woman who fell in love with a woman." She previously identified as bisexual but now uses the term queer to describe her sexual identity. In an interview with Attitude, Nixon said falling in love with a woman was "one of the great delights and surprises of my life". DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [UPDATE]Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION]The Gilded Age actor talks 'no intimacy' with HBO co-stars [CAST] The couple got engaged in 2009 at a rally support for gay marriage in New York. Nixon was adamant about waiting to tie the knot until she could do so in the Big Apple where she has lived all her life. After gay marriage was legalised in New York in 2011, Nixon and Marinoni got married a year later. In 2011, the couple also welcomed their son Max Ellington into the world. Nixon now stars in The Gilded Age as spinster Ada Brook who sadly never married. Prior to this though, she starred in the Sex and the City reboot And Just Like That..., reprising her role of Miranda. In the new season, Miranda comes out as bisexual after falling in love with Carrie Bradshaw's (Sarah Jessica Parker) Chez (Sara Ramirez). The Gilded Age is available to watch on HBO Max in America and Sky Atlantic and NOW streaming service in the UK.