Ferrari-backed driver Antonio Giovinazzi is in the frame to take Nikita Mazepin's seat at Haas this season, should the Russian lose it. Mazepin's F1 future has been thrown into doubt amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine and it could open the door for Giovinazzi to return to the grid. This week, Haas team principal Guenther Steiner suggested Pietro Fittipaldi would be best placed to replace Mazepin after three years of acting as their reserve driver. He said: "If Nikita [Mazepin] couldn't drive for one or another reason, the first call would go to Pietro [Fittipaldi]. Obviously, he is with us for a few years, and then we will see what we do next. "Pietro is always around with us for a reason. In the last years, we needed a reserve driver, having COVID around - so he is always around. "He knows the team, he knows the car. To jump in for one day to the other, there is nobody better than Pietro around at the moment." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes retirement confession ahead of new F1 season Fittipaldi has also already represented Haas in two Grand Prix after Romain Grosjean's worrying accident in Bahrain in 2020. However, Scuderiafans.com claim Giovinazzi is also a prominent figure on Haas' shortlist of Mazepin replacements. The 28-year-old is supported by Ferrari, with whom Haas work closely, and already has five years of F1 experience, most recently with Alfa Romeo last season. After losing his seat as Alfa Romeo made a complete shuffle of drivers this year, Giovinazzi signed for Formula E team Dragon/Penske Autosport. READ MORE: Bottas responds to Hamilton question after making Alfa Romeo admission But he would undoubtedly be interested in an F1 return if Haas came calling in the coming weeks. Mazepin's future with the American team is in doubt as uproar mounts over Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Haas removed sponsors Uralkali's logo and the Russian flag livery from their car during pre-season testing in Barcelona. And they plan to end their partnership with the company, whose chairman is Mazepin's father, Dmitry Mazepin. Amid the uncertainty over Mazepin's Haas future, Steiner has stressed that the situation must be resolved with the 2022 season around the corner. He added: "It needs to be resolved. There are governments involved and I have no power over them and we need to see how the situation develops in Ukraine." But there are currently two leading candidates to partner Mick Schumacher at Haas in 2022, should Mazepin lose his seat.