A severe weather warning has been issued by the Met Office as temperatures this week could drop well below freezing across some parts of the country. Scotland is expected to experience -5C weather this weekend while Inverness, Aberdeen and Wick will face the coldest weather. Temperatures could drop to 1C and 4C across the rest of the UK. This means that some eligible people could be able to get a Cold Weather Payment. Government data shows that an estimated four million people are eligible for the extra cash, but only when there's a trigger in their local area. Payments are made if the average temperature in an area is recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees Celsius or below over seven consecutive days.  Both forecast and observed temperatures from weather stations are used to determine which postcodes are eligible for payment. Households may get Cold Weather Payments amid the freezing weather and be reassured that they have the additional money to afford extra heating. This is especially crucial considering that Ofgem has announced a 54 percent increase on energy bills from April 2022. Also, last week saw the lowest recorded temperatures in two decades in the UK.   Those eligible get £25 for each seven day period of very cold weather. It is essentially money which could help with fuel costs. After each period of very cold weather in an area, a person will receive a payment within 14 working days. People do not need to apply. If they are eligible, they'll be paid automatically. Cold Weather Payments do not affect other benefits. More than £59million was paid out in Cold Weather Payments during the first few weeks of 2021, according to data from Uswitch. More specifically, 2,374,000 payments were made in the first six weeks of the year.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Year-to-year weather variability means that some seasons could potentially have larger pay-outs than others. The Government paid out almost £100million in Cold Weather Payments last winter between November 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. The social protection scheme was set up in 1988 in order to support vulnerable individuals in the UK (excluding Northern Island) with financial support. Who is eligible for Cold Weather Payments? To qualify, a person must be in receipt of one of the following benefits: Additionally, they must meet at least one of the following criteria:   