Laura Main left fans in tears with some of her heartbreaking scenes in season 11 of Call The Midwife. The BBC hit series saw many firsts for Shelagh Turner, and she tackled them in a sensitive and professional way. Fans are keen to find out more about the TV actress, and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The latest season of Call The Midwife featured some harrowing moments for Shelagh Turner. In the finale, she was worried she had lost her husband Patrick Turner (Stephen McGann) in the train crash. Thankfully he escaped with minor injuries and the pair's children were delighted to see their father on the mend. As for whether Laura Main has children in real life, the actress tends to keep her personal life out of the spotlight. The only public announcement she made was following her break-up with former partner, Stephen McGlynn. READ MORE: Call The Midwife star Laura Main wants Pam Ferris to return to show She has not revealed whether she has since been in another relationship. With this in mind, there is no knowing for certain whether the actress has children or not. The star is on Instagram but her profile is mostly dedicated to her work, both on Call The Midwife and other projects. Main, 40, was born in Aberdeen and has two older sisters. She initially studied history before starting drama school in London. Her career started at the age of 14 when she began performing in musical theatre, landing the title role in a performance of Annie. She has toured with the Royal Shakespeare Company and still appears on stage in other shows. Main has been a part of the Call The Midwife cast since 2011 and she continues to be a fan-favourite. Viewers may be interested to hear she also features as a soloist on some of the Call The Midwife album tracks. Since joining the historical drama, she has starred in episodes of The Mill, Father Brown and Doctors. DON'T MISS... 'Wasn't going to happen' Call the Midwife boss reveals storyline issue [INSIGHT] Call The Midwife: Midwife speaks out on finale heroes during 'tragedy' [INTERVIEW] Call the Midwife’s Stephen McGann shares devastating link to finale [INSIGHT] The show recently celebrated its 10th anniversary and the actress praised its success. She said: "We are going forward each year, and there are always new things to tackle and new issues to discuss. "It's changing all the time. The fashions change, the look changes, so it doesn't feel old. "It still feels really, really fresh. Shelagh is an example of how people's lives can change in ten years. "She's gone from being a nun to being married with four children. I just feel really, really lucky. "I just love it. Long may it continue. I don't want it to end!" Thankfully there is no sign of the series coming to an end any time soon as it has been renewed until at least 2024. Following the tragedy of the season 11 finale, an uplifting Christmas special is expected to air later this year. Fans will be excited to see what trials and tribulations Shelagh and Patrick face as he recovers from his injuries.  Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, with a Christmas special expected to air later this year.