The Ukrainian pilot has been attributed with 10 hits since the start of Russia's invasion on Thursday morning. The unnamed officer of Ukraine's air force was reported to have taken down six Russian planes within the first 30 hours of the war, shooting an additional four as of February 26. The pilot has been hailed as a hero for his efforts and gained the nickname of "Ghost of Kyiv" for his ability to hit quickly before disappearing back into the air. Ukraine's official Twitter account paid tribute to the office with a video of their actions since the start of the conflict. Captions of the footage read: "Ukraine probably not its first ace since World War II. This is the anonymous pilot of the MiG-29, nicknamed the Ghost of Kyiv. "In the first 30 hours of the Russian invasion in February 2022, he shot down six Russian military aircraft. As of February 26, 10 military planes of the occupiers [were shot down]. "To become an ace pilot, you need to shoot down five planes. And the Ghost of Kyiv shot twice as many." READ THE LATEST UPDATED ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The caption continued: "And although it is still unknown who is piloting the Ukrainian MiG-29 plane and whether he is responsible for the ten downed Russian planes, Ukrainians are grateful to this hero with brass balls, who's having Russian aircraft for breakfast. "God speed and happy hunting." Unconfirmed reports claim the so-called Ghost of Kyiv shot down two SU-35s, one SU-27, one MiG-29, and two SU-25s. While the pilot has started to gain hero status among Ukrainians, there is currently no confirmation whether all allegedly shot-down planes were hit by the same officer. READ MORE: Russia war threats EXPLODE as Putin vows to battle Finland & Sweden in horror NATO warning Ukrainian forces have so far claimed seven Russian planes were downed on the first day of the invasion. Due to the size of Ukraine, which spans 1,200km west to east, the possibility of the same pilot playing a role in all counterattacks is questionable but the Ghost of Kyiv has so far offered defiant Ukrainians a glimmer of hope in light of the ongoing conflict. Ukraine has mounted a fierce resistance against Russian troops, with Kyiv still in the hands of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy despite "brutal" attacks overnight. DON'T MISS'We fought Soviets with our fists, we are not naive' Hungary says [REVEAL]Ukrainian locals tearing down STREET SIGNS to baffle troops [SPOTLIGHT]Ukrainians flee their homes after Russian invasion [INSIGHT] Mr Zelenskyy claimed on Sunday morning shelling from Russia had involved residential areas and hit civilian targets, including ambulances. The Ukrainian president also rejected a Russian offer of talks in Belarus on Sunday, saying Minsk itself was complicit in the Russian invasion. He however left the door open to negotiations in other locations. The Kremlin said on Sunday its delegation was ready to meet Ukrainian officials in the Belarusian city of Gomel.