Extending queues were pictured at petrol stations across the northern city, with longer delays than normal, according to HullLive. One driver, who went to fill up at an Asda in Kingswood, said that the scene was “hectic”.  Queues were also spotted at Tesco and Morrison’s in the area. The UK’s gas prices shot up by a third today as the conflict threatens European gas supply – of which around 40 percent comes from Russia, mainly travelling via a pipeline through Ukraine. It comes following scenes of panic buying at petrol stations last year, after a worldwide shortage of natural gas brought on by the coronavirus pandemic saw prices shoot up. Boris Johnson earlier called for European nations to wean themselves off of Russian fossil fuels.  READ MORE: Ukraine crisis ‘will keep inflation higher for longer’ in UK – warning Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops into Ukraine in the early hours of this morning in a “special military operation”. According to reports and footage from within Ukraine, Russian forces have entered the country through Belarus, Russian-backed separatist regions and Crimea, which it took in 2014. Responding to the news, the Prime Minister said in a televised address earlier today that he would bring in sanctions designed to “hobble the Russian economy”. Addressing the House of Commons, Mr Johnson announced a range of economic sanctions designed to limit the financial capabilities of Russian companies and nationals.  He said that it was the Government's objective to "move away from all our dependencies on Russian oil and gas". Mr Johnson said the UK was "lucky" that only 3 percent of the UK's gas supply came from Russia, whereas other European countries were in "a much more exposed position". Referencing the rise in oil prices, he said: "The Government will do everything possible to safeguard our own people from the repercussions for the cost of living." He added that new proposals soon to be brought forward by the Government would mean "oligarchs in London will have nowhere to hide". DON'T MISS Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT] Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [POLL] Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO [REPORT] The G7 had agreed to work in unity to "maximise the economic price that Putin will pay for his aggression". Mr Johnson added that this must include "ending Europe's collective dependence on Russian oil and gas that has served to empower Putin for too long". Earlier, the Prime Minister praised Germany's decision to finally block the Nord Stream 2 pipeline from Russia, after the European Commission halted its approval. The pipeline – which was built to send natural gas directly to Germany, circumventing Ukraine – was something which Russia had been doggedly vying for, and cancellation of the project is expected to be a massive blow to the Russian economy.  Ministers have said that Mr Putin's intervention in Ukraine may lead to a spike in petrol prices. According to recent reports, Ukrainian forces are attempting to defend the Hostomel airport to the north-west of Kiev, following Russian airstrikes on key targets across the country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Ukrainian President, called on citizens to help defend the nation as he declared nationwide martial law.    He told Ukrainians that the Government would arm “anyone who wants to defend the country”. Many Ukrainians living in cities suck as the capital were seen in large queues attempting to escape westwards.