The production of Indiana Jones 5 is slowly wrapping up, but while fans are patiently awaiting the release of new information about the movie, Harrison Ford has been saving lives. The Star Wars star reportedly jumped into action when someone needed him most during production in Pinewood Studios in the UK earlier this month. A source revealed Ford was working in the famous home of Star Wars when he saw a "male member of the crew collapse". Ford - the real-life hero - was standing "just yards away" from the unwell crew member, who had suffered a suspected heart attack. Without hesitation, Ford leapt into action and yelled to people nearby: "Get me a medic, quick!" (Via Daily Mail) A "huge amount of panic" reportedly followed, as Ford and co awaited help. Eventually, the film's on-site first aider arrived, who carried out CPR while those surrounding "waited for an air ambulance and paramedics to arrive". No information was released about the fate of the crew member, but he would have surely been in a worse state if Ford didn't help. READ MORE: Indiana Jones: Short Round actor breaks silence on film comeback The source added that the cast and crew had been at Pinewood Studios all week and were due to "finish this Friday" (tomorrow). Meanwhile, details surrounding the plot of Indiana Jones 5 are still under wraps, but fans do have a small idea of what is coming. Locations in Scotland were recently transformed into 1960s America with Indiana himself riding a motorcycle through the streets of fake New York. Indy is also being joined for the first time by a new character played by Phoebe Waller-Bridge. DON'T MISS...Indiana Jones: Short Round actor breaks silence on film comeback [NEWS]Uncharted REVIEW: Tom Holland stars in video game adaptation [REVIEW]Indiana Jones: Sean Connery ‘almost did Kingdom of the Crystal Skull’ [INSIGHT] The relationship of Waller-Bridge's character to Indy has not yet been revealed, but anything is possible. Could she be a new replacement for Indy when his journey comes to an end? Or could she perhaps be another unknown child of his - like Shia LaBeouf before her? Meanwhile, James Mangold - the film's director - has all but confirmed the film's setting. Mangold sent out a cryptic tweet last year speaking about the films he was working on at the time. He told his followers: "The Velvet Underground are f*****g great. That's it. That's my tweet. (Note -- I'm mentally living in 60's NYC right now cause that's where all the movies I'm working on take place.)" The only films the star was working on at the time were Indiana Jones 5 and Going Electric (the Bob Dylan biopic). Indiana Jones 5 is due for release on June 30, 2023. SOURCE