Known for playing Commissioner Selwyn Patterson in the BBC series Death in Paradise, Don Warrington has revealed intimate details about his sex life. In a new candid interview, Don delighted fans with a cheeky admission about how often he has sex. In an interview with The Guardian last week, the 70-year-old gave readers a rare insight into his personal life. The actor, who has played the Saint Marie Commissioner for 11 seasons, wasn’t shy about revealing: “As often as I can, thank you for asking,” when asked how often he gets intimate with his partner in the bedroom. But when asked if he would rather have more sex, money, or fame, he opted for “money”. Don has starred in a host of television shows including Rising Damp, Red Dwarf, The Crouches, Casualty and Chasing Shadows. READ MORE: 'Race in Russia on your own, you’d still lose!' Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin  Don has also been starring in the children's TV series The World According to Grandpa. According to online reports, Don is married, but his spouse's identity is currently unknown. Born Donald Williams, his stage name was inspired by Warrington Road, the street he grew up on. The Trinidadian-born British actor has two children: Jacob and Archie. The Death in Paradise star moved to England when he was seven and grew up in Newcastle. Don attended the Drama Centre London and began in repertory theatre when he was 17. In 2008, the actor was awarded an MBE for his contribution to the industry. He joined the cast of Death in Paradise in 2011, when the show started. He quickly became a success with the fans. DON’T MISS: 'What the f*** is so funny?' Piers Morgan explodes at 'shameful' Joe Biden's Russia speech 'Made fun of me!' Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit show after own exit    Don was inspired to act after seeing the film On the Waterfront, which was released in 1954. Asked to describe himself in three words, Don replied: “Tall, dark and handsome.” When it comes to guilty pleasures, Don shared an unexpected indulgence. “Smarties,” he said, are his treat of choice. "What does love feel like?" prompted another surprising answer from the actor. “Jelly,” Don replied. The most important lesson life has taught him was: “Keep going, never give up.”