The Queen celebrated the 70th anniversary of her accession to the throne on February 6, 2022, becoming the first British monarch to reach the milestone. As a result, this year will see a number of events to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. This includes a concert at Buckingham Palace, to which 5000 members of the public will be selected to receive a pair of free tickets. While many in the UK will be eagerly awaiting the celebrations, a Labour MP has warned that the recent controversy surrounding Prince Andrew could cast a "bleak shadow" over the Platinum Jubilee. Andrew was accused of sexually assaulting sex trafficking victim Virginia Giuffre on three occasions – allegations the Duke of York has always denied. Andrew reportedly agreed to pay Ms Giuffre around £12million in an out of court settlement. Labour MP Andy McDonald warned last week he will be seeking reassurances that taxpayers' money isn't used to fund Andrew's settlement. His comments came amid reports that the Queen was making a donation of £2million to Ms Giuffre's charity as part of Andrew's settlement. Mr McDonald told Sky News he would use "whatever opportunity" to "seek that assurance from the Government benches that there will be no call upon the public purse to pay up for this settlement. He said: "If he [Prince Andrew] wants to go to his mother for a bailout, then the taxpayer has got to be assured it's not going to be coming out of their coffers. Simple as that." The MP for Middlesbrough also warned that questions over how the settlement will be paid threatens to cast a "bleak shadow" over the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. He added: "The Queen is held in highest regard and people want to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee free from these considerations.. "That's not been allowed to happen with this saga rumbling on. He [Andrew] doesn't care anything about the people, but presumably he cares something about his mother. "He should bring it to an end and let it be known how this is going to be settled." The Queen's plans have been scuppered this week after the monarch tested positive for Covid on Sunday. She postponed two virtual audiences after her Covid diagnosis, Buckingham Palace has revealed. READ MORE: Royal Family 'relieved' Prince Andrew settled Virginia Giuffre case A Palace spokesperson said yesterday: “The two virtual audiences that had previously been scheduled to take place today will now be rescheduled for a later date. Her Majesty is continuing with light duties. “No other engagements are scheduled for this week.” The Palace previously said that the Queen had “mild cold-like symptoms”. The Queen, who turns 96 in April, had her first vaccine in January 2021 and is understood to be triple-vaccinated against the virus. However, she has been on doctors’ orders to rest since mid-October. The start of 2022 has been a chaotic one for the Queen and the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Royal Family 'relieved' Prince Andrew settled Virginia Giuffre case [INSIGHT] Harry and Andrew unlikely to be stripped of role by Parliament–expert [ANALYSIS] Princess Beatrice could get official role as Queen falls ill [INSIGHT] Andrew's civil case in the US, the Queen's positive Covid test, Prince Harry's row with the Home Office over personal security and Prince Charles' charity’s cash for honours scandal could all "take a toll" on the monarch, according to a royal source. The source told People Magazine : “It's a drip-feed of negativity for the monarchy. I've not known such a tumultuous time as this.” “It just feels to be one thing after another for the Queen. It's going to take a toll.”