Professor Timothy Garton Ash, a leading political historian, left the BBC Question Time audience speechless as he detailed the "worst-case scenario" for the Western world. He warned that Vladimir Putin wants to create a "new iron curtain" in Europe and claimed China could soon replicate similar actions in Taiwan. This comes as Beijing monitors Russia's full-scale war against Ukraine for signs of how Western powers respond. On President Putin's long-term plans, Professor Ash explained: "Russia has effectively already invaded Belarus, which is just next to Ukraine. "He put all his forces there, and they will be there for as long as he wants them to be there. "I think the minimal aim of Vladimir Putin is to create a new iron curtain down the Eastern frontier of NATO "Countries like Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova, Georgia would be stuck in the Russian empire, whether they want to be there or not." JUST IN: Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO He then turned to the "worst-case scenario," adding: "Another thing, a point made to me by a very senior NATO general, was that NATO and the EU have had a very close relationship with Ukraine for many years. "It's been said that Ukraine is not in NATO, but NATO is in Ukraine. Same for the EU. "NATO has several non-alliance partners all around the world. One of them is Taiwan. "One worst-case scenario is if Xi Jinping sees that Vladimir Putin can get away with it in Ukraine, maybe he will have a go in Taiwan." On Thursday, Taiwan's defence ministry has said nine Chinese planes have entered its air defence zone. While Taiwan sees itself as its own sovereign state, China sees its neighbours as a breakaway province. Similarly, Russian President Vladimir Putin has said he considers Russians and Ukrainians as "one people". DON'T MISS:Zelenskyy in rallying cry speech as Ukrainians forced to enlist [VIDEO]Straight-talking Wallace is on target about Putin [EXPRESS COMMENT]POLL: Do royal scandals bother you, or is monarchy strong as ever? [POLL] China has rejected comparisons between Ukraine and Taiwan, with foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying saying: "Taiwan is not Ukraine. "Taiwan has always been an inalienable part of China. This is an indisputable legal and historical fact." This comes as Ukraine valiantly tries to slow down Russia's full0scale invasion of the country. In a speech to the nation last night, President Zelenskyy confirmed that 137 soldiers had been killed on Thursday, the first day of fighting. An adviser to Ukraine’s interior minister warned that Friday could become the hardest day in the war.