The EU approved banning all transactions with the Central Bank of Russia, Bloomberg reported. The move comes only hours after Ursula von der Leyen, president of the European Commission, said: "The European Union and its partners are working to cripple Putin's ability to finance his war machine." The sanction aims to prevent Russia from selling assets overseas to support its own banks and companies. Amid fears from its customers, the bank earlier said it "has the necessary resources and tools to maintain financial stability and ensure the operational continuity of the financial sector". The EU's top diplomat Josep Borrell told a news conference on Sunday afternoon: "With these measures, more than half of the central bank reserves of Russia will be blocked." The European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Canada and the UK on Saturday moved on to unleash new sanctions to further isolate Russia's economy and financial system. The group, in a bid to increase pressure on President Vladimir Putin to abandon his war plans in Ukraine, decided to penalise Russia's central bank by, among other restrictions, stopping it from deploying its international reserves to undermine sanctions. They also agreed to exclude some Russian banks from the SWIFT messaging system. Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin’s humiliating losses exposed – 4,300 dead and 146 tanks smashed While the US has previously sanctioned the central banks of countries including Iran and Venezuela and North Korea's central bank is also blacklisted, hitting the central bank of an economy the size of Russia's is a first. Sunday's step was approved by EU foreign ministers in a virtual meeting in which they put together a third package of penalties against Moscow, with Mr Borrell saying he would later provide the political endorsement of the 27 EU member states. Russia's central bank, which has reserves of around $630bn (£470bn), was forced to increase the amount of money it supplies to ATMs on Friday after demand for cash reached the highest level since March 2020. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In a joint news conference, the EU officials also announced the bloc's airspace closure to Russia, following in the UK's footsteps as it announced the same on Friday. President Von der Leyen said: "We are proposing a prohibition on all Russian-owned, Russian-registered and Russian-controlled aircraft. "These aircraft will no more be able to land in, take off or overfly the territory of the European Union. This will apply to any plane. "Our airspace will be closed to every Russian plane. And that includes the private jets of oligarchs too."  In another first, the Union has announced it is buying weapons for Ukraine to further support the country as it fights against the Kremlin's attacks. Von der Leyen said: "For the first time ever, the European Union will finance the purchase and delivery of weapons and other equipment to a country that is under attack." Mr Borrell said in a statement: "Another taboo has fallen. The taboo that the European Union was not providing arms in a war." An EU Commission source told Reuters it planned to spend 450 million euros in EU funds on the weapons, and an additional 50 million on other items including medical supplies.