Oti Mabuse who has been a part of the Strictly Come Dancing professional team has announced her time on the show has come to an end. She has seen plenty of success on the show, which includes winning two years in a row with Kelvin Fletcher and Bill Bailey. In a statement from the BBC, it was confirmed she is moving on and was praised for being part of the family. A statement posted on the official Strictly Come Dancing Twitter read: "Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. "Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show's most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers by the entire team. "She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years. "We couldn't have been prouder of Oti and what she has achieved.'' READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' They concluded: "She will always be at the very heart of our Strictly family and we wish her every success in her already bright future." In a statement released on social media, Oti said: “I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. “Lifting the Glitterball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and professional dancers! You are my family and I adore you all forever. “I’m honestly so grateful to the BBC and will always remember that Strictly and the BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank You from the bottom of my heart.  “I can’t put in to words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. “Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family, friends, Strictly fans who have been my support throughout my Strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made every day unforgettable! I love you. “I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!” Her colleagues rushed to send their well wishes and share their heartache over her exit. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [WATCH]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [LATEST] 1566916 Giovanni Pernice replied: “Good luck for the future queen,” while Graziano di Prima added: “My friend!! I’m gonna miss you so so much!! you are a star my darling!! I had the pleasure to share the stage with you!!” Dan Walker shared: “Oti you are an absolute star. It was a pleasure to watch you on Strictly as a viewer and a privilege to get to know you last season too. Take care of yourself. See you soon my friend.” “Will miss ya oti. Go and be the superstar that you are x,” Kai Widdrington commented. Her sister Motsi Mabuse added: “It’s time to fly baby girl! I am so proud of you, fearless, courageous and so looking forward to seeing your dreams come true.”  Neil Jones posted: “Babes babes what can I say, you know I will miss you because who else am I just going to with just by looking at them because you know what I’m thinking. “Im so proud of everything you are doing just please remember my name the next time we meet and answer your phone you little diva.” (sic) Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.