Michael Gray (played by Finn Cole) was banished from the Shelby business in season five after revealing his plans to take over the family business. However, Peaky Blinders showrunner Steven Knight has teased in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk that Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) may end up regretting turning his back on his cousin. In the most recent series, Tommy grew frustrated with Michael after learning of his betrayal. Michael, together with his wife Gina Gray (Anya Taylor-Joy), formulated a plan to restructure the Shelby company in the US and put himself in charge. Tommy was furious with his cousin and threw his proposal into the fireplace. Gina explained that those in the US no longer want to deal with the Peaky Blinders but Tommy refused to listen and banished Michael. Read more: Peaky Blinders: Helen McCrory's role in final season teased Creator Steven has teased the tension between the two cousins will continue to simmer in the final season. He told Express.co.uk: “I think it's apparent from the first episode that there is going to be a major conflict between those two characters.” The showrunner was asked whether Michael is driven by a need to gain Tommy’s respect. “Approval, yeah exactly that. I've always felt that he wants to be the modern, improved version of Tommy," he agreed. “But unfortunately for him, Tommy is not prepared to become the old version yet and so there's always going to be a conflict.” Will Michael find a way to overthrow Tommy as the leader of the Shelby empire? Michael and Gina warned the Shelby leader about the Peaky Blinders’ reputation in the US. Gina may use her family connections to convince business partners in the US of Michael’s reputable standing. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders: Michael Gray’s death sealed as star drops spoiler?  [SPOILER]Peaky Blinders boss details Tommy Shelby's 'biggest enemy'  [INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders' Sophie Rundle ‘still reeling’ from Helen McCrory loss [INSIGHT] Season five concluded with Tommy breaking down after the failed Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Clafin) assassination plot. The Shelby brother felt responsible for the deaths of several members of his extended clan. With Tommy struggling to cope in the aftermath of the plot, Michael may exploit his cousin’s weakness. Meanwhile, the showrunner opened up on the parallels of the Peaky Blinders timeline with current world events. He explained: “We got lucky in that way that because I always do a two-year jump and it started in 1919 and whenever you look at what was going on, somehow, the things that were going on, when we land have resonance with the things that are going on at the moment. “It's lucky for us, unlucky for the world, but you know, we've arrived at a time where there's a lot of nationalism and fascism, and that's reflected in what was going on at the time. “And so I've reflected that in the series and there are a lot of parallels that are sort of quite spooky, in that I couldn't have predicted that’s where we're going to land. “But it just so happens, it seems to be very resonant of the times.” Peaky Blinders returns to BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.