Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, found fame after sharing ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. Inspired by the cleaning guru, fans of hers have created their own Facebook groups dedicated to sharing cleaning hacks with one another. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove brown stains from her toilet seat. Amie Hackney wrote: “Is there any possible way I could get this off the toilet seat? I’ve tried all bathroom sprays, bleach, scrubbing brushes and nothing gets it off.” Toilets are grubby by nature and require a strict cleaning regime to remain as hygienic as possible. They are by far the dirtiest things touched in a home, so they should at least be cleaned weekly. READ MORE: Inside Princess Anne's 700-acre 'normal everyday house' Gatcombe Park The post was inundated with over 100 comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans eager to share their best recommendations. The most popular solution was to use the 2p coin trick. Elaine Knapton commented: “A 2p coin takes it off in seconds.” Lindsay Oxlade said: “You can scrape it off with a 2p coin.” DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]How to wash your bed sheets - why you need to wash them every week [TIPS]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] Michelle Davidson agreed: “You can use a 2p coin for this, it works a treat.” Beck Morson explained: “Mine was like this, I tried everything and in the end the 2p trick got it off. It was gone in seconds. “Literally, it’s so easy, just rub a 2p coin over it.” Shaunna Wheeldon added: “Use a 2p coin. We had the exact same problem, only much worse. This worked like a dream for us.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using the Pink Stuff paste. Debbie Węgrzyn said: “Pink Stuff pastę and a scrubber, I’ve done mine and it came up like new. With three males in the house I wasn’t hopeful but it worked a treat.” Colette Beattie agreed: “Pink Stuff paste will take it right off.” Caroline Connie recommended: “Pink Stuff, I professionally cleaned a private house and I used this and 40 minutes later it was clean.” Robyn Marie Bools added: “Pink Stuff worked wonders on my toilet.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested more natural methods to clean toilet seats. Sarah Smith said: “I rub a fresh lemon cut in half over it and add some baking soda on top.” Samantha Smitten suggested: “Distilled white vinegar will get the stains off in no time.”