The spectre of nuclear war raised its head over the weekend as Mr Putin, in a national address, declared western statements against his regime "unacceptable", and ordered Russia's armed forces to stay at the ready. His "special" order extends to the country's deterrent capabilities, which includes Russia's nuclear arsenal, a collection of 5,977 warheads and the most in the world. Experts have said the move shows Mr Putin is becoming increasingly irrational, and some people have piled their hopes on his advisors to help guide him away from launching a devastating conflict. Mr Putin is at the centre of a shrinking inner circle, analysts believe, consisting of people helping him believe he is in control of the situation. Speaking to the Harvard Gazette a day after his announcement, Alexandra Vacroux, executive director of Harvard University’s Davis Center for Russian and Eurasian Studies, disclosed how small that group could be. She told the publication he "doesn’t need many people to feel like he’s controlling the country". READ MORE: World War 3 warning: NATO troops on ground in Ukraine When he made his announcement on Saturday, it was to the Russian Security Council. The council has primary control over the country's defensive and offensive measures. There are currently 13 permanent members and another 18 non-permanent. Each one reports to President Putin, who sits at the top of the council's chain as chairman. Security Council members include: Response to the speech he made on Saturday earned the Security Council's members a swift reprimand alongside Mr Putin. Leading the way, the US Treasury announced a selection of people who would receive renewed sanctions. In a statement, the department said it had coordinated with "allies and partners", to sanction "Vladimir Putin and the Minister of Foreign Affairs". The statement added that it had sanctioned "other members of Russia’s Security Council". Their designation sees Mr Putin follow in the footsteps of other sanctioned world leaders. At present, the Treasury is also sanctioning North Korean premier Kim Jong-Un, Belarus' Alexander Lukashenko and Syria's Bashar al-Assad. The department concluded: "As President, Putin is the Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Armed Forces currently undertaking an unjustified incursion into a sovereign European state. "No one individual is more responsible for Russia’s war against Ukraine, destabilisation of Russia’s neighbours, the suffering of the Ukrainian people, and years of Russian malign activities globally."