Doctor Strange in the Multiverse Madness may be the next MCU blockbuster to hit cinemas in May, but the Benedict Cumberbatch sequel will be closely followed by Thor 4 aka Thor Love and Thunder this July. Thor Ragnarok director Taika Waititi returns for what he says is “the craziest film I've ever done”. And now Marvel have shared exciting images for the film’s LEGO and Hasbro toys even before the first trailer, giving fans some new information on the secretive project. Marvel showed off three Titan Hero Series action figures of Chris Hemsworth’s Thor in blue, Natalie Portman’s Mighty Thor and Taika’s Korg. Alongside Thor Love and Thunder toy versions of Stormbreaker and Mjölnir, there’s also an intriguing LEGO set of The Goat Boat. Looking closely at the Viking ship marked “Asgard Tours”, we see two goats pulling it along with Thor, Mighty Thor, Korg and Tessa Thompson’s King Valkyrie aboard. Also included in the set is Christian Bale’s Gorr the God Butcher who looks just as ghostly as his comic book counterpart. Thor Love and Thunder’s plot is well under wraps, but given there’s a Viking Ship involved suggests a journey of some kind, presumably in Outer Space. Aside from this latest look, there’s been rumours that Peter Dinklage will be reprising Eitri, King of the Dwarves of Nidavellir, from Avengers Infinity War. His character famously helped Thor wield Stormbreaker after Mjölnir was destroyed by Hela in Thor Ragnarok. At one point the Game of Thrones star’s makeup artist was listed on the IMDB page for Thor Love and Thunder and now the actor himself has addressed if he’s in the upcoming summer blockbuster. Speaking with the Empire podcast while promoting Cyrano, Dinklage said how he doesn’t like repeating himself and would love to star in a sci-fi movie. The interviewer pointed out how technically he was in space when playing Eitri in Avengers Infinity War. And after she asked if the 52-year-old was done with the MCU, he cryptically alluded to Thor Love and Thunder saying: “Well there’s another Thor movie there coming, isn’t there, that Taika’s directed? What? I didn’t say anything? I didn’t say anything. What? What? What?” DON'T MISSBohemian Rhapsody: Freddie and Mary were closer than everyone realised [FREDDIE MERCURY]X-Men actor denies Doctor Strange 2 cameo - blames 'imitator' [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Thor Love and Thunder theory: Christian Bale Gorr to face three Thors [THEORY] Dinklage added: “If you die in a Marvel movie it doesn’t mean that it’s your last Marvel movie. Now there’s TV shows. It’s Marvel world.” Eitri didn’t die in Avengers Infinity War, but the actor’s point stands that his character could show up again for whatever reason in another MCU outing. Given that he shared scenes with the God of Thunder in the 2018 movie makes a lot of sense for him to return in Thor 4. Thor Love and Thunder is released in cinemas on July 8, 2022.