A new generation of Norse warriors will be introduced on Netflix this Friday once the first season of Vikings: Valhalla is finally unveiled. Set 100 years after the original History Channel drama, which wrapped up its sixth and final season on Amazon Prime Video in 2020, the producers have broken their silence on why the series’ creator Michael Hirst decided to move the story forward. Showrunner Jeb and executive producer Morgan O’Sullivan have opened up about Michael’s decision to end the original Vikings series. The new sequel/spin-off will release its debut season later this week and introduce history buffs to a new cabal of kings, soldiers and explorers. Originally led by legendary warrior Ragnar Lothbrok (played by Travis Fimmel), newcomer Sam Corlett takes the lead this time round as Icelandic adventurer Leif Eriksson. Fans may take some time to warm up to the new cast, but Jeb and Morgan have explained it was necessary to bring the Norse story into another century. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' In a recent interview, Jeb explained to Netflix: “Morgan, who was an executive producer on the original Vikings show and now on Vikings: Valhalla as well, approached me about three years ago. I also knew Michael Hirst, the creator and writer of Vikings. “They both made it clear that they didn’t want to do a seventh season of the previous show, but that they wanted to push the story into the future, and asked me to figure out a home for that narrative. That’s where the process started.” Michael wrote the scripts for every single episode of Vikings by himself, so it’s no surprise he was keen to bring the series to a close after an impressive eight-year run.  While still on as a producer for Valhalla, the original showrunner is taking a backseat to let Jeb and Morgan take charge of the follow-up. As he prepares his next TV project, a series based on Billy the Kid, Michael was still keen to be involved in the future of Vikings - on one condition. Producer Morgan explained: “He wrote 89 episodes and, understandably, was ready to do something else. “But he said that if we ever decided to continue the story, he would still be involved. I started to look for someone who could move into a role similar to Michael’s.” DON'T MISS:9-1-1 Lone Star fans in tears as favourite killed off-screen [REACTION]Another Life’s Katee Sackhoff pens heartfelt farewell [COMMENT]The Walking Dead’s Alden star breaks silence on exit [INSIGHT] Jeb and Morgan had previously worked together on a miniseries called The Liberator, a four-part World War II drama released on Netflix in 2020. He also knew Jeb from his work as a screenwriter on some of Hollywood’s most iconic action movies, namely Die Hard and The Fugitive. Morgan continued: “[His movies] marry action and character so well, which is exactly what we wanted to do in Valhalla. “I said to Michael, ‘This is the guy, I think he can do it.’ Jeb came over here to Ireland and we spent many happy times talking about the vision for the show.” The new series may be set over a century after Ragnar’s original travels, but fans can rest assured much of the creative team have returned to ensure Michael’s legacy on the show is respected. Jeb added: “I think original fans of the Vikings show will find a lot of key elements that are similar; the accuracy, the depth of the characters, the suspense, the terrific action.” All eight episodes of Valhalla will be released on Friday, so it won’t be long until Vikings fans find out if the new spin-off lives up to the hype. Vikings: Valhalla season 1 will be released on Friday, February 25 on Netflix.