By last night, UN Refugee Agency estimates suggested 368,000 had successfully made it out of their war-torn homeland. But their future remains uncertain. Among them was a 35-year-old woman who gave birth just hours after walking 25 miles to the border and then standing in a queue for 20 hours. She's in hospital now and the baby is said to be doing OK. But despite the plunging temperatures and increasingly frantic scenes on both sides of the border, the Ukrainians I met appeared unfazed by being at the centre of the biggest humanitarian crisis Europe has faced since the Second World War. Kateryna Moroz, 34, travelled for three days from Kyiv with her daughter Mira, nine, and mother Natalia, 55. Following journeys by bus and train, they finally crossed the Polish border yesterday afternoon after a 12-mile walk. The factory manager said: "We slept in the train terminal in Lviv like horses in a stable last night. We wanted to get a train out, but it was too busy. Everyone was pushing and shoving and fighting to get on them." "It was crazy. I'm so tired but very glad we have finally made it here to safety. Now I will pray for our country and the men left behind." Accountant Uliana Veselovska and her nine-year-old daughter Ivanka were greeted by heavy snow while getting their first glimpse of the small Polish border town of Medyka. The pair left Uliana's parents behind in Kolomyia after witnessing Russian bombs rain down on their home city on Thursday. Uliana said: "We have left everything behind and I would have stayed if we could, but it just wasn't possible. There was bombing just three miles away." "Ivanka was crying her eyes out when it first started and I knew we had to get out. I told her "don't worry, I will look after you." "She doesn't understand why this war is happening, but then neither do I. I'm very scared for my parents and our friends." Around nine in 10 Ukrainian refugees are heading west for Poland, where a rescue operation is now in full swing. The government has opened eight official reception centres along the shared 332-mile border and humanitarian charities - and private businesses - are pitching in to help. I visited one in Medyka yesterday, where refugees are being offered clothes, water, fruit, hot food, power banks, candles and medical services. But although the help and services on offer has vastly improved in recent days, there has also been an influx of foreign men taking advantage of relaxed border controls. They are now competing with the women and children to board free buses and trains laid on by the authorities. The situation led to clashes yesterday as organisers pushed the men, shouting at them to "get back!". One man, who said he had been living in Kyiv but was originally from Somalia, accused organisers of racism. He said: "I have been trying to get on a bus here for seven hours, but they keep pushing everyone else ahead of us. I realise families need help, but we're being treated like second-class citizens." But there were also heartwarming examples of hope. I met a charming couple, Anna and Lucas, both aged in their 20s, who had hired a sevenseater minibus in Krakow and drove three hours after being inspired to help those in need. Anna said: "We paid for the minibus ourselves and will fill it with people and drive them back to Krakow where they can stay with us. It is only a small thing, but we wanted to do what we could." At one reception centre, Monika Kotulk, of the Red Cross, warned that some children were understandably finding it difficult being taken away from home and moved to another country with little notice. She said: "There is an overwhelming sadness here today. We are seeing lots of very small children, from really tiny babies, to three, four and five-year-olds, going up to teenagers. "Many of them seem not to realise fully what is happening, which is partially good, but I can see the fear in their eyes and that they feel lost. They are arriving exhausted and are very frightened." "One child suffered a panic attack yesterday and a really strong headache as she hadn't been able to drink or eat for 36 hours." Monika added: "I worry about the long-term effect this is going to have on them. Here we can help, "But they will need to be taken care of in the months and years to come as the full effects of what they have been through will cause trauma for them and their families for a long time." The refugee crisis has led to appeals from across the world. The British Red Cross has launched an emergency fundraiser at donate.redcross.org.uk. And, in a location that could not be more further removed, Hollywood's Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively have pledged to match donations up to £750,000 to support the refugees. The stars urged fans to donate to humanitarian charity USA For UNHCR to help the thousands of citizens displaced following Russia's invasion, and said they would double the support shown.