The Russian assault on the Ukrainian capital has been met with fierce resistance, with the Ukrainian military having said in a Facebook post earlier today that an army unit had repelled enemy forces near its base on a major city street. In a new video posted to social media, President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “We won't lay down our arms. We will defend our state.” As Russian troops bore down on Kyev,  Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge today delivered a message of solidarity to the people of Ukraine.   In a rare public statement on political issues the royal couple tweeted that they “stand with Ukraine’s people” following the invasion by Russia. The tweet was accompanied by a picture of the Cambridges meeting Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The couple said: “In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. “Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future.” Read More: 'Out of sync' William & Charles dealt warning over Royal Family It is not the first time the Duke of Cambridge has dropped his veil of neutrality with regards to Putin however. In 2019, William made a rare political comment during a speech in Stockholm in which he assured the people of Sweden “your security concerns are ours”. His comments came during a week fraught with tension for the Scandinavian country, as Putin ratcheted up Russia’s military presence in the Baltic region. William told his audience at the Fotografiska Gallery in Stockholm: “Tomorrow we are looking forward to meeting representatives of Sweden’s armed forces.   “There is a Swedish saying that I won’t attempt to say in Swedish but which translates in English something like, ‘It matters to you too when a neighbour's wall is on fire.’ “Your security concerns are ours, and it is hugely important that we continue to work ever more closely together to reduce threats.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle also released a statement in support of the people of Ukraine. In a statement posted to their Archewell website on Thursday the couple strongly condemned Putin's invasion of the neighbouring Ukraine. Don't Miss:Queen's favourite TV show unveiled: 'She can recite one-liners!'[ANALYSIS]POLL: Do royal scandals bother you, or is monarchy strong as ever?[OPINION]Cressida Bonas broke up with Harry after being 'spooked' by Kate[INSIGHT] The Sussexes wrote: “Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against the breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same.” On Friday UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement to the House of Commons that “we will be imposing asset freezes on more than 100 new entities and individuals, on top of the hundreds that we have already announced.” Downing Street confirmed that five oligarchs known to be close to the Kremlin will be sanctioned, including Putin’s former son-in-law Kirill Shamalov. Mr Johnson added that included in the 100 businesses targeted would be “all the major manufacturers that support Putin’s war machine.”  He labelled the measures as the “largest set of sanctions ever imposed anywhere by the UK Government.” Meanwhile, the EU also agreed upon a fresh set of sanctions, which targeted Russia’s energy, financial and transport sectors among other things. Elsewhere President Joe Biden announced the US new wave of sanctions against Russia. Mr Biden said the sanctions had been designed to cause “maximum long-term impact” on Russia, while minimising the impact on allies. He added that the US was deploying forces to Germany to bolster Nato in the face of Vladimir Putin’s “naked aggression”. Mr Biden said that “freedom will prevail” after Mr Putin “chose this war”. 