Virgin Media has dropped its £35 set-up fee for a limited time. The one-off cost is pricier than most rival competitors, with BT charging £9.99 for its priciest bundles and Sky charging £19.95 for its broadband plans. Unfortunately, the dreaded £35 upfront fee will be back after midnight on Wednesday February 23, 2022. So, you'll need to act fast if you want to swerve the extra charge. The latest broadband deal comes just a few weeks before record price rises are scheduled to impact millions of customers across the UK. Virgin Media has already confirmed that out-of-contract customers will face an average increase of £4.70 a month. That's around £56.40 extra to be paid each year for the same speeds and service. Sky has confirmed that customers will be faced with an extra £43 a year starting from April 1, 2022. Meanwhile, BT, Vodafone, Plusnet, and EE customers will see broadband bills increase by 9.3 percent in the coming weeks. That's the biggest price increase in years. And coupled with the upcoming increases in energy and tax bills, millions of families face spiralling costs. As such, any opportunity to slash your monthly bills – like the current batch of deals from Virgin Media – is incredibly important. It's worth noting that Virgin Media is only increasing prices for customers who are out-of-contract. Signing up for a new deal with the company will ensure your current monthly price is locked in for the duration of the contract, which is usually 18-months. That's a stark contrast with BT, Sky, Vodafone, Plusnet, and EE, which will be hiking monthly bills for all customers, including those within their minimum contract term. Virgin Media has a number of great deals at the moment, including £25 a month for its Broadband + Phone bundle. For that, you'll enjoy average fibre broadband speeds of 108Mbps and an upload speed of 10Mbps. You'll get an unlimited download allowance too, so you don't need to worry about incurring any extra charges after a boxset binge in 4K Ultra HD. You'll also enjoy unlimited weekend calls to UK landlines and Virgin Mobile numbers. And if you needed another reason to pick this plan, you'll also be eligible for O2 Priority. The latter is now available to both O2 and Virgin Media customers following the £31 billion merger between the two companies last year and offers free coffees, discounts to lunch deals, and early access to gig tickets. MORE LIKE THISVirgin Media just removed an unwelcome charge for all customers If you need something a little speedier, you can boost your download speeds to 213Mbps for just £31 a month. Like the deal above, you'll also benefit from unlimited downloads and unlimited calls to UK landlines and Virgin Mobile numbers at the weekends. There are also O2 Priority perks, like the pre-sale access to some of the biggest gigs in the country. Elsewhere, those who are happy with their current smartphone might want to consider the Volt Fibre Broadband + Phone bundle, which combines download speeds of 516Mbps, upload speeds of 36Mbps, unlimited weekend calls to UK landlines and Virgin Mobile numbers, as well as an O2 SIM deal with 10GB of 5G data each month. You'll be able to take that with mobile data with you to 75 destinations around the globe at no extra cost, thanks to O2 Travel Inclusive Zone. Priced at £49 a month (with no setup fee for a limited time), you'll also be able to claim WiFi Pods at no extra cost to eradicate any black holes in your Wi-Fi coverage at home. These small mesh Wi-Fi nodes help to boost and extend your network. You can find the complete list of all broadband and tell deals available from Virgin Media right now, by clicking here. Or see how they compare against the best broadband deals in the UK right now.