New Mercedes man George Russell was left concerned after his first taste of pre-season testing with the Silver Arrows. All F1 teams were in Barcelona this week to gauge the pace of their adapted cars, which have had to be significantly adapted for the 2022 campaign in order to adhere to the new technical regulations that have been introduced into the sport. The measures are designed to help make racing more competitive, although the three days of action in Spain produced results to suggest there was no immediate danger to the current hierarchy. Lewis Hamilton was quickest with teammate Russell second, while the Red Bull duo of Sergio Perez and world champion Max Verstappen followed behind them. The two Ferrari drivers, Carlos Sainz jnr and Charles Leclerc, were fifth and sixth quickest respectively. However, despite the positive results, Russell was left perturbed after deliberately following McLaren's Lando Norris on the final day. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton responds when asked where Mercedes stand vs Red Bull, Ferrari and McLaren "We can follow closer but, from what we've seen, the slipstream effect is definitely less effective," Russell told the BBC. "I got right up behind Lando and I was a car length or two behind him and I couldn't catch him down the straight, so that was slightly concerning. Let's see." Russell, 24, didn't waste any time in embarking on further preparation, flying straight home after his media duties on Friday to the Mercedes base in the UK to continue working on the simulator. Norris meanwhile, who this month signed a new deal tying him up to McLaren until the end of the 2025 campaign, had mixed feelings over the perceived slipstream issues. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton pulled Max Verstappen aside as feud reached boiling pointHelmut Marko disagrees with George Russell over McLaren as he makes sponsor jokeF1 testing: Five things we learned as Lewis Hamilton fastest for Mercedes on final day "There is a positive and a negative from it. I don't know which one is the bigger effect at the minute," he said. McLaren have been tipped to emerge as serious challengers this season via the partnership of Norris and Daniel Ricciardo, but the British driver still believes it will be Mercedes in pole position - literally - come the opening race weekend in Bahrain on March 18-20. "Mercedes never look that good in testing," he added. "If they are good in testing, it probably means they are going to be incredible by the first race. "We can see a picture. I think we are in a decent position. But Mercedes and Ferrari have looked very good since day one. They have been at the top of the timesheets and their long-run pace looks good." Regardless, the testing sessions were overshadowed by the harrowing situation in the Ukraine, with the country the subject of a Russian invasion. As a result, the Russian Grand Prix in Sochi has been axed from the 2022 calendar. It had originally been scheduled for Sunday, September 25. 