A customer of the bank has shared her story about falling victim to this particular type of fraud which saw her lose around £100,000. Remaining anonymous, the woman explained how two years after her husband passed away she joined a dating site and started speaking to a man who said he was called Gerald. He claimed to be a business owner from Milton Keynes who was away for work in Dubai, so therefore was not readily available to meet in the UK. However, they decided to swap numbers to message via WhatApp. He then went on to say he was having money issues. “Most communication was through WhatsApp although we also spoke over the phone,” the HSBC customer shared. “Towards the end of February, he began to mention that he was having cash flow problems with his business. In order to complete the building project, he said he needed a short-term loan of funds.” Asking for cash, he told her he would repay her when the project he was working on was complete which caused “alarm bells” to go off in the bank customer’s head. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  “Gerald” sent over a copy of his passport, shipping documents and a link to a website which apparently showed his company Gerald Symonds Electrical. All of these were later revealed to be fake. She added: “He also sent an image of a cheque for £2million which was due to him on completion of the project.” The HSBC customer decided to send over some money from an account with another bank, transferring £54,000. From her HSBC account, she transferred £42,000 to “Gerald” who told her to say it was for home renovations if she was asked, which she was actually having done at the time.  A team member at her local HSBC branch noticed the payment and got in touch to inquire about why it was being made. Despite dismissing her bank’s concerns, she made one more payment for supposed “health and safety checks" - meaning she had spent around £100,000 paying for her believed romantic partner’s project. Later, trying to make another payment, HSBC’s Banking Protocol scheme called the police and uncovered the romance scam. It turned out that “Gerald” was a fake persona created by fraudsters to con women by pursuing an intense and fast-moving online relationship. On its website, HSBC offers advice as to how people can identify and expose romance scams before they lose any money. The bank stated: “Take extra care at this time of year to guard against romance scams. “Fraudsters are known to target victims around Valentine's Day, setting up fake profiles on dating websites, apps and social media. “These criminals exploit the emotions of their victims. First they try to appeal to your compassionate side, then they start asking for money. “Typically, they might tell you they live outside the UK and claim they need money to pay for the cost of travelling to see you. Never send money to someone you've only met online.” Those who believe they have been targeted by a romance scam should contact Action Fraud to report their case.