Nadal navigated a tough draw that included four of the top five ranked players in the world. Daniil Medvedev, Alexander Zverev, Stefanos Tsitsipas and Nadal were all competing for the title in Acapulco. The 35-year-old has now won every tournament he has entered in 2022. In January, his Australian Open success helped him move ahead of Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic to become the all-time leading Grand Slam champion with 21. JUST IN: Medvedev 'doesn't care' if he plays Djokovic role after Nadal loss But despite that record, Nadal has admitted it would have been inconceivable to think he would have won the Mexican Open even a few weeks ago. "At the end of the day I've always said that this kind of records needs to be measured once your career is over," Nadal said. "Today the most important thing is that I have won a prestigious tournament. "[Acapulco] is a tournament that started with five of the top six players in the world.  "It was complicated, and I ended up taking the victory. Looking back, a few weeks ago this would have looked impossible. “It's amazing how things can change in such a short span, from not being able to practice and now to be where I am today. "It's been a long career. The first time I came here, everything was new for me, and after all these years you start to appreciate more each victory than when you were an 18-year-old boy." Nadal was comfortable in a straight-sets victory over Britain’s Norrie, winning 6-4, 6-4. DON'T MISS...Russian tennis player Andrey Rublev writes 'no war please' on cameraUkraine tennis icon Sergiy Stakhovsky joins military to fight RussiansNadal told Norrie to stop whinging in heated clash - 'Just accept it' The 35-year-old failed to drop a single set throughout the tournament, such was his excellent form. "I played against him before, so I had an idea on how to play him,” said a disappointed Norrie. “But I gave him a couple of easy points and he gave me nothing. “It was little bit of lack of concentration, and I gave him the match." 