Comic book movies are embracing the multiverse this year with Marvel’s Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness and DC’s The Flash. The latter, set for release in November, sees Ezra Miller’s speedster travel back in time and attempt to save his mother’s life. However, this has drastic effects on the DCEU timeline and somehow sees him come face to face not only with one of his variants but a different Batman played by Michael Keaton. Ben Affleck’s Batman also returns in The Flash in what he teases will be a nice finish for his take on the Dark Knight. And according to a new report, two more members of his Justice League team will feature in the movie. Obviously, take this with a pinch of salt, but Screen Geek claims: “We’ve learned that Aquaman actor Jason Momoa and Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot will both be appearing in the upcoming film The Flash.” Apparently, both the multiverse movie and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom will be more connected than fans might have initially suspected. Aquaman 2 hits cinemas just a month later, so maybe the multiverse mayhem of The Flash affects Jason Momoa’s sequel. Perhaps the future of the DCEU timeline will be drastically changed by the events of these movies? Or what if the Aquaman and Wonder Woman who feature in The Flash are variants of the ones we’ve seen in recent DC blockbusters? Whatever the case, Keaton’s Batman will also feature in HBO Movie Batgirl later this year too. DON'T MISS'I was scared' The Batman's Paul Dano 'lost sleep' over intense scenes [RIDDLER]The Batman: Robert Pattinson film ‘left girlfriend sobbing’ [THE BATMAN]The Batman: Robert Pattinson had 'panic-attack' while filming [R-BATZ] Other DC movies from Warner Bros in 2022 include The Batman, which stars Robert Pattinson as Bruce Wayne in a totally different universe to Keaton and Affleck’s Dark Knights. That’s released next week. Then there’s also The Rock’s Black Adam which hits cinemas in late July. As for 2023, fans will be treated to Shazam! Fury of the Gods and Blue Beetle. The Flash lands in cinemas on November 4 and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom will follow on December 16, 2022.