Claimants of Carer’s Allowance have certain obligations to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), the Government body which administers benefit payments. Specifically, those who are in receipt of this payment must inform the DWP of any current or pending changes to their circumstances. This is because potential changes could affect how much someone receives in their Carer’s Allowance payment. Currently, the present rate of Carer’s Allowance is £67.60 per week. This means that claimants would be set to lose £270.40 a month if they do not report changes to the DWP. The benefit payment is awarded to unpaid carers who look after someone for at least 35 hours a week, completing tasks such as cooking and cleaning. However, in order to get this extra support, the person they are looking after must be in receipt of certain qualifying benefit payments. These qualifying benefits include the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment, Attendance Allowance and the middle or higher rate of Disability Living Allowance. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Examples of changes which could affect an unpaid carer’s claim include changing jobs or starting full-time education. Those who have come to the end of full-time education must also inform the DWP of their status. Furthermore, Carer’s Allowance recipients must update the Government if there are any changes to their income. One of the most important changes which the DWP must be notified about is if the unpaid carer stop carrying out their caring responsibilities. DON'T MISS As well as this, if the person who is being looked after by the carer stops getting their qualifying benefit payments, this would count as a major change of circumstances. When it comes to other benefit payments, if someone else who looks after the same person as the unpaid carer gets Carer’s Allowance, the DWP must be told. This is also the same if the person is in receipt of the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit instead of Carer’s Allowance. Finally, the DWP must be informed if the claimant experiences any changes to their immigration status if they are not a British citizen. Obviously, the Government department will need to be told if the person the unpaid carer is looking after passes away. Failure to adequately report any of these circumstance changes to the DWP could result in Carer’s Allowance recipients being taken to court. Alternatively, the claimant could be charged with a serious financial penalty if they are provided wrong information or withheld crucial facts. Claimants can still receive some of their Carer’s Allowance payment if they temporarily stop looking after someone. This refers to any situation where the unpaid carer spends less than 35 hours a week completing their caring responsibilities. It should be noted that the person who is receiving the care must still be claiming at least one of the qualifying benefits. The DWP must be told if the Carer’s Allowance claimant temporarily stops providing care and they or the person they are looking after will be in hospital, a nursing home, or respite care for over 12 weeks. Recipients of the DWP benefit may need to repay any amount they received if they have been overpaid and did not report the change immediately.