Formula 1 fans and Express readers have voted overwhelmingly in favour of the FIA’s decision to cancel the Russian Grand Prix. In a separate vote, fans also believe there should be longer term ramifications regarding the future of the race. After Sebastian Vettel and world champion Max Verstappen called to boycott the race, it was confirmed the Russian Grand Prix had been cancelled following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. F1 decided the race was ‘impossible to hold in the current circumstances’ after president Vladimir Putin decided to move into the neighbouring territory on Thursday. The Russian Grand Prix was scheduled for September 25. When asked if the Russian Grand Prix should go ahead in 2022, 94.5% - approximately 4,299 readers - of Express F1 fans voted no. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes retirement confession ahead of new F1 season It left 4.7% voting yes - perhaps Mercedes fans as the Silver Arrows have won each iteration of the race since it joined the calendar in 2014. Another question asked whether fans thought the Russian Grand Prix should be removed from the Formula 1 schedule in the foreseeable future - with an another clear winner. An immense 93.5% voted for the race to be removed, while 4.7% - just 214 of the 4,549 who took part in the poll - voted for the Russian Grand Prix to return to the calendar soon. A small minority - 1.9% of fans - voted that they were unsure. DON'T MISSFour drivers who could replace Nikita Mazepin if he is dropped by HaasLando Norris disagrees with Hamilton and Russell after F1 testingHaas reveal first choice driver to replace Nikita Mazepin The 4,549 fans also answered the final question, which asked whether readers were happy with F1’s statement released after Russia invaded Ukraine. It was the tightest vote of the three, with 39.1% - 1,779 readers - insisting they were OK with the statement while 38.7% - 1,760 readers - voted they were not happy with the statement. It meant 1,010 readers, amounting to 22.2% of the vote, said they were ‘not sure’ how they felt about the statement. The FIA’s statement came on Friday February 25, after Russia had invaded Ukraine the previous day. “The FIA Formula One World Championship visits countries all over the world with a positive vision to unite people, bringing nations together,” read the statement. “We are watching the developments in Ukraine with sadness and shock and hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to the present situation. “On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances.” The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.