Daniel Craig just concluded his James Bond tenure with the release of No Time To Die. After taking on the character in 2005 with the release of Casino Royale, the race is once again on to find the next 007. For years, Idris Elba has been a fan-favourite choice, with recent odds proving it, but the star has other ideas. In a brand-new interview, he discussed he might have put the final nail in the Bond conversation. Elba has recently been starring in hit after hit, including The Suicide Squad and Fast & Furious: Hobbs & Shaw. Even his casting as Knuckles in the upcoming Sonic the Hedgehog 2 has proven to be immensely popular, showing the bankability and reliability of the actor.  Since first being cast in the BBC's Luther (which is currently filming a feature-length movie), viewers have been drawing a connection between his hardened detective and the British superspy. There is countless fan-art online, petitions for him to get the role and just a general expectation that he’ll get the part.    However, that is no longer the case, as the actor has announced plans to “lean away from the acting work.” READ MORE: Paul McCartney branded one Beatles record 'the drug album' Speaking to Vanity Fair, Elba said he wanted to focus on his music career.  He explained: “The thing about making music is it’s a very consuming process. It’s very difficult to shoot a movie and then go off into the studio or make a song. It’s like trying to build a soufflé while making a brick wall.”  He added: “Some may think, well, it will be the death of your acting if your music’s s**t. I’ve dealt with the internal struggle of that over the years. So now I’m at peace and I’ve chosen: This is what I’m doing, and I’m going to do it. Some will love it and some will hate it.”  The star also runs his own production company, Green Door Pictures, something which is continually taking up more of his time. Some of its projects include the films Turn Up Charlie and Tree, and the series In the Long Run. Recently, the company just signed a first-look deal with Apple, giving the studio a new boost in support following a slow start since being founded in 2013.  This comes just as Ladbrokes has given the star a dwindling 13/2 on taking over the Bond role. Recently, actors such as Superman’s Henry Cavill and Bridgerton’s Regé-Jean Page have been leading the odds.  However, this wasn’t always the case, as the franchise’s producer, Barbara Broccoli said she was open to him taking over the part earlier this year. DON'T MISS...Bohemian Rhapsody: What happened to John Deacon? 'Never seen the film' [INSIGHT]Next James Bond: Tom Hardy fights back against Henry Cavill [EXPLAINER]Next James Bond: Henry Cavill steams ahead of Tom Hardy [INSIGHT] Speaking to Deadline’s Crew Call podcast, she admitted “a lot of fans want to see Idris Elba in a tuxedo.”  She explained: "Well, we know Idris, we're friends with him, and he's a magnificent actor. And, you know, it's been part of the conversation, but it's always difficult to have the conversation when you have someone in the seat.  "I think we have decided that until No Time To Die has had its run and Daniel has been able to - well, we've all been able to savour, reap the benefits of Daniel's wonderful tenure, we're not gonna think about, or talk about anybody else, actors to play the role or storylines. We just want to live in the moment." Fans worried Elba might be quitting acting forever should know that he has four movies currently in production including Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Three Thousand Years of Longing, Beast and the Luther movie.