 March and April have always been the peak annual testing season, because that’s when most new cars first hit the road, following the first new number plate release of each year. But on March 19, 2020, to increase compliance with Covid restrictions, the Government gave drivers a six-month extension – deferring thousands of MOTs until later in the year.  The upshot of all this is that March is going to be busy on the MOT front, and then demand won’t pick up again until the autumn. Motorists are being urged to make sure they book their test sooner rather than later to avoid driving around without a valid MOT. According to Continental Tyres, it is best to perform a number of checks on their vehicle before taking it to the garage. Data shows that one in two MOT fails is due to a problem with the vehicle’s tyres. READ MORE: Today at the Caravan Show looks at a 'stunning' £750k static caravan  Steve Howat, General Manager for Technical Services at Continental Tyre Group, called on drivers to consider what tyres work best for their vehicle. He said: “Yes, replacement tyres ordered on the spot might get you through your MOT, but they might not be the best option for your car. “Not to mention that you haven’t had a chance to shop around for the best price. “Most garages offer free tyre and brake checks – so why not take advantage before your MOT comes around? DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel prices hit new record high as drivers warned [WARNING]Used car prices hit all-time high as costs could continue to rise [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to 'seek professional advice' with common car issue [INSIGHT]  “That way, you stay in the driving seat and can make the right decisions for you and your car.” In most countries, the legal limit for tread depth on tyres is 1.6mm, to ensure vehicles can grip the road. The grooves in the tyre help to dissipate surface water and reduce the risk of aquaplaning, not to mention improving braking performance. Drivers can check the tread depth themselves, either using a tread gauge, or even using a 20p coin.  When placing the coin into the groove of the tyre, drivers should check whether they can see the border above the tread. If the border of the coin is visible, it is likely that they need a replacement. Mr Howat added: “When changing the tyres on your car, the best option is to replace them with the same tyres the car came with as new. “This will most likely mean investing in premium tyres, which have been developed in partnership with the vehicle manufacturer and which meet the car’s specific requirements.  “Premium tyres feature far more advanced technology than budget alternatives. “Of course, they vary to suit different types of car, but as a general rule they’ll keep you safer, as well as improving vehicle handling and comfort in the cabin.” Regular tyre pressure checks are important and often overlooked – both under- and over-inflation can cause the tyres to wear out faster. Driving habits can also be adapted to ensure tyres aren’t worn through as quickly. Tyre wear will only increase with certain actions like heavy braking, over acceleration, stopping and starting too much, and hovering on the brakes when going downhill.