Duncan McClure Fisher, founder and CEO of MotorEasy said puncture repair kits “can come in very handy” in some situations. They said manufacturers are now opting to give customers repair kits instead of spare tyres which take up boot space. Around a third of new models do not offer a spare tyre meaning repair kits are all some road users have on them. The tools use a sealant which is inserted into the tyre using a pressurised canister. The substance is then transferred around the tyre to block where air is escaping. But, Mr McClure Fisher has also warned of the dangers surrounding the new equipment. READ MORE: Drivers warned of massive £10,000 fines for basic tyre issues He claims the tools can end up “doing more harm than good” in some situations and lead to hefty bills. One of the most severe issues is the risk of damage to tyre pressure sensors. They warn sealant is “near impossible to remove” from these which could force drivers to pay out for expensive repairs He said: “Puncture repair kits provide a quick and easy way to get yourself back on the road and they can come in very handy in an emergency. DON'T MISSMillions of drivers warned of pre-MOT checks before March test surge [INSIGHT]'Too dangerous': Drivers warned of £10,000 fine for tyre fault [COMMENT]Wheel and tyre issues mean EV's 'twice as likely' to break down [ANALYSIS] “But it’s important to know exactly how to use them effectively because they can end up doing more harm than good if used incorrectly. “Sometimes the sealant supplied, either in liquid or foam form, can damage tyres beyond repair if it’s not compatible with your tyre. “It’s not just the tyre that might need replacing as a result of using these kits, many new cars are fitted with tyre pressure sensors which are located directly next to the valve you insert the sealant into. “If the sealant finds its way into the sensor, it's near impossible to remove and you could end up forking out for the cost of a new sensor as well as a new tyre – a disappointing double-whammy.” Confused.com has also warned road users that driving on a recently repaired tyre could cause more damage later down the line. They said: “Although a puncture repair kit could get you safely to a garage where the problem can be dealt with professionally, driving on the repaired tyre could aggravate the original damage. “This might make it less likely that the tyre can be properly fixed and more likely that you’ll have to fork out for a new tyre.” The AA has warned drivers should never try and fix a tyre on a motorway hard shoulder or side of the road. Instead, drivers should turn off at the next road or pull over in a safe place away from traffic. Passengers should get out of the car and wait away from the vehicle and road while the repair takes place.