Vick Hope opened the entertainment news on Monday's Good Morning Britain with a tribute to Jamal Edwards, who died on Sunday at the age of 31. Jamal, who was the son of Loose Women panellist Brenda Edwards, was best known as the founder of film production company, SBTV, as well as his work as an author, director and DJ. Reports emerged on Sunday that Jamal died unexpectedly, his company told BBC. The circumstances surrounding his death have not been confirmed at this point. On Monday's GMB, host Susanna and Vick paid their condolences to their ITV co-star Brenda, as they described Jamal's death as a "terrible loss". "I just want to send my deepest condolences to Jamal's mum, Brenda who we all know and love here at ITV," Vick began. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene  "And all of those that did love him, he was such a pioneer, such a brilliant mind and above all one of the most kindest and positive energies that you could meet. "He really lifted the voices of others and he will be so missed." Susanna continued: "There's a mural in West London that celebrates him. "But you're absolutely right. His mum, our hearts go out to her and his family and all of those devastated by his loss." "It is a terrible loss," the host went on to add. Jamal appeared alongside Brenda on Loose Women in November, where he spoke he admitted that his mum’s “work ethic” played a huge part in his career. He explained: “My friends weren’t being represented in mainstream media, so that’s what inspired me. “But obviously my mum’s work ethic inspired me. I remember going to the pub when she was doing karaoke and doing my homework there." DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant  [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? [SPOILERS]Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION]  Following the news of his death, tributes have poured in on social media with many sharing fond memories of Jamal. Social media star and presenter Munya Chawawa penned: "Rest in Peace, Jamal Edwards. "To think how many dreams were fulfilled and how much potential was discovered because of your platform and work." "What an incredible legacy; thank you," he concluded. Hardy Caprio shared: "Saving one life is something to be proud of. Saving multiple is something to be celebrated for. "Here is a man who saved all of our lives whether you were watching his vids or an artist he gave opportunity. "R.I.P Jamal Edwards. Those good deeds will always follow you." While Brenda's fellow Loose Women star, Denise Welch tweeted: "My heart aches for my friend Brenda. "I can’t bear it. Jamal Edwards was a wonderful son and brother." "Devastated, RIP JAMAL EDWARDS," Yung Filly simply said. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.