During Wednesday's edition of This Morning, hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby were joined by Camilla Tominey and Nick Ferrari to discuss the current headlines. Kate Middleton recently attended an event in Copenhagen which saw the opening of the Lego Foundation Play Lab. While there she commented on feeling broody which led to speculation the Cambridge family could be growing. Phillip said: "Kate was at the Lego Foundation Play Lab in Copenhagen, so great fun and a pretty quick slide as well, but she was saying she was getting a bit broody?" Amused by Kate's comments, Camilla explained: "Yes, she said that she met these two eight-month-olds. "She said that William often says to her 'Stop doing these engagements with children because whenever you come back, she says to him do you think we should have another one?'" Camilla went on to recall having a conversation with Kate about having a third child in the past. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life "I remember speaking to her at an engagement where she had two, and I'd had three children by then or was planning a third or was pregnant. "I said, 'Do you think you would have another one?' and she said, 'Well, William's hesitant, but I would like to.' "I remember reflecting on that if she got pregnant with her third child, we'd know who wore the trousers in that relationship, but there you have it!" Holly asked: "Do you reckon a fourth possibly?" Laughing at the comment, Camilla joked: "Good God, I don't know, I was personally thinking that would be another week outside the Lindo wing!" Whilst at the Children's Museum in Frederiksberg, Kate joked meeting other mothers with young babies always makes her broody. "It makes me very broody," she shared, adding it's cause for concern to her husband, Prince William. "William always worries about me meeting under-one-year-olds. I come home saying, 'Let's have another one!'" DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [WATCH]Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen? [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST] Whilst in Copenhagen, the Duchess of Cambridge also met with Denmark’s Queen Margrethe and Crown Princess Mary at the official royal resident, Christian IX's Palace. Prior to embarking on her trip, a Kensington Palace spokeswoman said of Kate's visit: "The Duchess is looking forward to visiting the country, learning from the Danish people and continuing to build on the already close friendship between the two countries." Kate and William have three children together Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. On Thursday, January 20, the Duke and Duchess visited Church on the Street, a centre providing help to those struggling with poverty and addiction. Whilst posing for photos, Kate was seen holding a couple's baby, cooing over how small she was. Seeing his wife's reaction, William warned: "Don't give her any ideas, you can't take her with you!" as she continued to cling onto the little girl. During a trip to Ireland in 2019, Kate again admitted she felt broody after holding a five-month-old baby. The father asked: "Baby number four?" to which she laughed and said: "I think William would be a little worried." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.