The Restoration Man presenter George Clarke, 47, has issued an update to fans after news broke of his reported break up from wife, Katie Morgan Jones, 42. The architect shared a cryptic post which featured a black and white photograph of him smiling while on-set. George simply captioned the post: “Love life and laugh.”Dozens of the presenter’s 200,000 followers took to the comments to share their well-wishes.Rachel wrote: “Love this photo...keep smiling George and keep laughing, we all love your laugh.”While DT added: “Laughter is the medicine of life in my view.” READ MORE:Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife And Yvonne said: “Never a truer word said.” In a post shared on Saturday, George explained he had spent the previous day at a home building factory and confessed things had been “really tough” but maintained that he is optimistic about the future. The architect posed in front of a house he is working on wearing a hard hat and hi-vis jacket. He penned: “What a fantastic day I had yesterday at our Home Building Factory in Alfreton. “It’s been really, really tough to make it happen, but ‘manufacturing’ new homes in a more controlled, safer, weather-protected environment is 100 percent the way forward! “Innovation isn’t easy. It takes a huge amount of time and investment, but innovation is what the home building industry needs. “We still have a long way to go, but we are at the beginning of an exciting journey to transform the UK Home Building Industry. “There are some amazing, precision-engineered, high-quality new homes in the pipeline, being manufactured to a high standard by an incredible team who I can’t thank enough for all of their hard work and dedication... Very proud.” DON'T MISSSimon Rimmer left fuming as he tells Sunday Brunch viewers to turn off[LATEST]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she ignored Dan Walker's advice[INSIGHT]‘So silly!’ Richard Madeley shuts down Meghan and Harry fans[NEWS] George married senior marketing consultant Katie in Ibiza in 2018. The couple, who would split their time between London and the Cotswolds, have now put their countryside bungalow on the market for £870,000, according to The Sun. At the end of last year, Katie shared some obscure Instagram posts. During a holiday to the Bahamas, she wrote: “Now to the future. After a weird couple of years …it’s time for change.” In another upload, she said she had been through “the most bizarre and traumatic situation” and revealed she had spent lockdowns “isolated on [her] own” as well as “many, many other trials and tribulations, tears and ­revelations”.George's marriage to Katie was his second following his 10-year union with Catriona Drummond.He and Catriona split in 2013 and share three children, Georgie, 18, Emilio, 16 and Iona, 14.