The campaign group responded "#StormFranklin #InsulateBritain #JustStopOil #JUSTDOIT" to an Express.co.uk report on Monday about a stretch of the M1 remaining closed due to flooding. Storm Franklin has sparked evacuations in parts of the UK and caused widespread rush-hour travel disruption with train operators warning customers not to travel. A yellow wind warning covering England, Wales and south-western Scotland was in place until 1pm while an amber warning for Northern Ireland expired at 7am. Last week marked the first time three named storms were recorded within seven days since the system of naming storms started in 2015, with Dudley, Eunice and Franklin. The frequency and intensity of the storms has led some to ask whether climate change is driving more extreme weather events. An Insulate Britain spokesman said that increasing average global temperatures driven by burning fossil fuels such as oil correlate with the increased frequency and intensity of storms.  He added: "We're causing this disruption and there will be greater disruption down the line. Today's event is evidence of that. "Today we're 1.2 degrees above pre-industrial temperatures. The higher that increase becomes, the bigger the frequency and intensity of the storms we expect to see will be. "We have seen three pretty intense storms in the space of a week. The probability is greater that that is connected to global heating than it not being." Bob Ward, Policy and Communications Director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at London School of Economics, told LBC we are in unprecedented territory in relation to climate change.  READ MORE ABOUT BORIS JOHNSON BEING WARNED ABOUT THE BREAK UP OF THE UK He said: "It's very difficult for us to predict what is going to happen and it takes time to accumulate the knowledge of it. It looks as if our weather is becoming weirder and it's linked to the jet stream. "We do have some evidence that it might be climate change that's driving that, because you're getting bigger temperature differences across the northern hemisphere. "It's too early to say and therefore too early to rule out. It's very difficult to predict what's going on. But on the other hand, climate change has such a massive impact on the atmosphere it would be surprising if it isn't having some effect, even if we're having trouble detecting exactly what those impacts are." He added that experts already know that the earth's warmer air in the atmosphere is leading to more intense rainfall and that we are seeing that in rainfall patterns with more years of intense rainfall.  DON'T MISS: Harry set to MISS Philip's memorial service as huge row continues [REVEALED] Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [REPORT] Dementia signs: Trouble completing an everyday task may be a sign [LATEST] Mr Ward concluded: "Overall annual rainfall is increasing. We know that's happening. We're just not sure to what extent it's affecting the pattern of these winter storms and the extent to which the jet stream is being interfered with by climate change." Insulate Britain's spokesman urged the public to engage in non-violent civil resistance to end climate breakdown and end fuel poverty. He claimed: "The Government is failing in its duty to protect people. We're going to see food stability disrupted. We're going to see social collapse. "The Government is betraying the people of this country. They are putting people from groups like Insulate Britain in prison and oil companies like BP and Shell are making record profits of tens of billions of pounds.  "The Government are protecting these people and not ordinary people going through a cost of living crisis." BP's profits hit their highest in eight years in 2021, lifted by soaring gas and oil prices. The oil giant rebounded to an annual profit of £9.4billion ($12.85billion) after a large loss in 2020. Shell announced earlier this month that its pre-tax profit reached £12billion ($16.3billion) in the last three months of 2021 up from just £1.2billion the quarter before. The Government recently revealed a £9billion package to try and ease the cost-of-living. Energy regulator Ofgem has said prices are set to soar by 54 percent for 22 million households from the beginning of April, adding £693 to the annual cost of a typical home. A Shell spokesperson said: "People are understandably worried. So while we’ve been supporting customers, we’ve also been working with government to help find a long-term fix. Everyone, homeowners and suppliers, need a market that is stable and resilient. "We provide vital energy for homes, businesses and transport. Shell’s target is to become a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050, in step with society. Our short, medium and long term targets are consistent with the more ambitious 1.5 °C goal of the Paris Agreement. And our targets cover the full range of our own emissions and our customers emissions, not just from the energy we produce but also all the energy we sell."  In the wake of Storm Franklin, the Environment Agency urged communities in parts of the West Midlands and north of England, especially those along River Severn, to be prepared for significant flooding following heavy rainfall. A severe flood warning, meaning there is a danger to life, has just been issued for the River Severn at the Wharfage in Ironbridge with locals advised to follow the advice of local officials and the emergency services. Heavy rain has fallen on already wet catchments and caused rivers to swell. In Greater Manchester, an overnight operation prevented 580 homes from flooding despite record river levels overnight. A handful of properties have flooded over the past few days, but the Environment Agency says its defences have protected more than 40,000 properties. It warns that over the coming days the risk of flooding in the Midlands and Yorkshire poses the greatest threat to communities.There is currently one severe flood warning in place, 147 flood warnings, meaning flooding is expected and 142 flood alerts, meaning flooding is likely. BP has been approached for comment. 