The Welsh Government will hold a consultation on proposals for a visitor levy in autumn 2022. If implemented, the tax could see visitors charged an additional fee to stay overnight in Wales. Welsh holidays boomed during the pandemic, as more British travellers chose to holiday in the UK. In recent months, some residents have blamed the rise in tourism for soaring house prices in popular regions. However, many people working in the tourism industry have said a tourist tax would be “catastrophic.” Rhys Williams, owner of the Dunoon Hotel in Llandudno, told ITV Wales: “The people who actually place the most strain on resources and the local environment are day trippers. READ MORE: Where is hot in June - top five destinations for an early summer break   “They are the people who load up at home, buy their goods locally, come out for the day and leave what’s left behind. “In the meantime, they snarl up the roads and the parking. To introduce what is essentially a bed tax would be pretty catastrophic. “Are they (the Welsh Government) really going to put financial barriers up on coming into the country?” Simon Bayliss, Llandudno Hospitality Association, said: “This coming on the back of the pandemic would be awful. “What they often fail to realise as well is that we are competing for customers with areas such as the Lake District.“This would make us less competitive.” However, Rebecca Evans, Minister for Finance and Local Government, said a tourist tax would enable Wales to be enjoyed for future generations. She said: “Visitor levies are a common feature in tourist destinations internationally. They are an opportunity for visitors to make an investment in local infrastructure and services, which in turn make tourism a success. “Without such a levy, local communities face an undue burden to fund local services and provisions on which tourists rely. “From keeping the beaches and pavements clean, through to maintaining local parks, toilets and footpaths, the critical infrastructure that supports tourism should be supported by all those that rely on it. “The levy would be proportionate by design, and powers to raise the levy would be discretionary for local authorities. “This would enable decisions to be taken locally, according to the needs of our communities.” Second homes are also a topical issue in Wales as some local residents feel tourists are pricing them out of popular areas. Tourist taxes are fairly common around the world and are in place in popular destinations including Spain’s Balearic Islands and some French cities. Fees are often paid on a nightly basis and can vary based on the standard of the accommodation. Thailand and Venice have announced they intend to introduce tourist taxes in the coming months.