Richard Madeley, 65, has compared hosting Good Morning Britain alongside Susanna Reid, 51, to “learning to dance with a new partner” after he spent the majority of his decades-long career presenting with his wife, Judy Finnigan, 73. Richard first appeared on GMB in 2017 initially as a stand-in for Piers Morgan when he was away. Following Piers’ infamous walk-off in 2021, Richard has taken on a permanent role and presents the show Monday to Wednesday most weeks. Now, the former This Morning frontman has admitted the challenges he has had to overcome when presenting with Susanna. He explained in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk: “Obviously, I worked with Judy for more than 21 years and presenting with someone else on a regular basis, it’s like learning to dance with a new partner. READ MORE:Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit “They don’t move the same way and the steps are written differently.“ Richard and Judy have worked together since the 1980s when she assisted him while he hosted ITV’s weekly rugby league show, RL Action. The couple then presented This Morning for almost 15 years and landed their own Channel 4 show, Richard and Judy, for seven years. When asked how he tackles the difficulties of adapting to a new presenting style and partner, Richard explained: “It’s important not to rush it. “I’ve been doing a lot more Good Morning Britain since Piers walked off and when I started, I felt very strongly that you can’t force it, you can’t push, you have to get to know somebody.” Now, after almost a year of steering the show, Richard gushed that he “very much enjoys” working with Susanna and the pair have become firm friends. He continued: “I’d say that Susanna and I have definitely become good friends in the last year or so. “She’s bl***y good at her job, she has an incredible eye for detail. DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley health: Star laid bare 'complete nervous breakdown'[LATEST]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response[INSIGHT]Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death[NEWS] “She’s a very professional partner and she is also good fun.” Richard has also insisted that he is "not the new Piers Morgan" and is hosting GMB "his way". When asked whether he would consider taking on Piers’ old job full-time, Richard states he already does “quite enough”. He explained: “It’s not my full-time job, I'm there two to three weeks out of four, usually three days of a week. “I don’t do it to the extent Piers did when he was on. I do it quite enough for me. I’m sort of semi-regular and that suits me down to the ground.” It comes as Richard has lent his support to the Cystic Fibrosis Trust’s new FeBREWary campaign, which encourages people to host a tea party with friends to raise funds for life-saving research. The charity is incredibly close to Richard’s heart, and he has been an ambassador for more than 20 years. He is urging people to get involved in helping “extend the life” of young people suffering from the disease. Richard said: “The thing about Cystic Fibrosis is anyone can be born with it. It can be anyone in your family, it could have been you. If you just take a little bit of time to read about the difficulties, obstacles, and challenges that young people with CF put up with and overcome on a daily basis, you cannot fail to want to help." You can find more information about the Cystic Fibrosis Trust’s FeBREWary campaign here.