The Queen used her Platinum Jubilee to give her royal seal of approval for the Duchess of Cornwall to use the title, putting years of speculation to an end. Camilla said the position will help her to highlight the causes she supports during an interview with presenter Emma Barnett about her work with victims of domestic violence. Speaking at Clarence House for Woman's Hour and BBC Breakfast, where she was reunited with Diana Parkes, whose daughter Joanna Simpson was killed by her husband in 2010, Camilla said: "Of course it's a great honour (becoming Queen Consort), it couldn't be anything else. "But it does help it. I'm going to keep up with these causes. "You know if I start something like this, I'm not going to give up mid-channel, I'm just going to keep going to try and help the likes of people like Diana ... I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime." The Duchess has previously cited Ms Parkes as the inspiration behind her work with domestic abuse victims. During the interview, Camilla called for more action to tackle violence against women and discussed the impact lockdown had on domestic abuse. She also said the Queen's Platinum Jubilee was an opportunity for the nation to celebrate. The Duchess said: “It's always lovely to have something happy to look forward to isn't it? "I mean, we've all been through hard times. READ MORE: Harry royal nightmare to last until book bombshell dropped "We've all been locked away from our family and friends. And now we could all get together again and celebrate.” The in-person interview took place around three weeks ago before Camilla caught Covid. It comes after the monarch used her milestone of 70 years on the throne last month to issue her royal seal of approval for Camilla to be Queen Consort in a major intervention shaping the future of the monarchy. DON'T MISSKate compared to Diana - 'Just gets on with it' [ANALYSIS]Queen tipped to bounce back from Covid 'Tough as nails' [INSIGHT]POLL: Should crown skip Charles and Camilla for William and Kate? [POLL] In a written message to the nation, the head of state said: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Charles, in a written message marking the Queen's Accession Day anniversary, said he and Camilla were "deeply conscious" of the honour. Earlier this month, the Duchess said she is "very honoured and very touched" to have been backed by the Queen as a future Queen Consort. The full interview is due to air on Thursday on Woman's Hour and BBC Breakfast. 