Two Chelsea players are very close to signing for Barcelona this summer transfer window on free deals when their contracts expire. Club president Joan Laporta has a grand plan that involves landing Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland. Chelsea are on the brink of losing two of their top defenders for nothing when the summer comes and their contracts expire. Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen will both see their deals come to an end in June this year. And rather than extend at Stamford Bridge, where they have both received offers, they are preparing to depart to play under Xavi at Barcelona on free transfers. That will be a significant blow for the Blues, where the duo are considered key players in the squad. But it is part of a master plan of Barcelona president Joan Laporta, who is desperate to entice to Haaland to the Nou Camp this summer, according to Sport. Barca are not the only ones interested in the Borussia Dortmund hotshot, though. In fact, most of Europe are eyeing a sensational switch for the Norwegian this summer with the likes of Manchester City and Real Madrid reportedly leading the race. However, Laporta enjoys a good relationship with Haaland’s agent Mino Raiola and it is hoped that an agreement can be struck, But signing the 21-year-old will not be cheap and Barcelona have plenty of other areas of the squad that need fixing, such as in defence. That is why Azpilicueta and Christensen are being targeted by Los Cules, report Sport. Both will cost nothing in terms of transfer fees while any contracts can be spread out over a longer term. The two Chelsea players are also keen on a switch to the Blaugrana while that would allow them to spend more on Haaland. With Kylian Mbappe looking likely to make the move to Real Madrid, snapping up the Dortmund striker is even more pivotal to Barcelona or they risk falling further behind. But for Chelsea, their attempts to re-sign Christensen and Azpilicueta to new deals looks doomed and they may have to dip into the transfer window for replacements, while they are trying to extend Antonio Rudiger’s terms, too, who will also see his contract expire this summer. Sevilla star Jules Kounde is the top target while Wolves ace Max Kilman has also been linked with Levi Colwill, on loan at Huddersfield, could be allowed to join up with the squad.