Dancing On Ice's Alex Murphy, 32, once suffered a cancer scare after noticing she had a lump on her breast. The professional skater opened up on the terrifying experience today during an Instagram Q&A on her Stories. Alex was asked by a fan what health scare she suffered and she took the opportunity to reply in a lengthy post. She penned: "Everything is all good now. "I found a lump on my boob, was referred to a specialist, and I had to have a series of mammograms, ultrasounds and biopsies. "It came back benign so I'm in the clear. “I’ve been referred for some generic counselling because of my family history, so hopefully that will all come back clear as well. “I shared it on Facebook only because I was getting so much [faeces emoji] about how my content had stopped and how Paul and I had ‘definitely split up’ etc.” (sic) She went on: "It was horrible, but I think we're through the worst of it now. “I’m recovering from the biopsy fine, and I'm just mentally tired but I'm more than OK." In view of her 192,000 followers, Alex urged other women to perform self-breast exams. She concluded: “So ladies if you actually read to the end of this… check your boobs.” Alex became the winner of Dancing on Ice 2020 alongside Joe Swash after replacing Alex Schauman. She gained notoriety thanks to her performances on Dancing On Ice and her own YouTube series Celebs Go Skating. The American skater previously confessed she would also “love” to compete in Strictly Come Dancing. Alex admitted she is already “ahead of the game” with her extensive dance experience after years of performing on ice. In an interview with Express.co.uk last year, Alex said: “I’d love to do Strictly because I'm so competitive. I'd love to be the first Dancing On Ice skater to do it. “In the American version, Dancing with the Stars, two Olympic skaters have done it and won it, four in total have competed. 'It's not easy and I know nothing about ballroom, but skaters and dancers have similar work ethics, which might help. “It's a completely different world but that's my dream.” She continued: “I’m ahead of the game because I have got rhythm from skating. “Strictly is my dream. I want to be the first one to win it like James Jordan was the first to win Dancing on Ice.”