Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is a great way to clean certain surfaces. The product can remove bad odours, lift stains and can be used to generally clean. The household ingredient is abrasive which means it’s great for removing stubborn stains on hard surfaces. Nick Drewe, a trends and money saving expert from voucher code site WeThrift, has shared how to use baking soda to clean oven trays exclusively with Express.co.uk. The cleaning expert said the solution needs to be combined with another “magic” ingredient to create the perfect compound. He said: “Burnt baking trays can look as good as new using two magic cleaning ingredients - baking soda and white vinegar! “Pour some baking soda on the burnt tray and let it sit for a moment. READ MORE: ‘Cuts through the grease’: Mrs Hinch fans' cleaning tip for oven doors “Follow with vinegar and let the magic happen. “Wipe the tray clean and wash before use.” Baking soda, also known as sodium bicarbonate, is a chemical compound with the formula NaHC03. The fine white powder is commonly used as a raising agent for baking cakes and other food items. DON'T MISS How to wash your bed sheets - why you need to wash them every week [INSIGHT]Lawn care: How to bring your grass ‘back to life’ in time for spring [UPDATE]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [ANALYSIS] However, more people are using it around their homes as it’s cheap, natural and often found in the back of the cupboard. People should be careful when mixing baking soda with other chemicals. For example, mixing baking soda and lemon juice forms carbon dioxide and sodium citrate. The two ingredients together will fizz and bubble due to the citric acid in the lemon juice mixing with the baking soda. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homeowners should also be careful when mixing baking soda with vinegar. Storing the two together in a container could cause it to burst. Before using two chemicals together, it’s best to check whether they produce any harmful gases or could damage the surface you’re planning to clean. Baking soda can be used to clean more than just oven trays. The solution can be used to deodorise mattresses, remove oil stains, clear drains and brighten up laundry. The baking soda dissolves organic compounds such as dirt, grease and other sticky substances. It’s best to check how baking soda reacts with a surface or material in an inconspicuous place.