The existing ban on cyclists which has been in place in the pedestrianised centre of Bedford has proved controversial to say the least, with furious cyclists and opposing council members attempting to get it overturned. But it will now remain for an additional three years despite a majority of people who were consulted calling for it to be scrapped. The town’s Liberal Democrat deputy mayor, Councillor Charles Royden said that local businesses were "overwhelmingly in favour of keeping the ban”, Bedford Independent reported. But Green Councillor Lucy Bywater, whose ward includes the area of the town centre subject to the Public Spaces Protection Order under which riding bikes is banned, accused the deputy mayor of throwing cyclists “under the bus.” She said: “I am stunned that the deputy mayor would fly in the face of the majority view like this. His party claims to be one of ‘democrats’, (but) what’s worse is that in the section on ‘Risk Implications’, the report totally ignores the increased risks to cyclists of being forced to cycle on adjoining roads (mainly ‘A’ roads and all public transport routes)." A formal decision on the extension is set to be confirmed on March 3. READ MORE: New Oxford car tax zone may lead to 'stringent congestion charges' A meeting last week to discuss the plans turned ugly as Councillor Royden defended his decision in the face of furious opposition. Green Councillor Ben Foley asked him: “What evidence is there that, one, without the ban it would be unsafe, and two, that having the ban actually makes a difference, given that civil enforcement officers don’t have the power to stop reckless cyclists who refuse to stop?” Mr Royden replied: “I think cycling on pavements is a real hazard, that's why it’s unlawful in the Highways Act, and I think that’s why it’s important that we've got a Traffic Regulation Order in the town centre. “I think it's crazy to talk about wanting to allow bicycles on pavements and pedestrianised areas, I think it’s crackers, I think it’s bad and we shouldn't be encouraging people to break the law.” DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [ANALYSIS] Mr Foley responded: “To be clear, Councillor Royden, I am not asking about cycling on pavements, I am asking about cycling on roads which have been closed to motorised traffic, which is something different. “You know perfectly well what the difference is, you’re trying to obfuscate there.” Councillor Royden said: “You know I think I’m getting a bit fed up with Green Party councillors coming to this council meeting with spurious statements. “And now you come along here and you're telling me there's no evidence that businesses want the cycles to be stopped from cycling on the pedestrianised areas, it’s in the report.” In response, Councillor Foley said: “I’m astounded by the chutzpah of councillor Royden thereby claiming that I am the one that's distracting from the issue, he’s the one that didn’t answer my question. “So the evidence, the evidence which I asked for, in the years 2016 to 2020 there were precisely zero crashes recorded with pedestrians being hit by cyclists in the area of the ban, precisely zero. Councillor Royden said: “Albeit for the fact that actually we loosened it to allow commuters to cycle before 9am and after 6pm. "I think it's really important that the Traffic Regulation Order prevents people from cycling in pedestrianised areas and pavements, because it causes accidents.” Local resident and traffic safety specialist Kate Carpenter told the Bedford Independent: “Overall this decision is appalling in my view and utterly disrespectful to the people of Bedford and detrimental to safety, accessibility and public health.” She described it as “a very depressing decision by a short-sighted and ill-informed authority.” A spokesperson for the council said: “A decision has not yet been made on this PSPO extension, it will be discussed at the Executive meeting next week. “With an overwhelming majority of local businesses and Bedfordshire Police in favour of retaining this ban on cycling, the report recommends that a PSPO continues to be in place prohibiting cycling between 9am and 6pm in the pedestrianised area of the town centre, alongside other measures around e-scooters and skateboards. “This means people can continue to use this area of town to commute to and from work in those traditional peak periods, but it makes the pedestrianised area of town safer during the main shopping day.”