Jane McDonald opened up on her grief after her fiancé Eddie Rothe sadly died from lung cancer in March. The singer and TV presenter, who still lives in Wakefield, has returned to places that are special to her in new Channel 5 show, Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire. Former Loose Women star Jane said she is trying to focus on the good things she has in her life, which she appreciates much more now. The 58-year-old told The Mirror: “I wanted to send a love letter to the viewers of why I love Yorkshire so much.” And the journey has been an emotional one for Jane. She said: “I think you should face emotion. I’ve always said we have to live through a lot in our lives. READ MORE: Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap “Those horrible times make you appreciate the wonderful times.” "And that’s what I am doing. “I’m appreciating what I have in life, not what I’ve lost. “You realise being busy keeps you young. I’ve got a reason to think, ‘Right, put that Mars Bar down’ because I’m going on telly.” Despite earlier announcing that she was planning to retire soon, Jane said: “I’m going to dedicate 2023 more to television because I am getting on a bit – I’m not as young as I should be. “I’m going to try and pace myself a little bit more because touring is quite hard. “I want to be able to eat what I want and have a late night if I want. “You’ve got to really concentrate on keeping fit when you’re on tour, so it would be nice to think, ‘I’m going to stay up and have another pie!’” READ MORE...David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE] Jane spoke to Carol Vorderman, 61, on her BBC Radio Wales show last week about how she was coping with her grief following Eddie's passing. The 67-year-old drummer died last March following a lung cancer diagnosis. On the radio show, Carol asked Jane how important support from fans has been to her. She replied: “I think we all go through times in life which are so devastating that we never think we are going to come out of it. “But we do, and it is the support and the network that I have around me that has helped me through. “I couldn’t have done it without the people around me. I’m so grateful to them.” Jane said that she was taking “baby steps” and that “you are allowed to have bad days” during such a difficult time. She added: “Just think of all the positive things in your life because there are so many if you look for them."