Andrew, 62, could be considering a move across the Atlantic after he reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre in a US civil court case. Ms Giuffre, 38, alleged the Duke of York sexually abused her when she was 17, a claim Andrew has vehemently denied. The settlement, which is not an admission, also saw Andrew pledge to "demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein" by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". But the agreement is not an admission of wrongdoing by Andrew. Writing in the Sun, Ingrid Seward claimed the Duke could cross the pond and have a new life. She revealed: "Andrew will now attempt to stand away from the whole murky business — and try to get on with his life. JUST IN: 'Too different!' Prince Louis of Luxembourg announces split from French fiancee "Since the Duke was stripped of his royal titles and patronages, he has likened his own situation to that of his nephew Prince Harry. "And he is contemplating following in the footsteps of the younger royal, feeling there might be the possibility of a new life for him in the world of broadcasting, public speaking, television and even publishing." Ms Seward added: "It is possible Andrew could even attempt to reinvent himself as a supporter of abused women and appear on TV chat shows in the States. "Imagine if Oprah got hold of him to tell his side of the story. "Like Harry, in order to do this, he would probably need to move to America." Her comments come just weeks after the Queen stripped Andrew of his titles. In a statement, Buckingham Palace said: "With The Queen's approval and agreement, The Duke of York's military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to The Queen. "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." DON'T MISS:'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can [REPORT]Queen 'instincts' remark about Vladimir Putin during 2003 visit [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Which members of the Firm have caught COVID-19 [INDEPTH]