On Wales’ national day, Prince William, 39, and Kate, 40, will travel to Abergavenny and Blaenavon in Wales to celebrate the region's history. They will learn about the significance of the agricultural industry to rural populations and how community organisations are providing support to young people. The Duke and Duchess will undertake three appointments while in Wales, including a visit to Pant Farm near Abergavenny. Pant Farm is a goat farm that has been providing milk to a local cheese producer for nearly 20 years. The royal couple will be given a tour of the farm, and they will hear about the challenges and opportunities faced by the sector and how the farm works with local industries and services. After this, William and Kate will visit Abergavenny Market to see first-hand just how important local suppliers are to rural communities. Next, the Cambridges will stop off at the Blaenavon Hwb, a community-focused youth centre that helps to support over 600 local young people. The centre aims to ensure that the next generation can achieve their potential by providing a space for alternative education and by providing support care-experienced and vulnerable young people. Their Royal Highnesses will have the opportunity to speak with some of those who use the centre to learn about their experiences. William and Kate will also be able to enjoy some of the activities the centre lays on, including making Welsh cakes. Reacting to the news of the engagement on Twitter, royal fans shared their excitement about the upcoming Welsh visit. A fan page for the couple called ‘LoveforCambridg’ wrote: “I can't wait for their day of engagements there” alongside a Welsh flag emoji and several red hearts. READ MORE: Queen made 'stinging' comment about Kate's 'swanning' around Another wrote “Absolutely fantastic!!! cannot wait!” while Allyria added: “Yaaaas, OMG missed Prince William so much!” Kristen Evans complimented the Cambridges’ itinerary for the day, writing: “Fantastic! Learning about Commonwealth communities and industries is so important. Kudos for listening instead of pontificating” One more added: “That's what Royalty is supposed to do. Focus on Britain, not themselves.” Days prior to their Welsh visit, Kensington Palace announced the Duke of Cambridge, patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, and the Duchess of Cambridge, patron of the Rugby Football Union, will attend the England v Wales Six Nations match on Saturday, February 26. The Daily Express’s royal correspondent Richard Palmer joked about the result of the match impacting on the couple’s visit to Wales for St David’s Day. In a tweet, Mr Palmer wrote: “Kate can expect some friendly banter from the locals if England lose at Twickenham…” DON'T MISS Royal expert gives insight to Kate and William's baby plans [INSIGHT] ‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed [REVEAL] 'Coincidence?' Harry and Meghan photos circulate in US as Kate out [REPORT] Last year the Royal Family marked St David’s Day with a series of posts on social media. The Queen, 95, shared a photo of herself on a visit to the Royal Welsh Regiment where she can be seen smiling as she holds a bunch of daffodils and chats to a young girl dressed in traditional Welsh attire. Alongside the snap on Instagram, the Queen shared her well-wishes in Welsh and English. She said: "Dyde Gŵyl Dewi Hapus! Wishing all of our Welsh followers a Happy St Davids Day." The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall followed suit, sharing a series of pictures of themselves visiting Wales. The photographs were accompanied by a message in both English and Welsh that read: "To all our followers celebrating in Wales and around the world – wishing you a very happy #StDavidsDay!" The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also posted a tribute of their own on Instagram, saying: "Dydd Gwyl Dewi hapus i’n holl ddilynwyr Cymreig // Wishing all our Welsh followers a very happy St David's Day!" They shared a photo of themselves in front of Cardiff Castle in south Wales taken on their royal tour there in December 2020. The Cambridges embarked on a 1,250-mile journey on the royal train in the run-up to the festive period to meet with frontline workers, caregivers and schoolchildren. The royal couple paid tribute to individuals and organisations who had gone above and beyond what was expected of them during the COVID-19 pandemic.