Manchester United boosted their hopes of Champions League glory with a 1-1 draw away at Atletico Madrid. Ralf Rangnick's side went behind when Joao Felix struck before Anthony Elanga netted in the closing stages to spare them from defeat. Express Sport will now rate and slate the Red Devils' players following the showdown in the Spanish capital. David De Gea: 6 David De Gea was making his first appearance back at Atletico Madrid since leaving a decade ago. He was powerless to prevent Felix’s bullet header and didn’t have much else to do. Victor Lindelof: 7 Picked at right-back over Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, the Sweden international was comfortable in the role until he picked up a yellow. Quickly becoming an important member of this squad. Raphael Varane: 6 Not his best game since joining from Real Madrid. Looked uncharacteristically fazed by the occasion, especially in the first half. Better days, surely, lie ahead. Harry Maguire: 4 When will the real Harry Maguire stand up? A good player on his day but the England international doesn’t have nearly enough of them. Needs to regain the form that saw the club pay £80million for him in 2019. Luke Shaw: 5 Not much better. Offered precious little going forward and Alex Telles, who was on the bench, may find himself back in the team soon. Shaw just hasn’t been the same player this season, having previously done well under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Fred: 5 Often made a scapegoat but he wasn’t the worst player on the field tonight. Struggled in midfield, though Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes didn’t exactly help matters by being so sloppy in possession. Paul Pogba: 6 Paul Pogba has been better for United this season but still has matches where he struggles to make his mark. So frustrating to watch and he was unable to cope with the intensity of his Atletico Madrid counterparts. Bruno Fernandes: 6 Before the game, speaking on BT Sport, Paul Scholes said Bruno Fernandes could be ‘found out’ when he plays against the big teams. The Portugal international was flat, sloppy and cut an increasingly agitated figure as the match went on, for the most part. However, his assist is exactly what he's in the team to do - and proof his quality. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Jadon Sancho: 5 Has been better of late but this was Jadon Sancho back to the subdued figure he was earlier in the season. Will come good in time, he’s too good not to, but found playing on such a big stage a huge struggle. Cristiano Ronaldo: 4 Bad. Cristiano Ronaldo is a great player, one of the best to have ever played the game. Yet he’s lost his speed, appears low on confidence and struggled with the basics. Not a return to Madrid to remember. Marcus Rashford: 5 At least Marcus Rashford gives his all every time he steps onto the pitch. Unfortunately, that’s still not enough at present. The England international is, like many of his team-mates, low on confidence and failed to make his mark. Nemanja Matic: 6 Brought on for Pogba, Nemanja Matic was unable to make much of an impact. Kept things ticking along nicely, however. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Aaron Wan-Bissaka: 6 An encouraging cameo. Anthony Elanga: 8 Came off the bench to score and continues to grow in stature. Must start more matches in the future. Alex Telles: 6 Like Wan-Bissaka and Matic didn’t really make too much of an impact but his cameo was encouraging nonetheless. Jesse Lingard: N/A Brought on too late to make his mark.