In a chilling message yesterday, the Russian leader warned the "consequences" of any attempt to strike back would provoke a response "never seen in history". Nato has said it will not launch any military action in support of Ukraine. But Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the alliance has more than 100 jets on high alert protecting its airspace. Putin, right, addressed his nation on television in the early hours of yesterday. He said: "Whoever tries to impede us, let alone create threats for our country and its people, must know that the Russian response will be immediate and lead to the consequences you have never seen in history." "All relevant decisions have been taken. I hope you hear me." In a stark reminder of Russia's nuclear power, he also warned: "No one should have any doubts that a direct attack on our country will lead to the destruction and horrible consequences for any potential aggressor." He also urged Ukraine's military to lay down their weapons and said he had ordered troops to "demilitarise" the country. Analysts were in no doubt about Putin's threat. Russian expert Miriam Elder, an editor for BuzzFeed News, tweeted it "sounded like a tacit threat of nuclear war." Author Arkady Ostrovsky said Putin had "implicitly" threatened "nuclear strike". Baltic nations Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania yesterday urged the world to send the Ukrainians more "weapons, ammunition and any other kind of military support". Nato, due to hold an emergency summit of its 30 members today, will take extra steps to strengthen its deterrence and defence. Mr Stoltenberg said: "Nato is the strongest alliance in history, and, make no mistake, we will defend every ally against any attack on every inch of Nato territory." A first step could be to activate the group's Response Force, of up to 40,000 troops. Some Nato members have sent troops, aircraft and warships to the Black Sea region, near allies Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey. And the Pentagon has put up to 8,500 US troops on heightened alert. Putin has claimed he was "forced" to order military action in Ukraine as the West refused to heed Russian security demands. On possible sanctions he says Russia "remains part of the global economy" adding: "Our partners should realise that and not set a goal to push us out of the system." Hours after his TV message yesterday, he met Pakistan's PM Imran Khan to discuss economic cooperation.