Council Tax rebates of £150 were announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak last month to help struggling households make ends meet. However, people are concerned that those on the lowest incomes will miss out as many are exempt from paying Council Tax in the first place. Cash strapped households will be given a helping hand this April as the Government recently announced those in certain Council Tax bands will receive a £150 rebate. The rebate will apply to 80 percent of households who live in a Band A to D property. Britons who receive a 25 percent or 50 percent reduction will still receive the full £150 discount. However, anyone who lives in a band E to H Property or who doesn’t pay Council Tax because they are on a low income won't be automatically eligible for the rebate. READ MORE: Pensioners are missing out on disability benefits worth £4660 a year Who is exempt from paying Council Tax? DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] These seven groups who are exempt from paying Council Tax could still get financial help worth £150 but they will need to get in touch with their local council to find out. The Chancellor also announced a discretionary fund of £144 million to support people on a low income who don't pay Council Tax. Anyone whose property is in a higher Council Tax band might also find they can access this fund if they can prove that they are in financial difficulty. It’s also worth checking whether your property is in the right council tax band as figures show that almost half a million properties aren’t. How to find out your council tax band: Compare the property to similar ones on the same street Double check by searching ‘council tax’ on Gov.uk People should only challenge their band if they are certain they will end up paying less - they could end up paying more. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons will also benefit from a £200 loan this year to help them pay for increasing energy bills. All households will receive £200 off their energy bills, however they will have to pay it back by £40 a year over five years from 2023. The scheme has been criticised by financial experts including Martin Lewis who claim more than half of households would prefer to opt out. Mr Lewis has called on the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to urgently rethink his plans and come up with a better solution.