Jack Nelson was the name on everyone's lips in the Peaky Blinders series six premiere which aired on Sunday, February 27, on BBC One. He is the uncle of American Gina Gray (played by Anya Taylor-Joy), the wife of Michael Gray (Finn Cole). While he hasn't made a physical appearance in Peaky Blinders just yet, Brummie gangster Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) has already got his eye on him. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders. In season six, episode one, fans got to know a little bit more about Gina and her family connections in the States. Michael has always bragged about his wife's illicit links but it hasn't been made clear who they were until now. Just as Tommy is the head of the Shelby family, Uncle Jack is the head of the Nelsons with various parallels between the two. Uncle Jack is a wealthy businessman and politician who made his way in the world of criminality to win his power in mainstream life. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch The Irish-American runs the city of Boston and Tommy hopes to work with him on the Shelby opium shipments. At the end of the premiere episode, it is revealed that Uncle Jack would be soon boarding a steamer ship to the UK. This was because he had a plan to buy the import licenses for "all the best Scotch and Irish whiskey distilleries". While he is a fictional character, there are plenty of similarities between Uncle Jack and a historical figure. It is explained that Uncle Jack would be travelling to the UK alongside his wife, mistress, President Franklin Roosevelt's son and Gina. In real life, this same journey, minus the fictional Gina, was made in September 1933 by Joe Kennedy Senior who went on to purchase the rights to import British alcohol brands to America. Joe Kennedy was also a businessman and politician from Boston who was the father of the future president JFK and Senator Bobby Kennedy. DON'T MISS...Call The Midwife star admits falling in love with co-star  [CAST]Next James Bond: Batman villain threatens Regé-Jean Page 007 top spot [EXPLAINER]Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby's death confirmed in Ruby's vision? [THEORY] When asked by Den of Geek if Joe Kennedy was the inspiration for Uncle Jack, creator Steven Knight replied: “I'm not giving that away so soon. "As ever with Peaky [Blinders], you look at history and you take real facts and fictionalise them. "There is a resonance with Boston, with senior politicians…” He may not have showed his face in Peaky Blinders just yet but it is already known who has been cast in this mysterious role. Actor James Frecheville will be taking on the part of Uncle Jack in Peaky Blinders season six. He is probably best known for his role as Joshua "J" Cody in the 2010 film Animal Kingdom. Since then, Frecheville has also been in The First Time, New Girl, The Stanford Prison Experiment, Highly Functional, Requiem and The Pursuit of Love. Peaky Blinders season 6 continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.