  Loose Women star Ruth Langsford took home more than her ITV colleagues Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield in 2021, even with her departure from This Morning, according to reports. Ruth hosted the show with her husband Eamonn Holmes on Fridays and during school holidays from 2006 until last December.     However, Ruth 61, is apparently still making a lot of cash after exiting the popular ITV talk show. MailOnline reports that tax records from her personal company Hey Ho Ltd suggest Ruth earned £2,092,863 in 2021. The publication also claimed that Holly’s Roxy Media Ltd taxes suggest she made £1,373,695, while Phil's records indicate he earned £789,542. One source claimed that Ruth has “vast” earning power outside of This Morning, in an interview with The Sun.       It comes amid a feud escalating between her husband Eamonn Holmes and Phillip, as the former hit out at the presenter and ITV in an interview. “Ruth has had the last laugh here,” they began. “She’s proven the talk wrong that she and Eamonn were pale and stale. “Her pay from ITV might not be as high as Holly and Phil’s but her earning power outside of the show is vast. “She has her gig on shopping channel QVC which is huge, plus her work on Loose Women.      “Now she is free to make even more shows for other channels,” the source continued. “Plus she is always asked to sign up for commercial work and has appeared in adverts for everything from blood circulation boosters to bingo games.” Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Ruth, Holly, and Phillip for comment. It was announced that Ruth and Eamonn would be leaving This Morning late last year.       Eamonn has since moved on to rival broadcaster GB News, while Ruth remains on ITV as an anchor for Loose Women. Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary moved in as the husband and wife team’s permanent replacements, presenting the Friday show since January of last year. Ruth started working for ITV 23 years ago and was made a permanent presenter on This Morning alongside Phillip in 2006. Later that year, husband Eamonn was signed up to present alongside her on Fridays.       On his departure from This Morning, Eamonn told the Daily Mail: “No one explained anything to me. “I'm all for TV companies being able to choose who works for them, but it would be nice if you were told why you were going. “They're sly. They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round. “They had a chat with my agent and announced that I was going to GB News when they'd done no more than ask if I'd be interested in joining them. He added: “I'm not going to have myself derided as some sort of has-been. I may be male and pale but I'm still at the top of my game.” He also fumed while discussing Phillip: "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people. He's very passive-aggressive."   