No Return has been airing on ITV and the final instalment of the four-part TV drama promises plenty of twists. Kathy Powell (played by Sheridan Smith) pleads with her sister Megan McGee (Sian Brooke) to stay with her family in the UK whilst she heads to Turkey for Noah's (Louis Ashbourne Serkis) court hearing. The family all fear the worst as the odds are stacked against Noah, but will the drama continue? The harrowing drama has seen a family's dream holiday turn into their worst nightmare. Their trip to Turkey turned their lives upside down after their son Noah was accused of a terrible crime. It was left to his parents to fight for his freedom and get their heads around an alien legal system. As the case comes to an end, fans will be wondering whether the story will continue. As the show is made up of four episodes it seems to be considered a miniseries. READ MORE: No Return viewers hit out over plot hole 'Wouldn't be doing that' With this in mind, it is likely there will not be a second instalment of the drama. The season finale will bring all of the characters' storylines to a definitive end. With a final verdict on the way, there is no other direction for the story to go in. The only option for a second season is to focus on how the whole experience has impacted Noah. A time jump could reveal whether he is still struggling to cope with the traumatic events after so long. Actor Ashbourne Sirkis opened up about what appealed to him regarding the role. He said: "I was blown away by the clever setting of the journey that Noah goes on with his family. "It is highly complex, tension-filled and explosive, heightened by the fact that they are away on holiday. "What should have been an idyllic two weeks away together turns into a nightmare, which shatters all of their lives. "[It] challenges their relationships but finally allows each of them to come to terms with the lies and untruths they have lived with for so long.” DON'T MISS... Sheridan Smith admits to being 'messed up' by gritty dramas [INTERVIEW] Sheridan Smith shares No Return behind the scenes secrets [INSIGHT] Bomb disposal drama Trigger Point returns for explosive second series [DISCUSSION] Reflecting back on how it felt to be a part of the series, he said he was "incredibly proud". The star added: "It is a powerful and important topical piece of writing. "I feel honoured to have worked with such an amazing cast and crew and to have portrayed the challenging role of Noah.” From his tribute to the rest of the cast and crew, it seems the series has definitely ended for good. The series has received positive reviews from critics, with fans praising the young star's performance. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the season so far. Yasmine A said: "Loving this drama Well done to the writer & creator of this story. Amazing cast too respect once again @Sheridansmith1." [Sic] JustifyMyLee said: "I know I was making jokes about Sheridan Smith being in everything, but #NoReturn is really good."  No Return is available to watch on the ITV Hub.