While Russia has yet to deploy the full brunt of an estimated 60,000 troops outside Kyiv, its failure to neutralise Ukraine’s air force before launching the ground invasion was credited to “Putin’s hubris” by some. Russia has also failed to take and hold Antonov airport, about 12 miles from Kyiv – while a call for medical conscripts from Russia reveals the unexpected casualties they have suffered, which were estimated at around 3,500 in the first 48 hours. As of last night, at least 198 Ukrainians, including three children, have been killed and 1,115 people wounded so far during the invasion. Last night it was estimated 90 Russian tanks had been destroyed, many by UK-provided light anti-tank weapons (NLAWs), plus 530 armoured vehicles and 20 Russian aircraft. These include a Russian IL-76 strategic air lifter carrying paratroopers, shot down near Vasylkiv, south of Kyiv. A Ukrainian pilot dubbed “the ghost of Kyiv” shot down six Russian fighter jets, including two Sukhoi-Su35s, an SU-27, a MiG-29 and two Su-25s. A consignment of 2,000 NLAWS, developed by the UK and Sweden, were dispatched to Ukraine last month. They have a potential range of up to 1,000 metres and can be fired from within confined spaces. Last night military sources confirmed Britain would offer a further 2,000 of the NLAWs, as well as Starstreak surface to air missile systems. The shoulder-held launcher is capable of firing high-velocity missiles with tungsten darts up to three miles. Ukrainian forces repelled an attempted amphibious landing by Russian forces near Koblevo in Odesa Oblast. Routes to Poland remained in Ukrainian hands after its forces repelled an attempted air assault at Brody, north-east of Lviv, where Britain’s ambassador is currently residing, causing Russian forces to retreat. Access to the Polish border is crucial for the evacuation of refugees, the supply of reinforcements and for the UK to provide training of new systems. Yesterday Russian troops were continuing attempts to break into Kyiv from Gostomel and Zhytomyr in the west, while its special forces were carrying out sabotage attacks from within the capital. However, the failure to mount a “quick decapitation” of President Volodymyr Zelensky’s regime has been seen as a miscalculation by Russian strategists. Yesterday Russian forces were slowly gaining ground, particularly those pushing south and advancing on Kherson. But reports by Russia’s Ministry of Defence that it had captured its first city, the 150,000-strong south-eastern city of Melitopol, remained disputed. Despite fierce resistance, Russian forces were also making headway in Sumy, but logistics and supply lines have run into significant issues. Images have revealed Russian corpses in the snow in Kharkiv, which have still not been removed after days, as well as abandoned vehicles and kit. Other footage shows entire columns stalled and without fuel, with its soldiers asking hostile civilians for food and water. “What we’ve been seeing is that Russian troops are experiencing several difficulties,” said Robert Clark, defence fellow with the Civitas think tank. “Russia is using a 1980s Soviet-style deep strike which relies on speed and have ignored logistical needs. “Ukrainian forces are allowing initial Russian armoured columns to move seemingly unimpeded and then hitting their weaker logistics echelon in the rear. “These are a lot less protected and it is a clever tactic. Those which have advanced are being cut off from supplies.” A US defence official last night told how Russian forces are being “slowed down” by the Ukrainian resistance. “We know they have not made the progress that they have wanted to make, particularly in the north. They have been frustrated by a very determined resistance.” A lack of progress might cause Russia to intensify its fighting and target civilians. This was borne out by the arrival of 2S7 Pion self-propelled artillery systems – the first of which was spotted in Belgorod yesterday. These Soviet behemoths are capable of firing conventional and nuclear 203mm shells at a range of 55km and pounding cities into dust. Mr Clarke added: “We should still expect a Russian military win. Putin cannot afford to lose. “The worrying aspect is that, the more frustrated Russia becomes with this advance, the more its forces will no longer feel constricted by moral considerations. “They will dramatically increase the offensive and increase the number of civilian casualties to levels we’ve not yet seen.” The invasion of Ukraine is proving so unpopular in Russia that several of its MPs are withdrawing support for the Kremlin after voting to recognise the independence of eastern Ukraine’s separatist regions. Mikhail Matveyev, a member of the State Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, called on Putin to stop the invasion. He said: “By voting to recognise the independence of the Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics I voted for peace, not a war. For Russia to become a shield for the Donbas, not for bombing Kyiv.” Amid a myriad of anti-war petitions from Russian teachers, scientists and doctors, another MP, Communist Oleg Smolin, said he was “shocked” by the invasion and was sorry for the loss of life. Meanwhile Finland’s former prime minister Alexander Stubb said: “[Putin] is leading to exactly what he doesn’t want happening – unification of the West, a western-leaning Ukraine, the isolation of Russia and the rejuvenation of Nato with full membership by Finland and Sweden.” The head of MI6 says he believes the war in Ukraine will be “unwinnable” as Putin will not secure a wider political victory. Richard Moore, the chief of the UK Secret Intelligence Service, highlighted a “fascinating” report suggesting Putin has underestimated Ukraine’s military might and its people’s determination to defend their country. A Reckless Gamble, published by Lawrence Freedman, the emeritus professor of war studies at King’s College London – which claims Putin was “prone to outrageous theories” and an “unhinged rant” – makes good “sense”, Moore said. Gen Sir Richard Barrons, leader of Joint Force Command until 2016, said the invasion opens up a “vast opportunity for the West to provoke regime change in Russia”.He added: “This is a war with less than 0.1 percent of Russia’s population.” But Yuri Felshtinsky, author of Blowing Up Russia and The Putin Corporation, warned the despot would not be cowed by sanctions, and will target Moldova and the Baltic states after taking Ukraine. He said: “It is correct to say that this invasion marks the end of Putin, his regime and probably the Russian Federation. But the West will pay a heavy price… “Putin is sleeping well at night, Everything is going according to a plan he has had since before 2007. He wants to tear up the declaration which ended the USSR.”