The Prime Minister told NATO leaders during an emergency call this afternoon the UK would take immediate action against the Russian dictator and Sergey Lavrov. It comes after the EU announced similar measures this afternoon, with the West continuing to try and present a unified response to the aggression being inflicted by Moscow on Ukraine. Mr Johnson warned leaders that "President Putin was engaging in a revanchist mission to over-turn post-Cold War order" and his ambitions likely extended beyond Ukraine, as he urged for leaders to go further with the sanctions they were implementing. The Prime Minister has been pushing hard to get European nations to agree to cut off Russia from the Swift banking system that would limit the country's ability to receive transactions. A Downing Street spokeswoman said: "The Prime Minister urged leaders to take immediate action against Swift to inflict maximum pain on President Putin and his regime. "The UK would introduce sanctions against President Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov imminently, on top of the sanctions package the UK announced yesterday." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG The official added: "The Prime Minister told the group that a catastrophe was engulfing Ukraine, and President Putin was engaging in a revanchist mission to over-turn post-Cold War order. "He warned the group that the Russian President’s ambitions might not stop there and that this was a Euro-Atlantic crisis with global consequences." Ukraine is a NATO ally but not a member of the alliance. While the West is supporting Kyiv's fight with Russia through offensive and defensive military hardware, they will not put troops on the ground. Leaders are instead hoping crippling sanctions against Moscow will help devastate the Putin regime. Speaking after the NATO call, the organisation's secretary-general, Jens Stoltenberg, said: "We must stand ready to do more, even if it means we have to pay a price, because we are in this for the long haul." DON'T MISS:Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION]Zelenskyy warns 'might be last time you see me alive' [INSIGHT]Russia suffers bloodiest day yet as more than 1,000 dead [UPDATE] He added: "We are facing a new normal in European security where Russia openly contests the European security order and uses force to pursue its objectives." UK sanctions against Russia have been hatcheted up on a day by day basis so far. Today's sanctions against Putin and Lavrov come after 10 sets of sanctions - described by Mr Johnson as the "largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen" - were placed on Russian individuals and businesses last night. Aeroflot, the largest airline of the Russian Federation, was immediately banned from landing in the UK and an asset freeze come into effect on all major Russian banks, including immediately against VTB. The UK Government is now exerting pressure on the oil and gas company BP to cut its ties with Russian oil giant Rosneft. The British-based company holds a 20 percent stake in the firm. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng held a virtual call with BP's chief executive Bernard Looney for around 20 minutes on Friday to discuss the company's position. A Whitehall source told the PA news agency: "BP left the meeting with no doubt about the strength of the Business Secretary's concern about their commercial interests in Russia." Oil giant BP admitted last year that sanctions on Russia could be problematic for its business, as global leaders are lining up to impose an even more stringent economic retaliation against the Kremlin.