Abbie Quinnen, 24, girlfriend of former Strictly Come Dancing professional AJ Pritchard, 27, has revealed she is considering having more surgery following the terrifying accident that left her with third-degree burns. Abbie, who is also a professional dancer, is still scarred from her injuries which she sustained whilst making a social media video with AJ in January last year. The couple tried to make a “life hack” by transforming an old wine bottle into a vase. They dipped a rope into a flammable chemical, wrapping it around the bottle and lighting a flame. However, the glass exploded and the fire blew up which engulfed Abbie’s hair, face and upper body. READ MORE:Jamal Edwards dead: SBTV founder and Brenda Edwards son dies aged 31 She was admitted to hospital, underwent three skin grafts and will have to wear a compression vest and stay out of the sunlight over the next couple of years to help her skin to heal. Over one year since the horrific accident, Abbie says she is still undergoing treatment. She told OK!: "I still get treatment every six weeks, I actually get to see my surgeon in March so she will be able to tell me what we can do next. “Whether that's having another operation or what we can do to help my scars. "So I'm looking forward to seeing her again to see where I stand really." She explained that boyfriend AJ had been a great support during her recovery. The dancer explained: “It's been a hard year, but I've had AJ by my side all the way through and he's been absolutely amazing. So I just feel really lucky really." Abbie added that the ordeal brought the couple "closer together" and she realised how much AJ truly loves her. DON'T MISSMadonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap[LATEST]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life[INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm[NEWS] She continued: "I honestly looked horrific. "I don't know how he had to look at me everyday and was still there, feeding me my 27 tablets a day and was by my side and still told me that he loved me when I looked that awful." AJ has previously spoken out about his horror at witnessing the freak accident. He said he was in so much shock he “couldn’t speak” and his “body completely shut down.” Speaking to The Sun last year, AJ recalled: “I was so emotionally all over the place. “I was just a complete mess and completely emotionally torn apart inside and I sat in the car, physically shaking.” AJ and Abbie met when she auditioned for his Get On The Floor Live tour back in 2018.