Ralf Rangnick's damning response to Manchester United fans over their hopes of signing three star names was telling. The German accused supporters of 'dreaming' as he shot down suggestions of a triple swoop for Erling Haaland, Declan Rice and Jules Kounde shortly after United's goalless draw with Watford at the weekend, and it hinted at an altogether different transfer approach this summer. Rangnick's Red Devils are in real danger of missing out on a top four finish and subsequent Champions League football next season following their latest setback: a stalemate with the Hornets at Old Trafford on Saturday. Once again, United produced a promising display, but lacked a cutting edge and squandered numerous opportunities, a theme which is fast becoming the story of their season under Rangnick. Fans were quick to question United's interim on potential big-name reinforcements in the near future following the draw. However, Rangnick dismissed suggestions of a star-studded triple swoop for Haaland, Rice and Kounde as fantasy. United proved last summer that they have the financial might to compete with the rest of Europe's elite, spending big to secure star names in the form of Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. JUST IN: Why Liverpool had Joel Matip goal ruled out vs Chelsea in Carabao Cup  However, Rangnick's latest revelation suggests the club are looking to move away from their quick-fix approach to transfers in favour of a more measured stratagem. Under the stewardship of the recently-departed Ed Woodward, United recorded transfer losses in excess of £900million since 2012 as they have constantly sought to address a lack of success by splashing the cash on stellar signings. Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Sancho have all set the club back over £70m apiece and will each act as a stark warning going forward that title-winning teams are build on more than mega money signings alone. Albert Einstein once famously stated: “The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.” For United, it's time for change.  While Haaland, Rice and Kounde would undeniably strengthen any squad with the individual qualities they each possess, there's so much more to assembling a team built to triumph than merely cherry-picking those considered football's finest up-and-coming talents. United will of course be themselves dreaming of returning to the glory days of old, but the club must move towards a more realistic project. Rangnick's dismissive claims suggest that could well be the case going forward as specific players are likely to be targeted, as opposed to the tried and tested - and failed - approach of simply throwing money at the areas in need of strengthening. As proven by none other than Bruno Fernandes, while one player doesn't make a team, the right signing can elevate and inspire a squad to new levels.  United's faithful may not appreciate the comparison, but Liverpool are another case in point. The Red Devils have an opportunity to wipe the slate clean come the summer, and not just by entering the dawn of a new managerial era. Richard Arnold has been appointed as successor to former chief executive Woodward, to work closely alongside football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher, while Rangnick will take-up a into a consultancy role at the end of the season. Together, United's new team will be tasked with turning the club's fortunes back around and their approach to transfers will play a significant part in determining that. A summer of change is on its way, but not necessarily of the kind United's fans are dreaming of. 