This Is Us season six is currently airing on NBC, with fans in the UK able to watch via Disney+ and Amazon Prime Video. The current season marks the final instalment in the drama, which has followed the Pearson family across several time periods. Express.co.uk has the latest on when the seventh episode will air. The final season of This Is Us started airing on January 4, 2022 and the series is made up of 18 episodes. Each has been given a unique title with the latest episode called Our Little Island Girl: Part Two. Fans had to wait three weeks whilst the show went on a short hiatus. They may have another wait on their hands as they anticipate the release of episode seven, with the season approaching its halfway point. At this moment in time, a release date for the next episode has not been announced. READ MORE: Why is This Is Us ending after season 6? The news is likely to come to light after the release of episode six, via the show's social media channels. There is also a chance the date will appear at the end of the latest instalment. In the final moments of each episode, fans are sometimes treated to a sneak peek of the upcoming storylines. Only the release dates for the first six episodes have been revealed so far, but the finale is expected to air on May 24. Viewers may be able to work out a potential release date working backwards from the finale. The series airs weekly on Tuesday evenings, and there are 12 episodes left to air after tonight. The plan does not include unanticipated schedule shake-ups. As the series has already experienced a long break, it is hoped the seventh episode will air next week. Milo Ventimiglia, who plays Jack Pearson, opened up about the show coming to an end. He told Good Housekeeping: "It's gonna deliver. It's truly, truly going to deliver. DON'T MISS... The Endgame episode 1 cast: Who stars in the NBC series? [EXPLAINER] Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay broke down in tears on first date [INSIGHT] The Blacklist's James Spader set for TV tell-all interview [INTERVIEW] "Towards the end of the season, it's fair to say we'll live there more." He spoke in reference to Kate's (Chrissy Metz) second wedding and the family's future. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the series returning after a break. Tran Khuong said: "So happy my favourite show of all time is back and I'm still not ready to say goodbye." Meg commented: "Any episode with a lot of Beth is a good episode. Can’t wait." The teaser for episode six follows Beth Pearson (Susan Kelechi Watson) at a dance studio. The actress told TVLine she would be passing on the dancing torch to someone else. When asked if she returns to the dancefloor, she said: "I don't. I pass the torch. "There's some dancers in the episode, yeah, and I'm sort of passing the torch along. I do one little turn."  This is Us season 6 airs on Tuesdays on NBC and fans in the UK can watch via Disney Plus or Prime Video