Last month, industry regulator Ofgem confirmed that the energy price cap would be going up and would see the average bill rise to almost £2,000. In response to this, organisations such as Age UK are lobbying for improved support services for pensioners who are more likely to be vulnerable to these changes. Specifically, the charity is asking the Government to provide additional payments worth £500 to help older Britons on lower incomes. This will be done by using the eligibility criteria for Cold Weather Payments to guarantee automatic financial aid to those who need it most. Cold Weather Payments are designed to help pay for a low income household's energy bill if they experience sub-zero temperatures. For every seven-day period of extremely cold weather, households will receive £25 to pay for their energy expenses. One state pensioner who received support from Age UK shared how the energy price cap rise will impact him, giving insight into why a rise in Cold Weather Payments be necessary. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  David said: “I can barely afford the energy bills at the moment and have to keep cooking to a minimum in order to be able to heat my flat. “As it is, many times I have to turn the heating down to the point where it feels cold because I can't be sure I will have enough money to pay the bill. “All prices seem to rise faster than any increase in my pension and this latest threat of energy bills rising by up to 50 percent will take many things beyond what I can afford.” Recently, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed an energy bill loan and council tax rebate scheme worth £350 in total to help struggling households. DON'T MISS However, Caroline Abrahams, the charity director at Age UK, said this is not enough and warned what is at stake for pensioners across the UK ahead of the pending energy bill hike. Ms Abrahams said: “With average energy bills now set to rise by a whopping £693 per year - and almost certain to increase further in a few months' time - the support the Chancellor has announced simply does not go far enough. “It will still leave many of these pensioners facing energy costs surging by an extra several hundred pounds that they cannot afford to pay. “What does the Government expect them to do? Forgo their heating, ration their food or go into debt? “These are the only choices that millions of the less fortunate will face, if they have no savings to draw on or family to help them out. “There's no doubt it will lead to many more turning their heating down or off altogether, because they will know these price surges and the Chancellor's inadequate response signals a crisis in their personal finances, with no end apparently in sight. “The Government must urgently think again and do more to help them." Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, a Government spokesperson said: “We are committed to supporting vulnerable households with heating their homes, which is why we have announced a £9.1 billion support package to help families dealing with rising energy costs. “Our winter fuel payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits available, to make a claim.”