Lewis Hamilton faces the "fight of his life" to win the 2022 Formula One driver's title, reckons pitlane reporter Ted Kravitz. The Sky Sports F1 expert was in Barcelona this week for a close-up view of three days' of pre-season testing, which was not televised. McLaren's Lando Norris was quickest on day one at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya before Charles Leclerc topped the timesheets for Ferrari on the second day of running. Day three saw Mercedes driver Hamilton finish fastest ahead of team-mate George Russell but the newcomer warned fans not to "read too much into" the lap times. He said: "We have some improvements to make, as we're not fully happy with the balance of the car and the limitations we have currently. "But we have a good indication of the direction we need to go in." Hamilton himself added: "It's been an interesting few days. It's not been the easiest or the smoothest running. We've definitely had some obstacles to overcome." MUST READ: Lewis Hamilton speaks out on kneeling ban after Norris issues response Kravitz reckons Ferrari, who Russell believes look "incredibly strong", pose a strong threat to Mercedes and Red Bull. Max Verstappen was the world champion last season as the Dutchman denied Hamilton a record-breaking eighth triumph in a controversial finale in Abu Dhabi which has prompted the FIA to make structural changes for this year. And Hamilton has been warned his bid to usurp Michael Schumacher and become the only eight-time world champion in F1 history will be as difficult as ever. Asked on Sky Sports News about Hamilton's mindset ahead of his 16th season in the sport, Kravitz responded: "He says he's up for it and is going to be as committed and as ruthless as you've ever seen him. DON'T MISS: FIA issue response to Lewis Hamilton's 'bias' claims about F1 stewards "He's got a fight on his hands this year when you've got Ferrari, you've got Red Bull and you've got McLaren as George Russell said in the mix. "He is going to have the fight of his life to make that eighth world championship stick, to get that eighth star on the side of his crash helmet that he so desperately wants. "And that he was so cruelly denied at the end of last year. I've seen nothing in him that gives me any impression he'll be any less up for the challenge. "He's been absolutely on it and committed to testing, which isn't his favourite part of the life of being a Formula One driver. MORE FORMULA ONE NEWS...Lewis Hamilton gives reason for social media silence ahead of 2022 seasonF1 fans back Masi sacking but the jury is out on new FIA appointmentsGeorge Russell delivers home truths to Mercedes with fears over rivals "He's very open about he hates testing but he's totally committed to it and as committed on track as I've ever seen him." Title-chasing Hamilton added on Friday night: "I think I almost got 100 laps in today, so for half a day running, that's not too bad. “We're a little bit behind on the last two days. The car's a lot different to previous years to drive, as are the tyres, but we're working our way through it. "You never do [find out the pecking order] on the first week. You never do. We have no idea where everyone is. But the whole team have done an amazing job this week. "The men and women back at the factory have done an awesome job, so we just need to download all this data and just get through as much as we can next week and just put one foot in front of the other."