Peaky Blinders season six is set to premiere on February 27 on BBC One but it isn’t the final chapter fans were expecting. Not only is a movie in development, but spin-offs have been teased for the franchise. This is the "end of the beginning" for Tommy Shelby and the gang and Express.co.uk has all the details on the future of the franchise. Peaky Blinders is set to keep expanding far beyond the movie and original series. Creator and showrunner Steven Knight has previously said that “there will be other TV shows that I hope will come out of,” though he didn’t specify what form they will take. However, he stressed they would “continue to tell the story of this part of society and this family." (via Variety). At the end of 2021, while speaking at the BFI London Film Festival, Knight said the movie "will probably be the sort of the end of the road for Peaky Blinders as we know it." He later told the BBC: "We're talking about... I don't like the word spin-offs, but TV series that are going to be inspired by and include characters from Peaky." Clearly, there are plenty of plans to keep the Peaky-universe going, and the movie is just the next chapter in a much larger world than initially expected. READ MORE: Paul McCartney branded one Beatles record 'the drug album' The main plot of the movie is being kept in a vault somewhere under the BBC offices. What is known is that World War II will play a prominent part in the movie and that it will almost certainly follow on directly from the events of season six. The original plan was for the show to receive seven seasons, with Knight teasing in 2018 that potentially more chapters than that were in development. Plans have changed, but the same through-line of the story is there. The showrunner previously said: "My ambition is to make it a story of a family between two wars, so I always wanted to end it with the first air raid siren in 1939.” More recently, while speaking to Empire Magazine, he said: "I… have revised the scope of what it is. It will now go into and beyond the Second World War because I just think the energy that is out there in the world for this, I want to keep it going, and I want to see how this can progress beyond that. “I think of this sixth series as the end of the beginning." The cast is completely unknown, but it is more than likely that Cillian Murphy’s Tommy Shelby will be leading the team. He has been the focus of the show from the beginning, with the story being told from his perspective. Knight has plans to “redeem” the character by the time the story is complete, so if he is still partaking in dodgy dealings by the season six finale, it all but guarantees his inclusion in the film. As for the rest of the team, including Paul Anderson’s Arthur, Sophie Rundle’s Ada, Finn Cole’s Michael, Tom Hardy’s Alfie Solomons and the rest, no official casting has been announced. DON'T MISS...Bohemian Rhapsody: What happened to John Deacon? 'Never seen the film' [INSIGHT]Indiana Jones: Short Round star breaks silence on cinematic comeback [EXPLAINER]Tom Holland’s Uncharted sequel 'confirmed' in new statement [INSIGHT] It is still early days for the movie, with season six yet to premiere. Now that the show has a release date of February 27, it is becoming clear when the film could drop. There is no official premiere date for the feature-length Peaky story, with it even lacking an official name. However, if production is set to start in late 2022, then it could drop in late 2023 or 2024. As such, there is no trailer for the film, with promotional material being held back until the show’s final season concludes. Peaky Blinders season six will premiere on February 27 on BBC One and be available to watch on BBC iPlayer 