For the first time in 37 years, BBC's iconic soap, EastEnders, is set to get its own permanent slot for every episode at 7.30pm, across four consecutive weeknights. The move comes after BBC bosses revealed they are no longer concerned about the soaps clashing as they can rely on their fans catching up on episodes on iPlayer and the BBC Three omnibus at weekends. EastEnders has been running for three decades, and its current schedule sees the programme air on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday evenings on BBC One. Now in a major scheduling shake-up, the show will now be running alongside rival Emmerdale on ITV. The changes are set to come into effect next month and were kicked off by ITV's announcement Coronation Street will be switching to an hour-long format three times a week. Emmerdale will still be aired across the week at 7.30pm, which will leave fans making a big decision on what show they wish to watch first. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' A BBC source told The Mirror: "Bosses made the decision to change up the schedule when ITV made their announcement. "In the past, if there was ever a clash between the soaps, it was the audience who lost out, but viewers consume TV differently these days. “It’s no longer about the overnight ratings because they don’t reflect the true picture of who is tuning in. "You only have to look at the numbers watching EastEnders on iPlayer, the figures are pretty incredible.” Kate Oates, who is BBC Studios’ continuing drama chief, also told the Mirror: “We’re delighted that, from 7 March, there will be new regular time slots for EastEnders on BBC1, and Doctors on BBC2. "A 7pm time slot gives a whole new audience chance to enjoy the drama in Leatherbridge; while EastEnders’ new 7.30pm slot begins with a hugely exciting week, as killer Gray Atkins is finally exposed.” From March, the scheduling will see Coronation Street air as three hour-long episodes on Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8-9pm. Emmerdale is moving to a later slot throughout Monday to Friday, being aired at 7.30pm alongside a double-length episode on Thursday. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? [WATCH]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [LATEST] ITV announced the schedule changes last month, with boss Kevin Lygo explaining: "We know that, as with all dramas, viewers increasingly watch them whenever, and however they choose. "The new scheduling means that viewers can watch them live on TV in one go in a continuous soap fix, as well as on ITV Hub where they are regularly in the most-watched shows every month.” ITV's schedule change also comes after the ITV News at six has been given a longer slot each night. The new hour-long programme will replace the current 30-minute programme, running between 6:30pm and 7:30pm, will be presented by Mary Nightingale. Whilst both ITV and BBC bosses were happy with the changes, some fans aren't convinced that the move was a good idea. Taking to Twitter to express their opinions, @KWMadhead94 said: "Why have it clash with Emmerdale. Stupid decision by the BBC." Jadie Leigh Hollings commented: "This is awful! Absolutely going to lose more viewers clashing with Emmerdale. It's suicide." @Lad45Mark agreed: "Massive mistake on the BBC's part here!" (sic) EastEnders currently airs Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday on BBC One.