Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie grew up in Sunninghill, the Ascot home of Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew. According to the programme, ‘Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses?’, the Princesses were “doted on by their grandparents,” said the narrator Glynis Barber. The Yorks lived a short drive from Windsor Castle and visited the Queen often.  Royal author Tom Quinn told the programme: “The Queen adored Beatrice and Eugenie. “She saw in them something of her own relationship as a child with Margaret.” The Duke and Duchess of York divorced in 1996, and according to royal author Angela Levin, the Queen “felt more maternal towards Beatrice and Eugenie and could see that they’d had a very hard time.” Judi James, a body language expert, spoke to Express.co.uk about the similarities between both the current York Princesses, and Elizabeth and Margaret who were also the children of the Duke and Duchess of York before their father became King George VI. READ MORE: New car tax changes set to be announced in weeks  Judi said: “Having always been so close to her own sister and her mother it is unsurprising that the Queen has very strong bonds of empathy and understanding with her granddaughters Beatrice and Eugenie. “Like the young Elizabeth and Margaret, Fergie’s girls have always been brought up to form a very close team of two, with each appearing to offer the other support and friendship throughout their lives. “Both sets of sisters were the children of second sons, although in Elizabeth and Margaret’s case their father leap-frogged to the role of King when his older brother abdicated. “This hierarchical change did produce some differences in the sister’s body language signals, many of which were taught rather than spontaneous.  “Elizabeth’s power and poise signals were always expected to be superior as she was inducted into the future role she was expected to inherit. “She even sits at a higher level than her mother in a formal group photo, placing one arm on her mother’s shoulder to hint at a more protective role. “Her pose with Margaret in the royal office shows Elizabeth inspecting a script or document with a businesslike frown that is well beyond her actual age while Margaret has a more playful and childlike facial expression. “Elizabeth was brought up taking a slightly maternal role with her younger sister and this even led to friction when she had to set rules and regulations for Margaret according to royal protocol.  “The Queen mother’s role seemed to be to instil a sense of duty and regal responsibility in her girls, but in particular in her elder daughter. “It was clear from their body language though that Elizabeth and Margaret’s relationship was mutually protective with both enjoying the sense of security that comes from a close sister who has your back when the chips are down,” the expert noted. But how is this similar to Beatrice and Eugenie? Judi continued: “Beatrice and Eugenie seem to enjoy a similar relationship that must have helped keep them strong in the face of all the splits and scandals that have affected their family.  “With no royal pecking order to comply with though, it always looks as though it’s the younger sister, Eugenie, who has adopted the slightly more maternal role with her sister. “She married first and she tends to look calmer and more adult than the spontaneous and excitable-looking Beatrice. “Like Elizabeth and Margaret, Fergie’s girls were often dressed alike as small children to emphasise their bonds and outlook on life. “The Queen Mother’s role modelling was all about royal protocol but Fergie’s seems to have been more about freedom of expression and having fun as well as royal duty. “The ‘trio’ effect of Fergie and her daughters will often look more like three friends sharing life and even partying together but with Elizabeth and Margaret the sense of duty and hierarchy underlies a lot of their poses.” 