"Just going down to check on the...er... chicken coop, Megs", he might have said, before swiping the car keys from the hall table and legging it to watch the LA Rams beat the Cincinnati Bengals in the Super Bowl. For there he was with his cousin Eugenie watching the game. No wife, no kids. Freeee-dom! And freedom from controversy too, because there's nothing eyebrowraising about being with a cousin. She's family and we know she and Harry have been good mates since they were little. Cousins are marvellous accessories, because there's a sense of shared adversity (all those eye-rolling details of your wider family to groan about) and you're usually relaxed in each other's company because there's nothing to prove and nothing to hide. Familiarity breeds content. A relationship with a cousin is very much take-it-orleave-it. If you don't see each other for years it doesn't particularly matter. And as well as first cousins there are second cousins and cousins once or twice removed. Nobody ever seems quite sure what that means, but you might send them a Christmas card anyway. If you don't really like them they can be forgetten in a way that isn't allowed with closer relatives. In fiction the long-lost cousin has traditionally provided a neat way to bring together characters who wouldn't normally meet. Urban sophisticates discover "country cousins" living in the sticks. Orphaned heroines are sent to live with distant relatives who have awful offspring to deal with. Harry Potter had to live with his aunt and uncle Petunia and Vernon Dursley, only to be bullied by nasty coz Dudley. Conversely, when Enid Blyton wrote the Famous Five stories, she understood how much pleasure children can get from being with cousins. Siblings Anne, Julian and Dick are forever being palmed off for the school holidays on their blissfully inattentive Aunt Fanny and Uncle Quentin, and spend time in Cornwall with their tomboy cousin George and her dog Timmy. This gives them endless scope for adventures with lashings of ginger beer. There's nothing like that heady mix of familiarity and novelty that a visit to cousins can provide. In Andrew, Eugenie has the most embarrassing dad in the world. Harry has possibly the most annoying wife. They have a lot to discuss. But maybe they parked all that and kept it simple.That's the joy of cousins. -------- The MCC has cancelled the 200-year-old traditional cricket fixture between Eton and Harrow at Lord's, along with the one between Oxford and Cambridge. In the name of diversity, natch. Cricket commentator Henry Blofeld, who has played in both matches, said: "I suppose the 'antis' will be cheering and old farts like me will be sad." Not that this match was always a civilised occasion. In Anne De Courcy's wonderful book 1939: The Last Season, an account of the summer before the outbreak of war, she describes the violent aftermath as Harrow finally beat Eton for the first time in 31 years. She quotes the Sunday Express's report: "When the winning run was scored, Lord's became a bear garden and it wasn't the boys that started it, but their elders, pillars of county society, figures on the stock exchange, grey-haired businessmen. "Elderly men took off their toppers, which were kicked from their hands. One distinguished-looking Old Etonian punched a clerical Old Harrovian. "Two other Old Harrovians set upon their school enemy. "He was thrown to the ground, his tie torn off and his coat lifted exposing light blue braces... in a few seconds he was debagged." -------- The ongoing Coleen Rooney/ RebekahVardy feud is like one of those films where a couple of creaky old dinosaurs are brought back to life by a mad scientist and begin a fight to the finish, roaring and grappling, gouging with acrylic nails and whipping each other with hair extensions. (To recap this whole lumbering saga: Back in 2019 Coleen was dubbed "Wagatha Christie" when she put false information on social media in an attempt to unmask who was responsible for leaking stories about her. This led her to conclude that Jamie Vardy's wife Rebekah was responsible.) What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Last week, after a pause in hostilities, Coleen lost the latest round in her libel battle when she failed to get permission to sue Mrs V's publicity agent. Rooney and Vardy are creatures from another era when handbags-at-dawn millionaire wags added to the gaiety of the nation along with the wayward behaviour of some of their spouses. How different from today's footballers (apart from the one who played keepy-uppy with his cat) who tend to be saintly, clean-living youngsters with partners to match. -------- Jude Law stars in a film called The Nest currently on Netflix. It's set in the 1980s where he plays a City trader who's spinning too many plates and maintaining a lifestyle far above his means (private schools for the kids, a horse for his wife). Slumped in a taxi (which he can't pay for) the cabbie asks him what he does. "I pretend to be rich," says the Jude Law character. A great line. We all pretended to be richer than we were in the loadsamoney 1980s. And, according to a survey by King's College, two-thirds of us are nostalgic for that flashy decade of shoulder pads and Duran Duran. Well it was more fun than now, that's for sure. -------- Scandal in a peaceful Oxfordshire village when Air Marshal Andrew Turner was spotted by neighbour Simon Herbert at a distance of 30 metres, naked in his paddock and "not even wearing shoes". Turner insists he had merely popped out (as it were) to retrieve a tennis ball for his dogs on a hot August day and has sent an apology which doesn't seem to have been quite enough for the Herberts. Mr Herbert's partner is still said to be "upset" by the sight of the air marshal's full regalia. If all this wasn't hilarious enough the village in question is called Cane End. Ooh missus! -------- My thoughts are with the suspects in the Downing Street Partygate scandal, still toiling over the questionnaires sent out by the Metropolitan Police. Is this common practice in criminal circles these days? In which case it will prove a big problem for any new cop series. What will happen to the cut and thrust and high drama of the interview room if it's just a suspect chewing the end of a pencil pondering over the query, "Bang to rights? Do you 1) Agree 2) Disagree 3) Strongly disagree?"