They were all wearing masks although Covid wasn’t the enemy – Putin is. And these infants with their plaits and ponytails and their coloured trainers were being taught about explosives and bullet proof vests in an underground bomb shelter where they will have to hide when Putin’s bombs start raining down. How the hell did this happen at the heart of Europe? How can the people of this sophisticated, democratic European country be going about their business one day – going to work, to cafes, to bars, shopping – and the next arming up for an all-out war with a despot who says he want to “de-Nazify” the peaceful democracy that is Ukraine? Putin is a psychopath who’ll be satisfied with nothing less than the total obliteration of that democracy and its sovereign institutions, so his epitaph will read: “The man who restored Mother Russia”. And if that doesn’t frighten the life out of you – it should. Because it shows how easily democracy can be snatched away. The Ukrainian people are just like us. They’re also a gentle nation. Yet today they’re having to take up arms to fight for their way of life – huddling below ground in train stations hiding from Putin’s bombs. Young men who should be at school or university are fighting and dying because a maniac just decided their sovereign country is going to be his. Can you even begin to imagine that? If you can’t – you need to because it’s happening on our doorstep. As Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, said when he was begging a dithering Europe for help: “This is the sound of a new Iron Curtain which has come down and is closing Russia off from the civilised world.” And the West has a moral duty to stop it. We need to hit Russia hard and tell Putin “NO”. But in effect we’ve bottled it – and we’ve been bottling it for weeks. The idiot Macron was never interested in helping Ukraine just in making himself look important on the world stage. Our little country stood up to the Bear with tough-ish sanctions but the EU has thwarted them by refusing to kick Russia out of SWIFT – the world’s biggest banking system – which would have wrecked Putin’s failing economy. But no they need his gas so sod the Ukrainian people! But we have to DO something more than sanctions now or there’s nothing to stop Putin rolling his tanks into other independent countries. But my fear is that we won’t because the West just doesn’t have the stomach for it. Seriously, what the hell has it been doing these past months as thousands of Russian troops have been amassing on the border? Yes, Western leaders have been grandstanding and threatening but Putin has been laughing at their weakness. Biden has been pathetically feeble (do we really think this would have happened if Trump had been in the White House?) The EU has been worse than useless. Where is the courage, the resolve? What the hell does Nato exist for if not for this? Putin knows the West is weak – both militarily and mentally – which is why he’s now in Kyiv bombing whatever and whoever stands in his way. He has humiliated Western leaders in recent weeks who stupidly believed they could bring him to heel, not understanding Putin has known all along exactly what he was going to do. He just thought he’d humiliate the West first – for fun. Well, mission accomplished. But our humiliation is irrelevant now. The Ukrainian people are what’s important. And as we all go about our lives this weekend – shopping, meeting friends, playing with our kids – just think about them. They were doing all that just a few days ago. Now they’re huddling in bunkers trying to save their children from a psychopath’s bombs. In future – if there is one – we must stop listening to idiots like Corbyn screaming for us to disarm, insisting conventional wars with bombs and guns won’t ever happen again. Well, we’re seeing one right now at the heart of Europe – and we’re powerless to stop it. Not just because we don’t have the weapons but because the West doesn’t have the will. ----------------- Emily Maitlis has left the BBC because, apparently, she’s fed up with being ticked off for breaking impartiality rules. That’s the good news. The bad news is that during her time as Newsnight’s anchor the ratings have fallen off a cliff. Maitlis joined as the main presenter in 2006. In 2008 Newsnight was pulling in 867,000 viewers a night. Last year Victoria Derbyshire said they had plummeted to 297,000. Last night a BBC executive insisted Newsnight was safe after the Maitlis exodus. I’m guessing it might even get a whole lot better without her, providing her replacement isn’t a rabid Leftie. But the fact remains an arrogant, partisan presenter was being paid £300,000 a year for presenting a show that was going down the toilet. Well done Auntie for rewarding failure with OUR money! ----------------- M15 and MI6 spies have been told to think about their “white privilege” and not to use words like “strong”, “grip” and “manpower” because they “reinforce dominant cultural patterns”. This is beyond parody. Our security forces have never faced greater challenges than right now. We have war raging in Ukraine and terrorists on our streets, yet the idiot running our National Security Council – a pen pusher called Sir Stephen Lovegrove – thinks now’s the time to talk about diversity and “unconscious bias”. This man shouldn’t be in charge of a NCP car park, let alone national security. He’s also dangerous because he’s making our security services look foolish in the eyes of the world. Lovegrove, who clearly cares more about the use of proper pronouns than he does about keeping us all alive, has form for wokery and was promoting Black Lives Matter when he was permanent secretary at the MOD. Maybe if he’d been thinking less about diversity and inclusion we might now be more on top of the catastrophe unfolding in Ukraine. There is no place in what has suddenly become a very dangerous world for idiots like Lovegrove. War is a serious business and it’s terrifying that we have a bloke heading up our national security who’s worrying about pronouns while his opposite number in Russia is training killers! What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- Britain now has a shop that sells nothing but bottled mineral water, some of it costing £120 a bottle. The shop in Fulham, south west London, is run by water sommelier Milin Patel who insists no two waters taste the same and says he sources his from natural springs, rain pools and melted glacier water from Patagonia. It’s as well Milin’s launched his shop in posh London. Anyone North of Watford would laugh in his face at water costing £120 a bottle. It’s almost as daft as someone calling themselves a water sommelier. ------------------ Has the RSPCA prosecuted monster footballer Kurt Zouma yet? If not, why not? Two weeks ago we were told they could be charging the West Ham player “within days”. Yet still nothing. They have him on film committing a hideous act of cruelty so what are they waiting for? Are they scared of his fame? The fact is he used a defenceless animal as a football and if the RSPCA don’t prosecute him for that what the hell does it exist for? ----------------- Abba’s Bjorn Ulvaeus and his wife, Lena, are splitting after 41 years despite the fact, he says, they were making love four times a week. He’s 76 and she’s 73. First off, I don’t believe him. Second, if it really is true, no wonder she wants out!