Losing your child in a supermarket is a common situation for parents. But one mum, who experienced the gut-wrenching feeling of a wandering child took to social media to share a technique to find said missing child that all parents should be aware of. Jess Martin, who posts under the username @jesmartin, took to TikTok to share her top tips when it comes to being reunited with your child in a busy supermarket. She explained a “looking loudly” technique that helped her find her son, the day he wandered off. “All teachers, parents, caregivers, nannies, anybody who is regularly responsible for children should hear this,” Jess began. “Here are some tips to keep your child safe and if they ever do - God forbid - go missing in a public place. READ MORE: Food recall: Tesco recalls meat product over salmonella presence “If you're at an amusement park, zoo, mall, whatever it is, and you look around and your child is no longer with you, what you want to do is start loudly looking for them. “Do not start silently looking for them. “You want to look loudly, and what I mean by that is you start shouting their description while you look. “It's going to sound like this: ‘I’m looking for a boy, age five, short brown hair, brown eyes, Caucasian, red Nike T-shirt, black shorts, black shoes.’ DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton style: Duchess of Cambridge wears red Zara blazer [SHOP]Food recall: Waitrose recalls three products over salmonella presence [NEWS]Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss [EXPERT] “And you’re going to keep repeating that loudly over and over again as you look. “We want as many people to start looking for that kid. “Best case scenario, someone sees your kid and can alert you and knows to bring that child back to you. “Worst case scenario, somebody is walking away with your kid and they are more likely to let them go as they don’t want that kind of commotion. “They know everyone in that place is looking for that child.” Jess commented: “You may feel you look stupid doing it, and maybe you do, but it is so much better to look stupid than to be sorry.” She also said, “if you are in a group with more than one adult, make sure that the other adult goes to the exit so that doesn’t walk out with anybody”. “And always, always alert personnel because most places, stores, have protocols in place when looking for a missing child.” The mum also suggested dressing your child in bright matching colours, so they are easy to spot when they are in public. She said: “Once I was at a play place and there were three brothers and they were all dressed in neon pink. “The only thing I could focus on was those brothers because they stood out so much.” Jess also suggested going one step further and taking photos of your children before they leave the house, so you have images of how they exactly look on that day. “Make sure that picture includes their shoes,” Jess said and noted how “a potential abductor can easily change a shirt…but not shoes”. Another tip is writing your phone number on their arms.