Lloyds Bank has urged older people to stay vigilant, following a spate of pension-related scams. The bank has said fraudsters can target pension money specifically, and thus people need to know how to keep safe. Those particularly at risk are individuals who are saving money into a pension - a popular action in preparing for retirement. While Britons are putting away hard-earned cash, fraudsters remain on the prowl, ready to pounce on unwitting victims. Those who pay into a pension could be at risk without even realising it. They may receive a phone call or email, or even an in-person visit to discuss their pension options and plans for retirement. READ MORE: State pension payments confirmed to rise this year But according to Lloyds, people should be particularly alert to offers received out of the blue. Its website states: “Beware of sudden offers. If you get a sudden call that offers any kind of pension help or deal, hang up. “This is a common scam. For an email or text, don’t reply, just delete.” In a similar sense, Britons may come across a great deal to help with their pension cash and retirement. DON'T MISSWoman shares 'best thing she did' as pension could fall £143,000 short [EXCLUSIVE]Britons could slash inheritance tax bill - take action this tax year [ANALYSIS]State pension warning as non-working Britons may lose out [UPDATE] But if it seems too good to be true, then it probably is, and individuals should always be vigilant. Scams, the bank explains, can often hide behind deals which offer great returns if a person transfers their pension or releases cash from it. However, these can often be high risk or complex and long-term investments. Aside from simply being a scam, deals such as these may also hide significantly large fees which can eat away at a person’s pension cash. Lloyds Bank adds: “If you’re under 55 years of age and a firm offers help to release cash from your pension, it’s usually a scam.” Individuals should always make sure pension offers and advice are not part of a scam. Those who are put under pressure or forced to make quick decisions should be aware this is usually a scam tactic. In addition, fraudsters can also go to elaborate lengths to add to the legitimacy of their claims, making fake websites and facts about pensions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As a result, Lloyds states pension savers should always use a website address and contact details from the website of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). This helps to ensure the information is accurate and people are speaking with a legitimate source. Those who believe they may have fallen victim to a scam can contact Action Fraud, the national fraud and cybercrime reporting service. Furthermore, Britons should also reach out to their bank as soon as possible to inform them what has happened, and potentially stop any transaction from occurring.