Sean Penn is on the ground in Ukraine for a documentary that will catalogue Russia’s invasion of the country, Vice Studios confirmed. The film has been in consideration for a number of months, as the Hollywood icon was last spotted in the nation back in November 2021. After visiting its army with a production team, filming commenced recently, just as news broke of President Putin’s military intentions. The original intention of the documentary appears to have been to explore the tensions between the two nations and see what Ukraine was doing to prepare for the worst. Penn then found himself at the heart of the biggest military incursion in decades. The Office of the President of Ukraine released a statement on Facebook on Thursday regarding the actor’s documentary and presence in the country. Translated, it read: “The director specially came to Kyiv to record all the events that are currently happening in Ukraine and to tell the world the truth about Russia’s invasion of our country. Sean Penn is among those who support Ukraine in Ukraine today. Our country is grateful to him for such a show of courage and honesty.” READ MORE: We've seen off the Russians before, we can do it again The statement continued: “Sean Penn demonstrates the courage that many others, including Western politicians, lack. The more such people in our country now, true friends of Ukraine, who support the struggle for freedom, the sooner it will be possible to stop Russia’s treacherous attack.” The statement goes on to say that the actor has visited the Office of the President, attended a press briefing and has been speaking to military personnel and journalists across the country. Humanitarian documentaries are nothing new for the actor, as Penn has been involved in charitable projects for years. In 2020, the 61-year-old produced the Discovery Plus documentary Citizen Penn which followed his efforts to set up Community Organised Relief Effort, a charitable organisation. Also known as CORE, it was established after the Haiti earthquakes in 2012. Penn was also featured in VAX LIVE: The Concert to Reunite the World in 2021, established to encourage millions to get the COVID-19 vaccine. It isn’t clear when the Ukrainian documentary will release, as the situation is continually developing in the nation. DON'T MISS...Putin humiliates EU as bloc forced to buy MORE Russian gas [INSIGHT]Liz Truss boots out Moscow envoy with 'pariah' blast [EXPLAINER]Garraway skewers Starmer as he dodges 'human cost' probe of Ukraine [INSIGHT] President Volodymyr Zelenskyy declared martial law following the Russian military’s incursion. In a Twitter post on Thursday, the Ukrainian leader wrote: "Russia treacherously attacked our state in the morning, as Nazi Germany did in [World War II] years. As of today, our countries are on different sides of world history." Citizens continue to flee west in their thousands following the attack. According to Reuters, a four-lane motorway to Lviv, a western Ukrainian city about 60 miles from the Polish border was overrun with a line of cars stretching for kilometres. SOURCE