Dame Helen Mirren joined Lorraine Kelly on her daytime TV show to discuss her upcoming film with Jim Broadbent, The Duke. Whilst discussing her latest role, Lorraine touched on her successful career and her award from the Los Angeles Screen Actors Guild (SAG). Looking back, Dame Helen teased at her upcoming retirement stating it was the "end of the road". After Lorraine congratulated Dame Helen on her award nomination, she expressed: "That's a big deal I didn't sort of grasp how big a deal it was. "It's a funny moment that, of course, there is a great feeling of pride, you know 'Wow, me, really?' and then, of course, there is a slight sting in the tail as well of 'Oh gosh.' "You know in a way that you are coming to the end of the road, certainly the road is in sight where it wasn't sort of 20 years ago, and you can see it down the road. "It is a moment for reflection of 'Do I deserve this?' 'How did I get here?' 'How did that happen?' READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life "You know, was it luck or was it agency on my part, so it's an interesting moment of reflection, really." Lorraine shut down Dame Helen's claims: "Listen, it is far far down the road, so behave yourself it is far down the road!" Speaking to You magazine about her Lifetime Achievement Award recently, Dam Helen said: "Yes, it’s extraordinary. "I genuinely do not feel I remotely deserve it, except that I’m still alive and working. "I’ve done some wonderful films, and I’ve done some pretty awful films. It took me by surprise completely. A great honour." Dame Helen also opened up about having imposter syndrome throughout her career and having the constant feeling of being "found out". She admitted: "[An] endless, niggling feeling of ‘Oh God I’m going to be found out any minute now. I got away with it that time, but next time I’ll be found out.’ "Because you can never be absolutely sure that you’re that good at what you do. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [WATCH]Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen? [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [LATEST] "I think of myself as still being the way I was in my mind, in my body, through my 20s, 30s and 40s: struggling, ambitious, frustrated and self-critical." Her upcoming film The Duke is based on a true story and is a comedy with a lot of heart and a lot of feeling. In the movie, 60-year-old taxi driver Kempton Bunton, played by Jim Broadbent, goes on trial at the Old Bailey for stealing a portrait of the Duke of Wellington by Francisco Goya from the National Portrait Gallery in London. She told Lorraine: "It was a wonderful script, certain scripts you read, and you go 'I have to do this because that is just a beautiful piece of writing. "All of the lovely wit was in the script but also that wonderful thread of a tragedy that is running through this family, so it is quite a multi-layered film, and that is what I loved about it. "It obviously is a comedy, it is very funny, and Jim is brilliant as always, but it does have this real thread of the kind of tragedy many families face. "This was a story that I hadn't heard of, it somehow escaped me, I hadn't read about it, so it came as a surprise to me as well. "It is such a lovely, charming, quintessentially British story, I like to believe." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.