Raising Kanan transported fans back to New York in the 90s to gain insight into the upbringing of Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) who first made an appearance in the original series of Power. As one of the few new characters in the prequel spin-off, London Brown revealed what it was like portraying Marvin Thomas.  Power fans originally met Kanan as a complex and troubled individual who never hesitated to pull out his gun. Even while he was in prison, he was setting up a way to seek revenge on James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (Omari Harwick) who ensured he spent time behind bars. Even with his hardened shell, viewers saw a small amount of vulnerability to Kanan when it came to his cousin Jukebox (Anika Noni Rose) who he trusted with his entire being. However, after he met his demise in season five, viewers wanted to know more about his background, therefore bosses ordered Raising Kanan to see how became a calculated individual. READ MORE:  When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? In the spin-off series, fans saw Kanan as a promising 15-year-old high school student, who had the potential to excel at school. Despite this, he remained distracted and was more fascinated by a life of crime, which his family were already heavily involved in. Although his mother Raquel ‘Raq’ Thomas (Patina Miller) did all she could to shelter him from the dangers of supplying drugs, Kanan wanted in with the intention of protecting his mother. However, Raq was a glamourous queen pin who was highly respected and alongside her brothers who were also her associates, she knew how to protect herself in the widely male-dominated business. While Kanan and Jukebox (Hailey Kilgore) were already established characters, his uncle Marvin Thomas was a fresh face to the franchise. In an interview with Deadline, the actor London Brown opened up about playing a new character in the prequel spin-off series. Brown disclosed: "I think what’s cool about Marvin and the privilege of playing an original character is that I get to create him from the ground up and establish him. “I think if people look at Marvin more intently, they'll understand that Marvin actually is a little bit of everyone.” DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]Power Book 3 delayed: Raising Kanan season 2 on Starz pushed back [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan showrunner pays heartfelt tribute to the cast and crew [INSIGHT] The actor continued: “When he's giving orders to his Kanan, he’s Raq, “When he’s more sensitive, that’s a little bit of Loulou (Malcolm Mays), when he’s being sinister you see a piece of Unique (Joey Badass) “When he’s dealing with internal feelings he’s Jukebox.” Brown added: “He’s actually layered in that kind of way, so I just want to make sure that I brought something interesting, amongst these other experienced actors that will keep Marvin around and be someone that people would like to follow throughout the story.” Marvin was the muscle for Raq’s drug ring even though he was the eldest sibling, his ideas were often brushed aside. However, his temper and volatile aggression came in handy whenever the family were threatened, which ensured he was quick to spring into action when required. Sadly, his daughter Jukebox was at the receiving end of his anger when the youngster came out to him, which showed just how toxic their relationship was. Tensions boiled over when Jukebox spat on her father, after he continued to taunt her about her sexuality, this resulted in a physical altercation, where Marvin nearly choked his daughter to death before snapping out it. Thankfully, the cast is currently filming season two, so fans will soon see the fate of their relationship moving forward. Raising Kanan is available to stream in the US on Starz and is available on Starzplay in the UK. 