This follows Vladimir Putin’s recognition of the breakaway Lugansk and Donetsk regions as independent, and the reported sending in of tanks. Number 10 sources suggest this “could well be a precursor to a full scale Russian invasion”. While a new package of sanctions against Moscow is being planned by the Government, Ms Truss has called on all British national in Ukraine to leave the country. In a post on Twitter, she said: “The safety and security of British nationals in Ukraine is our top priority. “We are bolstering our teams in the region to support British people as they leave and once they have crossed the border.” Mr Kelin recently criticised Ms Truss’s diplomatic efforts to bring the dispute with Russia to an end, suggesting to the PA news agency he could see “no UK role in each of constructive solutions”. After footage was revealed showing Russian tanks on the outskirts of the breakaway Donetsk region, Boris Johnson announced a new set of sanctions would be quickly introduced. He said: “[Putin has] completely torn up international law. READ MORE: Truss hit by another post-Brexit row “[These will be] targeted not just at entities in Donbas, in Luhansk and Donestsk, but in Russia itself, targeting Russian economic interests as hard as we can." Mr Johnson later praised Germany’s plan to scrap the Nord Stream 2 pipeline from Russia. DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] His spokesman said: “Europe has to ween itself off Russian hydro-carbon. "It's a point we've made consistently with regards to Nord Stream 2.” It has been feared that the west’s dependence on Moscow for energy would weaken its response to any aggression from the Kremlin. The EU has announced it will also implement further sanctions, though the impact of these has been brought into question. Ghanem Nuseibeh, founder of Cornerstone Global Associates, suggested Brussels can not go too far – perhaps not far enough – when implementing restrictions due to the fear they would inflict more damage at home than abroad. In a post on Twitter, he wrote: “Any effective sanctions against Russia will be more painful to the EU than to Russia.”