Pension Credit is a benefit which provides additional income each week to pensioners who need it. The benefit is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and the amount someone can get will vary depending on their situation. Guarantee Credit is the core element of Pension Credit and tops up a pensioner’s weekly income to £177.10 if they are single and currently have less income than that amount. For people who have a partner, the top up can take their income to £270.30. Those who have additional needs or responsibilities may be able to get an extra amount. Britons may get an additional £67.30 of Pension Credit per week if they have a severe disability. READ MORE: ‘Future looks bleak!’ Pensioners could get £500 boost if they claim Cold Weather Payments Recipients of the following benefits could get the extra amount: DON'T MISSCold Weather Payments due this winter - full list of eligible postcodes [INSIGHT]Money making tips: 10 of the best side hustles where you can earn £500 a month [TIPS]Council tax rebate: How to apply for £150 off bill whatever your council tax band [ALERT] Pensioners who care for another adult might be able to receive an extra £37.70 of Pension Credit each week. The additional amount is available to those who: Pensioners could receive an additional £54.60 of Pension Credit a week for each child or young person they are responsible for. This rises to £65.10 a week for the first child in someone’s care if they were born before April 6, 2017. The child or young person must normally live with the Pension Credit recipient and be under the age of 20. People with housing costs could also get an extra Pension Credit boost. Exactly how much depends on the type and amount of housing costs someone has. Pensioners may get help with the following housing costs: Savings Credit provides a financial boost for people who have slightly more income, meaning if someone cannot get Guarantee Credit, they may still get some support through Savings Credit. This could pay out up to £14.04 Savings Credit a week for single pensioners and £15.71 for those with a partner. To get Savings Credit, someone must have reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. Applications for Pension Credit can be made online via the Government website, or on the phone by calling the claim line on 0800 99 1234. People can also apply by post. They should print out, fill in and send off a Pension Credit claim form or call the claim line to request a form.