Ralf Rangnick was quizzed on Harry Maguire's claim that he was 'embarrassed' by Manchester United's lack of threat from corners after the Red Devils dug deep to secure a hard-fought victory over Leeds United on Sunday afternoon. United raced into an early lead thanks to first-half goals from Maguire and Bruno Fernandes but were unable to prevent the hosts from clawing their way back into the match with a quick-fire double after the break. Maguire headed United into the lead after the half-hour mark when he rose highest to meet a corner before thumping the ball past Leeds goalkeeper Illan Meslier. Fernandes went on to double his side's advantage as he connected with Jadon Sancho's delivery to nod home with a simple finish from close range as half-time approached. Leeds struggled to pose much of a threat to United in the opening 45 minutes but managed to fly out of the blocks after the interval to give the Red Devils an almighty scare. Rodrigo's attempted cross looped into the back of the net to halve the deficit on 53 minutes before Raphinha put his side back on level terms almost immediately after the resulting kick-off. United were in no mood to lie down, though, and regained the upper hand with 20 minutes left to play when Fred lashed the ball home at the near post. JUST IN: Man Utd captain Harry Maguire explains why he's 'embarrassed' Anthony Elanga went on to add a late insurance goal to rubber-stamp the points for the visitors, who moved four points clear of fifth-placed West Ham as a result of their latest victory. Rangnick was questioned after the full-time whistle on Maguire's post-match claim that he was embarrassed by United's inability to score from corners after ending the club's barren spell that had lasted for almost two years with his first-half goal. The German coach insisted that it was not the most important aspect of the match before naming his side's fighting spirit as the most pleasing characteristic of their performance at Elland Road. "As far as I know, it was since April so almost a year and nine months [since United last scored from a corner]," Rangnick told Sky Sports. "It was a great goal, a good delivery and a free header from Maguire [but] the most important was the reaction we showed after the equaliser." Rangnick went on to run the rule over United's performance by suggesting that they have already made plenty of of progress as a team during his short time in charge of the club. "A fantastic game to watch if you are not a manager of the two teams," added the 63-year-old. "It was a very good first half, we had control of the match. We could have been three or four-nil up. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "Within two minutes it was completely different. Their first goal was a bit lucky for them. "After two minutes it was 2-2 and the five minutes after that were really intense and difficult for us. We showed maturity as a team. "I'm not sure this would have happened two months ago but it happened today, we deserved to win." Rangnick will be hoping for another welcome victory when United face Atletico Madrid in the first knockout stage of the Champions League in midweek. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here