When the first instalment of Love Is Blind dropped on Netflix at the beginning of 2020, viewers were obsessed with the reality dating show with a twist. With only the reunion episode of season two left to air, all the drama of the latest series is out in the open, or so viewers think, and one of the romantic hopefuls has broken his silence on what really went down. Eight couples got engaged on the show, with only six making it to the final edit; the show creator had previously said they didn't "have the bandwidth" to feature every contestant. This time around, fans were rooting for Natalie Lee and Shayne Jansen. All was looking good in the pods for the smitten couple, but things got a bit rocky when leaving the safety of the pods, partly due to fellow contestant and troublemaker Shaina's attraction to Shayne. "I put a star by your name," Natalie declared to Shayne after their first pod-date, with Shayne responding: "It was so easy to talk to you...I just liked your energy." Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist?  Unfortunately it wasn't meant to be as the couple argued the night before their wedding day, which left Natalie unsure about their future before it even began. However, Shayne took to social media over the weekend to give his 214,000 followers an update on their friendship. He said: "Natalie Mina Lee. Where do I start? This journey with you will be something I'll never forget. It was easily the best time of my life and I would do it all over again knowing I get to spend more time with you. "From our first date eating in-n-out and you getting both milkshakes to our walks around Grant Park. You are the most beautiful soul and you really brought out the best in me as a man. As a man watching our story over again."  Shayne accompanied the heartfelt message with several happy couple photos, from looking out over sunsets to eating at fast-food establishments. The 32-year-old broker continued: "I'm remorseful for my actions and all I can do is learn from them to be a better man. "I'm proud of being vulnerable and being as genuine as possible. I don't know what's next for us but I do know that I will never stop loving you." Shayne ended by clarifying he and Natalie did not break up because of fellow Love Is Blind star Shaina. DON’T MISS…Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch [LATEST]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap after almost 20 years [SPOILERS]Call The Midwife's Doctor Turner admits falling 'madly in love' with BBC co-star wife [LATEST]  He concluded: "To put some other rumours to rest, Shaina and I are cordial and have hung out in group gatherings with the cast (with Natalie), but we have never had nor will ever have a romantic relationship. I wish her all the best." Natalie shared his post to her Instagram stories and commented on the post with a love heart, saying: "You are a better man." The show's official channel tweeted on the wedding special episode release date: "The wedding episode is now streaming. Finally see which of our couples say I do! Then, on March 4, come back for the Love is Blind Reunion to see what they have to say about the experiment now." Fans chimed in to share their thoughts on who looked the best in their wedding dress and if they thought the couples would stay together.   The final episode was unsurprisingly explosive, with several couples having awkward moments and many not feeling their partner was the one at the altar. When asked if he would take Mallory Zapata to be his wife, Salvador Perez said: "I cannot. I feel like I just need more time." Once everyone had left, Mallory wanted answers and asked: "Do you want to keep exploring a relationship with me?"    