Professor Denis Kinane, Immunologist and Founding Scientist at Cignpost Diagnostics, was speaking after the Prime Minister announced all coronavirus laws in England, including the legal requirement for people who test positive to isolate, will end on Thursday, with free universal testing is scrapped in April. The move was dismissed by Sir Keir Starmer as “half-baked” - with the Labour leader suggesting it was "not a plan to live well with Covid" while pressing for the publication of the scientific evidence to back up the decision. Prof Kinane told Express.co.uk: "I completely understand why the Government wants to try to return to normal quickly. “But I believe that there are some sensible precautions that could be taken at small cost that could continue to provide vital protection.” He said: “First, we should look at how to continue with a much reduced testing programme to enable us to be on alert for new variants. “Some countries for example use wastewater testing or random PCR tests. This would reduce costs significantly but would still enable us to spot new variants.” Additionally, all private testing companies should publish the results of their testing, Prof Kinane stressed. He explained: “While the Government will no longer be funding tests, there will still be a significant number of tests undertaken each day. READ MORE: Brexit-freedoms finally unleashed! EU red tape torn up - rules ditched He explained: “While the Government will no longer be funding tests, there will still be a significant number of tests undertaken each day. “This includes businesses encouraging those working from home to come back to the office and passengers travelling to countries where a LF or PCR test is required for entry. “Publishing that data would provide the public and the UK health authorities with the most up to date information on Covid infections, including any new variants.” DON'T MISSPolice blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm [REPORT]Russia-Ukraine LIVE: 'Demilitarise or else' Putin unleashes troops [INSIGHT]Macron humiliated by Putin after 'pledging not to escalate' war threat [ANALYSIS] “Publishing that data would provide the public and the UK health authorities with the most up to date information on Covid infections, including any new variants.” Prof Kinane emphasised: “Though the Prime Minister's decision to end all COVID-19 restrictions is an expected move, it is critical to understand that the virus has not disappeared and continues to spread. “It also takes no account of the emergence of a new variant which, without PCR testing, will spread amongst the population without detection. “While ending the mandatory self-isolation requirement for positive tests would mean a full return to the freedoms of daily life and further ease the shortages on the workforce, it is not without risk as infection levels remain high. ”Individuals should continue practicing hand-washing, social distancing and mask-wearing indoors wherever possible, in order to protect themselves and those around them, he said. Mr Kinane continued: “The UK's comprehensive testing regime thus far has been a critical element in protecting our population and particularly in helping to track the emergence and behaviour of multiple variants of the virus.” “Gold-standard” PCR testing was integral in order to identify and analyse the virus’s behaviour, he argued, and it was in the interest of public health to retain a testing framework which helped the UK act speedily against new variants. In conclusion, Mr Kinane said: “Early identification of Omicron through PCR sequencing meant the Government was able to act extremely swiftly and decisively, leading to the rapid deployment of the booster programme. “The latest variant is rightly being treated with caution by the WHO and it is important that we keep a close eye on developments. “While Omicron has for many been a milder infection, it is too early to assume that future variants will follow this same trend.”