The Government launched a public consultation in 2019 which looked to hear opinions on proposals to introduce new building regulations in England. This would mandate electric vehicle chargepoint infrastructure in new homes, new non-residential buildings, and when some buildings are renovated. Under the plans, existing building regulations will be altered to require every new home, including flats and dwellings created from a change of use, to have EV charging infrastructure. This will mean that there will need to be “at least” one charging station per dwelling with “associated parking”. In addition, residential buildings undergoing major renovation with more than 10 parking spaces will need to have at least one electric vehicle chargepoint for each dwelling with associated parking. The Department for Transport stated this change could mean an extra 145,000 charging points are installed in England each year. READ MORE: Petrol changes could be made after motorsport use of sustainable fuels Joel Teague, Founder and CEO of Co Charger, praised the law for bringing progress to the charging sector, but questioned whether it went too far. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “It’s a step in the right direction by people who really need it. “The frustration in it is it says ‘if you’ve got a block of flats with communal parking and space for each flat, every space has to have a charger on it’. “Why would you need that? One charger could easily service five vehicles. DON'T MISSDVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [INSIGHT]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [WARNING]EU speed limiters will make drivers 'complacent' with more accidents [SHOCKING] “It’s going to be at least five years before everyone there has an EV. “If a block of flats has its own communal car park and spaces. The law says if they’re doing upgrades they would need to have loads of chargers running at once." This law change is part of its wider plan to cut carbon emissions, with £1.3billion of investment being committed to electric vehicle charging infrastructure rollout. An additional £620million was committed at the 2021 Spending Review to targeted vehicle grants and infrastructure. Mr Teague added: “What we’re saying is that actually just put in one home charger in one of your visitor spots, draw a yellow line around it and put up a Co Charger sign. “That’s all you need to do. And when that gets too busy, you just put up another charger. “You spend £1,000. You don’t need a commercial charger. You don’t need groundwork. You don’t need to upgrade the electricity supply. “You just go on the app. And when it gets too busy, you just add more in. “It’s a shame that the law goes completely over the top and put in a load of chargers that a large majority of which will never get used before they’re worn out by the weather. “Overall though, it’s a solid plan, but it just goes a bit overboard. “At this rate with battery technology, you’re going to be charging less than once every two weeks by necessity.” It is not yet known when this law will be passed, although it is believed to be put into action at some point in the coming months. The move also comes in the run-up to the Government’s ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles in 2030 and a similar ban on hybrid vehicles in 2035.