As Storm Eunice battered many parts of Britain mid month, parts of England and Scotland saw snow fall and shivering temperatures. It could mean that four million people are now due a Cold Weather Payment to help them pay their energy bills. A Cold Weather Payment is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) every time the temperature falls, or is predicted to fall, below zero for seven days. The Government scheme runs from November 1 to March 31 and is designed to help those on a low income meet additional heating costs during the winter months. According to the DWP, four million households are now entitled to at least £25 which could be a lifeline to those who are struggling amid the soaring cost of living. People who live near the Braemar weather station in Scotland should have received £75 so far this winter. READ MORE: Minimum wage is due to increase in April - what does it mean for you? Although payments are made automatically, Britons can check in advance to see if a payment is on its way. All they need to do is enter their postcode on gov.uk to see whether it has been cold enough where they live. If it has been cold enough to trigger a payment but anyone hasn’t received their money, they should contact their local benefits office or Jobcentre. DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] Who is eligible for a Cold Weather Payment? Britons on Pension Credit Those receiving Income Support Anyone on income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance People in receipt of income-related Employment and Support Allowance Britons who get Universal Credit Those receiving support for mortgage interest In addition to cold weather payments, people on a low income might also qualify for a Winter Fuel Payment of up to £400 although this should have been paid already. The money is paid every year to anyone over the age of 60, with people over 80 receiving up to £400. On top of this the Warm Home Discount scheme has also been set up to help people on a low income pay their heating bills during cold weather. This is a payment of £140 which is knocked off someone’s energy bill - to apply for this people need to speak to their energy supplier. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, Martin Lewis has shared how Eon customers might be able to save 24 percent of their energy bills. On Twitter, he wrote: “Eon and Eon Next Direct Debit customer on the price cap?" Mr Lewis continued: “Log in today and see if you're offered Next online V11 one year fix. “It should be same rate as the April price cap (ie 54 percent ish more than now - check). “If so, as cap likely to rise another 24 plus percent in Oct it's a corker.”