And like so many other baby boomers born after the Second World War, I now find myself gripped by that all too familiar fear. Any child growing up in the late 1950s and 1960s was aware that World War Three was always on the cards. We knew about the four-minute warning, which left you time to… do what exactly? We knew about the Cuban Missile Crisis when it seemed we wouldn’t see next week. You could spend time studying maps showing what would happen to where you lived if there was a nuclear attack. I’ve seen those dusted off again this week... concentric circles of doom where no outcome looks promising. Grown-ups talked about “the war” – the Second World War – which by comparison with the existential threat promised by a Third seemed positively cosy. After all, that was a war that could be won, and had been won – by us… the good guys. It was evident that in a Third World War there would only be losers. There have been various moments over the years when that tight fist of fear squeezed again – when you had to think about the unthinkable, when the word “escalation” made your palms sweat. Continuing crises in the Middle East raised the spectre of war over and over again.] The dread has never quite gone away, but since the 1980s – when the anti-nuke movement had a revival – attention has turned away from the idea of war in Europe. The collapse of the Soviet Union and the fall of the Berlin Wall added to an “end of history” feeling and the illusion that democracy had triumphed. And even terrorism, which came close to home with its bombs and extremism, didn’t pose the same kind of existential threat that war or invasion does. This morning a young person (in her 20s) asked me what I think will happen, as though with the benefit of experience I might have the remotest idea. I don’t of course. None of us does. I’ve lived through some sticky moments but I’ve never seen anything that so closely resembled what my parents’ generation lived through in the 1930s. That’s how it seems at the moment. The American vice-president Kamala Harris was wrong when she said Europe has known nothing but peace and security for 70 years. She forgets the Hungarian uprising (1956), the construction of the Berlin Wall (1961), the Prague Spring (1968), Poland’s brave Solidarity adventure (1981), the Balkan wars in the 1990s, and Russia’s attacks on Georgia and Crimea in the last 20 years. But nothing has been quite as bad as this. -------- They were all a-chortle on the Today programme when Jerry (bish! bosh!) Dyer came on to talk about Big Jet TV, his YouTube channel which kept spectators glued to their screens as pilots brought wobbling jets safely down at Heathrow during Storm Eunice. Dyer knows a thing or two about aviation and explained that in bad weather planes will attempt three landings before diverting to another airport. They have enough fuel to allow for this contingency. If only I’d known this when I was landing at Gatwick in the teeth of Storm Dennis. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea During the first attempt the hail on the fuselage sounded like machine-gun fire and the plane swayed like a hammock. The pilot gave up, flew up and came in for another go. I laugh in the face of danger, but I did read the same paragraph in my book 27 times. And it was upside down. On the second attempt we landed to relieved applause from the passengers. I tottered into the baggage hall wondering what else life could throw at one. It was February 2020 and the word Covid was still unknown. -------- Under new government plans schoolchildren who fail maths and English GCSEs will no longer be eligible for student loans. Are you appalled by this? Me neither. Several decades ago this would not have even been remarked upon. Maths and English qualifications – entirely reasonably – were minimum requirements for higher education. But now the Government stands accused of entrenching “inequality between rich and poor, North and South, and black and white... it is introducing an 11-plus type system by the back door”. That’s the view of Prof Rama Thirunamachandran, chair of MillionPlus (the association for modern universities in the UK) and vice-chancellor of Canterbury Christ Church University. Surely the real question is why so many children don’t pass maths and English. To ignore this basic failure and, instead, shoehorn them into higher education for which they are cruelly ill-equipped is far more likely to entrench inequality. What’s more – with next year’s changes to the loan system they will now be paying off their student debt for another decade. Meanwhile (and since the cap on the number of students a university could accept was stupidly removed in 2013) universities will do anything to recruit as many students as possible, whether or not they are likely to benefit from the course. -------- Round my house this week’s enjoyable Netflix nonsense is Inventing Anna with Julia Garner, pictured, who also plays trailer-trash heroine Ruth in Ozark. Garner is the Manhattancon artist Anna Delvey, opposite Anna Chlumsky as Vivian Kent, the pregnant magazine journalist who gets the story. And it’s a pregnancy that the viewers are never allowed to forget. What a performance! Vivian is forever wincing, puffing, gurning and crawling around on all fours. If being pregnant was that bad nobody would do it. Even real-life mothers (and Google tells me that Ms Chlumsky has two children) never get pregnancy or “going into labour” scenes quite right in the movies. Because, no, you don’t start screaming as though you’re being stung by a swarm of hornets at the first contraction. I blame the directors who are usually men and clearly don’t have a clue. -------- Enthusiasms, I’ve had a few. Most recently the “Emma Radacanu effect” (ie people fancying themselves as Grand Slam tennis players in Tiffany jewellery) has apparently led to a desperate shortage of tennis coaches. And thanks to the Beijing Winter Olympics curling is the other unlikely enthusiasm to grip the nation. Unlike most of the other winter sports it doesn’t involve the near certainty of death at high speeds. All you need is a broom and a look of intense concentration. But I’m not convinced by British curling supremo Nigel Holl’s plea to all ice-rink owners to “buy some curling stones, put some curling sheets down and give people the opportunity to try the game”. Enthusiasm is a fragile thing. Come summer I guarantee very few of us will be out sweeping the ice. -------- It must be tough being a rich kid. Well, not that tough – but what do you do if your parents are incredibly famous and you find yourself under intense scrutiny as you start to make your way in the world? Cruz Beckham has now decided to be a singer (like Mummy) and is on the cover of i-D magazine with pink hair and his jeans round his ankles. Sexualised and inappropriate, screamed social media. The poor kid merely looks rather silly to me, which is the last thing you want to hear when you’re just 17.