Everyone has a different type of hair and skin, so one person’s hair might get greasy much quicker than someone else’s. However, washing your hair too often can lead to dehydration, breakage, and limit hair growth. So, what’s the sweet spot? Is it okay to wash your hair every other day? Express.co.uk chatted to Abbas Kanani, a Pharmacist at Chemist Click for Mira Showers to find out everything you need to know about washing your hair. Generally, women tend to wash their hair less often than men because longer hair is more of a chore to wash than short hair. According to pharmacist Mr Kanani, how often you should wash your hair really depends on what shampoo you use, the type of hair you have, and how much oil your scalp produces. You should also consider how hard your water is since regular washing of hair in hard water can lead to an itchy scalp. Most people in the UK say they can go two to three days without washing their hair… But is this the right thing to do? Here are the four rules of hair washing. READ MORE- Morgan Freeman health: Star in constant 'agony' due to condition Women should be washing their hair every one to two days if they have an oily scalp. People with thin or straight hair will also need to wash their hair daily or every other day because these hair types lack texture and oil is easily coated on hair strands. Washing your hair every two to three days is fine otherwise, according to Mr Kanani. If you have afro hair, you should wash your hair about once or twice a week because this hair type needs oil to keep hair soft, curly and prevent damage and drying out. Men, in particular, have additional concerns when it comes to washing their hair since lots of people believe that over-washing your hair can lead to premature hair loss. However, Mr Kanani said: “Shampooing hair on a frequent basis is not likely to contribute to baldness. “Two to four times a week is what is recommended for men, however, if you are using hair products, this can clog pores and reduce the amount of oil produced. Lack of oil can dry out and damage hair.” If your hair gets greasy after one day, wash it. If it doesn’t, you can stretch your hair-wash days out further apart. DON'T MISS...High cholesterol: The drink shown to lower 'bad' cholesterol in weeks [INFORMER]Get Dyson Supersonic hairdyer rival from Shark at record low price [INSIGHT]Can supplements really be used to prevent hair loss? [EXPLAINER] If you frequently suffer from dandruff, how often you wash your hair is a balancing act. Mr Kanani said: “Frequent washing is likely to make dandruff worse. However, not washing often enough can cause scalp itchiness, which can also make dandruff worse. “My advice would be to use a medicated anti-dandruff shampoo two to three times a week and rinse your hair with water two to three days a week to get rid of the flakes.”  Your hair grows around half an inch a month on average, and very little you do will change this. Mr Kanani said: “The frequency that you wash your hair is unlikely to have an impact on your hair growth. “The only added benefit is the heat drawn to the head, which can help to stimulate growth from follicles, but this can be done without a shower.”