There are various benefits which people can claim during the winter months to help ease the cost of heating their home. The Cold Weather Payment is one such benefit Britons may be entitled to. Claimants will receive a payment if the average temperature in their area is recorded as zero degrees celsius or lower for seven straight days. Payments will also be given if the temperature is forecast to be at zero or below for seven consecutive days. One of the benefits of the Cold Weather Payment is that it is not a one time payment. A payment of £25 is made for every seven day period of cold weather between November 1 and March 31. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Payments should be made within 14 days of each period of cold weather. Receiving the Cold Weather Payment does not affect someone’s ability to claim other benefits. Other winter benefits may also be available to Britons in the form of the Winter Fuel Payment and the Warm Home Discount. People who are entitled to certain benefits may be entitled to a Cold Weather Payment. DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions: How Britons could save thousands of pounds on their bills [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak torn apart by 'extremely angry' colleagues over tax hike: 'Tax millionaires!' [REACTION]Sunak’s stupid and cruel 55% pensions tax must be axed before it does even MORE damage [TAX] Recipients of the following benefits may be able to claim a Cold Weather Payment: People who are eligible for a Cold Weather Payment do not need to apply. They will be paid automatically when the weather dictates they should. The Government website offers a service whereby people can check if they are due a payment. To find out, someone simply needs to enter the first part of their postcode. They will then be told if a payment is due in their area. People who are eligible for a Cold Weather Payment should inform the Pension Service or Jobcentre Plus if they go into hospital as this could affect their payment. Those who qualify through Universal Credit can add a note to their online journal, or call the Universal Credit helpline.