Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, informed GB News about Russian President Vladimir Putin's plans to conquer European countries. As tensions between Russia and neighbouring Ukraine continue to heighten, as Putin declared two Ukrainian cities Luhansk and Donestk as Russian states. Putin's move to sign this decree has brought global backlash from Western political leaders, who have threatened strict financial sanctions on Russia for doing so. Ms Truss pushed for other NATO countries to invest in better high tech military defences, as Russia has been strategically building up their defence systems. Ms Truss said: "We have already increased our level of troops to the Baltic Nations, we particularly are supporting Estonia with our enhanced form and presence. "We've upped our level of air support in the region, we've upped our level of Naval support in the region. "And this is a wake-up call for NATO, for years and year, Russia has been building up its military strengths, its been investing in high-tech military capabilities. "We, the United Kingdom have upped our defence spending, but we need to see NATO allies do that as well. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms  Ms Truss added: "My view is Vladimir Putin will not stop at Ukraine. "If he is successful in Ukraine and we're doing all we can to stop him being successful, he will move on to widen Eastern Europe. "He's been publicly explicit about that." Western Governments have been holding phone calls and in-person meetings with their Russian counterparts to try and de-escalate the situation between Russia and Ukraine. Due to the land grab of Luhansk and Donetsk over the weekend, many have imposed sanctions, as they see this as a way of tactical invasion, although Russian politicians have denied an invasion. Mr Putin gave his reasoning for claiming the two cities on Monday.  President of the United States of America, Joe Biden said: "If Russia goes further with this invasion, we stand prepared to go further as with sanctions. Speaking on Putin's declaration that Ukrainian cities Donestk and Luhansk now being Russian, Mr Biden said: “Who in the Lord’s name does Putin think gives him the right to declare "new so-called countries on territory that belongs to his neighbours? "This is a flagrant violation of international law and demands a firm response from the international community.” Mr Biden then went on to confirm sanctions on Russia: “That means we’ve cut off Russia’s government from Western financing. It can no longer raise money from the West and cannot trade in its new debt on our markets or European markets either." During a debate in the House of Commons on the current crisis, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace showed support for Ukraine. Mr Wallace said: "The United Kingdom is unwavering in our support for Ukraine, along with allies and partners. "We are committed to defending regional security, we have long supported Ukraine’s defence capability as well as regularly exercising with their armed forces, and via defence engagement channels. "We must not allow Russia’s destabilising behaviour to influence territorial integrity of any other sovereign state. The UK remains steadfast in its support for Ukraine." The Defence Secretary later added: "Ukrainians consider themselves European, and it is absolutely the case that the ripples of anything that happens in Ukraine will be felt right across Europe, whether they are in NATO or not."   