The boulders have been put over 15 parking spaces on the central parking green in Lizard, the UK’s most southern village. However, local businesses have attacked the changes, warning the lack of parking could cost drivers hundreds of thousands of pounds each year. It is believed the changes were made to improve road safety in the area but many warn the changes have cut off a lot of access to the village. The Lizard is unique in that parking charges are made through donations only and do not have set charges. He said: “The parking here is unique to Cornwall. READ MORE: Major parking law change to be debated as drivers slam 'senseless tax' “Nowhere else offers a facility like it. There’s been parking on the green since cars were invented and never once been an accident. “It’s rubbish, it’s never been an issue. “The parking donations fund the Christmas lights and everything the parish council does. “All the businesses around the green have grown organically and that’s because of the parking. It’s unlike anywhere else. DON'T MISSFury over 'ludicrous' price hike at the only car park for miles [INSIGHT]Parking rules are a ‘poll tax on wheels’ [COMMENT]Disabled family slapped with £70 parking fine [ANALYSIS] “You park for a donation and don’t have to rush. It’s a huge draw for visitors coming to the village. “50-100 cars a day as people will come and go throughout the day, seven days a week for 26 weeks. “If every car spends £25-£30 plus donations that’s a lot of money to turn away.” Fergus Muller from Anne’s Pasties said the stones were introduced two weeks ago with no consultation. He added the summer spending was crucial for local businesses to survive in the winter. He has warned turning away money makes no sense and added the local council was “gambling with businesses and jobs”. He added: “The green is the hub, you simply have to have parking there. “It’s just wrong. I don’t think the parish council thought they’d get this negativity and we didn’t think we’d receive the wider support we have. “Especially after Covid, taking on a business in Cornwall is a risk. So many come and go and we need every bit of support. “The parish council is gambling with businesses and jobs and that’s not smart business. How is any of this a smart move?” Local resident Zena Brown also attacked the new scheme as businesses depended on the parking She said: “People park on the green at their own risk but these spaces that have now been taken away are vital for businesses. “There is massive concern in the village and this is one of the most controversial things to have ever happened in The Lizard.” Express.co.uk have contacted ​​Landewednack Parish Council for further comment. Cornwall Live has also contacted the council on multiple occasions but are yet to receive a response.