It comes as Kate went back to nature on a solo visit to Denmark by chopping a log and taking a woodland ramble as she joined children at a forest nursery school. The Duchess is on a two-day fact-finding trip to the Scandinavian country to better understand its world-leading approach to the early years development of children. Kate received an official welcome from Danish Queen Margrethe in honour of the long-standing relationship between the two royal families. Royal expert and author Ingrid Seward told the Mirror: "She is more than a safe pair of hands. She is totally reliable and a true professional at what she does as both the Queen and Prince William are well aware. "Part of Kate’s magic is that she actually enjoys what she is doing. "Whether it's talking to the professionals about the science behind infant child development or discussing more down to earth issues with their parents, she makes sure everyone feels included. "Kate has no sense of entitlement or grandeur. She is what she is and just wants to get on with it. There are similarities to the way Princess Diana did things all those years ago." She added that no one has any doubts about Kate’s ability to manage whatever she wants to do with grace and aplomb. The royal watcher observed how Diana’s first solo trip abroad was to Norway in 1984. She had just discovered she was pregnant for the second time but no announcement had been made. Ms Seward said: "When Diana arrived in Norway, she found a note inside her suitcase written by her husband which read, 'We were so proud of you' and was signed 'Willie wombat and I'. "Maybe Kate too will have a note from William. I am certain that he is very proud of her."  READ MORE ABOUT THE WORLD ON THE BRINK OF WAR Willie Wombat is the nickname Charles and Diana gave to their son at the time. Kate joined other activities and went on a brief woodland walk with a "wing buddy" during her visit to Denmark, holding the hand of a little girl. At the end of the event, a mindfulness session was held to relax the children. The Duchess sat with them in a circle around a fire covered by a wooden canopy as everyone stared into the flames.  DON'T MISS: The Queen’s usual eating habits exposed [REVEALED] Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [LATEST] Moment the Duchess of Cambridge shoots down slide & almost wipes out [REPORT] Kate's two-day visit is also paying tribute to the historic ties Britain shares with Denmark and celebrates the countries' joint jubilees - the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the Golden Jubilee of Denmark's Queen Margrethe II, both of which fall this year. Denmark's monarch greeted her guest, who had changed into a Catherine Walker coat, along with her daughter-in-law, Crown Princess Mary of Denmark, at Christian IX's Palace in Copenhagen. The three royal women posed for a picture in a large room within the royal residence and were overheard commenting on its decor. Later Kate and Mary walked across the impressive Amalienborg courtyard and waved at about 100 members of the public gathered in the open space as they made their way to Frederik VIII's Palace for a private lunch. The Duchess and crown princess, who have met a number of times in the UK and Denmark, will later visit the Danner Crisis Centre. It helps women and children who have been exposed to domestic violence and is supported by the Mary Foundation, founded by the crown princess in 2007.