United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres made the announcement saying the UN and its humanitarian partners “are committed to staying and delivering, to support people in Ukraine in their time of need ... regardless of who or where they are.” He told AP: “We and our humanitarian partners are committed to staying and delivering to support people in Ukraine in their time of need.   “United Nations staff are working on both sides of the contact line, always guided by the humanitarian principles of neutrality, humanity, impartiality and independence. “We are providing life-saving humanitarian relief to people in need regardless of who or where they are. “The protection of civilians must be the number one priority. International humanitarian and human rights laws must be upheld.” UN humanitarian chief Martin Griffiths said the $20 million from the UN’s Central Emergency Response Fund will support emergency operations along the contact line in eastern Donetsk and Luhansk and in other areas of the country, and will “help with health care, shelter, food, and water and sanitation to the most vulnerable people affected by the conflict.”   On Thursday, Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said at least 137 civilians and military personnel have been killed in the country on the first day of Russian invasion. Quoting the Charter of the UN, Mr Guterres said: “The charter is clear and I quote ‘All members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or the use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state, or in any other manner, inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations.’” He then issued a grim warning to Russia asking it to “stop the military operation”. He said: “The use of force by one country against another is the repudiation of the principles that every country has committed to uphold. “This applies to the present military offensive. READ MORE: Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks  “It is wrong. It is against the Charter. It is unacceptable. “But it is not irreversible. I repeat my appeal from last night to President Putin. “Stop the military operation. Bring the troops back to Russia.” The International Rescue Committee, which has been responding to humanitarian crises in Europe since 2015, said the “humanitarian catastrophe from a full-scale war in Ukraine will lead to grave human suffering, ... innocent deaths, destruction of civilian infrastructure and massive displacement inside the country and across Europe.” DON'T MISS: Victory for Ukraine as troops halt Russian advance at ChernihivZelenskyy warns Russian 'enemy sabotage groups' have entered KievUkraine: President Zelensky war cry as Russia moves in - ‘We will d...  The UN estimates suggest that more than 100,000 people have already fled from their homes in Ukraine. In Kiev, which is home to almost three million people, warning sirens have been blaring out as traffic queues to leave the city. Hundreds of people are seeking shelter for the night in metro stations, bomb shelters and basements. 