Police have arrested three men, all in their early twenties, under the Explosives Act and remain in custody while investigations are ongoing. The suspect chemicals were discovered - in the early hours of Saturday morning - during a police search at a property on Vulcan Road. The police had executed a warrant in the area prior to finding the dubious substances. During the search of the property, officers found a "suspicious item" and "suspicious chemicals". Houses in the area have since been evacuated while the three men in possession of the chemicals have been detained.  Wigan Council has set up an emergency evacuation centre at Robin Park Leisure Centre for those who have temporarily been displaced. Superintendent Mark Kenny, from Greater Manchester Police, said: "Following the discovery of these items this morning we swiftly moved to ensure those within the vicinity are kept safe and a small evacuation of nearby properties is currently underway. "I fully understand the concern this will cause for the local community but I would like to stress that at this stage we don't need believe there to be any wider threat to the public". Mr Kenny added that "this evacuation has purely been carried out as a precaution". READ MORE: Man taken to hospital in horror house explosion in Scotland  Officers from Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue service are also currently carrying out an assessment of the chemicals. The country's Explosive Ordnance Disposal team is also said to be at the scene assessing the situation. The area has been taped off from the rest of the community while investigations are ongoing. DON'T MISS: Balby fire: ‘Smoke plume’ looms over Doncaster as engines tackle re... [VIDEO]Building collapse as 100 firefighters battle Manchester inferno [INSIGHT]US co-hosts on The View blasted for 'tone-deaf' remarks on the Queen [COMMENT]  Wigan Today reported one local resident saying: "This is terryfying. I woke up this morning to police, fire and ambulances outside our front door. "They cordoned off the street and people are talking about a bomb making factory. "It's frightening to have something like this on your doorstep." 