Barcelona are reportedly looking to sign Manchester United defender Eric Bailly in the summer transfer window as the club continues its strategy of targeting Premier League misfits. Barca are strapped for cash at the moment and Bailly has emerged as the latest name on their shopping list for the summer.     The Spanish giants have debts totaling over £1billion, but are also keen to undertake a complete rebuild of their squad under Xavi. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres were signed from Arsenal and Manchester City respectively in January and Barca will not stop there. Like many clubs, they are looking for opportunities to land players on free transfers, with a whole host of players currently running down their contracts. Chelsea defenders Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta have both been strongly linked with Barca over the past few months, but their interest in Premier League defenders runs deeper than that. JUST IN: Arsenal star Gabriel clears up issue surrounding Aubameyang exit According to the Daily Star, Bailly has also come onto the radar of the Barca recruitment team due to his lack of involvement with Ralf Rangnick’s side recently. Bailly is below Harry Maguire, Rafael Varane and Victor Lindelof in the Old Trafford pecking order and could therefore be available for transfer this summer. The Ivory Coast international did, however, sign a new contract with United in April 2021, meaning he is tied to the club until the summer of 2024, while they also have the option of another year. DON'T MISS Ronaldo left raging at Fernandes in Man Utd's draw vs Watford Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick aims dig at players after Watford draw Tottenham boss Conte sends message to Man Utd and Arsenal The report states Bailly could be available for around £30m – the same amount United paid Villarreal in 2017. Bailly has only played seven times in all competitions for United so far this season, with his last game coming before the Africa Cup of Nations on December 30. Barcelona are desperate to strengthen their defensive options this summer and are also targeting Chelsea’s wantaway centre-backs. Christensen’s talks with the Blues over an extension have reportedly completely broken down, meaning he looks near certain to leave the club on a free transfer come July 1.  The Danish international has also been linked with Bayern Munich, while other Premier League clubs are sure to pay attention too. Azpilicueta, meanwhile, has refused to be drawn on his future, but it seems his 10-year stay with the club is drawing to a close after he completed his full set of trophies with the Club World Cup earlier this month. “I will not talk about my future,” he said recently. “Of course, I arrived in the summer of 2012 and I had no children. My children were born in London and you know how I feel about Chelsea, but I won’t comment on my future.” 