Toni Nadal is one of the greatest influences on his nephew and 21-time Grand Slam winner Rafael - but he recently turned his attention to help Felix Auger-Aliassime get to the top. At just 21 years of age, Auger-Aliassime is ranked a career-high number nine. He currently is top of the standings in terms of match wins on tour this season - with 15 victories to just four losses - and has managed to reach the final in three of the four tournaments he has played so far in 2022. The Canadian is arguably the most improved player over the past 18 months, making it to the second week at five of the last seven Grand Slams including three trips to at least the quarter-finals. His coach Frederic Fontang has worked with him since 2017 and last year, Auger-Aliassime added Toni Nadal to his team. Toni had left working alongside his superstar nephew in 2017 in order to spend more time running the Rafa Nadal Academy in Mallorca. JUST IN: Ukraine tennis icon Sergiy Stakhovsky joins military to fight Russians Auger-Aliassime convinced the Spaniard to return to professional coaching, and insists Toni has added an air of confidence to the team - despite only working with them for a set number of weeks. The young Canadian now sits ninth in the world tennis rankings while working with Toni. “To talk with somebody that's been there and that's done the most, and to be able to have a kind of confirmation within like, ‘Okay, look, you're doing the right things. If you improve these things here and there you really could be, a great player in the future’,” said the Canadian. “So to kind of have that confirmation from a coach like Toni, who's really seen it all; I think that put a lot of, even more belief and confidence with me and Fred. “I remember those were our early conversations. DON'T MISSRussian tennis player Andrey Rublev writes 'no war please' on cameraNovak Djokovic pinpoints his big problem after shock defeat in DubaiDjokovic blasts BBC over controversial interview - 'I was humiliated' “He thought that I should improve a few things, if it's like my footwork, my placement or my construction of my points and things like this. “And now that it feels like I've improved tremendously over the last year or so, now we really all have to believe that I can aim for the top. “And also I think having him at the Grand Slams, especially our (semi-final) run at the US Open when we were all together; for him, it was something like normal. “There was a sense of normality to be deep into the Grand Slams, to be in the semi-finals, potentially in the final. “Because he’s been there before, as a whole team, we didn't feel like we were out of our place. We felt like we were right where we belonged.” Rafael Nadal is doing just fine without the insight of his uncle. The Spanish tennis icon continued his terrific run of form to open 2022 as he reached the Mexican Open final for the fifth time in his career - where he will face British star Cam Norrie. Nadal is undefeated in 14 matches this season, and he sealed his spot in the final with a sensational 6-3 6-3 straight sets victory over new world number one Daniil Medvedev. He fought back from two sets down against the Russian to win a thrilling Australian Open final last month. It was Nadal’s 21st Grand Slam title, moving clear of rivals Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic as the all-time leader in major men’s singles titles.