The Ipcress File comes from BAFTA and Oscar-winning writer John Hodge and will be directed by Emmy winner James Watkins. The series is based on the globally renowned Len Deighton novel of the same name. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the series including release date, cast, trailer, plot and more.  On February 23 it was announced that the series will air from Sunday, March 6 at 9pm. Following this, all of the six episodes will be able to watch on ITV Hub and Britbox. ITV will continue to air the episodes weekly on Sundays. Polly Hill, ITV's Head of Drama said in a statement: "I'm thrilled to be bringing John Hodge’s brilliant adaptation of such an iconic novel to ITV. "Harry Palmer is an incredible part and this would have been impossible without the right actor, so we are all delighted that Joe Cole will take on the role. "The talent on and off-screen means this will be a treat for audiences when it comes to ITV.” Fans will be able to watch The Ipcress File exclusively on ITV and the ITV Hub.  READ MORE 'I’ll never forget where I came from' says Sir Michael Caine The Ipcress File on ITV features a star-studded cast of talent. Peaky Blinders and Gangs of London star Joe Cole will take on the iconic role of Harry Palmer, a British Army sergeant in Berlin. Bohemian Rhapsody's Lucy Boynton takes on the role of Jean and The Night Manager's Tom Hollander plays the role of Dalby. Also starring in The Ipcress File on ITV is Top Boy's Ashley Thomas as Maddox and Industry's Joshua James as Chico. Chernobyl's David Denick joins the cast as Colonel Stok and Dublin Murders star Tom Vaughan-Lawlor will take on the role of Cathcart.  The Ipcress File is based on the novel of the same name by Len Deighton. The original book is the first in the Harry Palmer book series, which focuses on the life and work of British Army Sergeant, Harry Palmer. Set in 1963 at the height of the Cold War, Palmer finds himself in Berlin and mixing with the wrong crowd, leading to eight years in a military jail in England. The official synopsis for the series reads: "His impressive network and efficiency have not gone unnoticed, and a gentleman from British intelligence has a proposal. DON'T MISS...Grace ITV release date, cast, trailer, plot: When does Grace start? [DETAILS]Jennifer Saunders on being ‘jealous’ of husband's Midsomer Murders job [INSIGHT]McDonald and Dodds season 3: Will there be another series? [SHOW INFO] "To avoid prison, Harry Palmer will become a spy. And the case on which he cuts his teeth will be The Ipcress File. "Harry’s links to the man suspected of kidnapping a missing British nuclear scientist result in him being conscripted for a dangerous undercover mission that takes him from the Beatles’ London to the Berlin Wall, from the back alleys of Beirut to the white-hot sand of a Nuclear Atoll in the Pacific. "A twist-laden spy thriller with a rich cast of characters, The Ipcress File is a stylish and tense tale of abducted scientists, brainwashing, inter-departmental rivalry, treason, and a possibly unwise romance."     A short trailer for the series was released in January 2021 and it explains how an operation to track down a missing person in Berlin is underway. Joe Cole's character is heard saying: "If only life was that simple." Director and Executive Producer James Watkins, who is directing each of the six episodes, commented: “We can’t wait to bring Len Deighton’s intoxicating web of spies - sexier than Smiley’s people, more real than Bond - to a wider television audience. With his sly wit and understated integrity clashing against the establishment, working-class spy Harry Palmer is more relevant than ever.” The Ipcress File, Sunday March 6 at 9pm ITV.