The machine is taking a hammering. There are those who claim this is only fair since for decades, they argue, Ministerial responsibility has allowed bureaucrats to lead sheltered lives. Well, up to a point, Lord Copper. One senior chap I worked with in the Department of Energy in the 1970s insisted that, if Ministers got it wrong, it was officials’ fault. But that ignored the excesses of Ministers. It wasn’t officials but Lord Balogh who briefed the press about untold oil and gas riches which have yet to be discovered 50 years later. That led to my banging his door off its hinges when he ordered me out of his office for taking him to task about cock and bull stories. In short, there have always been tensions between Ministers and officials and all the faults have never been on one side. But there is no doubt Civil Servants now have a lot to answer for apart from the public relation bloomer of “partygate”. One example is the new Highway Code. In the effort to keep people out of their cars it has made cyclists kings of the road. It is on a par with environment policy that is clogging and worse polluting town centres by introducing cycle lanes as well as leaving the nation’s economy increasingly exposed because for 30 years greenery has been put ahead of security of supply. Incidentally, those responsible must be aesthetically dead from the neck upwards when, while “re-wilding”, they erect ever more obtrusive wind turbines and agriculturally destructive solar panels. No wonder covid restrictions have been full of anomalies. All this is of a piece with recent evidence of wokery on how to address men and women and a Whitehall style guide advising Civil Servants to avoid using “Brexit” and instead write “31 December 2020”. That just encourages the view that the Civil Service is full of Remainers. On top of this come pandemic failings over the supply of personal protection equipment and test and trace or the billions lost to fraud from Government support during lockdowns. Not much allowance is given to either Ministers or officials for trying to tackle a new pandemic without a known antidote, And to put the tin hat on it, an outsider was brought in to make a world success of eventual vaccination. The charge sheet does not look good, especially when hundreds of top Civil Servants are paid more than the Prime Minister. It is easy to put all this down to the general lowering of standards and loss of the public service ethic that unions for teachers’, transport workers and now hospital support staff are demonstrating. The doctors’ union, the BMA, also seems never to have heard of the profession’s Hippocratic oath. Things are certainly not what they used to be. And you could argue that Dominic Cummings, the chief advisor sacked by the PM, did his best to make things worse with his scorn for and war on the Civil Service. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea