State pension age was traditionally 60 for women and 65 for men, but this is no longer the case. After state pension age equalisation, men and women could both expect to retire at the same age: 65. However, there have been subsequent changes which mean the state pension age is now 66. This is not the end of state pension changes, with many fearing the impact of further increases to come. Current legislation means a gradual rise to 67 is expected in the near future. This will apply to Britons who are born on or after April 1960. READ MORE: State pension payments to increase in April After this, there is a rise scheduled to 68 between 2044 and 2046 for those born on or after April 1977. But Britons should not take these markers as guaranteed. This is because a review is currently taking place which could mean even more changes. Recently launched, the review will consider whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward to 2037 to 2039. DON'T MISSUniversal Credit claimants could get £1,200 cash bonus [INSIGHT]State pension payments could increase - even if Britons don't act [UPDATE]State pension contributions may help Britons avoid Sunak’s 55% tax [EXCLUSIVE] It would mean a seven year acceleration when compared to the current legislation. If the changes go ahead, they could affect millions of people right across the country. It would mean a years-long wait compared to what many individuals had in mind as the point at which they would retire. Consequently, the Government has explained its reasons behind the consideration of this change. It said: “As the number of people over state pension age increases, due to a growing population and people on average living longer, the Government needs to make sure that decisions on how to manage its costs are, robust, fair and transparent for taxpayers now and in the future. “It must also ensure that as the population becomes older, the state pension continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security.” The review will consider evidence from right across the UK. The Government has vowed to look at differences across countries and regions, including Northern Ireland. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It will also consider the effects for people with “different characteristics and opportunities”, as well as those at risk of disadvantage. In accordance with the law, the latest review must be published by May 7, 2023. This gives Britons just over a year to wait until the final decision is made on state pension age changes.