Brenda Blethyn, 75, is a force of nature and remains grounded and unpretentious when it comes to the glamorous world she has found herself immersed in. But being in the public eye made her very wary of what she says, for fear of saying the wrong thing - not anymore. Now, the Vera actress admitted no-one can "shut her up". In an interview with the Telegraph, she opened up on her concerns about speaking her mind, with freedom of speech becoming a hugely controversial topic in recent years. "Acting is kind of forgiving," she explained. "You are allowed to be free, to be yourself, to say what you think. READ MORE: Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing "I grew up frightened to say the wrong thing." She added: "In my early days in the theatre, I thought my opinion wouldn’t matter. "I kept quiet." But with a glint in her eye, she smiled: "You can’t shut me up now." Nor would anyone want to, as the much–loved British actress has made a remarkable career for herself. She has played DCI Vera Stanhope since 2011, and recently opened up about her latest venture, which was set to start early last year. Unfortunately for the TV star, it didn’t go as planned. Speaking to ITV, she said: "I was due to start Kate and Koji in the studio in January 2021. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation [INTERVIEW]  "But there were too many challenges. You couldn’t have a studio audience." She admitted because her character Kate, serves tea and sandwiches all day long, it wasn't workable due to the strict Covid protocols in place. "And of course, we had to stay two metres apart," she shrugged. "So, the producer delayed it and we’re now filming the second series in January and February 2022. The six-part sitcom released its first series in 2020, following Kate as she runs an old-fashioned café in a seaside town. She develops a strong, if sometimes volatile, friendship with asylum-seeking African doctor Koji, played by Jimmy Akingbola, who also stars in HBO's reboot of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. Although from different worlds, Kate and Koji are similar in ways and fans are eager to see their return.