The British public has voiced their thoughts on Prince Andrew's position within the Royal Family in the wake of Virginia Giuffre's civil lawsuit settlement with the Duke. Visitors and sightseers outside Buckingham Palace spoke with Express.co.uk to give their reaction to the settlement and its costs, with it having been reported Prince Andrew has agreed to pay an eight-figure sum to Ms Giuffre, who claims she was trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein, Prince Andrew's friend, to have sex with the royal when she was 17. A passerby told Express.co.uk "I think [the Queen] get rid of his titles." "He should stand back," added his companion. "At least until he is either proved innocent or guilty." Another sightseer said: "It is correct that he lost all his titles." "He has done wrong to the Queen," added another member of the public. Asked if they were concerned the Queen's Platinum Jubilee could be overshadowed by Prince Andrew's settlement, he replied: "A litte bit yeah. "Because it is a big year for her now this year. "So I think it will definitely."  Another passerby suggested the Duke of York might be able to return to the public eye in a "year or two years' time." "I think because he has paid the money he is probably admitting his guilt I think really. He added: "I think he's okay just going into the background for a little while and slip away quietly and then come back in a year or two years' time." "They'll probably all forget about him then," added another. DON'T MISS Prince Charles coronation operation name revealed [REVEAL] Kate overjoyed at baby news announcement from close confidante [REPORT] Queen hails Sophie Wessex for 'very special' Valentine's Day moment [INSIGHT] Earlier this month the Duke of York agreed to make a "substantial donation" to Virginia Giuffre's charity after the pair agreed to an undisclosed out-of-court settlement in her civil sex claim against him. In a letter submitted on behalf of both parties to the United States District Court on February 15, Prince Andrew's legal representatives said he has "never intended to malign Ms Giuffre's character" and that he "regrets his association" with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein. The agreement states the duke will donate to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights and that he has pledged to "demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein" by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". Prince Andrew has always strenuously denied the allegations against him