Arsenal are reportedly making the ‘first steps’ to sign Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez. The Argentine has previously been linked with the Gunners’ North London rivals Tottenham and starred under Spurs boss Antonio Conte at Inter.   Mikel Arteta has made signing a new forward a new summer transfer window priority. The Arsenal boss faces the unique prospect of losing each of his main striker options ahead of next season. Former club captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang completed a move to Barcelona in January after falling out with Arteta. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both see their contracts expire at the end of June. Neither seem likely to renew their terms.   JUST IN: Tottenham lose to Burnley: Four things we learned as Mee downs Spurs A frustrating January window saw Arsenal miss out on several key targets, including Dusan Vlahovic who completed a switch from Fiorentina to Juventus. And Arteta has apparently moved on to Martinez, whose signature Arsenal might need to battle for with neighbours Spurs. Italian newspaper Il Giorno (via Sport Witness) claims Arsenal have taken the ‘first steps’ to sign the 24-year-old. Barcelona also have an interest. Martinez has scored 11 Serie A goals this season as Inter battle rivals AC Milan for the Italian top-flight title. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  The Argentina international worked under Conte and last term helped Inter end Juventus’ domination of Italian football. Inter finished top by 12 points and won their first Scudetto since Jose Mourinho’s all-conquering 2010 team. Martinez formed a prolific strike partnership with Romelu Lukaku. He scored 17 times in the league and managed 40 goals in 97 appearances overall under Conte. The former Racing Club star recently thanked Conte for the role he played in developing his game.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool batter Leeds: Five things learned as Man City title race onPaul Scholes names two players that sum up Man Utd's plightBarcelona's plot to steal target from Man Utd and Liverpool detailed “What has changed in my game? I’m more comfortable on the field,” Martinez said in December. “With last year’s coach (Conte), I learned a lot. He made me grow in a different way on the game, on the tactics and also physically. For this, I thank him.”            