Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, pursued a career on the small screen before her entrance into Royal Family life, portraying the high-powered Rachel Zane in the US law-based drama, Suits, from 2011 until her engagement to Prince Harry. But this life is not so easily left behind, as Professor Cele Otnes told Express.co.uk. The author of ‘Royal Fever’ described how LA-born Meghan continues to draw from her past experience as an actress to navigate the different type of fame she now possesses. Professor Otnes said: “Her actress identity is still very much alive for her. “She has not given up the identity of an actress. “So, a lot of the time, she acts.” Professor Otnes described how Meghan likely understands the limelight in terms of her acting fame, given her California upbringing and celebrity culture on the US west coast. She added: “I think Meghan wants to be seen as a celebrity in the US. “That's her frame of reference. “She was born in Los Angeles. She wanted to be an actress. READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage “This is the sphere in which she always wanted to succeed.” Meghan’s earlier acting career is something she has scarcely mentioned in interviews since joining, then leaving, the Royal Family. But in her second sit-down interview, since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made the move across the Atlantic to Meghan’s home state in March 2020, Meghan teased nostalgic details of her acting career. Speaking to personal friend Ellen DeGeneres in November 2021, the Duchess opened up about her life in Montecito, and participated in a series of embarrassing challenges in a pre-recorded segment. DON'T MISS: Queen should NOT be doing light duties with Covid - royal expert [INSIGHT] Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims [ANALYSIS] William and Kate broke royal tradition with Prince George [REPORT] The appearance, which steered away from the controversial split from the British monarchy, focused on domestic life for the Duke and Duchess alongside their two young children, Archie, two, and Lilibet, who is eight months old. Although more light-hearted than the Duke and Duchess’ feature with Oprah Winfrey earlier in the year, the episode of The Ellen Show was nonetheless a “disaster” for the Duchess, claimed Professor Otnes. She said: “I was mortified for her. “I thought, ‘Are you kidding me? You’re not a sitcom actress.’” Meghan described how she would often visit the same Warner Brothers studio where The Ellen Show is filmed to audition for parts. She recalled: “The security guards would always say: ‘Break a leg! We hope you get it!’ So the drive in today was very different.” She then picked out the “very, very old Ford Explorer Sport” she had which had a “life of its own” when she travelled to the studios. She added: “At a certain point, the key stopped working on the driver’s side, so you couldn’t get yourself in through the door.# “So after auditions – I would park at the back of the parking lot – and I would open the trunk and climb in, and then pull it shut behind me, and crawl over all my seats to get out. “That’s how I would come to and fro.”