Less than a month before the 2022 F1 season gets underway, teams will undergo testing this week. The first test will take place between February 23 and 25, 2022, at Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya in Spain.  The track has typically hosted pre-season testing in recent years. The dry weather and relatively easy access to the various team bases across Europe, with parts often flown or driven in at short notice, makes the track a convenient venue for testing the new cars. The second test will take place between March 10 and 12 at Sakhir Circuit in Bahrain, just over a week before the first race of the season on March 20 at the same location. During the driver’s time in the Spanish city, they are set to stay in motorhomes on-site at pre-season testing, possessing two bedrooms and two ensuites. Rob Garofall, a McLaren F1 heritage test driver, uploaded a video to Twitter giving fans a tour of the accommodation for the drivers. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's touching message to brother as Nicolas gets to sit in Mercedes' new W13  He began by taking fans up the stairs and into the main body of the motorhome, which were dominated by the colours of white, grey and black. The more spacious master bedroom featured a large double bed along with the same amenities as the guest bedroom, such as a large wardrobe, a second ensuite bathroom, featuring a toilet, sink and a sizeable shower. Prior to testing, drivers had the opportunity to get behind the wheel and try out their new motors for the first time. Red Bull duo Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen had their first chance to get behind the wheel of the RB18 on track last week at Silverstone, but things reportedly did not go to plan. Christian Horner's team, hoping to pip Mercedes to the constructors' title this season, kept their cards close to their chest at the launch earlier this month as it appeared to be a slightly different version of the concept 2022 vehicle F1 revealed last summer.  Horner also told fans that the RB18 vehicle should look a whole lot different when the first race comes around in Bahrain next month. But the shakedown test proved chaotic for Perez in particular as he couldn't get out on track due to the hazardous weather conditions, according to RacingNews365. Reigning champion Verstappen did however manage to get out though reportedly covering 50 laps around Silverstone. Current F1 rules state that each driver on the grid must complete 100km in their shakedown tests before the season commences. 