The DVSA has urged new caravan owners to be aware of the speed limits when travelling on motorways and dual carriageways. Speed limits are slightly lower for these vehicles than normal cars, with motorists restricted to just 60mph. It said: “Know before you tow! “If you’re new to towing, the speed limit on a motorway or dual carriageway is 60mph.” The warning comes after sales of caravans and motorhomes soared in 2021. Last year, the British Car Auctions warned some road users were paying up to £140,000 on new models. READ MORE: Used motorhomes are increasing in value faster than property It said these were the most expensive prices they had ever recorded for a leisure vehicle. Experts at TheCaravanPlace have also warned demand for new caravans and motorhomes was high. It said initial calculations showed models had increased by up to £700 in just a handful of months. It said: “I think there's quite a lot of people out there that thought prices were going to come tumbling down for 2022. DON'T MISSNew DVSA caravan and trailer towing scheme to launch in March [INSIGHT]Manufacturers could stop drivers from towing caravans [ANALYSIS]Towing caravans could damage some vehicles [COMMENT] It said: “I think there's quite a lot of people out there that thought prices were going to come tumbling down for 2022.  “But it's gone completely the opposite way.” It added: “For the touring caravans, definitely, it's not good news for a lot of people I don't think. “Just for the January book, we went up on average £500-700 per caravan. “Now that's a big jump, that's massive. “For a three month period, and a quiet period really over the winter, for prices to have jumped up so much it was a bit of a shock to be fair." It comes after Buymymotorhome.com warned prices of second-hand motorhomes had surged due to a lack of new models available. It warned the semi-conductor shortage meant new models “can’t be produced” with many sitting in “longer waiting times”. This has forced consumers to look at second-hand models which saw prices boosted by almost 14 percent.  New caravan and towing rules were also introduced at the end of December last year. The new rules mean drivers who passed from January 1,1997 can now tow trailers up to 3,500kg Maximum Authorised Mass. However, the Government warns drivers should still take training from an instructor before getting behind the wheel of a large trailer.