Volodymyr Zelensky, 44, claimed he tried to contact Vladimir Putin, 69, after Russia recognised the independence of two regions in east Ukraine. However, Mr Zelensky revealed the Russian President refused to respond. He said: "Today I initiated a phone call with the President of the Russian Federation. "The result was silence, though the silence should be in the Donbas." Mr Zelensky went on to issue a plea to the Russian people and warned steps taken by Mr Putin could lead to the "beginning of a big war". He said: "We are separated by more than 2000km of mutual borders, along which 200,000 of your soldiers and 1,000 armoured vehicles are standing."Your leadership has approved their step forward onto the territory of another country. "This step could become the beginning of a big war. "The cause could come up at any moment, any provocation, any spark, a spark that could burn everything down." JUST IN: Putin support CRUMBLING - Furious Russians lose patience with warmongering In an attempt to counter the narrative put forward by the Kremlin, the Ukrainian President went on to tell Russia's 144million residents that Kiev does not desire conflict. He said: "You are told that this flame will liberate the people of Ukraine, but the Ukrainian people are free. "You are told we hate Russian culture. How can one hate a culture?" Zelensky added: "The people of Ukraine want peace, the authorities in Ukraine want peace, they want it and are doing everything they can for it… We don’t need war. "But if we are attacked, if someone attempts to take away our land, our freedom, our lives, the lives of our children, we will defend ourselves. "We won’t attack, but defend ourselves. READ MORE: Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin "By attacking, you will see our faces, not our backs, but our faces." Mr Zelensky appeared to concede his speech would not be shown to the Russian people through state television. However, he explained: "The people of Russia need to see it. "They need to know the truth. "The truth is that this must be stopped before it is too late, and if the leadership of Russia does not want to sit down at a table for peace with us, then maybe it will sit down at a table with you. "Do Russians want war? I would very much like to answer this question. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS] "But the answer depends only on you — the citizens of the Russian Federation." The comments come as Mr Putin ordered troops into Donetsk and Luhansk after recognising them as independent states in a televised address. The move prompted the West to impose sanctions on Russia. The UK even introduced measures after Putin's "renewed invasion" of Ukraine. This included freezing the assets of five Russian banks and three Russian billionaires have their assets frozen. Boris Johnson, 57, went on to claim the changes accounted for the "first barrage" of sanctions.