Pensions can be a good way to put money aside for retirement and later life goals. However, this is not the only aim, and many people will want to leave money behind for their loved ones after they pass away. While this is achievable, it must be carefully thought out and planned. A failure to do so means Britons could leave their beneficiaries with a “substantial tax charge”. This will eat away at the inheritance left by an individual, leaving beneficiaries with less money and the taxman with more. Individuals who die before the age of 75 can pass their sum on to their beneficiaries tax-free. READ MORE: State pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% However, if a person dies after 75, it is taxed in the same way as income when the beneficiary draws from the pot. If the beneficiary then goes on to die before 75, they too can pass on any untouched funds tax-free - even if the original pension saver died after 75. While these rules are clear, they only stress the importance of arranging pension wishes ahead of time. Getting one’s affairs in order can avoid financial chaos later down the line for those left behind. DON'T MISSBritons to receive ‘modest’ income as triple lock suspended [INSIGHT]Pension: Are you owed a refund? How to check if you've been overtaxed [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: You could slash bill by £130,000 or more - act now [EXCLUSIVE] Louise Higham, a chartered financial planner at Tilney, Smith & Williamson, stressed the dangers of failing to act. She said: “If no death benefit nomination is completed then your beneficiaries would only be able to receive your pension benefits as a lump sum. “This can lead to quite a significant tax charge for your loved ones if anything happens to you after age 75. “By completing a nomination form your loved ones will have options to take the pension to ensure this is taken as tax efficiently as possible based on their circumstances at the time. “Nominating a pension beneficiary is usually something that can be done in a matter of seconds online. “It can result in a massive tax saving for your loved ones.” People who have a defined benefit pension will have any money paid out to their beneficiaries under the scheme’s rules. MoneyHelper, the Government-backed service, encourages Britons to check with their pension provider if they wish to clarify these rules. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When it comes to the Lifetime Allowance, the website explains: “If you die before the age of 75, any pension that has not been accessed already will be tested against your Lifetime Allowance. “Once tested at this point, no further tests against the lifetime allowance will take place. “If a pension has been accessed and a guaranteed income (an annuity) or flexible retirement income (pension drawdown) set up, these will have been tested when set up and no further tests would take place before 75. “There are no Lifetime Allowance tests carried out if you die after age 75.”