Emergency crews including the air ambulance attended the collision on the southbound carriageway between Junction 21 for Weston-super-Mare and Junction 22 for Burnham-on-Sea today. Police said eight vehicles, including a coach, were involved in three separate crashes along the same stretch of motorway at the same time. There is still heavy traffic in the area and motorists have been urged to allow extra time for their journeys. South Western Ambulance Service confirmed that it sent a convoy of ambulances at 10:16 am and "conveyed 13 patients to the hospital by land ambulance". It did not state how serious the injuries are thought to be. National Highways tweeted shortly before 10:50 am: "The #M5 is blocked southbound between J21 and J22 following a multiple vehicle collision. "Traffic officers and all emergency services including the air ambulance are on scene. Please allow extra time for your journey as delays building."  Traffic monitoring site Inrix reported that motorists were held on both sides of the motorway while the air ambulance landed earlier.The southbound side was blocked but one lane has since reopened. READ MORE:M42 traffic: Severe delays due to car fire at busy motorway link Avon and Somerset Police shared a statement about the collision on the M5 this morning and said a coach was among eight vehicles involved. The fire service had previously reported that four vehicles were involved, but police say there were actually three separate collisions along the same stretch of the motorway.  A force spokesperson told Bristol Live: "Emergency services attended collisions on the M5 southbound between junctions 21 for Weston-super-Mare and 22 for Burnham-on-Sea. "The first call came in to police just after 10:15 am today, Thursday 24 February. "Eight vehicles, including a coach, were involved in three separate collisions on the same section of road at that time. "The fire and rescue service and air and land ambulances attended. "Traffic on the northbound carriageway was stopped briefly to allow the air ambulance to land and lift. "One person went to the hospital by land ambulance with injuries not believed to be life-threatening or life-changing. "Lanes two and three were reopened by 11:45 am. "The lane one closure was handed to National Highways at about midday pending recovery of the vehicles." Police have been asked to clarify the number of people injured, with South Western Ambulance Service reporting the number to be 13 rather than one. 