A Sky News Australia pundit has remarked the Queen is "tough as nails" as Aussie presenters tipped Her Majesty to bounce back from coronavirus. Buckingham Palace said on Sunday that Her Majesty was suffering mild cold-like symptoms after testing positive for the virus but was expecting to carry on with light duties. Mr Smith told Sky News Australia: "Over to the UK now where Queen Elizabeth the Second is recovering after being diagnosed with Covid at the end of last week. "Buckingham Palace cancelled a virtual Engagement today as mild covid symptoms persist. "Surely the queen is entitled to a little bit of sick leave and I reckon even at 95, 70 years on the throne, she's as tough as nails and she'll get through this." His Sky News Australia colleague Cory Bernardi continued: "She's an incredible lady at 95. "Sure, she's got Covid and she's cancelled one day's engagements in the hope that she might sort it out or do something tomorrow. "God bless the Queen because she's an icon for so many people." Mr Smith added: "I cannot wait to see her back in business in a few days' time." Her Majesty is due to miss a planned virtual engagement on Tuesday because she is still experiencing mild cold-like symptoms after testing positive for Covid, a spokesman for Buckingham Palace said. Buckingham Palace said on Sunday that the monarch had tested positive for coronavirus and is currently experiencing mild symptoms. The Palace added that the Queen expects to continue light duties this week. "The Queen has today tested positive for Covid," said the royal statement. "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week." DON'T MISSGary Lineker sends classy message to the Queen after Covid update [INSIGHT]Rhiannon Mills hints at how Queen caught Covid following infection [VIDEO]Palace warning to Meghan and Harry: 'Palace will always win' [ANALYSIS] "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all appropriate guidelines," the Palace added. Her son Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, earlier this month pulled out of an event after contracting coronavirus for a second time. A palace source said the Prince of Wales had met the Queen just days before. The Queen will now decide nearer to the time whether to press ahead with further engagements this week, such as her weekly conversation with Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Wednesday.