Leah Charles King has been a staple on A Place in the Sun since she started late last year. The presenter has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the moment she found out she got the "life changing role". After Leah's final interview there was a month-long wait to find out if she was successful in getting the role. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: "It was an anxious month-long wait for the decision, it was Easter as well and that added a week on. "My heart was beating, I had so much anxiety, honestly! "And then out of nowhere I got the call from the head and I started crying, I was in the middle of the street actually. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning She continued: "I had my granny trolley with me and I was just about to go to my food shop and I had just come out of the dentist and I saw this call and I thought, do I answer it or do I wait till later? "As I know if it’s bad news I might cry and if it’s good news I will definitely cry. "I was like, I can’t wait, I'm just going to call him back. "Then I was told and I spent about two weeks in tears because it was a sigh of relief first and foremost because of everything I have been through with my mental health." Leah has been very vocal about her battle with bipolar disorder and is an ambassador for Bipolar UK. She uses her presenting platform and social media pages to normalise the conversation and to end the stigma around mental illness. Leah has admitted she has tried to commit suicide in the past as a result of her mental illness but is really happy she held on. She said: "I have been suicidal in the past and you know, on a couple of occasions have tried to take my own life unfortunately. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [INSIGHT] ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years [LATEST] Elton John breaks silence after private jet makes emergency landing [COMMENT] "But presenting is something I know I am good at and I have worked hard at. "It makes me happy and I don’t do it for fame and fortune." She continued: "I have never been money driven but it really makes me happy. "The last time I was quite ill I promised myself I would hold on a bit longer as miracles can happen and I’m glad I held on because here I am! "That is why for two weeks I cried as I felt I was able to breathe for the first time!" Prior to presenting Leah had a career in singing and was part of a successful girl band with her cousins. The group called Kleshay, achieved two top 40 singles and even supported Lionel Richie on tour. Leah also has performed backing vocals for George Michael, the Lighthouse Family, Andrea Bocelli and Mary J Blige before she got into presenting. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.