The start of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year earlier this month was accompanied by an unprecedented statement from the monarch herself. The Queen expressed her "sincere wish" that in time, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. The news Camilla will be Queen Consort shocked the nation, as it had long been thought that Camilla would never be Queen. Public opinion was very divided over Charles and Camilla's initial relationship as many supported Charles' first wife Princess Diana, who claimed that Charles had been unfaithful during their marriage with Camilla. So when Charles and Camilla's wedding took place in 2005, it was announced Camilla would hold the title of Princess Consort rather than Queen Consort when Charles becomes King. In the years since Charles and Camilla's marriage, however, the Duchess of Cornwall's popularity with the British public has grown significantly. READ MORE: 'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights  Camilla's steadfast commitment to charitable causes, such as supporting people affected by domestic violence, has endeared Camilla to many people, and it appears swathes are now in favour of a future Queen Camilla. So the Queen's declaration on the eve of her accession anniversary this year effectively put an end to years of speculation over Camilla's future title. The Queen said in a written message: "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Although Camilla will likely be known as Queen Camilla when Charles is King, she will never truly be Queen - here's why.  When Prince Charles succeeds the throne upon the death of Queen Elizabeth II, Camilla will likely be known as Queen Consort. Like Queen Elizabeth, wife of King George VI, and Queen Mary, wife of King George V, Camilla will likely be known as Queen Camilla during her husband's reign. However, Camilla will be a queen consort rather than a queen regnant like Queen Elizabeth II is. DON'T MISS:Royal fan frenzy as Camilla speaks of new honour – 'Powerful words' [ANALYSIS]Camilla announces key priority as Queen - 'Wonderful endorsement' [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg forced to stop TV chat amid shocking Camilla comment [VIDEO]  Queen Elizabeth II was born into the line of succession and she succeeded the throne in her own right after the death of her father, King George VI. Previous queen regnants include Queen Anne and Queen Victoria, the latter being the current Queen's great-great-grandmother. In comparison, Camilla's Queen title will be entirely dependent on Charles being the sovereign. The Duchess of Cambridge will also likely be Queen Consort when Prince William succeeds the throne, and she will likely be styled as Queen Catherine. 