The bonds will run for a three year term, and the interest is double the original 0.65 percent which was offered. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, pointed out that while it's still below the top rate in the market for three-year fixed rate bonds - currently at 1.86 percent - it's far more competitive than the first issue.  She said NS&I had "no choice" but to raise the rate to draw in more money and reach funding targets. However, there are some who may be disappointed to learn the news of the rise, she suggested. Ms Suter said: “One group of savers who will understandably be disgruntled are those who signed up to the initial Green Savings Bond, who will be locked in to earning 0.65 percent for the next three years. "The bond has an initial 30-day cooling off period, where people can get their money back, but once savers are past that point they can’t withdraw the cash for three years – so will have missed out on earning double the interest.  "If someone invested £10,000 they will make almost £200 less in interest over the three year period if they signed up to the first issue of the bond rather than the second. If they had £50,000 invested that difference jumps to almost £1,000." The Green Savings Bonds will help to finance the Government’s green spending projects designed to tackle climate change and improve environmental sustainability. These projects will include making transport greener, using renewable energy over fossil fuels, preventing pollution, using energy more efficiently and protecting natural resources. An example of a Government project is funding zero-emissions buses in order to reach a goal of net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.  These projects serve as part of a wider Government plan to make the UK a hub for green finance. The minimum investment for the new Green Savings Bonds is £100. The maximum limit is £100,000 per person for each issue. The full amount deposited will be held for three years and cannot be withdrawn during this time.  In return, a person will be guaranteed a fixed-rate of interest for three years. Customers need to be aged 16 or over to purchase the bonds from NS&I. They must also have a UK bank account that is capable of receiving BACS payments. Interest is earned daily and added once a year on the investment's anniversary, and paid on maturity.  For example, if a person invested £10,000, they would get an extra £130 per year. This would amount to £390 in total over three years. The Green Savings Bond comes with a 30 day cooling off period. This means a person can cancel it any time within 30 days and still receive a full refund which includes any accrued interest. Announced in the 2021 spring budget, Green Savings Bonds is a type of three year fixed savings account available from the Government-backed savings provider, NS&I. Investment in this product will not count towards NS&I's net financing target or value indicator target.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The first issue of Green Savings Bonds went on sale on October 22, 2021. The previous Green Savings Bonds paid 0.65 percent annually over a three year term. All money invested in Green Savings is passed onto HM Treasury and contributes towards Government spending. HM Treasury then plans to allocate an amount equivalent to the proceeds raised from Green Savings Bonds to its chosen green projects within two years. 