Many Britons look forward to Pancake Day as an excuse to eat tasty pancakes and crepes, but why do we dedicate one day of the year to eating stacks of pancakes? The traditions of Shrove Tuesday lie in a Christian celebration before Lent. This is why we celebrate Pancake Day - and how the traditions began?  Pancake Day falls on Tuesday, March 1 this year, so you’d better get practising your pancake flipping. The day is more traditionally known as Shrove Tuesday, however, now more people associate it with eating pancakes than with Christianity. Shrove Tuesday is the day before Ash Wednesday, which marks the start of Lent, the period of abstinence leading up to Easter. Christians would avoid rich foods including dairy, meat and eggs while being encouraged to eat plainer things. READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Harry show 'signals of laughter' with Princess Eugenie  The date of Pancake Day changes every year, just like Easter, because it falls 47 days before Easter Sunday. This year, Easter Sunday will be on Sunday, April 17. This is later than usual, and a fortnight later than last Easter, so we’ve been waiting a little longer for Pancake Day this year.  Traditionally, Shrove Tuesday was a time for Christians to go to confession and become ‘shriven’ meaning absolved of their sins. The shriving bell would be rung at church to call worshippers to come and confess their sins. Shrove Tuesday is followed by Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent and a day for prayer and repentance. Some Christians go to Church on Ash Wednesday and have an ash cross drawn on their forehead, symbolising death as people think back to Jesus’ resurrection and their own sins. DON'T MISS:Aldi’s 'amazing' mini greenhouse with 700 5-star reviews is back  [UPDATE]Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [INSIGHT]Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould [TIPS]  As Lent is a time traditionally associated with abstinence, and when many Christians might give something up, it makes sense you would have an indulgent meal of pancakes before going 40 days without your favourite luxury. In the Christian faith, Lent is supposed to reflect the 40 days Jesus spent withdrawn in the desert. In France, Shrove Tuesday is known as ‘Mardi Gras’ which translates as Fat Tuesday, reflecting the tradition of feasting.  As for why pancakes became the food of choice, it is thought this was due to people using up all their eggs, dairy and sugar before Lent. The first pancake race has been traced back to Olney, Buckinghamshire, in 1445, when a woman lost track of time and heard the shriving bells at the local church while she was tossing pancakes. In her haste, she ran to the church, still clutching her pan and flipping the pancake. To this day, Olney still holds a 400m pancake race for its female residents 