The Foreign Secretary will give a statement to MPs on the latest situation as the Kremlin continues to uptake rhetoric on war. Putin sparked alarm last night after announcing that he wanted Russia's nuclear weapons to be placed on stand-by as his attack on Ukraine continues to fail to go as planned. British have sought to play down Putin's nuclear threat as it is unclear how his order changes Russia's nuclear posture. In televised remarks, the Russian President said last night: "Senior officials of the leading Nato countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the minister of defence and the chief of the general staff to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty." He added: "Western countries aren’t only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading Nato members made aggressive statements regarding our country." This morning Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov palmed Ms Truss for the escalation. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "Statements were made by various representatives at various levels on possible altercations or even collisions and clashes between Nato and Russia," he said. "We believe that such statements are absolutely unacceptable. "I would not call the authors of these statements by name, although it was the British foreign minister." It remains unclear exactly which comments Ms Truss made are being blamed for the nuclear threat. However, in media rounds yesterday she warned Russia against inflicting war on a member of Nato. This afternoon's statement will be the first chance the Foreign Secretary has had to respond to the inflammatory remarks. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as his OWN official apologises to Ukraine [REACTION]Zelenskyy signing up Russians to fight with Ukraine [INSIGHT]Roman Abramovich to take part in peace talks after Ukraine appeal [UPDATE] She will give a statement in the House of Commons at 3.30pm. While Ms Truss will likely respond to Russia's nuclear threat, she is expected to outline more details of the sanctions the UK is imposing on Moscow. Britain has sought to act in conjunction with the EU, US and other Western allies to economically cripple Russia as punishment for last week's invasion of Ukraine. Russia's national currency, the rouble, dropped more than 20 percent against the dollar this morning in response to the economic measures imposed. The Central Bank of the Russian Federation has been forced to hike up interest rates from 9.5 percent to 20 percent in a frantic bid to stabilise the economy. Central banks typically hold reserves overseas in dollars and other major global currencies. But the sanctions mean Moscow cannot access those funds which the central banks could have used to prop up the country's currency. Britain has continued to ramp up sanctions on an almost daily basis in order to keep up the pressure on Putin.