Mr Farage blamed the West for "poking the Russian bear with a stick." But LBC Presenter Mr Dale hit out at Mr Farage, describing his tweet as "truly shameful" and criticising the former politician for failing to condemn the Russian leader. Writing on Twitter, he said: "Truly shameful, Nigel. "These are indeed dark days for Europe. You're right on that. "But there is only one man to blame here, Putin. "Not Nato. Not the EU. Putin. "I find it astonishing that you blame everyone else for this invasion, but don't utter a word of condemnation for Putin." Former government minister Anna Soubry threw her weight behind Mr Dale, retweeting his remarks. She added: "I’m not astonished … this is who #Farage is and always has been. "My astonishment is that so many good people unquestioningly gave him a platform. "So many have believed in him and have swallowed his lies." READ MORE: Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin  In his original tweet, Mr Farage had said: "Well, I was wrong. Putin has gone much further than I thought he would. "A consequence of EU and NATO expansion, which came to a head in 2014. "It made no sense to poke the Russian bear with a stick. "These are dark days for Europe." DON'T MISS: Putin support CRUMBLING - furious Russians lose patience [ANALYSIS] 'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [REACTION] Britons furious over 'Brexit betrayer' Johnson as Farage backed for PM [REPORT] This came after the Russian President officially declared war on Ukraine, launching a full-scale invasion in the early hours of this morning. Tanks rolled into Ukraine on three fronts earlier today, while explosions were heard across the country. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen shared her support for the people of Ukraine, saying: "We will not let President Putin tear down Europe's security architecture. "He should not underestimate the resolve and strength of our democracies. "The European Union stands with Ukraine and its people. Ukraine will prevail." UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss condemned the "appalling, unprovoked attack" on Ukraine. She tweeted: "I strongly condemn the appalling, unprovoked attack President Putin has launched on the people of Ukraine. "We stand with Ukraine and we will work with our international partners to respond to this terrible act of (aggression)."