Lewis Hamilton will be itching to reclaim his F1 title in 2022, after controversially losing out to Red Bull and Max Verstappen last year. The Mercedes star has warned Verstappen that he'll be going into the campaign fresher than ever before. Pre-season running is officially underway in Barcelona, with all 10 teams given the chance to try out their new car ahead of the 2022 season. There are new restrictions in place for the upcoming season, so each driver will be keen to get used to their new car and spend as much time as possible on the track. Hamilton, in particular, will be chomping at the bit to get the new season underway, as he aims to reclaim his title. The Brit has admitted he feels refreshed after the winter break, and warned his competitors that he's ready to go. READ MORE: FIA issue response to Lewis Hamilton's 'bias' claims about stewards Ahead of his first testing session, Hamilton said: “I feel the freshest that I ever have. “Of course, there are so many different ways you can re-focus and get re-centred, and I would say this [break] was one of the best I've ever experienced. “It was definitely more about being present and in the moment, and creating memories. “I know sometimes in life, we get so focussed and stuck into certain things like work that we forget to do those things [spending time with family]. “So it was a great time, just refreshing with the family. It was the best period of time I've actually ever had with my family.” DON'T MISSToto Wolff, Christian Horner agree on Lewis Hamilton's 'bias' comment [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton and co 'sent letter' to FIA demanding F1 rule changes [NEWS]Hamilton's hilarious request in press conference chat with Ricciardo [QUOTES] Hamilton spent most of the morning watching his new team-mate on the track, George Russell. Russell moved to Mercedes from Williams during the off-season. He'll be replacing Valtteri Bottas in the hotseat next to Hamilton. The two Mercedes drivers came in fourth and fifth place after the first day of pre-season testing. Hamilton didn't spend as much time in the car as his team-mate, and ended the day in fifth. This year marks the 10th season Hamilton's spent with Mercedes, gaining six titles during that time. Mercedes Team Principal, Toto Wolff, has claimed Hamilton is in "attack mode" for the 2022 season, after spending time away from social media this winter. He said: "I think what he did was absolutely right, to take himself out of the microcosmos of Formula 1 and step aside, and blackout socially. "He has come back in a great mindset. He’s positive, he’s determined and yet again adversity that was thrown at him will make him stronger. And as he said, it’s attack mode." Elsewhere, Lando Norris finished the opening day of pre-season testing at the top of the table. The McLaren driver snuck in at the top during the final few laps, to deny a Ferrari one-two. Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz were competing against each other for most of the day to claim the fastest lap. But, Norris spent the entire day on the track, and ultimately set the pace with a 1:19:586.