Novak Djokovic’s dominance could be under threat from the latest young prospect to break through. 18-year-old Carlos Alcaraz had long been tipped for success and proved he’s already a threat by becoming the youngest-ever ATP 500 champion in Rio on Sunday. The Spaniard is now eyeing Djokovic’s world No 1 spot after making his top 20 debut. Alcaraz had previously been hailed as the ‘next Rafael Nadal’ as a hard-hitting Spaniard breaking several youngest-ever records in the same manner the 21-time Major champion did in the early stages of his career. The 18-year-old has been tipped as one of the biggest stars of the next generation of tennis players, having already won his first title last summer in Umag, going on to reach the US Open quarter-finals by defeating third seed Stefanos Tsitsipas en route. But the Spaniard proved he’s already part of the current generation with his title win at last week’s Rio Open, becoming the youngest ATP 500 champion in history at 18 years and 291 days old. He defeated world No 6 Matteo Berrettini in the quarters before downing former champion Diego Schwartzman 6-4 6-2 in an hour and 24 minutes in Sunday’s final to lift his second trophy. JUST IN: Djokovic addresses validity of Covid tests after investigation doubts  With the win, Alcaraz makes his top 20 debut this week at world No 20, rising nine places thanks to his triumph in Rio. The victory also puts him at number ten in the race to the season-ending tournament in Turin, with the top eight players qualifying for the prestigious 1500-point ATP Finals. Alcaraz, who has previously trained with Nadal at the Rafa Nadal Academy, has now set his sights high after becoming the youngest ATP 500 winner. "Right now, I set myself the goal of not leaving the top 20 and continuing to improve positions little by little,” he told Punto De Break. DON’T MISSRaducanu 'never had tequila' as she sips virgin margarita on returnNorrie beats Opelka to win Delray Beach Open and third ATP Tour titleNick Kyrgios blasted a 'clown and an idiot' in scathing rant  “I have several tournaments that I couldn't play last year, which I interpret as a great opportunity to continue progressing.” The new world No 20 has already pulled out of this week’s ATP 500 in Acapulco to get some rest after his title run but is eyeing the top spot of the rankings for the future. He continued: “This title gives me a lot of confidence in what I am doing because I consider that I am on the right path to be No 1 in the world. “That is one of my goals because I am a boy who dreams big and I wish I could win Olympic medals and get Grand Slam titles.” The two-time title winner, who won’t turn 19 until May, is coached by former world No 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero and has learned how difficult it is to get to the top from his mentor. “If not if I deviate from this path, I know that I will have opportunities to achieve it, but I know how difficult it is and I am clear that what I have done so far does not guarantee me anything. “He [Ferrero] tells me how difficult and sacrificial it is to get to the top.”