Stars of Bravo’s highly acclaimed reality series Below Deck’s second spin-off Below Deck Sailing Yacht have hit rocky waters. This came after Jean-Luc Cerza-Lanaux made the decision to update fans about his paternity saga on social media, which Chief Stewardess Daisy Kelliher labelled inappropriate.  During season two of the series, viewers watched as stewardess Dani Soarse hit it off with deckhand Jean-Luc Cerza-Lanaux. Sparks flew and the two confirmed their romantic relationship as they memorably disembarked the famous yacht together. During the reunion which aired in June 2021, it became clear their relationship had become strained after Dani announced the two were expecting a child. She also unveiled Jean-Luc’s doubts about the paternity of the pregnancy and shared he: “thinks it’s not his child, and he doesn’t want to have anything to do with it.” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? As the deckhand didn’t attend the reunion, viewers were eager to hear his side of the drama, which was finally addressed during a separate sit down with host Andy Cohen. When Jean-Luc broke his silence, he accused Dani of “chasing 15 minutes of fame” and claimed he was unaware of the pregnancy until the birth in May 2021. He added, he had taken a paternity test and confirmed he would be involved with the child if he was indeed the father. In January, Jean-Luc took to Instagram to reveal he was the father and wrote: “I can’t let 2022 go any further without sharing some beautiful news. “An international DNA test that was done a while ago was no small feat. I’m happy and proud to say Sweet and beautiful Lilly Rose is my daughter.” In a recent interview with Page Six, Chief stewardess Daisy Kelliher shared her thoughts about the whole ordeal and jibed at Jean-Luc. She disclosed: “I mean, it was very bizarre. I think everyone can agree it was pretty inappropriate for social media. “I don’t think that was something that should have been so publicly displayed, it’s their business, and I’m there to help either of them if they need us.” DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]Below Deck Sailing Yacht season 3 release time: All we know [INSIGHT]Below Deck’s Captain Lee recalls ‘huge mistake’ with wife [INSIGHT] Speaking on the way Jean-Luc handled the situation, Daisy continued: “I think he’s just a bit young, and unfortunately, it’s going to be one of these things he’s going to look back on and possibly have some regrets about. “I think primarily it was the way it was handled, so that was most heart-wrenching. “It wasn’t so much the circumstance, it was the implications of how it was handled, so that was quite frustrating,” she concluded. In April 2021, Dani reflected on her romance with the 25-year old during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen: “I think when we were playing Truth or Dare and he said that he fancied me, I don’t know, it just made me look at him differently.” As well as the birth of their baby, a number of things have changed for both Dani and Jean-Luc since the reunion aired. Dani relocated to Australia and decided to pursue a new career in Nursing, which she was studying alongside a job as a beauty therapist. While Jean-Luc was residing in Miami and working on a new boat, neither of the two is expected to make a return to Bravo in Below Deck Sailing Yacht’s third season. It was also recently revealed the ex-deckhand had blocked Daisy after she weighed in on their drama. Speaking to USWeekly Daisy stated: “I speak to Dani all the time, she’s doing great. I would wish she was closer so that I could kind of physically support her and I’d love to meet Lilly, Jean-Luc recently blocked me. So that’s that.” Below Deck Sailing Yacht season three is available to stream on Bravo in the USA and available on Hayu in the UK.   