Haas have announced that they will remove all Uralkali branding on their car for Friday's test in Barcelona, confirming they will run in a "plain white livery". Russia's invasion into Ukraine has led to sanctions being issued all over the world.  Manchester United's sponsor Aeroflot - described as the club's "official carrier" - have been banned from operating in the UK. UEFA and FIFA delegates have also called for emergency meetings over upcoming World Cup Play-off fixtures along with the Champions League final scheduled to take place in St Petersburg on May 28. UEFA are expected to strip Russia of the Champions League final at their meeting, while Poland, Czech Republic and Sweden have jointly announced they will refuse to play their World Cup qualifying play-offs in the country. In F1, there are further doubts on whether the Russian Grand Prix will go ahead as planned in September.  Sebastian Vettel announced earlier in the day that he would refuse to race in Russia amid military tensions in Ukraine. Haas, sponsored by Russian firm Uralkali, pulled Guenther Steiner from his scheduled press conference on Thursday. And the American-backed team have now announced they will run Friday's test session without any of Uralkali's branding on their cars. The statement read: "Haas F1 Team will present its VF-22 in a plain white livery, minus Uralkali branding, for the third and final day of track running at Circuit de Barcelona – Catalunya on Friday 25 February. "Nikita Mazepin will drive as planned in the morning session with Mick Schumacher taking over in the afternoon. "No further comment will be made at this time regarding team partner agreements." Steiner refused to be drawn into commenting on the political situation in Russia following the country's invasion of Ukraine. "We are not getting involved in these politics," he said.  "Obviously, like everybody watches what is going on in the moment in the world, it’s all over the world that things are going on. "So, we watch it and if there is something, we will deal with it. But at the moment, we don’t get involved in it because we don’t have a vote on these things, to be honest, and I’m glad that we don’t have a vote on this. "We are here for the sport and that is what they are doing. Then [if] something is coming up, sanctions or whatever, we will deal with it. "But in the moment, there is nothing we can do about it."