In the few months since it launched as a free-to-play puzzle game, Wordle has amassed millions of fans. For many people, Wordle has become an important part of the daily routine, which is why it was such a cause for concern when The New York Times purchased exclusive rights to the popular puzzler. The New York Times has told fans that the game will remain free for the time being, but whether it stays this way in the long-term remains to be seen. Indeed, the first signs of Wordle going behind a paywall has just been discovered. When visiting the Wordle website, fans are now being re-directed to a site hosted by The New York Times. Eagle-eyed fans will have noticed that the logo has slightly changed, but apart from that, everything else is pretty much untouched. Indeed, your streak and stats should have migrated to the new site, although as Endgadget points out, a small number of players have had their stats wiped. There's also a new menu option in the top-left part of the page, which brings up some of the NYT's other games. In case you're new to Wordle, the aim of the game is to guess the five-letter word within six attempts. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. If you really want a challenge, Wordle even has a hard mode, which can be turned on in the settings. To enable hard mode, simply click the settings icon in the top-right part of the screen. Here you'll be presented with a list of options, including the hard mode setting. The settings menu also has an option to enable dark theme, which sets the background to black. That's on top of a colourblind mode. With hard mode enabled, players are forced to use any yellow and green letters in subsequent guesses. This means you can't use your next guess to rule out a large number of letters. Instead, you have to play the yellow and greens you've already uncovered.