Nutritionist Rosie Millen is the author behind Burnout’s a B*tch. The food expert discussed what to eat and what not to eat to help sleep with Express.co.uk. She posts on her Instagram account @missnutritionist where she inspired others to improve their nutrition. She said there are some food people should never eat before going to bed. "The most obvious one here is coffee," Rosie said. "Caffeine has a half-life of about four to five hours so if you drink a cup of coffee after dinner at 9pm, four hours later half of the caffeine is still going to be in your bloodstream keeping you awake. "Make sure your last cup of coffee is no later than 2pm." READ MORE: How to sleep: The drink that could help - 'a single cup' may 'help you sleep better' Another drink which will no favours to those trying to sleep is alcohol. "Alcohol really disrupts sleep," the nutritionist said. "It has been linked to poor sleep quality and sleep duration. "A review of 27 studies found that alcohol reduces the amount of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep you get." A sweet snack some may be surprised to find could keep them up is chocolate biscuits. DON'T MISSSleep: Poor sleeping habits decrease cells' that fight off cancer [WARNING] Five unusual side effects of insomnia you should know [SLEEP] Jo Whiley health: 'Most important thing' to tackle 'annoying' condition [TIP] Rosie said: "Be careful of biscuits before bed- especially ones with chocolate in. "Chocolate contains caffeine which affects sleep. "Caffeine delays the release of melatonin which is the hormone that tells the body to fall asleep." The expert advised there are some foods that might help someone fall asleep. She said: "The best foods to consider before going to bed - especially if you are hungry are almonds, cherries, and chamomile tea. "Cherries contain melatonin, almonds contain good amounts of magnesium which helps the muscles to relax and chamomile tea is very calming on the body." Putting away electricals a few hours before bed and exercising in the day can also help sleep. Which other foods might aid sleep?