Arsenal icon Kevin Campbell says he is “100 per cent sure” that Kieran Tierney will be handed the captain’s armband at the Emirates Stadium next season if Alexandre Lacazette leaves the club. Lacazette took on the captaincy following Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s departure but is coming to the end of his Gunners contract and has been widely tipped to quit the club in the summer. “The captain’s armband has gone to Kieran Tierney when Lacazette has gone off,” Campbell said. “I think it’s quite clear that Tierney is the vice-captain now and so he should be. I believe he is the right man for the job. “When Lacazette leaves at the end of the season I expect Tierney to be named the captain - 100 per cent. “Maybe [Martin] Odegaard will be his vice-captain after that. Odegaard will not be the main captain but I think he’ll be part of the leadership group.” Arsenal shelled out £25million to prise Tierney away from Celtic nearly three years ago and the left-back has gone-on to establish himself as a key figure in the Gunners defence. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  Tierney’s form, together with the arrivals of Ben White, Takehiro Tomiyasu and Aaron Ramsdale, has helped the north Londoners become much more assured at the back. The 24-year-old has racked-up 83 appearances during his Arsenal career and has grabbed headlines for his hardy attitude and uncompromising style of play. Tierney played the full 90 minutes last time out as his side defeated Wolves 2-1 after Lacazette forced an own-goal from visiting goalkeeper Jose Sa five minutes into stoppage time at the end of the match. And the Scotland international was quick to pay tribute to the current skipper. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens     “The work that he puts in that people don’t see, people don’t recognise away from the football club, is massive. “It helps all the young boys, it helps everyone in the team. You can trust him. “He’s the captain and he’s just an amazing guy as well. I am so, so happy for him.” Arsenal are currently sixth in the Premier League table but have three games in hand on fourth-place Manchester United, who they trail by just two points.   So the north Londoners will be confident of leapfrogging the 13-times Premier League champions and securing Champions League qualification come the end of the campaign. And Tierney believes his side are on an upward trajectory. “We need to aim as high as possible,” the left-back added. “That’s what we are doing. Results like this build momentum - they build team mentality and that’s what you want.” Tierney could be the ideal man to lead his team-mates next season - but his sole focus for now will surely be based around helping his side finish the season as strongly as they can. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 