If you like the idea of Wordle but feel more comfortable solving number puzzles, then Nerdle is the game for you. The maths-based Wordle clone tasks players with solving an entire 8-character calculation in just six guesses. It's very similar to Wordle, although there are a lot more variables. Similar to its word-based equivalent, players start a game of Nerdle with a blank grid. Tiles turn green if you guess a number or symbol in the correct position; purple if the number or symbol appears in the calculation but in a different position; or black if it doesn't feature at all. If you're struggling to solve those tricky Nerdle puzzles, game creator Richard Mann has shared some tips with Express Online. "You have 6 guesses to solve the Nerdle calculation. But with the right strategy, it should normally be solvable in 3 to 5 guesses," Mann explains. "Without giving too much away, here are a few great tips." 1. In your first guess, you start with no clues, so get as much information about the answer as you can in one guess: - Use as many different numbers and symbols as you can, instead of repeats. For example 23+45=68 - It is very helpful to work out which symbols are used, so consider a starting guess with two of them. For example 9+8*7=65 - See if you can find a starting guess that combines both of the rules above. 2. Now you’ve made a guess, remember that a green tile means your number is in the right place, a purple tile means that number is in the solution but in a different place and a black means that the number doesn’t appear in the answer. Use as much of this information as you can for your subsequent guesses. 3. Normally, you should try to get as close to the solution as you with each guess. To do that: - Try to find a calculation that keeps the green tiles in the same place, moves the purple tiles around and avoids reusing the black tiles. - Where possible, introduce numbers that you haven’t yet tried. - But watch out for the possibility of a tricky repeated number. 4. Remember ‘order of operations’ from maths lessons? Don’t forget to calculate multiplication and division first. For example, 1+2*3 = 7 because it is the same as 1+6. 5. Of course, it helps to be lucky. If you ever get a Nerdle right on your first guess, maybe buy a lottery ticket!