More than 21 million people own Government-backed NS&I premium bonds worth over £116billion. But are Premium Bonds worth it or should savers invest their money elsewhere? Every month millions of Britons eagerly await the NS&I premium bonds prize draw to see if they have scooped the £1million jackpot. While these savings accounts are popular because of the promise of cash prizes, commentators have questioned whether they are always the best option especially amid rising inflation. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis tackled this question recently after looking closely at the evidence. On his website he said: “The nearest thing Premium Bonds have to an interest rate is their annual prize rate, currently 1 percent." READ MORE: Council tax: How to get £150 rebate if you are exempt from paying Mr Lewis continued: “The interest rate describes the "average" payout, but it is just a vague watermark. “It describes the 'mean' average, indicating that for every £100 paid into bonds, on average £1 a year is paid out – yet in practice this is impossible, as the smallest prize is £25. “In fact, the Premium Bond Probability Calculator shows if 30 people each had £100 invested, for one to win £25-plus, the remaining 29 would have to win nothing. “With Premium Bonds, for every person who wins £1 million a lot of people have to win nothing.” DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] However, the financial expert did conclude that in some cases Premium Bonds can be an attractive investment. He added: “The more bonds you have the more chance you have of winning.” The financial journalist isn’t the only person to advise Britons to weigh up their options when it comes to choosing Premium Bonds over other savings and investments. Financial planner and founder of Equilibrium Financial Planning, Colin Lawson recently advised Britons to end their "love affair" with NS&I Premium Bonds. Mr Lawson believes NS&I Premium Bonds are no longer a good investment. He points out that if savers who bought the maximum £50,000 in Premium Bonds 25 years ago had instead invested in a basket of global equities, they would now have a pot worth £418,938. Mr Lawson said: “Ask any financial planner if Premium Bonds are a good investment, and you would get a resounding ‘no’. “Despite being closer to cash than an investment, there are many people holding large amounts of money in them, often for decades at a time. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He continued: “I believe if you’re holding some money in them for the short-term, perhaps to pay a looming tax bill for example, then they certainly have their place. “Unfortunately, that is not how most people utilise them. “While I know that each Premium Bonds prize win gives a dopamine hit, it’s surely not as great a hit as having more funds to look after those you love.” The next Premium Bonds prize draw will be available on March 2. 