Princess Charlotte was christened on July 5, 2015 aged only four months at Sandringham's own parish church of St Mary Magdalene. The church is well known as it traditionally hosts the Queen and other members of the Royal Family during their annual stay in Norfolk when they attend Christmas mass. But in addition to holding a special place in Her Majesty's calendar, St Mary Magdalene was selected in order for Prince William to pay a very "symbolic" tribute to his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. Royal commentator Emily Andrews told Channel 5's Secret of the Royal Palaces: "The chapel of St Mary Magdalene is the parish church of Sandringham House. "It has a history as well through William's mother, Diana Spencer. She was also christened there." Princess Diana was born on the Sandringham Estate in July 1961, at a time when her parents, the then-Viscount and Viscountess Althorp, leased property from the Royal Family. Commentator Richard Kay said: "Prince William likes the symbolism. JUST IN: William and Kate to clash in battle for pride as Harry's book looms "He's made it clear he wanted Diana involved on the journey that he embarked on with Kate, first as his wife by presenting her with his mother's engagement ring. "And then at Charlotte's christening because they chose the very church Diana was christened in herself." Indeed the couple paid its biggest tribute to Diana with Princess Charlotte's full name - Charlotte Elizabeth Diana. They however reportedly opted out of picking either the Queen's name or William's mother's name as their daughter's first name due to security concerns. READ MORE: Kate Middleton 'went bright red' and ‘scuttled off’ on first encountering Prince William  Mr Kay added: "I think he very wisely decided not to give Charlotte his mother's name as her first name. "Everything she did and said would have been compared with her. "By giving Diana as the middle name, it means Diana is still there." Princess Charlotte shares her name with younger cousin Lilibet Diana, daughter to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's £400,000 ring from William signifies 'hope' [REVEAL]Meghan, Harry, Kate and William’s 'fab four’ dream was 'disastrous'[SPOTLIGHT]Kate stands up to represent Royal Family hit by Covid [INSIGHT] Charlotte is the only child of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to have been christened outside of London. Both Prince George and his younger brother Prince Louis were baptised at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace. The Cambridges' only daughter was also the first member of the Royal Family to be christened at St Mary Magdalene since 1990, when Prince Andrew and Sarah, Duchess of York picked it as the location for Princess Eugenie's own ceremony.