On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin declared an attack on Ukraine, with reports of explosions near major cities across the country. The attacks continued overnight and into Friday morning, and according to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, 137 people had been killed, and 316 wounded so far. But according to UK estimates, Putin has lost more than 450 military personnel after Moscow unleashed the biggest attack on a European state since World War Two. During Friday's Good Morning Britain, ITV hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard grilled Sir Keir Starmer about whether the UK government is doing enough to support Ukraine. Garraway suggested that it felt like "we're not standing with them". Shephard went on to bring up the number of deaths that have been reported in Ukraine. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? "There's just breaking news that's come from the Ukrainian minister saying that Russia has hit 33 civilians sites in the last 24 hours, and when we came on air, there were 137 deaths reported in Ukraine," the host began. "They're now reporting that two children have died as well. "I mean, if ever there was a signal, Sir Keir Starmer, things need to be done and it needs to escalate. "It's those statistics that are coming in for the people of Ukraine. Sanctions and financial sanctions might sound great, but they aren't visible indications of us standing with them." Shephard continued: "Do you ever envisage an opportunity or a situation whereby a military NATO military will actually go into Ukraine and help support the battle that they're having with the Russians?" "Well, the collective decision is against that, and it's very important that we act in the United Way with NATO, that will be a significant step," Starmer replied. "I think it's very important that we act together with our NATO allies, and they're against that action." Starmer went on to point out that they are supporting Ukraine with equipment and financial assistance. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [SPOILERS]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] He continued: "Putting in those sanctions, improving and taking those sanctions even further, both in the United Kingdom across the world is so important. "And of course, reinforcing our support for the surrounding countries and states around Ukraine, who are themselves deeply anxious about the situation for very obvious reasons." However, Garraway chipped into the discussion as she pointed out financial sanctions would mean very little to those fearing for the loss of loved ones and the human cost on the ground. Picking apart Starmer's response, she added: "Of course, it's very difficult though, isn't it? "I'm sure I can see your solid stance but I'm sure it pains you because for that person holding that dead child in their arms in Ukraine this morning... it means nothing, does it, hobbling the economy long term?" "What about our economy? What can Labour do right now because this is going to get to people across the UK?" "Obviously, there will be an impact an economic cost here to the action that is being taken," Starmer replied. "Some of that will be in relation to what we call cost of living, the bills that people will see on a month to month basis. "Frankly, I do think the government should have already acted as we put a very firm proposal on the table weeks ago now in relation to a windfall tax on oil and gas companies in the North Sea to bring the cost of energy bills down by up to £600." "But I don't think the government's really tackled this at all well," Starmer went on to admit. "And therefore yes, there will be implications because of what's going on in Ukraine. When it comes to energy bills, the government has failed very badly." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.