New data from the UK’s largest property portal, Rightmove, revealed yesterday that asking prices have increased by an eye-watering £7,785 this month to hit a record £348,804. Since the pandemic began almost two years ago, asking prices have increased by nearly £40,000. The data showed that despite a lack of housing stock still plaguing the industry, buyers are still being driven by the pandemic to buy new homes. Surging demand and a shortage of homes is also supporting the recent rise in house prices. Jonathan Rolande, from the National Association of Property Buyers (NAPB) has said demand is continuing to “soar” in all regions of the country. He said: “Whether you look north, south, east or west the situation is the same - prices are continuing to soar. “I don’t expect that to change anytime soon. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda “We should expect many months of rises before things start to level out. “The average homeowner is now looking at making a £100,000 profit when they move properties which has really turned the market on its head. “Although it is great news for those owning a property it means the cost of finding a larger property when you want to upsize is going through the roof as well." The continuing surge in prices is puts sellers in a good position to put their homes on the market.  DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [UPDATE]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [ANALYSIS] However, with buyer demand up by 16 percent in February, buyers are struggling to find a home with both stiff competition and a lack of choice being particular problems. Mr Rolande said a “huge” lack of supply is a “really big issue”, with many homeowners sitting and waiting until more homes come to market. He added: “Where people are selling they are increasingly looking to rent while they find their dream home. “And that is driving rental prices to fresh highs as well. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “When you throw in the cost of living crisis it means many households face a hard winter and spring.” Rightmove’s Tim Bannister said a “fear of missing out” is driving the market at the moment because movers don’t want to be disappointed if they miss out on finding their dream home. He continued: “The fast-moving market has really hit home for sellers too this month, with a number of those who are also buyers putting themselves in the best position to secure their dream home by getting their own home on the market first. "This in turn is driving a rise in new listings compared to last year, giving the existing pool of buyers some fresh choice."  Despite recording slow house price growth last year, there has been a sudden surge of interest from buyers looking to move in and around London which has led to a six percent increase in asking prices. In fact, January saw a 51 percent increase in searches for “buy a house in London” compared to last year. Estate Agents Douglas & Gordon have seen a 34 percent increase in enquiries for properties in London, with areas like Battersea, Clapham and Notting Hill being the in-demand right now. Other areas that have seen an increase in asking prices include Scotland, Yorkshire and the Humber, Wales and the North West.