Finnish skiier Remi Lindholm endured a shocking injury during the brutal Men's 50km Cross-Country Skiing event at the Beijing Winter Olympics on Saturday. The race was shortened due to strong winds, but that did not prevent the elements from getting the better of Lindholm, who fell well short of a medal which may have offset the 'unbearable' aftermath of his 'frozen penis'. Cross-country skiing is well known as one of the most brutal sports on the Winter Olympic roster. Research shows that top athletes burn in excess of 1,000 calories in an hour, and collapsing at the finish line is just another day at the office. The 50km event, the most brutal edition of cross-country skiing at Beijing's games, was made even more tough for Lindholm in freezing cold winds. After coming home in 28th, Finnish outlet IL claim that he had suffered a frozen penis during the race which needed immediate attention in the locker room. "You can probably guess what was on the ice when I got to the finish line," he said. Shockingly, it is the second time that the 24-year-old has suffered a frozen penis in the last four months, after enduring something similar in November's Ruka World Cup. However, the Finn admitted: "It was [worse this time]. Pretty unbearable pain." A heat bag supposedly came to his rescue once the race was over, although Lindholm still expressed concern about his prospects of having children in the future. "The headwind sections were the most difficult," he added, "Maybe 7/10 is my grade for these races." Strong winds and tough conditions saw the 50km distance shortened to 30km as athletes battled to see the finish line at the Zhangjiakou Olympic Ski Stadium. ROC athletic Alexander Bolshunov came home to take gold in a time of 1:11:32.7. Bolshunov, who now has nine Winter Olympic medals in his collection, described the victory as a 'huge accomplishment'. The ROC are now ninth in the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics medals table, with six of their 32 medals gold. Despite Lindholm's incredible efforts, he was unable to add to Finland's two gold medals which leaves them outside the top 15 countries. Great Britain trail just behind, boasting one gold and two bronzes from their time in Beijing.