Veteran actress Helen Mirren, 76, was honoured at the Screen Actors Guild Awards this year, becoming their 57th lifetime achievement award recipient. The star was presented with the Life Achievement Award by Oscar-winning actresses Kate Winslet, 46, (remotely) and Cate Blanchett, 52. The Red actress accepted the award and joked: “Thank you S.A.G. so much for this… “I hate to say the word ‘sag’ at my age, you know…” The SAG Awards were held in Los Angeles. Dame Helen added: “This is for the actors.” READ MORE: Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil Vickery in candid chat  Dame Helen wore a demure pastel pink, embellished Prada number for the special occasion with a matching pink hairband. Earlier, on the red carpet, the 76-year-old told Variety that the award was “incredibly meaningful” to her and that the honour “completely took me by surprise”. “Of course, to get it from my fellow actors, it’s amazing.” She added: “And, I have to say, specifically my fellow actors in America. “I joined the SAG when I very first came to America in the ‘70s. “Immediately joined SAG. “And I’ve always been a great admirer of American acting, all my life… DON’T MISS: John Cleese blasts Trump’s claims Putin wouldn’t dare invade Ukraine under his presidency [INSIGHT]David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's partner 'was a b**** to him' [LATEST]'Didn't want him in my life!' Chemmy Alcott named broken shin after golfer Sir Nick Faldo [UPDATE]     “So to get it from my fellow American actors is fantastic.” Dame Helen recently appeared on the Lorraine show to promote her upcoming film, The Duke, where she hinted that she may be retiring soon. When Lorraine congratulated her on her SAG lifetime achievement award, Dame Helen said: “It's a funny moment that, of course, there is a great feeling of pride, you know 'Wow, me, really?' and then, of course, there is a slight sting in the tail as well of 'Oh gosh.' “You know in a way that you are coming to the end of the road, certainly the road is in sight where it wasn't sort of 20 years ago, and you can see it down the road. “It is a moment for reflection of 'Do I deserve this?' “'How did I get here?' “'How did that happen?'”