  This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield gave fans a teaser for what was to come on the show today. Taking to Instagram, the talk show host addressed a dilemma with his followers, as he took a photo of the ITV show's latest guest in quite an extraordinary position.      Phillip, 59, posted the bizarre update in view of his three million Instagram followers. Towards the start of the show, Phillip couldn't help but wonder if he should step in to help out his guest. Pictured was a woman dangling upside down, seemingly supported by a piece of fabric. The flexible guest had her legs wrapped around pieces of silk attached to what appeared to be some sort of metal frame. READ MORE: 'Very worrying time' Piers Morgan on Queen's shock Covid diagnosis     Next to the photo, Phillip wrote: “Not sure if I should rush in and help this guest!!!” There are forms of gymnastics, acrobatics, and dance that make use of aerial silks, which seemed to be what the woman in the picture was attempting. The practice of Aerial Silks involves two lengths of fabric rigged from the ceiling, where adventurous aerialists might attempt to climb and contort around the pieces of fabric, which help to build strength. On the show today, Phillip and his co-star Holly Willoughby, 41, also hosted a debate on gender neutral bathrooms, chatted to resident chef Gino D'Acampo and spoke to Strictly’s Craig Revel Horwood about his upcoming solo tour.      Yesterday, Phillip celebrated four decades in showbusiness, with many of his ITV co-stars paying tribute to the popular star. ITV even dedicated Monday’s episode of Lorraine to the presenter, who couldn’t conceal his shock when Lorraine Kelly, 62, broke the news. On her show yesterday, Lorraine held the book entitled Phillip Schofield: 40 Years, quipping: “So here's a wee bit of a clue. “I'm outside This Morning's make-up room, I've got a big book. He's currently getting ready behind the door, I hope he's there.” READ MORE... Ruth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced [UPDATE] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [INSIGHT] Eamonn Holmes defends Rylan Clark over 'sickies' accusation [LATEST]     When Lorraine was met by a totally surprised Phillip, he was caught unawares backstage and protested that he didn’t have a microphone on. “We've got lots of surprises for you, lots of people who want to say hello. So please come with me or we'll be in big trouble,” Lorraine insisted. Phillip was joined on the Lorraine sofa by Holly, who was determined to see him celebrate his 40 year milestone. Holly has admitted that, while he is a pro at being on screen, her long-time pal doesn’t like to be the centre of attention.     Before the show, she shared a throwback image of Phillip, writing: “Today the TV oracle marks his 40th year in the business… “For a long time I watched you and then for the last 15 years I have been lucky enough to sit alongside you. “You have taught me so much, you have always been patient and generous with me… It’s been an honour to play a part in your TV story… love you to bits.” This Morning airs weekdays 10-12:30pm on ITV.    