Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has warned Manchester United they are coming for their fourth spot after the Gunners' late win over Wolves on Thursday. Jose Sa's 96th-minute own goal saw Arsenal beat Bruno Lage's side 2-1 at the Emirates in a crucial match in the race for the Champions League qualification places. Arsenal now sit fifth in the Premier League table, one point behind United. But Arteta's side have two games in hand over the Red Devils. Arteta was directly asked about being close to United in his post-match interview on Amazon Prime Video. And he outlined his desire to finish above Ralf Rangnick's side, though admitting the games in hand mean nothing unless you win them. JUST IN: Arsenal snatch late Wolves win: Five things we learned as Gunners secure dramatic victory  "Well we have the possibility obviously to go above [United], which is what we want," Arteta said. "But we have to go game by game, now it's Watford, and the two games in hand really are not important. "We still have 14 games to play and we have to make the most out of them. That's the objective." Alexandre Lacazette had a difficult night before playing a big role in the winner. DON'T MISSTottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger [REPORT]Why Diego Simeone didn’t shake Ralf Rangnick’s hand after Atletico and Man Utd draw [NEWS]Four former Man Utd players we can't believe are still playing in 2022 [OPINION]  The Frenchman's shot was parried into his own goal by Wolves keeper Sa. Despite the goal not going down as Lacazette's, Arteta was delighted for his captain. "I'm really happy for Laca," he added. "He's worked so hard and some days he's been getting stick, and his personal situation, and his contract and everything. "I'm extremely happy with him and proud of him because he keeps fighting.  "He puts the team and the team-mates in front of everyone else and I'm so happy for that." Arsenal are now in serious contention to finish in the top four for the first time since 2016. Arteta admits his expectations this season have changed as the campaign has gone on. "Yes very much because after three defeats in the first three games we had to avoid relegation," he conceded. "That was the first thing we had to and then just go game by game, don't lose sight and direction, and the aims and objectives that we have as a team and be consistent with the decisions, with the way you prepare the team, and just believe that result will come." 