Kate Garraway will be opening up about her husband Derek Draper's gruelling road to recovery in an ITV documentary named Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek. The 54-year-old Good Morning Britain presenter's husband had to spend a total of 374 days in hospital after contracting coronavirus in March 2020. Almost two years on and the former lobbyist still requires round-the-clock care, with Kate revealing he will die "within three days" if left unaided. In the documentary, Kate welcomes Derek back to their family home after he had to spend more than a year in a hospital. The programme is a follow-up to last year's emotional documentary named Finding Derek. ITV viewers were left in tears as Kate and Derek were filmed while he was in a hospital after contracting coronavirus. Their latest documentary examines the daily challenges the couple faces as Derek continues to battle the effects of coronavirus on his body. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? The couple live with their two children Billy, 12, and Darcy, 15, who have both had to keep strong for their parents over the past two years. Their dad now sleeps up to 20 hours a day and Kate admitted she wakes up every two hours at night to help his carers move him around their bed. While Derek is no longer infected with coronavirus, it has damaged his internal organs. This means he requires constant care and, according to The Sun, he "would die within three days if left to fend for himself".  During the documentary, Kate revealed she flew out to Mexico with Derek to look into a specialist treatment trial for him. It came after a doctor contacted the presenter after watching her first documentary about Derek and allowed him to have treatment at a clinic in Monterrey, Mexico. "I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve," Kate explained. "I think the treatment could be positive. I want to be slightly careful about saying too much because I’m aware everybody will go, ‘What is the trial?’ DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway hits back as she's accused of 'parading Derek' by viewer [LATEST]Derek Draper cried first time using the toilet since Covid [UPDATE]Kate Garraway health: Star's 'embarrassing' condition - symptoms [EXPLAINER] "And I don’t want to start something, offering up false hope to others who might be in a similar position. "But I’m just so desperate to be able to give a happy ending, for Derek mainly, but also for everybody who asks me every day how he’s getting on." Although Kate has spoken out on the positive progress her husband has made, she is continuing to adjust to a new life with her partner of 17 years. As reported by The Sun, Kate said of their 11,000-mile Mexico trip: “It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited.  “He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen. “I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve. I think the treatment could be positive.” Derek is set to return for 28 days next month, while healthcare professionals continue to monitor his brain, liver and lung function. Kate Garraway: Caring For Derek airs tonight on ITV at 9pm. 