Howard Cox, FairFuelUK founder, has called for a 5p cut on the price of fuel duty to reduce fees to 54.95p per litre. He said cutting fuel duty would be “the most sensible fiscal move” to help drivers in the wake of rising petrol and diesel costs. Fuel duty has remained at 59.95p per litre for over a decade after 10 years of Government freezes. Rates were expected to increase at the Autumn budget but were dropped after soaring costs last October. Mr Cox said: “Every single aspect of our economy is influenced by the price of oil. “Despite back below $100 on February 25, Brent Oil is still predicted to hit over $110 per barrel. READ MORE: Drivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices  “So, the most important help for voters from the Treasury, is to CUT FUEL DUTY. “That is the most sensible fiscal move in the lead up to the Chancellor’s Spring Financial Statement. "The Treasury knows full well, petrol and especially diesel prices at the pumps, critically affect inflation, logistics, business viability, jobs, and GDP. “As a nation that continues to tax drivers at the highest levels anywhere in the world, its time, way past time, the Chancellor returned some of the incredible huge VAT double taxation windfall from the last year’s high pump prices, to drivers in the form of a 5p cut in Fuel Duty." DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel hit new record as cost of oil rises: £1.50 per litre [INSIGHT]'Real danger’ petrol and diesel prices will hit £1.60 a litre [COMMENT]Panic buying frenzy at UK petrol stations amid Ukraine crisis [PICS] Petrol and diesel reached record levels on Wednesday with prices soaring to 149.5p for Unleaded and almost 153p for diesel. However, Mr Cox has warned petrol and diesel costs were around 16 to 18 pence higher than necessary. FairFuel has continually argued the UK has the highest-taxed drivers anywhere in Europe. They claim the UK has an average tax take of 65.3 percent, higher than countries such as Italy, France, Ireland and the Netherlands. FairFuel also shows many of these nations have dramatically lower pump prices than the UK despite the crisis. France, Denmark and Ireland are all charging between 10 and 12p less than the UK’s forecourt prices. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams recently warned increasing prices could cause “financial difficulties” for drivers. Speaking on Wednesday, he said: “If the oil price was to increase to $110 there’s a very real danger the average price of petrol would hit £1.55 a litre. “This would cause untold financial difficulties for many people who depend on their cars for getting to work and running their lives as it would skyrocket the cost of a full tank to £85. “At $120 a barrel – without any change to the exchange rate which is currently at $1.35 – we would be looking £1.60 a litre and £88 for a full tank.”