The reality of Russia's air war on Ukraine has been uncovered in a shocking video captured by ordinary Ukrainians trapped in the crossfire. Russian troops are advancing into Ukrainian territory after President Vladimir Putin declared war on Russia's neighbour in the early hours of Thursday morning.  The footage, captured by civilians trapped by the fighting, shows a Russian fighter plane conducting a low altitude bombing run over Ukrainian houses. Trails of smoke can be seen as the plane fires two missiles dangerously close to sheltering civilians. Screams can be heard from a child out of shot as the Ukrainians scramble to get out of the path of the jet. The purpose or target of the strike is uncertain as no military targets can be seen in the recording. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  The invasion of Ukraine followed months of Russian military buildup along the country's borders. Announcing the invasion in a televised address, Mr Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to "consequences they have never seen". He said Russia does not intend to occupy Ukraine, and claimed responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime". Western officials have reported forces crossing over from Belarus, where they have been engaged in large-scale exercises, and from Russian-occupied Crimea.  They are also said to have moved into the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Mr Putin has recognised the two breakaway "republics" of Donetsk and Luhansk. Ukraine's ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, has said anti-tank weapons supplied by the UK had been used against Russian tanks on Thursday, as he called on Nato to send troops into Ukraine. He said "we should have started much earlier, maybe decades ago" to prepare for Russian aggression. "That's why we've been trying to get into Nato (for) all these years," he added, "because we always believed this would come." DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] G7 leaders have condemned Russia's "unprovoked and completely unjustified attack" on Ukraine as a "serious violation" of international law. "This crisis is a serious threat to the rules-based international order, with ramifications well beyond Europe," the bloc said in a joint statement. "There is no justification for changing internationally recognised borders by force. This has fundamentally changed the Euro/Atlantic security situation. "President Putin has re-introduced war to the European continent. He has put himself on the wrong side of history. We call on the Russian Federation to stop the bloodshed, to immediately de-escalate and to withdraw its forces from Ukraine."