Dr Jonathan Reiner appeared on CNN following an interview Eric Trump had with conservative political activist Candice Owens for The Daily Wire and shot down his assessment of the vaccine programme. In the interview, Mr Trump was angry that the Democrats promoted "my body my choice" whereas people who refused the vaccine were shot down and chastised by the wider public. Dr Reiner attacked the comments, stating medical advancements have allowed people to live much longer in the US and that even Donald Trump has been fully vaccinated. Mr Trump's interview was shared on CNN where he said he was "pissed" because of the vaccine mandate in the US. He told The Daily Wire: "Not because I'm an anti-vaxxer, I'm pissed off because you have a political party out there, the Democrats, who have gone around for years and years and years, yelling my body, my choice as it pertained to abortion. "Right, and then all of a sudden, guess what? Your body your choice to meet the vaccine actually represents something that's much greater than a medical shot. "To me, the vaccine represents literally the stripping of freedoms in this country." Dr Reiner shot down the comment and told CNN: "Sometimes it's better to keep your mouth shut than expose your ignorance, the stripping of freedom, right? "Mr Trump's father does not just take credit for the vaccine basically he takes credit for almost inventing this vaccine. "Look, if you look at the 1900s, people who were born in the 1900s had about a 48-year life expectancy in this country. "Now it's almost 80 years and that's been brought about by massive advances in the treatment of infectious diseases and vaccinations.  "A child born in the 1900s had about a one in four chance of dying before they turn five. Now that's 0.7 percent and that's been brought about by vaccines. "So what Mr Trump basically is advocating is a return to medieval times, make a make America medieval again. "It's really unbecoming and nonsensical, Americans live to almost 80 years old because we embrace science." Donald Trump was booed by audiences back in December after he discussed his vaccination status with broadcaster Bill O'Reilly. Speaking on No Spin News which was hosted in Dallas, Texas, Mr O'Reilly said: "Both the President and I are vaxxed, did you get the booster?" Mr Trump bluntly replied "Yes" before the audience reacted with a mix of cheers and boos. DON'T MISS Mark Dolan tears into Justin Trudeau over Canada protests [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry scolded for starting new legal battle [LIVE]Biden admin’s virtual embassy slammed over insensitive Harris quote [ANALYIS]  Mr O'Reilly tried to calm down the audience but the former President took charge and said: "Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, [it's coming from a] very tiny group over there." Later on, a clip was shared on the No Spin News Twitter page which sees Mr Trump discuss the vaccination programme in depth where he urged the American public to be proud of the lives they have saved. He continued: "Look, we did something that was historic, we saved tens of millions of lives worldwide. We, together, all of us, not me... "Take credit for it. Take credit for it. It's great. What we've done is historic. Don't let them take it away. Don't take it away from yourselves. "You are playing right into their hands when you're sort of like 'Oh the vaccine'. "If you don't want to take it, you shouldn't be forced to take it. No mandates. But take credit, because we saved tens of millions of lives. Take credit. Don't let them take that away from you." 