Karren Brady, 52, has applauded Footballers’ Wives star Laila Rouass, 50, for her “healthy” handling of the end of her 10-year relationship with snooker player Ronnie O’Sullivan, 46. The actress announced their split last week on social media, explaining they had “parted ways” after 10 years of “love and memories”. The Apprentice star Karren couldn’t help but compare Laila and Ronnie’s split to the far more tumultuous separation of film stars Alice Evans and Ioan Gruffudd. Alice announced Ioan had left her in January last year after 13 years of marriage. The couple, who share two daughters, Ella, 12, and Elsie, eight, have been embroiled in a very messy separation, which has most recently culminated in Ioan filing for a restraining order against his estranged wife. Discussing both break-ups, Karren wrote in her column for The Sun: “It’s always sad, often devastating, when relationships end. READ MORE:‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death “But without wishing to sound too judgy, it’s hard not to compare how actresses Laila Rouass and Alice Evans are handling their break-ups.” Karren then quoted Laila’s recent Instagram post in which she said break-ups “don’t have to be sad”. The Holby City actress told her 32,000 followers: “The thing about break ups… It doesn’t have to be a sad time. It doesn’t have to be hard. “It can be the beginning of new adventures, new learnings. It can be a wonderful teacher. “Using self-compassion and manifesting a new life without someone you love can still lead you to a place of joy." Karren commended Laila’s candid post and praised her optimistic attitude. The Apprentice star wrote: “That sounds healthy. When one door closes, another opens.” The businesswoman then took aim at 102 Dalmatians star Alice. DON'T MISS'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move away from BBC[LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice'[INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm[NEWS] Karren continued: “Maybe Alice needs to take note. Clearly, her break with actor Ioan Gruffudd is painful. They were married for 14 years and have two kids. “But sending him 113 pages of abusive text messages and laying into his new actress girlfriend Bianca Wallace will just make things a whole lot worse... “Let’s just hope the threat of a restraining order will make her see that doing so will harm her much more than him.” Karren has been married to her husband Paul Peschisolido since 1995. She met the Canadian footballer when he joined Birmingham City in 1992 and she became the club’s managing director. They share two children, Sophia, 24, and Paolo, 21. Karren and Paul have kept their relationship largely private, but she recently admitted her “nightmare” menopause had taken its toll on Paul. She told MailOnline last month: “I started the menopause after we had finished filming, so I didn't have any effects, and then it started. “So other than the hot flushes and forgetting the occasional thing, I'm ok at the minute, but I suspect it's going to get a hell of a lot worse, before it gets any better. “My husband will tell you I've been a nightmare, but I think I'm fine.”