Barclays has warned that billions of pounds are lost each year by Britons who fall victim to scams and fraud. Unfortunately, these can sometimes be difficult to spot, and so it is vital to remain vigilant. In the Little Book of Big Scams, the Metropolitan Police and Barclays shared the tragic story of a pensioner targeted by a dangerous scam. The 75-year-old victim was contacted via telephone by a company offering investment in fine wine. The individuals was led to believe the wine was available at below market value, and was lured in by a legitimate looking website and glossy brochure. The company in question was also listed with Companies House, seemingly adding more validity to the offer. READ MORE: Pensioner, 77, furious as state pension frozen due to location In total, the person decided to invest £12,000 and his purchase also came with paperwork. He was told the wine would be held in bonded storage for “tax purposes”, and never got to see what he had invested in. But upon trying to sell the wine via the investment company, he was advised to maintain his investment for increased returns. Suspicious, the pensioner contacted the bonded warehouse to find out more information. DON'T MISSTV licence discount: Every eligible group who could save up to £159 [INSIGHT]Cold Weather Payment postcode checker: Find out if you can get £25 [ANALYSIS]State pension: Could you be denied the full sum? [EXPLAINED] It was at this point he found no wine had existed, and he had fallen victim to a scam. Fortunately, the police were able to arrest and charge those who had been involved in duping the pensioner and many others. But the impacts of the scam were understandably devastating for those who became involved, with Barclays warning this is “not a victimless crime”. As such, Britons have been warned to protect themselves, their identity, and their hard-earned cash. They should only give out details when absolutely necessary, and when they trust the person they are speaking to. In addition, money should never be sent to someone the individual does not know. In general, people should always be suspicious and remember that if an offer sounds too good to be true, then it probably is. But with scams getting more sophisticated, Britons should not be ashamed if they fall victim. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Instead, they should attempt to act fast in order to secure their assets and details. Fraud can be reported directly to Action Fraud, the national fraud and cybercrime reporting service. In addition, individuals can contact their bank - Barclays or otherwise - to tell them about the matter. The bank may be able to put a stop on the card to avoid cash being lost.