Everton are ‘absolutely incandescent’ over three refereeing decisions that have gone against in matches officiated by referee Chris Kavanagh, according to reports. Frank Lampard was particularly fuming about his side being denied a penalty in their 1-0 defeat by Manchester City on Saturday.   City midfielder Rodri appeared to handle the ball in the penalty area midway through the second half of the Premier League clash. Referee Paul Tierney did not award a penalty and VAR Kavanagh did not instruct the on-field official to review the footage. Lampard fumed in his post-match interviews while assistant Ashley Cole was shown a yellow card for his protestations. Everton have now written to the Premier League to demand, at the very least, an apology to Lampard and his players.   JUST IN: Chelsea boss Tuchel given sack warning as Lampard comparison made And the Goodison Park outfit have had two other contestable decisions made against them by Kavanagh, according to Sky Sports. The first was when Kavanagh – then the on-field official – awarded Everton a penalty against Tottenham in November. He then overturned his original decision after reviewing the pitch-side monitor. Kavanagh also ruled out a late winner against Manchester United in March 2020. Everton boss Lampard raged about Kavanagh’s decision not to instruct Tierney to review Rodri’s alleged handball.   "There is no doubt, there is no probably to it. The decision is incredible – incredible – and that loses us the opportunity to get what we deserved,” Lampard said. "That's a VAR call. That's Chris Kavanagh, I spoke to the referee and they know it is a penalty, the question is that is it offside and it wasn't. "That's the reason we have VAR. It wouldn't have needed more than five seconds to know it was a penalty. He [Kavanagh] should have either told the referee to give it or told him to go look at it. "We've lost a point because of a professional who cannot do his job right. You start searching for whys and I can't think why. It is so incompetent to get it wrong. "Pep [Guardiola] will know, Everton fans will know, Man City fans will know, it was the clearest penalty you could give: arm is out - great, below the sleeve - great, I was waiting for the penalty.   DON'T MISS...Leeds announce Marsch as Bielsa replacement with long-term contractChelsea crisis as Abramovich faces rethink with 'two trustees' concernTottenham icon risks angering fans with stance on proposed Kane move "Incompetence at best, at worst who knows? I'll wait for the statement or apology they do when things are wrong but it will mean nothing." Lampard has endured a mixed start at Everton since his appointment in January. Defeat against City was his third since replacing Rafa Benitez. Everton have beaten Brentford and Leeds in the FA Cup and Premier League, respectively, under the 43-year-old.   