Emma Raducanu has been warned to stay focused after her rollercoaster few months continued at the Guadalajara Open. The teenager shot to superstardom last September when she became the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam event, beating Leylah Fernandez to claim the US Open at Flushing Meadows. The stunning win capped a remarkable year for Raducanu, which also saw her reach the second week of Wimbledon and having begun last year outside the world's top 300, by the start of 2022 she found herself inside the top 20. She was also named BBC Sports Personality of the Year, and was nominated for the prestigious Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year. However, she has struggled to replicate her searing form in New York, which saw take the tournament without even dropping a set. She did reach the second round of the Australian Open after beating another Grand Slam winner in Sloane Stephens, before battling deep blisters on her hand in her defeat to Montenegro's Danka Kovinic. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal addresses Roger Federer record after beating Cam Norrie in Mexican Open final And her latest setback came at the Guadalajara Open in Mexico this week, when her marathon match with Daria Seville was curtailed by a hip injury to the British star, with the score at 5-7 7-6 4-3. The British No 1 has now had to withdraw from the Monterrey Open which starts on February 28. Now, former professional player Barry Cowan has said that Raducanu's age, and inexperience, should be factored in to prevent too much being made of her setbacks, but also warned the 19-year-old that fortunes can change rapidly. "We all have to make sure that we’re not knee-jerking our reactions just because Emma loses a match, there’s so much tennis ahead of her,” he told Sky Sports. DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal makes 'impossible' comment after Cameron Norrie victory in MexicoNovak Djokovic to end Daniil Medvedev's reign already after Rafa Nadal lends helping handRafael Nadal throws down Novak Djokovic warning despite 'no solution' admission   “But I will always say, and I’m not just putting Emma Raducanu in that but across the sport, if you take your eye off the ball whoever you are then things can go wrong very quickly." After her US Open win, Raducanu surprisingly opted to part company with coach Andrew Richardson, citing the need to have a mentor with WTA Tour experience. After much experimentation, she eventually settled for German Torben Beltz, and Cowan also suggested now was the time for some stability in her career. “That’s why I say you’ve got to be consistent in what you’re doing and have a consistent team around you and then when you have that and then you combine that with the talent and the mentality that she has you’re going to win tennis matches," he continued.  "And if you’re going to win tennis matches, you’re going to win titles.” Raducanu now faces a race against time to be fit for the 2022 BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells this month. The tournament is due to start on Monday, March 7.