State pension payments provide a vital form of support in retirement. For this reason, Britons will be pleased to note the payments will increase in April. Pensioners had hoped for an eight percent rise due to warped earnings data as a result of the pandemic. However, the earnings element of the triple lock policy was temporarily scrapped due to perceived unfairness for younger taxpayers. As a result, payments will rise in line with the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) by 3.1 percent. The temporary double lock policy meant the state pension for the upcoming tax year was based on the greater of annual inflation or 2.5 percent. READ MORE: Britons could get their pension contributions topped up The inflationary figure was taken from September 2021. But what does the increase mean for state pensioners in terms of money in their pockets? It all depends on the type of state pension a person is receiving. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) oversees the pension scheme - of which there are two main types. DON'T MISSState pension warning as non-working Britons may lose out [INSIGHT]State pension age changes may affect free bus pass & prescriptions [UPDATE]Britons to receive ‘modest’ income as triple lock suspended [LATEST] Firstly, the basic state pension is available to men born before April 6, 1951 and women born before April 6, 1953. People in receipt of this sum will see the full amount rise from £137.60 to £141.85 per week. Individuals who reached state pension age after April 6, 2016 will need to claim the new state pension. The new state pension is available to men born on or after April 6, 1951 or women born on or after April 6, 1953. These individuals can also expect an increase to their payments come April. The full new state pension will increase from £179.60 to £185.15 in the coming year. Of course, people will receive differing amounts depending on the National Insurance contributions they have made throughout their lifetime. The new state pension is usually issued to eligible Britons once every four weeks. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Individuals can expect their sum to be paid into an account of their choice. They should be aware they are paid in arrears, which means the payment covers the last four weeks rather than the coming four weeks. If a person is in receipt of their state pension but wants to find out more, they can take action. Britons can call the Pension Service for further information and guidance.