The West now has to lean in hard, as all other reasonable options have been tried. Kyiv got the memo and is calling up all reservists from 18-60 years of age this weekend. Our Queen, former WW2 Auxiliary Captain Windsor, has seen this before and knows what it is to be weighed and measured as we will be now.  The platinum jubilee should perhaps best be defined by our seeking to honour the values by which she has lived, as well as with Coronation chicken. We may wonder with what future servitude Putin has saddled his people in his side-hustle with China, but that is not our concern.  For us, we face a new axis of evil, much worse than the last one of bankrupt terror states.  There are today 21 fully democratic countries (of 193 UN member nations), reports the ´Economist´, two fewer than last year.  The next decade is beginning to feel a bit existential for us. The UK government´s first round sanctions are piteous in this context and need to saddle up for real.  The EU has caught up with our post Salisbury measures, but that is so last week. There are more Russian billionaires in London than in Moscow.  We need to be very clear that anyone trading with Russia must cease and desist.  We might also investigate those who profiteered illegally in the last Gulf war still on our soil, as housekeeping too. The Tory party must clean its stables of some of its donors all round, and with a new Party Treasurer keen to make his mark, it has a new broom at hand.  He now knows where to start. A trade war puts some companies like BP in a fix, which explains too much perhaps our sanctions policy to date.  Given its record profits, we may ask what on earth they are doing as 20 per cent. investors in Rosneft, after the shenanigans of so many prior years. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea We can take a more relaxed view of RTV, whom some wish banned from the airwaves.  We may trust that the comedic flowers of Scotland like Frankie Boyle and Kevin Bridges can see off the bid for our nation´s laughter from George Galloway and Alex Salmond.  Freedom of speech is who we are.  We can win the moral argument with our free press, and keep the BBC's finest in Kyiv and Moscow as they are, earning every penny of the licence fee. We may expect three things in the next weeks: There is no peace offering which Putin will see as other than a victory, as his client-debtor former President Trump has noted in his bizarre tribute last week. The EU Eastern states need to be fully reinforced as quickly and sensibly as possible, not least for immigration control from the human deluge to come.  1,000 troops here or there in the Baltics is tokenism.   Sweden and Finland can usefully signal what they will do outside NATO.  They fight well in snow.  The Finns stopped Stalin dead on their own in 1939.  Germany has shown gumption in suspending Nord Stream 2, and urgently needs a policy which is not dependent on Russia.  The West is going to have to back that rich country with energy flows from new third parties.  The North Sea wells are easily open again for business at $100 a barrel. We must lead a pretty open tap lend-lease programme on defensive weapons and secure supply routes to those who will use them for post invasion.  The UK´s £2.25bn Ukraine export credit programme has been largely spent on obsolete and irrelevant Royal Navy ships to part fund our new carriers.  This will not be a sea war.  The Crimea is gone.  Our neighbour´s house is on fire, and we should send what they need, not what we have spare in the garage. The international aid agencies are preparing for massive migration to the Eastern EU and the disaster in-country to follow.  Some kind of dialogue will be needed through them with Russia and their agencies. For all that, we have been given a clear choice.  We will be fighting nearer home if not here.  How much of Europe that Russia formerly occupied does Putin think he can contest?  We don´t want to find out, so must stand at our best now.  We know the playbook in our bones, better than anyone, and what we have to do.  And this time we will not be alone. Simon Brocklebank-Fowler is a business intelligence analyst and adviser to Western governments and global corporates