The GB News presenter slammed the Russian President as “Hitler lite” for the invasion that started in the early hours of this morning. Mr Wootton said that diplomatic efforts by French President Emmanuel Macron had failed to curb Russia’s actions and who he branded as the “Neville Chamberlain” of 2022.  He said: “At 5.55 Moscow time this morning with missiles raining down on Ukraine the tyrannical Russian President Vladimir Putin issued a chilling and deranged warning to the world of nuclear warfare despite 16 days ago telling Emmanuel Macron that de-escalation in Ukraine was assured. “Well Macron got it wrong, he is the Neville Chamberlain of 2022, and the history books will judge him harshly.” Mr Wootton continued by arguing that Mr Putin was trying to “rebuild” the Soviet Union and that tougher sanctions were needed. He said: “Putin is certainly seeking a bloody legacy here and he has an innate desire here to start rebuilding the Soviet Union.   “He knows the West is desperate to avoid World War III and will do anything to stop putting boots on the ground. “But the West cannot allow this Hitler-lite Putin to win, and the sanctions unveiled by the UK, EU and US tonight. “Must only be the beginning of the pain we will bring to Putin’s despotic regime.” Mr Wootton admitted however that the West had made many mistakes over the years when dealing with the Russian President. READ MORE: ‘Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia - warns of MILITARY action  He said: “Allowing Europe to become reliant on Moscow for energy, turning a blind eye to illegal outrages in Crimea. “Closer at home in Salisbury and underestimating his totalitarian tendencies. “But Putin has a deranged obsession, he is a dangerous cold blooded liar. “Nothing was going to stop him certainly not a meeting with the French President with small man syndrome.” DON'T MISS:  Diane Abbott must be booted out! Boris demands Starmer take action [REVEAL]‘We will feel this!’ Kuenssberg lists UK impact of Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT]  Brexit LIVE: ‘Nonsense!’ Peston savaged for ‘blaming Brexit’ [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Wootton’s comments come as one former senior US intelligence officer warned Kiev could fall to the Russian’s in just a few days. The source told NEwsweek: “After the air and artillery end and the ground war really starts, I think Kiev falls in just a few days. The military may last slightly longer but this isn't going to last long.” 