Phil Mickelson has announced he is taking a break from golf after a lengthy apology over "reckless" comments about the planned 'super league' backed by Saudi Arabian cash. Mickelson said he "sincerely regrets" some of the words he has used when discussing the subject, but claimed that the Saudi organisers are "visionaries" who "passionately love golf and share my drive to make the game better". In the statement, the six-time major champion said: "Although it doesn't look this way now given my recent comments, my actions throughout this process have always been with the best interest of golf, my peers, sponsors, and fans. "There is the problem of off-record comments being shared out of context and without my consent, but the bigger issue is that I used words I sincerely regret that do not reflect my true feelings or intentions. "Golf desperately needs change, and real change is always preceded by disruption. I have always known that criticism would come with exploring anything new. I still chose to put myself at the forefront of this to inspire change, taking the hits publicly to do the work behind the scenes." Those "offending" comments he was referring to included those which slammed the PGA Tour for its "obnoxious greed". JUST IN: Mickelson legacy in tatters as DeChambeau and Johnson snub Saudi League  The Saudi-backed Golf Super League has been mooted for many months now, with many desribing it as a direct threat to the PGA Tour and the sport as we know it. Many players have come out against it, including Rory McIlroy who has been particularly in his opposition to such a scheme, while superstar Bryson DeChambeau ruled himself out of joining the breakaway product despite a reported £100m offer. The likes of Tiger Woods, world number one Jon Rahm and Ryder Cup stars Collin Morikawa, Justin Thomas and Brooks Koepka have also rubbished the idea of the super league. But Mickelson has firmly pitched his tent on the other side of the argument, becoming one of the Saudi-backed plan's most vocal advocates in recent weeks. His "obnoxious greed" comments caused many to criticise and label him a hypocrite – after all, Mickelson has earned a reported £70m in prize money from the PGA Tour. DON'T MISS:Collin Morikawa snubs Saudi Golf League to pursue Tiger Woods goalTiger Woods' huge muscle transformation hints at comeback realityBryson DeChambeau makes decision on £100m offer from Saudi Golf League In his apology statement, Mickelson said: "I have made a lot of mistakes in my life and many have been shared with the public. My intent was never to hurt anyone and I'm so sorry to the people I have negatively impacted. "This has always been about supporting the players and the game and I appreciate all the people who have given me the benefit of the doubt." Mickelson used part of the statement, though, to drive home his belief that the Golf Super League would be a positive thing for the sport. "The specific people I have worked with are visionaries and have only been supportive," he added. "More importantly they passionately love golf and share my drive to make the game better. "They have a clear plan to create an updated and positive experience for everyone including players, sponsors, networks and fans." Rounding off the statement, he announced that he would be taking a break from golf for an unspecified length of time. "Despite my belief that some changes have already been made within the overall discourse, I know I need to be accountable," he wrote. "For the past 31 years I have lived a very public life and I have strived to live up to my own expectations, be the role model the fans deserve and be someone that inspires others. "I've worked to compete at the highest level, be available to media, represent my sponsors with integrity, engage with volunteers and sign every autograph for my incredible fans. "I have experienced many successful and rewarding moments that I will always cherish, but I have often failed myself and others too. "The past 10 years I have felt the pressure and stress slowly affecting me at a deeper level. "I know I have not been my best and desperately need some time away to prioritise the ones I love most and work on being the man I want to be."