Arsenal legend Lee Dixon has been left a little red-faced following comments he made about Gunners defender Gabriel. Dixon was full of praise for Gabriel before kick-off in Thursday's Premier League match between Arsenal and Wolves at the Emirates. But within minutes the Brazilian had committed an horrendous mistake. Gabriel has been a regular at the back for Arsenal this season. He has formed a good partnership alongside £50million signing Ben White. Only two teams had kept more clean sheets than Arsenal this season heading into Thursday's match. Dixon described White and Gabriel as "formidable" just minutes before the match started.  He said on Amazon Prime: "It’s important for any team to have a solid spine, I think two centre-backs is the base of that spine and certainly with White, I think he has come in and hit the ground running. "He struggled slightly at the start of the season with Covid but since he has been back in the side he has started to build that partnership with Gabriel and it looks formidable. "They have two full-backs either side of them that they can link into. "We saw when he was at Leeds he liked to come out with the ball and it allows Arsenal to stretch teams. DON'T MISSTottenham's position on Antonio Conte future explained with four players behind anger [REPORT]Cristiano Ronaldo's reaction to Anthony Elanga's Man Utd goal is brilliant to watch [PICTURES]Why Diego Simeone didn’t shake Ralf Rangnick’s hand after Atletico and Man Utd draw [NEWS]  "They are showing form now where you are starting to forget about them, and when you start forgetting about centre-backs, that means that they are starting to play well." However, Arsenal fans could not forget about Gabriel like Dixon said after just 10 minutes against Wolves. The former Lille man attempted to pass back to goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale but Wolves forward Hwang Hee-chan cut it out, rounded Ramsdale and slotted into the open goal to give the visitors the lead. Dixon was also asked before the match if the pairing of Gabriel and White can be compared to the Gunners' Invincibles defence. The former right-back said it was too early for that but admitted it was heading in the right direction. Dixon said: "I’m not so sure, they obviously have a long way to go, but we’re starting to talk about White and Gabriel in that partnership because the centre-back position is important and all about partnerships. "I was lucky to play enough with two or three of the best in Martin Keown, [Steve] Bould and [Tony] Adams so I think that protection that they get from Partey and Xhaka is really valuable. "We had [Emmanuel] Petit and [Patrick] Vieira in front of our back four, but again it is all about partnerships." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 