The RSPCA has launched a special appeal for seven-year-old Fred and eight-year-old Louis, who are described as "brothers from another mother". The bonded pair, both crossbreeds, arrived at the charity's Cornwall branch in December as their previous owner could no longer look after them. Best friends Fred and Louis had not been out of the house for a walk for years when they came into the RSPCA's care. The charity is looking for a home where they can stay together to boost each other's confidence. Venton Animal Centre manager Helen Jones said: “Due to their owner’s illness, Fred and Louis had not been out of the house for a walk for years and only had access to their garden. "Sadly, this has left them very worried about almost everything in the outside world. “They may not be brothers biologically and we call them ‘brothers from another mother’ but they’re absolutely inseparable. "They find a lot of things in this world very scary but as long as they’re touching each other, they’re happy. "They’re always side-by-side and we want to ensure they can stay together forever.” The charity is looking for a patient home for the nervous pair, who have been working with the centre’s behaviourist. READ MORE: Horror as helpless dog thrown from truck at 50mph on rural road Ms Jones added: “Fred and Louis have led a very sheltered life and look to each other for confidence and reassurance when they’re worried so it’s really important that they stay together “They’re a funny pair who have their own quirks but they’re incredibly loving. "Fred, in particular, barks when he is worried and Louis will follow along behind. DON'T MISSPuppies found ‘starving’ and ‘squealing’ after rescue from breederTerrible conditions found at 'puppy farm' on caravan siteAnimal abusers to face £5,000 fines under strict new welfare law "However, we have been doing lots of training with them and are gradually introducing them to new experiences. Fred and Louis may be able to live with older children but no other dogs. They have never learned to play so their new owner would ideally teach them commands and tricks. Ms Jones said: “Fred and Louis are a quirky but sweet pair. “We know that there is someone out there who will be right for them and, in return, they’ll get two wonderful, funny, loving boys. “If they can love anyone as much as they love each other, then that person will be very, very lucky!” Find out more about Fred and Louis here. 