Applications for exemptions ahead of Oxford’s Zero Emissions Zone (ZEZ) are now open to those who live inside the charging zone. However, the Council has previously warned drivers must give at least 10 days to allow the application to be processed. This means drivers who are yet to apply may not be able to use the exemption when fees launch from February 28. This is likely to mean drivers of petrol and diesel cars face £10 per day fees just to leave their driveway. The Council said: “Apply at least 10 working days before you intend to use your discount in the zone to ensure it can be processed before you need to use it.” Residents are entitled to a 90 percent discount on the new ZEZ charges. READ MORE: New car tax changes set to launch in Oxford Locals are allowed to register two cars per address to receive the saving but must prove proof of ownership. Proof of address must be given clearly showing your name and address. Motorists must also include an official document such as a utility bill, Council Tax, tenancy agreement or a play slip. DON'T MISSNine roads to face car tax changes in weeks [INSIGHT]UK city to launch new car tax fee ‘voluntarily’ [COMMENT]Car tax changes could force families ‘off the road’  [ANALYSIS] An official letter from organisations such as HMRC, NHS, benefits agency or the local council may also be used if this was dated within the past three months. Motorists applying for the exemption must also give proof of ownership which clearly shows their name, address and vehicle registration. This could either be a V5C registration document, a sales invoice or a long-term lease agreement. Oxford City Council says the quickest way to provide this information is to upload it when making your application. If you are unable to upload the documents, applicants are urged to go to a local library to use their services. Councillor Tom Hayes, Deputy Leader and Cabinet member for Green Transport and Zero Carbon Oxford previously encouraged drivers to apply for exemptions as soon as possible. He said: “The launch of the system to apply for discounts and exemptions is the next step in our journey to launching the Oxford Zero Emission Zone pilot. “The Zero Emission Zone will help us to clean up our air and is key to reducing toxic air pollution in Oxford. “As part of the pilot, we have introduced measures to support business and residents directly within the zone, as well as blue badge holders, and other drivers to transition to electric. “If you are eligible for a discount or exemption then I encourage you to apply.” Express.co.uk has contacted Oxford City Council for comment.