Whether you’re in a committed relationship, dating someone or single, you don’t know for certain what lies ahead. Palm reading can provide insight about what’s meant to happen for you, your habits and tendencies in love, your emotional style, and potentially what sort of relationship is coming your way. Express.co.uk chatted to palm reader, astrologer and numerologist Johanna (ministryofnumerology.com) to find out the five signs of wealth and success on your palm. Palm reading is complex, but you can do a quick reading on yourself if you can identify the main lines. To find out about your love life, you only need to locate the heart or love line and the life line. When it comes to palm reading and love, there are a few things that you can look out for in order to get a better idea of what to expect in the romantic sector of your life. No clue what to look for? Palm reader Johanna has revealed the four key things to look for to learn about your love life from your palm. READ MORE- Aldi’s sell-out log burner with over 800 five star reviews is back One of the most important things to note is the shape of your palm - is it wide or narrow? If your palm is wide, this is seen as a sign of good luck in love. Johanna said: “When we say wide palms, we are referring to the width of your palm when you measure it from the side. “Wide palms mean that you are likely to have many successful relationships in your life, and you will probably be quite popular with the opposite sex.” On the other hand (no pun intended), if your palm is narrow, this is seen as a sign of bad luck in love. Don’t worry, Johanna stressed that this doesn't mean that you will never find love. However, she said: “It does mean that you are more likely to have breakups and less successful relationships. “There's no need to panic if your palm is on the narrower side – it doesn't mean that love is not for you! “It simply means that you need to put a bit more work into your relationships.” DON'T MISS...Queen is on road to recovery as she holds weekly audience with Boris [INFORMER]Heart disease diet: Five food to slash your risk [INSIGHT]How long should you spend in the shower? Duration most optimal [EXPLAINER] The heart line, also known as the love line, is another important factor to consider when reading your palm for love. You can find the heart line on top of your palm, starting from the edge of your hand closest to your thumb, and running across your palm. Johanna said: “If you have a deep heart line, this is seen as a good sign and it means that you will be lucky in love. “You are likely to have a long and happy relationship, and you will be very loved-up with your partner.” Don’t just look at your love line, the life line is another important factor to consider when reading your palm for love. Your life line is one of five main lines and it extends around the base of the thumb.If you have a strong life line, this is seen as a good sign and it means that you will have a lot of luck in love. The palm reader added: “You are likely to have many happy and healthy relationships in your life, and you will be very resilient when it comes to love.”