Bruno Fernandes lauded his captain Harry Maguire for finally scoring from a corner against bitter rivals Leeds United on Sunday - before mocking the England star for having a 'big head', saying he started slapping his Manchester United team-mate's head after bagging the opener while joking affectionately about the size of his head. United went into the tie against Leeds under immense pressure having won just one of their previous four games, one of which included a penalty loss against Championship outfit Middlesbrough in the FA Cup. With the fixture having not been played in front of an Elland Road crowd in the Premier League for 19 years, it was a hostile atmosphere for United. Challenges flew in from the first minute, and Leeds defender Robin Koch had to go off after 30 minutes following a gruesome head injury sustained after a tackle with Scott McTominay. But in a game of few chances, captain Maguire stood up to the task to nod home his first Premier League goal of the season from a Luke Shaw corner. And ahead of United's clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday, Fernandes claimed the dressing room atmosphere at the moment is exemplary in contrast to reports claiming there is a toxic atmosphere at Carrington. And the Portugal star used Maguire as an example, telling the press he saw how happy the England captain was after his strike - and duly mocked his 'big head' as a result. "I don't know. I don't know what people mean to that," Fernandes said on the dressing room atmosphere at Old Trafford. "I was doing an interview now and they asked me about Jadon Sancho doing my celebration. I don't think that's something that's going in different ways. "I saw the goal of H[Maguire] and I see Paul running behind him, sliding on his knees, happy for him. "I was slapping his head, saying finally you've scored a goal with that big head. "I think honestly, it's just people trying to complain. We know when someone talks about this club, they go around the world with their voice and that's something they want. For us, it means nothing." United travel to Madrid on Wednesday in a bid to advance to the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time since 2019. The Red Devils finished first in a group that contained Atalanta, Villarreal and Young Boys earlier this season. Much of their success can be afforded to Cristiano Ronaldo, who scored late winners at Old Trafford against Atalanta and Villarreal, alongside the opener in Spain and a last-gasp equaliser away in Italy. And with a superb goal record against Diego Simeone's men in his time at their bitter rivals Real Madrid, Ralf Rangnick may be counting on him to do the business once more. The Portugal legend has scored 25 goals in 35 outings against the Colchorones, including two Champions League final goals for Los Blancos against their arch-enemy in 2014 and 2016. However, United have not beaten Atletico in their only two outings, losing 4-1 on aggregate in the 1991 European Cup Winners' Cup.