With Russia having launched a full-scale invasion into the country, the UN Security Council have convened declaring Vladimir Putin has started a war. Troops have been seen to enter Ukraine from Russia, and explosions have been heard across the country.  Russia has denied their aircraft has been shot down by Ukrainian defences.Disputing the news, Moscow has stated it has in fact disabled Ukraine’s airbases. Russia's defence ministry said it has taken out military infrastructure at Ukrainian airbases and degraded Ukraine's air defences, Russian news agencies reported. Officials also claimed on Thursday morning Ukrainian border guards are not resisting advancing Russian troops, who have moved in after Mr Putin signed an order to begin a "special operation" in the Donbass. In an earlier statement, Moscow reported it was carrying out strikes at elements of Ukraine’s military infrastructure.  Russia launched the offensive against Ukraine on Thursday morning on the orders of Mr Putin, who said the goal of the operation was to demilitarize and “de-Nazify” Ukraine. The Russian leader claimed military action was necessary to stop Ukrainian attacks on the two breakaway regions of Donetsk and Lugansk, which Moscow recognized as sovereign states on Monday. He claimed Russia could come under attack by Ukrainian radicals, unless their influence in the country is diminished, and accused Western nations of arming Kiev against Russia.  READ MORE:BBC's Laura Kuenssberg pinpoints FIVE-point plan to defeat Putin In the Eastern region of Donetsk, a spokesman for the region's militia has stated fighting has intensified over the last few hours. Eduard Basurin said: “The armed forces of the Donetsk People's Republic are attacking the positions of the Ukrainian army along the entire line of contact, using every means of destruction available to them.” Unconfirmed reports suggest separatist forces have shot down a Ukrainian military jet as the fighting becomes fiercer. Ukraine has declared a month-long state of emergency as air raid sirens wail across Kiev, people flee the city, and others seek shelter in basements and metro stations.  DON'T MISS:Diplomacy off as Macron's peace CANCELLED [REPORT]Engineer fired for having sex with his boss's wife at work loses case [REVEAL]Macron exposes his weakness on the world stage [REVEAL] The US has condemned the move by Mr Putin. Speaking at the UN Security Council, US Ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield said: “At the exact time as we are gathered in the council seeking peace, Putin delivered a message of war in total disdain for the responsibility of this Council. “This is a grave emergency," Ursula von der Leyen speaking at the European Union said she has now stopped Russian access to banking, as well as a host of other sanctions on Moscow designed to stop the financing of military activity. Ms von der Leyen has called on President Putin to stop the action, and claim Russians do not want war. She ended by saying the EU will stand by Ukraine and support them.  Adding to the speech, EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell called the situation “a great violation of international law and human existence, with unknown consequences ahead of us.” He added, “The EU will impose the harshest sanctions on Russia ever seen.” Mr Borrell ended by saying: “This is a matter of life and death, we stand united that no violence and destruction is acceptable to further political gains.” 