ABC viewers have rushed to Twitter in outrage following reports Richard Flood will be departing his role as Cormac Hayes after three seasons, despite his ongoing romantic storyline with Meredith Grey (played by Ellen Pompeo). Shortly after Grey’s Anatomy season 18 continued on Monday, fans will tune in next week to witness yet another long-running cast member say their goodbyes. Paediatric surgeon Cormac is tipped to appear in just one more episode of Grey’s Anatomy after handing in his notice this week. Following some unexpected developments in the midseason premiere, No Time To Die, Cormac shocked fans with his decision to return to Ireland. He will thankfully return for one last farewell next week, but his potential role as a love interest for hospital chief Meredith has officially been axed. A number of fans took to Twitter to express their disappointment after tuning in live on Thursday night. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? Grey’s enthusiast Cat said: “So Link and Jo, Cormac leaving, and Owen is alive… this show just keeps on getting worse. Why is it getting a season 19? For f**k’s sake.” And @gaysanatomypod tweeted: “Cormac being written out after two seasons of falling for Meredith only to have their brief whatever play out off-screen between seasons is really proof that #GreysAnatomy needs a fresh creative team. What a waste of a character.” Viewers have become steadily disappointed with the series as several long-running members of the cast have bowed out in the past few years. In the latest episode, Cormac’s decision to leave was prompted by Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd) sticking to his plan to provide dying soldiers with drugs in doctor-assisted deaths. After Owen survived a death-defying, Cormac was left with the impossible choice of whether or not to report him or lose his medical licence, and decided to hand in his resignation. Cormac’s exit could be the final straw for some fans after the likes of Jackson Avery (Jesse Williams), April Kepner (Sarah Drew) and Andrew DeLuca (Giacomo Gianniotti) made their final appearances last year. Plus, Cormac’s build-up as a new love interest for Meredith following the death of Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) has added insult to injury for the show’s most devoted fans. “Cormac Hayes do not leave Meredith Grey!” Grey’s fan Leanne exclaimed. DON'T MISS:BBC viewers outraged at Wallace’s ‘proper war’ comment [REACTION]NCIS season 19: Palmer’s daughter makes Gibbs dig [SPOILERS]Outlander’s Sam Heughan on friendship with Caitriona Balfe [INTERVIEW] And Jennifer demanded: “Meredith! Forget Nick! Chase Cormac. Amelia you are a witch and Link deserves so much better than you! Bring back Cormac, ditch Amelia” However, Nina was pleased with the news, tweeting: “Is Cormac Really leaving?? YESSSS, one less love interest for Mermer.” Some fans are clearly more concerned with Meredith forwarding her career with Grey Sloan Memorial, especially following her recent recovery from Covid. Moreover, there are still rumours of the show coming to an end despite ABC picking up a 19th season to start later this year. The Shondaland staple could very well end with its milestone 20th season, marking a whopping two decades on screens. Meredith could be introduced to one more love interest in the coming instalments, but viewers might be more satisfied if the hospital chief ends her run on the show on her own terms. News of Flood's departure was first reported by Deadline ahead of season 18's return on Thursday. Grey’s Anatomy season 18 continues Thursdays on ABC in the USA. Stream seasons 1-16 on Disney+ in the UK.