Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick wants to replace Cristiano Ronaldo with Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, according to reports in Italy. United are expected to enter the market for a new goalscorer in the summer transfer window and have identified the 23-year-old as a player of interest. A layer of uncertainty looms over United's squad ahead of the start of a new era under the next - currently unknown - permanent manager. Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford are in dire form, whilst Edinson Cavani, Anthony Martial, Jesse Lingard and Mason Greenwood face doubtful futures at Old Trafford for different reasons. Ronaldo is under contract until 2023, but Rangnick is losing patience with the confidence-shot 37-year-old, who has scored just once in his last 10 games. And the German coach has pinpointed Osimhen as an option United can pursue as they look to freshen up their ranks at the end of the season. JUST IN: Tottenham target Franck Kessie ‘not convinced’ over Arsenal move According to Italian journalist and Napoli expert Ciro Venerato, via Tutto Napoli, Rangnick wants to replace Ronaldo with Osimhen this summer. Venerato claims the Serie A outfit are willing to sell Osimhen in the next transfer window and that their resolve has already been tested. However, the Nigeria international won't come cheap, with club chairman Aurelio De Laurentiis said to value him at £84million (€100m). Napoli are braced to lose Osimhen, though, and have already enquired about Sassuolo's Gianluca Scamacca in preparation to replace him. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'has made mind up' about Cristiano Ronaldo Earlier this month, Rangnick claimed it was 'obvious' United needed a new striker ahead of the 2022/23 season. He said: "This is obvious [United need a new striker]. Edison's contract is running out in the summer, and the club needs the best possible centre forward. This is an obvious one. I think everyone is aware of that." And Fabrizio Romano reports the Red Devils will '100 per cent' sign a young striker in the summer transfer window. Osimhen's age and early experience at the top level would make him a target that fits the club's criteria. He has registered 21 goals and three assists in 36 starts since joining Napoli from Lille in 2020. And the 6ft 2 frontman has particularly caught the eye in the Europa League this season, netting four times in three starts. United will kiss their chances of signing big names like Harry Kane and Robert Lewandowski goodbye if they fail to finish in the top four this term. But Osimhen would most likely be ready to make a move regardless of the club's European status, and he seemingly has a big admirer in Rangnick. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.