In Wednesday’s Prime Minister’s Question session, Conservative MP Andy Carter asked Mr Johnson about funding for buses in Warrington. The Warrington South MP asked the PM whether funding pledged for a new fleet of electric buses in his constituency would be spent on British-made buses. Mr Carter said: “The Government’s commitment of £25million for a new electric bus fleet in Warrington will have a transformational effect on transport across Warrington.” He then asked whether the Prime Minister agreed with him that the “right way” to spend that £25m is by buying “British-made buses”. He added that awarding the contract to a British manufacturer would be "supporting highly-skilled jobs, manufacturing jobs, right across the United Kingdom.” Mr Carter’s request was met with rallying cries of support from his fellow MPs before the PM addressed him as a “great champion for Warrington.” In response, Boris Johnson praised the use of British-made buses already in use in urban areas across the country. He said: “Warrington has secured £20m, Mr Speaker, for new zero-emission buses. “And I’m delighted to say that a statistic I can barely believe, but it is in my brief, that 80 percent of buses in Britain’s urban areas are already produced domestically.” In response, Mr Carter and his fellow MPs could be seen nodding their heads in a show of support for this impressive figure. READ MORE: PMQs LIVE: MPs aghast as Starmer turns on Boris over Russia Mr Johnson then urged the council in Warrington to consider British-made buses when it comes to manufacturing their zero-emission buses. He said: “This is a fantastic thing, and I know that we will all want to see more of that and I hope that Warrington will consider excellent UK bus manufacturers when they come to their next contract.” Wednesday’s PMQs session also saw Boris Johnson facing Sir Keir Starmer as pressure over Russia sanctions grows amid the ongoing Ukraine and Russia crisis. The leader of the Labour Party was praised by Mr Johnson for his support of the sanctions on Russia. DON'T MISS Green MP erupts as Hoyle blasts her over 'Russian interference' [REVEAL] Starmer mortified at Boris' brutal dig at Labour's Communist funding [INSIGHT] Ian Blackford left fuming as Boris mocks SNP's Russia Today links [WATCH] He said: "I'm grateful for the general support offered by the Opposition. "What we want to see is de-escalation by Vladimir Putin. There is still hope he will see sense." "I think we can be proud of what we have already done and the measures we have set out. I am genuinely grateful for the tone of his last question and for the support he has given.” He added: "There is still time for President Putin to de-escalate but what is at stake - be in no doubt - is the principle of democracy across the House. "And that is why the unity of this House is so important." Labour MP Margaret Hodge also weighed in on the issue saying that ministers have given contradictory statements about sanctioning members of the Duma (the Russian parliament). She called the sanctions on Russia a muddle and a mess. In response, Mr Johnson said sanctioning parliamentarians is difficult. He added that more sanctions will be announced and they will be detrimental to the whole of Vladimir Putin's regime.