Borussia Dortmund were sent packing in the Europa League after Rangers knocked them out but Jude Bellingham was a star performer despite their loss. Liverpool have been interested in the midfielder before. If Liverpool do not have scouts watching Dortmund star Bellingham, then they are making a huge mistake after a sensational performance on Thursday night. The Bundesliga side might have been knocked out of the Europa League by Rangers, but the England international was the star of the show for them. Marco Rose’s team have been awful in Europe, on the receiving end of hidings from Ajax, Sporting Lisbon and now Rangers. And it could signal a mini-exodus with the likes of Erling Haaland and Manuel Akanji already linked with moves away this summer. But Bellingham could join that list and Liverpool should make sure they are at the front of the queue - because there will be a lot of clubs interested in his services very soon. Manchester United were desperate to snap up the midfielder when he was at Birmingham as a 16-year-old and that position would only have grown after his remarkable rise. And on the continent, there has been talk of Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and Barcelona taking a closer look after just being pipped to the 2021 Golden Boy award by Pedri. Now aged still just 18, Bellingham already looks an accomplished player both in the Bundesliga and Europe - though he may have already outgrown Dortmund. A 2-2 draw at Ibrox on Thursday night was enough to see them out of the Europa League with the damage done last week in a 4-2 defeat at the Signal Iduna Park. But in Glasgow, Dortmund’s midfield maestro still shone - scoring and also grabbing an assist while looking more composed than his teammates. The teenager is simply too good to be getting knocked out of the Europa League at the first round, he should be in the top teams competing for the Champions League. And that is where Liverpool can prise him away, currently standing as one of the favourites to win the tournament while Jurgen Klopp is desperate for a midfielder. The Reds never truly replaced Georginio Wijnaldum, who left on a free transfer last year, while the likes of Thiago Alcantara, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are all injury-prone. There are also signs that Jordan Henderson’s peak is over and a long-term replacement will have to be sought after soon. But if Liverpool are too slow, they risk missing out on one of the best players England have produced in years.