Princess Eugenie, 31, was photographed two weeks ago with her cousin Prince Harry, 37, at the Super Bowl. However, the Princess is now back in the UK and has shared a first behind-the-scenes photo from her upcoming podcast. In her monthly newsletter for her charity ‘The Anti-Slavery Collective’, the royal can be seen in a recording booth with her co-founder, Julia de Boinville and a guest.  The mum-of-one Eugenie announced the news she was launching her very own podcast series with her initiative last month. The initiative has existed since 2017, however the royal Princess has never starred in her own podcast until now. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk, analying the Princess’ body language in the still photograph. She said: “We can’t see much of Eugenie in this photo to promote her podcast and perhaps that is the point.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Harry show 'signals of laughter' with Princess Eugenie “There seems to be an emphasis on a non-regal presence here and a more even-handed status approach between the three women who sit with headphones on recording. “Eugenie looks serious and rather down-to-earth here which is a look that must suit the campaign she is discussing,” Judi noted. What was her body language saying in the photo? Judi continued: “Her body language seems to separate her from an impression of a ‘visiting royal’ and to show her in more of a hands-on, working role with her charity.  “She looks focused and confident and more accessible than normal in her life as a member of the Royal Family. “Her visit to Harry in the US might even have given her some tips about stepping out of royal tradition and into a more casual and less formal-looking approach that can still have impact.” In a joint message, Eugenie and Julia said: "We were so excited to begin recording our long-awaited podcast this year, due to be released in 2022 so stay tuned!" A release date for the show is still to be revealed but it is likely to feature guests and charities who raise awareness about the issue of modern slavery.  Eugenie and Julia set up the Anti-Slavery Collective in 2017 after they became aware of modern slavery during a trip to Kolkata, India. The charity aims to raise awareness around human trafficking through encouraging conversation, hosting leadership events and visiting grassroots organisations. The new photograph has been shared by the Princess shortly after her trip to the USA to visit her cousin Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex themselves have a podcast deal with Spotify, perhaps inspiring their cousin Eugenie to do the same.  Eugenie joined Harry among the A-list crowd at the Super Bowl on February 13, and she and her husband, Jack Brooksbank were spotted enjoying a dinner with the Sussexes in Santa Barbara. Eugenie and Jack's son, August, who turned one on February 9, is just four months older than the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's second child, Lilibet. Lili, as she is known, will celebrate her first birthday this June. August was able to celebrate his first birthday in the USA when he and his parents travelled to California. 