Weather warnings for snow, lightning and wind have been issued by the Met Office for Thursday, with forecasters holding more unsettled conditions are due to arrive. Maps and charts see the UK hit along the west by snowfall, reaching as far south as Devon. Maps from WXCharts hold that Wednesday evening sees a front of weather from the Northwest strikes from 6pm, with Scotland and Northern Ireland struck by up to 7cm of snow while north England soaks in 3mm downpours of rain. Moving into Wednesday night and conditions see a band of rain strike the midlands and Wales, while snow begins to creep into Manchester and Merseyside while lingering over Scotland. Up to 2cm an hour of snow will fall over Greater Manchester by midnight on Thursday, with the heaviest snowfall seen in the mountainous regions of Scotland with 14cm north of Inverness and 10cm over Fort William. Into Thursday morning, snowfall will begin to spread over other regions of the UK, with the northeast, Birmingham, Wales and Cornwall and Devon set for a light 1cm an hour. Rains up to 3mm an hour will feature over the southeast. Snowfall is expected to clear for much of the UK by 3pm on Thursday, with the east largely missing out, but some will remain over the west coast of Britain with Northern Ireland and Scotland seeing up to 3cm an hour. By 9pm, 24cm of snow will lay on the ground to the west of Inverness or around 9.4 inches. Elsewhere, Greater Manchester sees 3cm of snow on the ground for Thursday night, and Northern Ireland will see a range between 1cm to 3cm lay. It comes after the Met Office issued a yellow weather warning for snow and lightning over Scotland and Northern Ireland. In effect from 5pm on Wednesday to 8pm on Thursday, it said: “Temperatures across Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to drop sharply following a squally band of rain on Wednesday, with frequent heavy and blustery snow showers arriving from the Atlantic. “Away from immediate west-facing coasts, 1 to 3 cm, and in places, 3 to 7 cm of snow is likely to build up even at low levels, whereas on higher ground some places could see 10 to 20 cm building up by Thursday morning. “The showers will be accompanied by strong, blustery winds, with gusts of 45-55 mph possible, and a chance of 65 mph on coasts. Blizzard conditions are likely over higher ground. “There is a small chance that some of the showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning, which could impact power supplies, including some places outside of the warning area. “Snow showers are increasingly likely to turn back to rain and sleet at low levels later Thursday morning and early afternoon, although remaining as snow above 200-300 m.” READ MORE: Map shows areas in Britain to be decimated if Russia nukes London Tony Zartman, an Accuweather meteorologist, told Express.co.uk the remainder of the week, and the week ahead, will “remain unsettled for much of the United Kingdom”, with the potential for more storms to hit. He told the outlet: “A chillier day is in store for Thursday. A storm to the north of the UK will spread snow across the Scottish Highlands, where accumulations can be 3-6 inches with localized amounts of up to a foot over a few of the highest elevations. “There can also be some snow over Northern Ireland and the northwest highlands of England, but accumulations there will be lighter, perhaps an inch or two. Strong winds of 50-60 mph will also occur over Northern Ireland, Scotland and northern England. “These winds combined with the snow can result in blizzard conditions across the Scottish Highlands. Possible impacts across these areas include tree damage, power outages, snow-covered or icy paved surfaces that are not treated, low visibility, vehicle damage, road closures, and transportation and logistical delays.” DON'T MISS Map shows areas in Britain to be decimated if Russia nukes London “Once this storm passes, much of the U.K. will have largely dry conditions on Friday as high pressure builds to our south. Temperatures will climb a few degrees over Thursday’s temperatures as well. “The next storm will bring windy conditions this weekend, especially across northern parts of the UK once again. There can be some rain, especially across northern and western areas with snow on the hills once again. “High pressure may then bring a bit of break from the unsettled weather late Sunday into early Monday before another storm will some windier and rainier conditions later Monday into Tuesday. “Although still a week away, there are indications that high pressure may bring more settled weather for the middle and end of next week.” Jo Farrow, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website Thursday that features a cold front still over England by the morning. She said: “It could contain icy rain, even wet snow over the Downs but it edges away eastwards. Behind in the proper cold air, there will be heavy snow showers over northern England, again from the west and a mixture of rain, sleet and snow showers for Wales and SW England. “Through the day the westerly winds keep pushing the showers across Britain, so other parts of England could see passing wintry flurries by lunchtime mixed with sunny spells. “Temperatures of 5 to 8C but add on the wind. The snow showers and coastal gales keep going into Thursday evening for Scotland and wintry showers for parts of Northern Ireland and NW England including the Pennines.”