Russian troops, tanks and missiles have descended upon the Kyiv for another night on Saturday as Putin’s forces attempt to take control of the Ukrainian capital. However political commentator Simon Dolan, believes the “emboldened” Putin would not have invaded Ukraine under the Trump administration as the Russian president feared “stronger repercussions”.  Commenting on the US’ response to the crisis in Ukraine, the political commentator and author of Trump: The Hidden Halo, argued that had Trump remained in power, there would have been a “bombastic and strong-willed response” to the Russian aggression. Mr Dolan said: “This is another demonstrable example of how ineffective and weak Joe Biden has been on the global stage, with the fact Putin feels emboldened to invade a European nation highlighting his contempt for the leader of the free world. “Had the 2016 Presidential Election gone another way, I am sure we could have expected a characteristic bombastic and strong-willed response from President Trump. “However, the more salient point here is to analyse Putin’s aggression throughout Trump’s presidency.   “In 2014, Putin annexed the Crimea under Joe Biden’s Vice-Presidency, followed by a lack of aggression during Trump’s four years in office. “The facts speak loudly here, that Putin feared stronger repercussions under Donald Trump and was unwilling to act with hostility on the global stage with a strong leader in the White House. “Fundamentally, global political and economic circumstances meant that Vladimir Putin feels on a strong enough footing to invade the Ukraine.” According to the latest update by the British Ministry of Defence, Russian forces are not making the progress they had planned and are suffering from logistical challenges and strong Ukrainian resistance. READ MORE: Donald Trump NOT the ‘biggest threat’ to Democrats amid 2024 hint  In addition, the intelligence update states that Russian forces were sustaining casualties and a number of the Kremlin forces had been taken prisoner. Mr Dolan added: “Whilst I do not believe this is the responsibility of the United States but is a European issue, it is clear that the Kremlin is looking to preemptively halt Ukraine joining the EU and NATO, taking advantage of a time when one of the weakest leaders in history occupies the White House and the European Union is in economic disarray.” The comments come as Russia has been hit with “paralysing” sanctions from Western leaders. In a joint statement, world leaders from the US, Canada, EU and UK agreed to sever a number of Russian banks from the Swift payment system. DON'T MISS:Russian anti-war protests could trigger Putin’s ‘downfall’ [REVEAL]VDL lays fury upon Putin as EU vows to 'paralyse Russian assets' [INSIGHT]Western allies to cut off Russian banks from Swift [SPOTLIGHT]  Ursula von der Leyen, president of the European Commission unleashed fury upon Vladimir Putin, vowing to “paralyse Russian assets” in a bid to stop the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. She said: “The European Union and its partners are working to cripple Putin’s ability to finance his war machine.” She added: “We will stop Putin from using his war chest. We will paralyse the assets of Russia’s central bank. “This will freeze its transactions, and it will make it impossible for the Central Bank to liquidate its assets.” 