Amid fighting in Kyiv, where the Ukrainian army defends itself from Russian troops, the Scottish journalist issued a stark warning to the West, claiming they "can't look the other way when dictators threaten our freedom". Scrutinising the UK's sanctions on Moscow, Mr Neil pressed Prime Minister Boris Johnson to do more in a conflict in which he says the UK has "a crucial role to play". He wrote: "London, Washington and Brussels assure us they [sanctions] are 'strong' and 'severe'. But for Putin they will be no more than an irritant." On Wednesday, Mr Johnson announced the Government will be targeting Russian banks Rossiya, IS Bank, General Bank, Promsvyazbank and the Black Sea Bank, as well as three Russian billionaires — Gennady Timchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg — who will have their UK assets frozen and not be allowed to enter the country. Later, as the longstanding diplomatic crisis between Moscow and the West turned into a full-scale military conflict, a ramped-up list of measures against Moscow followed. It includes a rise in the number of individuals being targeted from three to more than one hundred; a freeze on the £154bn assets of Russia's second-largest bank, VTB, which had not been included in the first wave of sanctions, and legislation being introduced to Parliament next week that will prohibit the ability of all major Russian companies to raise finance on UK markets as well as for the Russian state to raise sovereign debt on UK markets. Ukraine-Russia LIVE: War explodes on Kyiv streets as Putin storms capital – major clashes The Prime Minister said: "Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history – he will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands." In Mr Neil's view, the punishment is far from strong enough. He claimed: "Boris Johnson has tried to camouflage the intrinsic weakness of the financial and economic sanctions he announced last week by bigging up his new controls on Russian oligarchs. "The idea Putin cares about the fate of a few of his cronies when he is on the brink of grasping the great geopolitical prize that is Ukraine has been one of the more pathetic features of Britain’s response to Russian aggression." But the broadcaster's harsh assessment, though backed by many MPs across the political spectrum, does not paint the full picture. On Saturday morning, armed forces minister James Heappey confirmed the UK is looking to continue to supply weapons to Ukraine as more and more areas across the country turn into war zones. He told Sky News: "We know what the Ukrainians want. We are doing our best to get it to them." Mr Heappey said the Government was working on a strategy to help a resistance movement and a Ukrainian government in exile if the capital city Kyiv, where according to mayor Vitali Klitschko 35 people were wounded overnight, falls. DON'T MISS'Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia [ANALYSIS]London mum's heartbreak as son fears for dad trapped in Ukraine [REPORT]The fearsome woman who sends shivers down Putin's spine [INSIGHT] As for the long-term plans to support the Eastern European nation, he added: "There is a 10, 20-year project where the West will be back into quite acute competition, where imposing cost on Putin and the kleptocrats who surround him so that he fails, and he is seen to fail, and he has no opportunity to anoint his successor, and Russia fundamentally changes as a country as a consequence because the Russian people have had enough of him. "That is something where the UK and our allies have got time to make good strategic decisions." After a tough night in bomb shelters and basements for the people of Kyiv that nevertheless saw the Ukrainian army repel an attack along one of the city's main roads in the west, Mr Neil's writing in the Daily Mail could be described as overly pessimistic: "The sad but blunt reality is that Ukraine is lost, both to its people and to the West, for the foreseeable future." Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, who turned down the White House's request to evacuate Kyiv as it came under the Kremlin's attack, certainly thinks differently. Determined to defend his country, he said: "I need ammunition, not a ride." Mr Neil, in a last push for the UK to up its game, concluded his reflection by saying: "As for Britain, with one of the only two militaries (along with France) that matter in Europe, we will have a crucial role to play in all of this, nudging Europe towards greater deterrence and contributing to it."