Queens of the Stone Age rocker Mark Lanegan died at the age of 57 earlier this morning. The news was confirmed by his family in an emotional statement on social media. Mark was best known as a singer with Queens of the Stone Age, but also performed with The Screaming Trees and The Gutter Twins. The American star also released several solo albums and toured the world with his music. In a statement on his Twitter page earlier today, Mark's friends shared news of his death. This read: "Our beloved friend Mark Lanegan passed away this morning at his home in Killarney, Ireland. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death "A beloved singer, songwriter, author and musician he was 57 and is survived by his wife Shelley. "No other information is available at this time. "We ask Please respect the family privacy."  The musical icon began his career in 1984 when he first became known as the frontman of grunge band The Screaming Trees. He toured with the band up until 2000, releasing seven albums with them. Folowing this, he released several solo albums, including his first in 1990 entitled The Winding Street. Mark also regularly collaborated with Queens of the Stone Age, featuring on several albums. Other fellow artists he's worked with include Kurt Cobain, The Gutter Twins, The Twilight Singers and Manic Street Preachers. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [VIDEO]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm [PICTURES]  No news about his cause of death has been released by his family. Following the news of his death, tributes have begun flooding in for the star. Peter Hook wrote: "Mark Lanegan was a lovely man. He led a wild life that some of us could only dream of. "He leaves us with fantastic words and music! Thank god that through all of that he will live forever. RIP Mark. Sleep well. Love Hooky. X" Rob Delaney wrote: "I love you Mark Lanegan. "A colossal, spectacular body of work. These are all him? How?" Tim Burgess added: "Oh no. Terrible news that Mark Lanegan has left us. Safe travels man - you’ll be missed." Badly Drawn Boy penned: "Hearing about Mark Lanegan passing away has properly stopped me in my tracks. "I’m absolutely gutted. Met him on a couple of occasions and I was nervous because I loved him so much. "He was a perfect gentleman, really kind. One of THE great singers of the last 30 years. So sad."