Dr Michael Mosley often shares his weight loss tips with slimmers online as well as on television. He is the creator of The Fast 800 – a diet plan that helps people lose weight quickly. Dr Mosley often shares his top weight loss advice with dieters wanting to lose weight as fast as possible. One of his tips includes eating dinner earlier and stopping eating at a specific time. He said: “Broadly, I encourage people to try and have their evening meal earlier, say 7pm to 7.30pm. “Try and stop eating by 8pm, and then not eat anything with calories after that.” READ MORE: Sheridan Smith: Actress lost huge 2st in just weeks The nutrition expert went on to explain: “The temptation is to eat cheese and biscuits late into the night. Although the idea that cheese will give you nightmares is a complete and utter myth, it will obviously be sort of quite a lot of calories loaded on late at night. “And we know the fat and sugar you eat later at night, it just hangs around in your system for much, much longer because your body is just closed down for night. “Your digestive process will be closing down, and it really will not appreciate that late night snack.” However, Dr Mosley stressed that “the main thing is to try and restrict alcohol and caffeine late at night, because both are likely to keep you awake”.  “People do use alcohol as way of getting to sleep, but the reality is it will lead to fragmented sleep and you’ll wake up a lot more during the night, which is very clear. “A nice cup of camomile tea or possibly a cup of ginger tea is probably your best bet at night time.” As well as cutting down on fats and sugars, Dr Mosley recommended that slimmers increase their protein intake to lose weight. He said: “It’s really important to have a decent amount of protein, which is 50 to 70 grams a day. “You can mainly get protein from meat or from fish, and you can also get it from legumes, but you have to eat rather more, which is why following The Fast 800 on a vegetarian diet is more challenging. “We do have meal replacement shakes which are very rich in protein, and we're also aiming to produce protein boosters, to help people who might otherwise struggle with it. “The reason for protein is you need it for your muscle. You need it for all sorts of essential metabolic processes. “And also because when you consume it, it’s digested slower by your body so you don't get the same sort of peaks.” The Mediterranean diet is a big part of The Fast 800 and includes ingredients that are high in protein. These are plenty of vegetables, fruits, legumes, lentils, nuts, fatty fish, chicken, and dairy ingredients such as full-fat yoghurt. Dr Mosley also advised replacing white carbohydrates with wholegrains. This can be as easy as eating brown rice, brown pasta, and wholegrain bread. The body digests wholegrain carbs slower than white carbs, therefore they leave slimmers feeling fuller for longer.