Alison Hammond, 47, has made a name for herself over the years with her hilarious antics, bubbly personality and contagious laugh living at the forefront of her fans' minds. But while people may think they know the boisterous presenter on their screens, she's now given a rare insight into her family life. She explained that she lives with two others besides her teenage son Aiden. Also living at her Birmingham residence is her gay best friend Jason and his dog Bobby. She spoke of the unusual set-up during a chat with This Morning co-star Holly Willoughby, on her By the light of the Moon podcast. READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation And even though Alison admitted that people have believed it is slightly peculiar in the past, she absolutely loves it. She said: "My family life is so like, if you look at it from the outside you’ll be like, 'how does that all work?'" "I live with my gay best friend Jason, I've got Jason’s dog called Bobby, there is my son and me and it is such a great family and we work so well together. "Jason’s there helping me with Aiden, Aiden is there helping Jason, the dog, helping me." She smiled: "It is just such a good little unit and I absolutely love my home life situation. "I cook for my boys - I am winning!" Alison's Birmingham roots are hugely important to her, stating matter of factly to Birmingham Living, that she never intends on leaving the city. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] "I still live round the corner, five minutes away from my mum in Hall Green!" she beamed. "And I like doing dead ordinary things when I’m away from work – I just dropped my son off at the Snowdome and that’s more important and more fun than all the partying under the sun!" She added: "This is who I am. "I am a private person in real life but very outward going when I have an audience. "I love Birmingham. I love everything about it. "I would never leave it."