The child was snapped by the Google Maps cameras in a park in Switzerland. TikTok user, "The Google Earth Guy", was confused to locate the picture of a child’s head poking out of a public bin in Parc de Valency, Lausanne. He wrote: “I have so many questions [as] to how he got there.” "The Google Earth Guy" has amassed over a million followers, recording his entertaining Google Maps findings and posting them to the platform. In the video, posted multiple times on the page, he zooms in on the geo-located spot in Switzerland, switching from a satellite view of the content to a focused street view in the park. Video viewers expressed their disbelief at the find. One user, ‘memes.are.here.0’, commented the child’s predicament was “the true meaning of abandonment”. Another wrote he was “hiding” to avoid going to school. Another jokingly suggested he was “playing hide and seek” in the park. Another jested: “Maybe he got bored.” READ MORE: Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm The most viewed version of the video has been viewed nearly 62,000 times, and received over 1,700 comments. The coordinates for the site are 46°31'42.0"N 6°36'47.0"E on Google Maps. The majority of the comments are challenges from curious followers to locate whichever event or random item takes their fancy. In another video, the account zooms in on a stretch of empty road, only to reveal a car submerged in a body of water next to the tarmac when Street View is enabled. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [REACTION] Kate arrives fashionably late to Denmark after ditching private jet [REPORT] Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [REVEAL] In another, an inconspicuous building then turns into what appears to be a public bathroom. As the camera turns towards the cubicle, it reveals two legs sticking up from the toilet bowl, with no torso or head in sight. Some of the videos poke fun at the technical difficulties often humorously made by the Google mapping equipment. One shows how the movement of a dog was caught by the camera to make its body far longer than it should be, and sporting an extra set of legs.