All of us, rich or poor, live at the mercy of the environment. The thoughts of the whole nation will be with those in areas subject to the “red warning”. It is sobering to consider the worst-case scenarios and the destruction that could be unleashed if it proves to be the worst storm in more than three decades. The weather warnings were enough to persuade Prince Charles to call off his planned visit to Newport and Swansea. And in amber zone areas, some of the country’s most famous attractions ‑ such as the London Eye and Kew Gardens ‑ announced they would shut. This comes as swathes of the country are still reeling from the effects of Storm Dudley. It is encouraging to know that the Army is on standby, but the enormity of the potential damage is daunting. We are now much better prepared for extreme weather than in the past and we hope no one will take foolhardy risks. In recent days we have talked about foreign threats to our national security but we must ensure we have defences in place against nature at its most ferocious. A health emergency looms with more than a third of 10 and 11-year-old children now overweight or obese. When one in 20 cancer cases is caused by excess weight, it is essential that children are helped to resist junk food, lose weight and adopt healthy lifestyles that will reduce their risk of suffering life-shortening illness. Young people are bombarded with opportunities to guzzle high-calorie food and the consequences of bad diets could well be disastrous for families and hugely expensive for the NHS. Britons are naturally averse to an interfering nanny state, but we cannot ignore the real danger that people we know and love will suffer terribly if this burgeoning problem is not tackled. Britain has scarcely had time to comprehend the enormity of the trauma caused by the pandemic, but a National Day of Reflection on March 23 ‑ the anniversary of the first lockdown in 2020 ‑ is a chance to pause for thought. Legions of us have had our hearts broken by grief, the pain of isolation and the stress of confinement. And the consequences of disrupted work and education have shaped lives on every street. Stephen Fry says he cherishes this “opportunity to remember loved ones and celebrate what made them beloved” ‑ and so do we. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest