Elden Ring is out this week, with the release date for FromSoftware's next adventure landing on PlayStation and Xbox consoles and PCs on Friday February 25. And gamers have been given even more reasons to get excited for Elden Ring with reviews dropping this week, and Elden Ring swiftly becoming one of the most critically acclaimed games of all time. If you're looking forward to the Elden Ring launch and are looking for details on the release time, preload, file size, day one patch and best deals then this is what you need to know... Elden Ring release times have been revealed by the game's official Twitter account with separate release times for consoles and PCs. In most regions the Elden Ring release time for PlayStation and Xbox will be midnight local time. But, depending on which region you're in, the Elden Ring release time on PCs could be before the console launch or after it. In the UK the Elden Ring release time for PlayStation and Xbox is midnight on Friday February 25. However, if you're a PC gamer in Blighty then the Elden Ring release time is 11pm on Thursday February 24. Here are Elden Ring release times for other regions Elden Ring release time (central European): Midnight local time on February 25 for consoles, midnight CET on February 25 for PCs Elden Ring release time release time (America): 9pm pacific on February 24 and midnight eastern time on February 25 for consoles, 3pm pacific and 6pm eastern on February 24  If you're looking to jump in and play Elden Ring as soon as possible once the game launches then you can preload Elden Ring right now. The Elden Ring preload is available on all platforms. And, even if you've purchased the physical version, you can still preload the game on Xbox. To do this, you will need to search for the game on the Xbox app and install it. The game will only be able to run, once you insert the disc. If you're wondering how much space you will need to free up on your hard drive then here's details on the Elden Ring file size... Elden Ring PS5 file size: 44.47 GB Elden Ring PS4 file size: 44.94 GB Elden Ring Xbox file size: 49 GB Elden Ring PC file size: 60 GB  Bandai Namco has revealed that a new patch for Elden Ring has been released ahead of its release date. The update that will be available to download on day one is Elden Ring version 1.02. Here are patch notes for the update... - Improved player controls - Addition and adjustment of BGM - Text adjustments - Balance adjustments - NPC event fixes and adjustments - Fixed frame rate drops under certain conditions - Fixed text bug in some languages - Fixed a bug that prevented the Xbox wireless headset from working properly  At the time of writing, Currys is the best place to pre-order Elden Ring. On the Currys website all versions of Elden Ring are priced at £44.99, however if you use the SWNEXTDAY code at checkout this brings the price down to £39.99. This deal has been known to sell out quickly in the past, so if Currys are all out of stock when you go to place your order other options are Amazon and ShopTo. Amazon is selling the console versions of Elden Ring for £44.95 while ShopTo has the PC version available to pre-order for £40.85. 