The massive oil company has announced that it will be offloading its 19.75 percent stake in Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft. BP Chairman Helge Lund said: “Russia’s attack on Ukraine is an act of aggression which is having tragic consequences across the region. "It has led the bp board to conclude, after a thorough process, that our involvement with Rosneft, a state-owned enterprise, simply cannot continue. "We can no longer support bp representatives holding a role on the Rosneft board." The move comes following pressure from the UK government to make the decision following the invasion last Thursday. According to BP's annual results published two weeks ago, the Russian company made up about a fifth of its total profits - equivalent to £2billion. BP's Chief Executive Officer Bernard Looney added: “Like so many, I have been deeply shocked and saddened by the situation unfolding in Ukraine and my heart goes out to everyone affected." Mr Looney has resigned "with immediate effect" from the Rosneft board, as has fellow BP-nominated director Bob Dudley. BP had held the shareholding in the company since 2013. PA reported that Mr Looney appeared on a panel with Putin in Russia last October, which he later described as a "privilege". The company also plans to exit its other businesses with Rosneft in Russia, which includes an interest in three joint ventures worth around £1billion at the end of 2021.    Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said he had left BP's boss with "no doubt about the seriousness of government concerns about BP's overexposure to Russian interests" after a meeting on Friday, according to an official. Following BP's decision, Mr Kwarteng said: "Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine must be a wake-up call for British businesses with commercial interests in Putin's Russia." The move comes following a storm of sanctions on Russia following the invasion. Yesterday, Western nations agreed to exclude several Russian banks from the SWIFT international payment system. The UK and the US have both prevented Russian banks from using the pound and the dollar respectively, further damaging their ability to call on reserves and make international payments. The EU however has been criticised for not following in kind with the euro. Meanwhile, Germany made a historic announcement yesterday that they would be breaking with traditional policy in sending weapons to help Ukraine fight off the invasion.