However, people with serious health conditions who aren't exempt can also limit the total cost of their prescriptions regardless of their age. They can do this by purchasing a Prescription Prepayment Certificate (PPC).  This costs £108.10 for a year of 'free' prescriptions. The purpose of a PPC is to enable a person to get as many NHS prescriptions as they need for a set price. The certificate costs £30.25 for a three month period. Another option is to pay £108.10 for 12 months. If a person is currently regularly paying the prescription charge of £9.35 per item, a PPC could potentially save them money in the long run. For example, a person who requires three prescribed medicines a month can save more than £225 a year by purchasing a 12 month PPC. That same individual could save more than £50 in three months with the three month PPC. A PPC also covers all NHS dental prescriptions.  People can apply for a Prescription Prepayment Certificate online. They will instantly receive a digital certificate in this case. Importantly, a person's PPC will be valid from the date of purchase. However, it is possible to request a different PPC start date.  Furthermore, people can pay upfront for a PPC or choose to pay in 10 monthly direct debit instalments. People who do not wish to apply online can call the PPC helpline on 0300 330 1341. A range of UK pharmacies also sell Prescription Prepayment Certificates. These include Boots and Lloyds pharmacies.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can get a replacement PPC within 10 working days in the event that their certificate is lost or damaged. The NHS prescription charge is currently £9.35 for each prescribed item. However, some items are always free, including contraceptives and medicines prescribed for hospital inpatients. Those on low income, that is via certain Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits and tax credits and the NHS Low Income Scheme, are exempt from paying for prescriptions. This includes expectant or new mothers. 