The Duchess of Cambridge met with young families at the Children’s Museum in Frederiksberg and said that she was feeling “very broody”, joking that her husband is concerned about her working with young children. She was visiting the centre, which was launched last June, as part of her two-day working visit to the Danish capital undertaking her royal duties. She said: “William always worries about me meeting under-one-year-olds. “I come home saying, ‘let’s have another one’.” Kate’s outfit on the trip, a red Zara blazer teamed with a white ruffled blouse and black trousers, was thought to be a nod to the Danish flag. The Duchess is becoming known for her dedicated work focusing on the early years of child development.  The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood was launched in June 2021, with the aim to “drive awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years, in order to transform society for generations to come”. Kate and William are already parents to Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 3. They also have two nieces and two nephews between them, as Prince Harry and Pippa Middleton both have a son and a daughter each.  READ MORE: Kate’s trip abates fears over Queen’s health - expert Kate was plagued by pregnancy rumours last year after speculation that she was staying out of the public eye due to morning sickness. However royal experts at the time dismissed suggestions that the Cambridges were trying for a fourth baby. Speaking to Today Australia royal commentator Russell Myers said: “I think that the Duchess isn’t pregnant, I think that some people have been asking the question of where has Kate been?  DON'T MISS:'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can [REPORT]Queen 'instincts' remark about Vladimir Putin during 2003 visit [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Which members of the Firm have caught COVID-19 [INDEPTH] “But where the truth really lies is they have been on holiday.” Last September royal expert Nick Bullen told Us magazine: “They are really focused, over the next 12 months, on their work. “They are really keen to be promoting their charities, their initiatives, their foundation. “I think for them, the next 12 months are all about the work, [it] is not about a new baby.” 