Anthony Smith was shown the door after it emerged he had been having the affair within company property and on work time. Mr Smith claimed he was unfairly sacked, stating they had only had sex outdoors, and not on company property.  The affair has been with Lyndsay George, 38, who was a co-director of a Yorkshire-based specialist drainage firm alongside her husband Robert, 44. Ms George owned up to having had an affair with Mr Smith, stating they did so in the office and in a company vehicle during working hours. Mr Smith was fired from Full Circle Irrigation for gross misconduct. However, following an employment tribunal, he has now lost his case against Full Circle, which works with Premier League side Leeds and some of the UK's top golf courses.  Ms George, who lived with her husband in a £350,000 home in Knaresborough, near Harrogate, North Yorkshire, resigned from her post as director after admitting her affair with Mr Smith. Mr Smith, who had been at the company for 11 years had also been accused of distributing naked pictures of Ms George to other colleagues working at the company. The employment tribunal in Leeds, West Yorkshire, heard Mr Smith and Ms George embark on a relationship in the spring of 2020. The hearing was told in January 2021 a suspicious colleague raised concerns they were having an affair, which Ms George admitted to her husband.  READ MORE:Sales assistant awarded £20k after being called 'menopausal' A tribunal report said: “It was not disputed Mr Smith was engaged in an extramarital affair with Mrs George, who was a company director and married to Mr George at the time, between Spring 2020 and January 2021. “On January 22, 2021, Ms George admitted to Mr George she had had a sexual relationship with Mr Smith. “Mr Smith was suspended on full pay the same day. “Ms George said she had been engaged in sexual activity with Mr Smith in the office and in work vehicles during working hours.”  DON'T MISS:Macron exposes his weakness on the world stage [REPORT]World's biggest spider found in UK after shipment from China [REVEAL]Pensioners choice of heating or testing! Boots announces test cost [INSIGHT] Mr Smith was also questioned over his conduct at work, with allegations of bullying and xenophobia towards Eastern European colleagues. In his defence, Mr Smith claimed the pair had only had sex outdoors and claimed witnesses had been bribed into testifying against him. He claimed his boss, Mr George had a desire to "get rid of him", moaning he felt like he 'was on a murder charge'. Judge Tegerdine presiding said: “The tribunal found Ms George to be a credible witness. “Ms George gave direct and candid answers to the questions she was asked, and there was no reason for her to be dishonest about what happened between herself and Mr Smith.  However, the tribunal found Mr Smith's evidence to be unsatisfactory. “The tribunal found his assertion his affair with Ms George, which took place over a period of at least eight months, some of which were in the middle of winter, was conducted wholly outside, to be implausible. “The tribunal found his suggestion a number of witnesses who gave evidence during the course of investigation were lying or had been bribed when there was absolutely no evidence to substantiate this, to be far-fetched. “He was wholly to blame for his dismissal. “His behaviour was culpable and blameworthy.” However, the tribunal did not support the allegation Mr Smith shared naked photos of Mrs George which she sent him. The judge said: “Although the Tribunal accepted Ms George's evidence she had shared naked images of herself with Mr Smith, there was no clear evidence he had ever shared them with anyone.” The tribunal heard Ms George resigned in February 2021- but shortly after rejoined the company in an admin role. The hearing was told she had avoided disciplinary proceedings herself by her resignation. 