Lewis Hamilton has insisted in no uncertain terms that Mercedes are more than capable of giving him a car with the potential to beat Max Verstappen to this year's Drivers' Championship title. The Brit was forced to miss out on last season's honours after he was cruelly denied on the final lap of the decisive Abu Dhabi Grand Prix back in December. Verstappen reaped the rewards of a controversial call from ex-race director Michael Masi that allowed him to close up to Hamilton under the safety car with only a few laps remaining. He went on to force his way around his Mercedes rival during the one-lap shootout that followed to clinch his maiden title under extraordinary circumstances. Hamilton responded by taking a lengthy break from social media before his eventual return to the grid was confirmed by Mercedes earlier this month. He will go into the new season without being the defending champion for the first time since 2017 but is determined to make amends with an inspired showing over the course of the upcoming campaign. The 37-year-old delivered a confident response as he underlined his full faith in Mercedes when quizzed on whether they will have what it takes to give him a title-winning car at pre-season testing on Wednesday. JUST IN: Alfa Romeo's camouflage car as Bottas' livery kept under wraps "Why would I ever feel that way? We've won eight [Constructors' Championship titles] in a row," said Hamilton in response to the suggestion of Mercedes falling short this year. "My team don’t make mistakes. Of course that is a risk [with the new regulations] but I trust the team, whether it is good or bad we will work through it." Hamilton was spotted taking a good look inside the Red Bull garage in Barcelona at the start of Wednesday's test as he gears up for another season-long battle for Drivers' Championship glory. He also spoke of his excitement at being able to see what the other teams have put together for the very first time, insisting that it is nigh-on impossible to predict who will come out on top as a result of the large-scale changes that have been introduced by this year's new set of technical regulations. "Every year is exciting but this one is completely brand new," added Hamilton. "I have seen designs of our car obviously but this is the first time you get to see the other teams out there on track." Hamilton was in action for Mercedes during the afternoon session on Wednesday after his new team-mate George Russell was tasked with putting in plenty of laps before lunch. Ferrari topped the timesheets at the end of the morning run, with Charles Leclerc's best lap edging that of second-placed Lando Norris at the front of the order. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE However, the timings of this week's test sessions are unlikely to bear much resemblance to the true race pace of teams that will be apparent at next month's Bahrain Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Mercedes simulator driver Anthony Davidson recently suggested that a battle for supremacy between Hamilton and Russell could soon take shape at Mercedes if the latter proves to be a worthy opponent in his first year with the Silver Arrows. "This is his big moment, isn't it?" Davidson told Sky Sports F1 last month. "His chance to step into, hopefully for his sake, a car that can run right at the sharp end and with Lewis Hamilton as your yard stick, the best in the business to measure yourself against. "There's nothing more that a driver like George wants than to go head to head with Lewis with the same equipment, and this is the time you can really see if you're good enough."