Question of Sport presenter Paddy McGuinness returned on Friday night alongside team captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye. However, many BBC One viewers continued to share their upset over the quiz show's recent revamp. The new format for the long-running programme was introduced last year, but still receives criticism from fans who are unhappy with the shake-up. Paddy, 48, welcomed Sam's team onto the latest instalment of the quiz show which included Paralympian Hannah Cockroft and former footballer Kevin Davies. On Ugo's team were former cricketer Isa Guha and professional boxer Lawrence Okolie. Sam's team got off to a strong start, but Ugo's team were determined to be crowned the winners of the episode. However, as the instalment got underway, many viewers lashed out on Twitter over the "dull" episode and called for its former presenters to return. READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' Kevin Harris fumed: "#Questionofsport winner of the dull award from the planet dull on a dull day - what on earth were they thinking of ?! From the pinnacle of sports quizzes to the dullest of all dullness." A frustrated Michael Carter said: "What on earth has happened to #QuestionOfSport?" Alice raged: "What has happened to this show? I used to love it #questionofsport" Paul McNulty added: "#Questionofsport is b****y rubbish now. Used to be such a fun show. Nice one @bbc."  Ben, on the other hand, had nothing but praise for the programme and commented: "I love watching Question of Sport on a Friday night, even though I know nothing about sport! #QuestionOfSport @BBCOne" "Good to see @Lawrence_tko on @QuestionofSport," Kayode Famali added after watching the boxer take part in the instalment. At the end of the episode, Sam's team were victorious after "storming" ahead of Ugo and his teammates. Reflecting on Sam's win, Paddy exclaimed: "That was backwards and forwards. DON'T MISS...Ugo Monye details 'pressures' on him over Question of Sport role [INTERVIEW]Paddy McGuinness and wife have not told children they are autistic [LATEST]Question of Sport fans rage as Roman Kemp joins line-up  [REACTION] "So at the end of the game, the final scores are Ugo's team on 22 but storming ahead was Sam's team on 26. "Well done to both teams there. Ugo, good team tonight, it went right down to the wire there pal. "Let's not forget at the end there Kevin Davies, well done Kev, well done. You got them over the line Kev." Last year, Paddy replaced Sue Barker as the main presenter on Question of Sport.  Sam and Ugo meanwhile stepped into Matt Dawson and Phil Tufnell's shoes as team captains. And while some people have loved seeing Top Gear host Paddy take the reigns, others have called for Sue to come back to the show. Tennis champion Sue presented the BBC show for 24 years before being replaced. Question of Sport continues Fridays at 7.30pm on BBC One. 