Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank married back in 2018 in St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle. They had dated for seven years before Jack popped the question with a beautiful pink diamond ring.  Claire Adler, the founder of Claire Adler Luxury PR, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: "Princess Eugenie’s eye-catching engagement ring features a Padparadscha Sapphire surrounded by diamonds on a simple gold band. “Her ring follows the recent trend of more untraditional engagement rings with colourful gemstones.” In comparison, Sarah Ferguson’s engagement ring from Prince Andrew was bright red in colour, not dissimilar from her daughter’s ring. Claire continued: “Eugenie’s ring features a flower-like shape known as a cluster ring and coloured stone similar to the engagement ring of Eugenie’s mother Sarah Ferguson. “Princess Eugenie’s now-husband Jack Brooksbank probably took inspiration from Sarah Ferguson’s ring. “In fact, the colours of both rings have deeper meanings. “Princess Eugenie’s husband Jack Brooksbank explained that he picked this ring because ‘it changes colour when it hits certain lights, much like Eugenie.’”  But are the two rings the exact same jewel? Claire clarified: “The rings are not exactly the same, and Princess Eugenie’s ring is a different design from her mother’s. “Because of their similar design, both rings have also been compared to Kate Middleton’s ring which belonged to Princess Diana.” The Duchess of York's engagement ring is one of the most recognisable royal jewels, as it features a huge Burmese ruby surrounded by 10 glittering diamonds.  Moreover, as Claire mentioned, the stones form a flower pattern known as a cluster ring. The precious gems are arranged on a yellow gold band and the gorgeous colours are very attention-grabbing. The stunning ring was crafted by British jewellery house, Garrard, the same place that made Princess Diana's iconic sapphire piece, as well as Sophie Wessex's ring. At the time, Sarah's beloved ring cost £25,000, but inflation and the story behind the ring now mean it could be valued in the region of £70,000.  In comparison, according to Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, Princess Eugenie’s ring costs £100,000 due to its rare padparadscha sapphire. Prince Andrew said on the ring he gave to Sarah: "We came to the mutual conclusion that red was probably the best colour for Sarah. “That's how we came to the choice of the ruby. “The extra bits around the outside, we wanted something that was slightly unconventional.” 