Novak Djokovic is through to the quarter-finals of his first tournament in 2022. The world No 1 was left unable to play the Australian Open when he was deported over his vaccination status and has dominated headlines for his decision not to get the Covid jab. Returning to competition in Dubai, Djokovic has silenced the off-court noise by producing another impressive display over Karen Khachanov to reach the last-eight. For the second match in a row, Djokovic arrived on court to cheers of ‘Nole’ from the Dubai crowd. The world No 1 was taking on Khachanov for the sixth time, with his only loss to the Russian coming in the final of the Paris Masters back in 2018. In what was just his second match of the season after being deported from Australia ahead of last month’s Aussie Open, the five-time Dubai champion got off to a quick start as he broke in the third game. He then dropped just one point on serve for the rest of the set before closing it out 6-3 in 32 minutes, having won 100 per cent of first serve points in a dominant display. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu offered private guidance by Andy Murray  Djokovic carried his momentum into the second, breaking in the third game as he apologised to Khachanov after winning a 16-shot rally that the Russian appeared to assume had gone long. This time the world No 26 responded, forcing three break point opportunities in the very next game, but he was unable to capitalise as Djokovic held on in a lengthy three-deuce game to lead 3-1. But Khachanov kept himself hot on the world No 1’s tail and was finally able to clinch his first break of the match at 3-4 in the second, denying Djokovic the chance to put himself within one game of victory. The five-time Dubai champion managed to give himself two break-back point chances immediately but the 25-year-old held on to lead 5-4 in a seven minute game. DON'T MISSZverev releases statement after disqualification for angry outburstAndy Murray condemns 'dangerous' Zverev after Mexican Open rageZverev faces lengthy suspension and huge fine for Mexico Open tirade   It was Djokovic who faced more pressure on his serve again at 4-5, finding himself two points from a deciding set at 30-30 but he held on and the pair eventually went to a tiebreak. The world No 1 was first to pounce in the breaker, going a mini-break up at 3-1 when Khachanov netted a return. He eventually dug in and took it 7-2 to close out an hour and 35 straight-sets victory over the world No 26. Djokovic will likely next face qualifier Jiri Vesely, who is a game away from upsetting recent Doha champion Roberto Bautista Agut in their second-round clash on Court 1. It will be another welcome victory for Djokovic, who is back to doing what he does best after spending the last couple of months hitting the headlines over his vaccination status. The world No 1 recently gave his first in-depth interview since his ordeal in Australia, telling the BBC he'd skip the likes of the French Open and Wimbledon if they required full vaccination. "Yes, that is the price that I'm willing to pay," he said. "Because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. 