With spring just around the corner, it’s time to think about planting your summer-flowering bulbs. Ranunculus make a beautiful border or bed of flowers, and it's almost time to get them planted. Here’s everything you need to know about planting ranunculus bulbs in the UK.  Ranunculus bulbs produce stunning, colourful, and voluptuous rose-like flowers. Although rananuculi look like roses or peonies, they are from the same family as buttercups, although they grow far larger than a regular buttercup. These bulbs can be planted in flowerbeds, added to borders or grown in plant pots and containers. Not only are these flowers a beautiful addition to your garden but they can also be cut and displayed in a vase, where they should last for a fortnight.  READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows Native to southern Europe, ranunculus is happier in a mild climate, so it’s best to wait until the weather warms up a bit to plant it. You can plant ranunculus bulbs in autumn, but if you didn’t then don’t worry - the next best time to plant them is spring. Wait a couple of weeks until all risk of frost has passed - this timeframe could vary across the UK - generally the best time to plant ranunculus bulbs in Britain is mid to late March.  After you’ve planted the spring bulbs, you should have to wait around three months for flowers to appear. So, if you plant ranunculus in March, you can expect a beautiful crop of flowers in June and July. Ranunculus are happiest in full sun with a bit of shelter from any high winds. DON'T MISS:How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [UPDATE]Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens [TIPS]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [INSIGHT]  Provided there’s enough sun to satisfy your ranunculus, it’s up to you where you think they would look nicest in your garden. They tend to grow to a modest height of between 20 and 30 centimetres, so can look lovely lining the front of borders. Ranunculus can also be planted in pots or containers and placed anywhere you like. This also allows you to move them around the garden if you like. It is suggested you soak ranunculus bulbs in water for a few hours before planting them, as this will help them sprout faster. You should prepare the soil before planting with some good quality compost or manure. Plant the bulbs with the claw or tentacle pointing down, about two or three inches deep, and nine inches apart to give them space to spread out. Water them well once they’ve been planted, but avoid over-watering as this could cause the bulbs to rot. 