George, eight years old, joined Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, at the Six Nations game between England and Wales. The Duke of Cambridge has been patron of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) since 2016, with Kate taking over as patron of England's Rugby Football Union (RFU) in February. In pictures from Twickenham Stadium on Saturday, George is seen with his mum and dad in a navy and red coat. Kate shared her children’s enthusiasm for rugby, saying George plays the sport at school and three-year-old Prince Louis likes to be in the “middle of everything”. Before kick-off, the Cambridges revealed that George has started playing rugby at his prep school, Thomas's Battersea, and has already succeeded in tackling his mother. George described how he had begun learning how to tackle, turning to his mother to say, “but I haven't tackled you yet!” A laughing Kate replied: “Yes you have.” However, royal fans were shocked at George’s resemblance to the late Princess of Wales, saying the eight-year-old looked just like Diana.  User LadyEc, said: “Prince George is looking at the photog, that look reminds me of Diana. “Interestingly enough, the family security guard is looking at the same photog. Watching the watchers. Well done sir.” Another user, CindyLoo1224, said: “Oh I am definitely seeing Princess Diana’s eyes in Prince George!” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Nobel prize next!’ Sussex fans frenzy More users noted the resemblance between George and Diana, who died on August 31, 1997. User isaguor simply said “George looks so much like Diana here” about a picture of the young royal looking up at the stadium. Outlet The Rumble Online said: “Prince George is starting to seriously resemble his grandmother!” William and Kate met Jeff Blackett, president of the RFU, and Gerald Davies, president of the WRU, prior to kick-off and chatted with volunteers and council members of the RFU. The Duke said of the match: “It's a big game. We're excited. It's just so good to be back. “It's been quite weird watching games, and football, without the fans.” When George was asked who he was supporting, he shrugged. His dad laughed: “It's become quite the thing in the house.” Pointing at his wife, William added: ‘She is quite into it, I'm trying to stay out of it.” A source told the MailOnline: “[The Duke and Duchess] are famously competitive with each other and this will be no different – probably even more so now that they have an invested interest in the outcome of the game.” It comes after Julia Samuel, George’s godmother, shared how she gets funny presents for the eight year old in a tribute to Diana. Ms Samuel, friends with the late Princess, told the podcast How to Fail with Elizabeth Day: “So I do to George what [Diana] did to us... which is give impossible toys which are really noisy, take a lot of making. “I come in slightly tipped by the size of the present that William then has to spend days putting together and then put all the machinery together. "It makes awful tooting noises and lights flashing and all of that. That makes me laugh and it makes George laugh.”