On Monday, both Kyiv and Moscow began talks at the Ukraine-Belarus border in the hopes of agreeing a ceasefire. As of February 25, 644 people have died according to the Ministry of Defence. However, while both Mr Zelenskyy and Vladimir Putin discuss an end to the conflict, the Ukrainian leader has drawn international praise for his leadership. Lllia Ponomoarenko, the defence reporter for the Kyiv Independent newspaper, said on Sunday: “Never in my life could I imagine that this funny dude from that stupid TV show would be one the 21st century’s greatest national leaders.” French philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy wrote in France's Journal du Dimanche that his humour “does not leave him even though missiles are raining down". Describing him as “Putin’s nightmare”, Mr Levy said, Mr Zelenskyy could “become the man who brings him down", if he gets the weapons from the West that he needs. What do you think of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's leadership during the invasion of Ukraine? Let us know in the comments below Volodymyr Zelenskyy James Crisp also wrote for The Telegraph that Mr Zelenskyy’s “Glitterball triumph could be used by his political opponents as proof he was unsuited for the presidency”. However, he said in the outlet: “Now, it was being gleefully shared by millions around the world as proof that there is nothing this man can’t do. “Nowadays, Mr Zelensky rarely puts a foot wrong. He has sent emotional messages to the people of Russia and Belarus, pleading with them to oppose the war. “’This might be the last time you see me alive,’ the father-of-two told EU leaders in a recent video call before they hit Moscow with unprecedented sanctions and offers of weapons. “There were hints of Mr Zelenskyy’s inner steel in the run-up to the invasion; not least when he accused the West of appeasement at February’s Munich Security Conference. “But few, crucially including Vladmir Putin, could have predicted he would prove such a formidable opponent.” READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin abandoned by key allies - crucial 24 hours Throughout the invasion, which started on Thursday and has entered its fifth day, Mr Zelensky has remained in Ukraine and recorded videos on his phone for the public. In a video released on Friday, Mr Zelensky and members of his cabinet were in Kyiv to prove they had not fled the country despite the Russian invasion. The President said in a video posted on Saturday: “This is our land, our country, our children, and we will defend all of this.” Meanwhile, reports hold more than 400 Russian mercenaries are operating in Kyiv with orders from the Kremlin to assassinate Mr Zelensky. According to The Times, The Wagner Group, a private militia run by one of Mr Putin’s closest allies and oligarch Yevgeny Prigozhin, flew in mercenaries from Africa five weeks ago on a mission to decapitate Mr Zelensky’s government. Information about their mission reached the Ukrainian government on Saturday morning and hours later Kyiv declared a 36-hour “hard” curfew to sweep the city for Russian saboteurs. Citizens were warned that they risked being “liquidated” if they were spotted outside during the curfew hours, as they may be assumed to be the enemy. A source with knowledge of the Wagner Group's activities told the Times that between 2,000 and 4,000 mercenaries had actually arrived in Ukraine in January, however with different missions. On Monday, talks between Russia and Ukraine were held at the border of Belarus. Al Jazeera’s Bernard Smith, reporting from Moscow, says Ukraine and Russia “seem very, very far apart on what they want out of the talks”. He said: “Russia, we already know, has asked for an unconditional surrender of the Ukrainian forces. “Vladimir Putin has called on the Ukrainian forces to overthrow the government of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has said he does not recognise the current Ukrainian government as democratic, even though Zellenskyy was elected with 73 percent of the vote in 2019. “And it seems Russia is continuing fighting, even while these talks are taking place … so both sides are very far apart and it it is hard to see how they can come to an agreement on a ceasefire.”