Frustrated Ukrainian protester Valeriya, who lives in London, called on the allies of Ukraine to get tough on Russia and stop the "politics of appeasement".Pressure is building on the European Union, namely Germany, to back efforts by the UK, Canada, and the US to ban Russia from SWIFT. There is a split emerging inside the EU as former Soviet states and neighbours to Ukraine blasted the bloc for imposing sanctions that were “too weak”. Valeriya told Sky News: "This is the battle of Kyiv, like in 1941. "Very few people know but Ukraine suffered the most out of all the Soviet states in World War Two because our country was captured and recaptured twice. "There was Hitler on one side and Stalin on the other side. "Back down the whole world knew that there was a terrorist wanting to violate the sovereignty of Poland and the whole world chose the politics of appeasement." JUST IN: Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight' She continued: "We have chosen the same politics this time, and the politics of appeasement has not worked once again. "The deep concern expressed and all the toothless sanctions that have been introduced, it hasn't helped. "Putin invaded Giorgia in 2008. He invaded Ukraine in 2014. He invaded Belarus effectively. "He downed civilian airplanes above Ukrainian skies. He hasn't received a strong enough response to stop him." SWIFT is the principal mechanism for financing international trade and a ban from the system could devastate Russia's economy. Germany, Cyprus, and Italy were thought to one the main opponents to the proposed SWIFT ban, described as a "nuclear option" of sanctions. Boris Johnson personally lobbied German chancellor, Olaf Scholz, to back the ban, warning that “western inaction or under-reaction would have unthinkable consequences”. Overnight, it is thought that the member-states softened their resistance to the ban as EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said a decision on SWIFT could happen in the "coming days". Lithuania’s president Gitanas Nausėda, said the EU needed to learn the lessons that the bloc’s previous sanctions had been “too weak”. DON'T MISS: Putin’s war shows contempt for civilisation, warns LEO MCKINSTRY [COMMENT]BBC scrambles to defend deploying hosts to Ukraine [REACTION]Kyiv resistance strikes back as Russia loses grip on cities [INTERVIEW] He said: "We cannot have the luxury of being a discussion club. Discussions are useful but we cannot forever be in discussions. "They need our support today, tomorrow might be too late." Poland’s prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki echoed this, saying that the EU had to be united around severe sanctions "on Putin, on Russia". He said: “This is now a critical moment for the history of the European Union, the history of Europe. "The whole free world is looking at us, at what kind of sanctions, what kind of reactions” Responding to Russia's missile strikes on Kyiv this morning, Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted: "Kyiv, our splendid, peaceful city, survived another night under attacks by Russian ground forces, missiles. "One of them has hit a residential apartment in Kyiv. I demand the world: fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, oil embargo, ruin its economy. Stop Russian war criminals!"