Manchester United players are happy with their result against Atletico Madrid, according to veteran Nemanja Matic. The Red Devils weren’t at their vintage best during their Champions League showdown, relying on Anthony Elanga to get them out of trouble in the closing stages. And they’ll certainly need to improve when it comes to the second leg at Old Trafford on March 15. Manchester United fell behind against Atletico when Joao Felix headed the La Liga giants ahead in the seventh minute. Diego Simeone’s side then proceeded to hit the bar while 1-0 up, with Victor Lindelof nearly scoring an own goal. Yet Atletico were made to pay for their lack of cutting edge when Elanga coolly slotted past Jan Oblak with 10 minutes of normal time left to play. It was the Swede’s third goal of the campaign and second in as many matches, having previously netted against Leeds on Sunday. Speaking to club media after the match, Matic hailed Elanga. “For a very young player to come here and score against Atletico Madrid he will remember this moment forever for sure and he deserved that,” said the veteran. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “He’s working very hard, he’s a very, very nice kid I have to say – very polite, respectful and I think he’s the future of our club.” And Matic also revealed United players were satisfied with the result, though called on them to be better in the return leg at Old Trafford. “We are happy because we scored at the end and we go home with, let’s say, a positive result,” he said. "But we also know that we have to play better football and to control the ball more and the game. "There are some things that we have to work on and we have to improve, but to come here at this stadium against a very good side and to draw is not that bad. “Deep down though we know in ourselves that we have to play better.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message He added: “Watching from the bench, especially first half I thought that we are missing control with the ball and when I came on the coach also told me to try to keep the ball more, to calm down and to help my team-mates. “[At half-time] we knew that they had more control, they were leading and they had some more chances in the first half, but we said ‘Okay let’s regroup, let’s see what we can do with the ball’. "I think that we didn’t control enough when we were in possession. “In the second half we looked much better, more solid and we scored that goal which gives us positive feelings.” Matic feels United can go through, insisting they must control the tempo of the return leg better than they did in Spain. “The most important thing is how we play and I’m sure if we improve,” he said. “As I said, in those segments with the ball then we will control more and we will win the game. “We respect them, but we know that we represent one of the best clubs in the world and I’m sure that we will do our best and we will go through.” David De Gea made his first return to Madrid as a United player since leaving Atletico 11 years ago. And he insists everything was to play for now, while also claiming a draw was a ‘fair result’. "It as great to be back at home in Madrid,” he said. “It was strange because I played for this club but it is football. “We are Manchester United, we wanted to win, it was a tight game and both teams had a couple of chances in the whole game. The draw is a fair result. "We came to a very difficult pitch against a very good team, they started with more intensity than us and won the 50-50s, they scored a very good goal. “In the second half we showed that we have good character and we played good, scored a goal and everything to play at Old Trafford.”