The Met Office has issued two new weather warnings: One for snow and ice, and one for ice. The areas affected include Northern Ireland, most of Scotland and the North-west of England. The yellow snow and ice warning affects England and Scotland, and is in effect from 8pm on Thursday to 9:30am on Friday. It says: “Further areas of rain, sleet and hail, with snow mainly at elevations above around 200-300 metres, are likely to affect many areas this evening. “These will be heavy in places, perhaps bringing 2 to 5 cm of snow to some of the higher routes across the Pennines and Scotland. “Beyond midnight, showers will become less widespread and will fall increasingly as rain or sleet away from some higher routes and parts of northern Scotland. “However as temperatures fall, icy stretches are possible more widely, especially on untreated surfaces.” Meanwhile, the yellow ice warning is in effect over the entirety of Northern Ireland, from 8pm to 9am. It said: “Overnight showers will mostly turn to rain, but still with some sleet or snow showers on higher ground, mainly limited to the highest routes by late evening. “However clear spells between showers will allow temperatures to drop towards freezing in places, with some icy stretches possible on untreated surfaces. “Showers will die out towards the end of the night with more cloud spilling into the west allowing temperatures to recover a little.” Both warnings come after the Met Office’s previous yellow warning for snow and lightning. The alert was issued on Wednesday at 5pm, and last until 8pm on Thursday, covering much of east Scotland the northernmost parts of Northern Ireland. It said: “Temperatures across Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to drop sharply following a squally band of rain on Wednesday, with frequent heavy and blustery snow showers arriving from the Atlantic. “Away from immediate west-facing coasts, 1 to 3 cm, and in places, 3 to 7 cm of snow is likely to build up even at low levels, whereas on higher ground some places could see 10 to 20 cm building up by Thursday morning. “The showers will be accompanied by strong, blustery winds, with gusts of 45-55 mph possible, and a chance of 65 mph on coasts. Blizzard conditions are likely over higher ground. “There is a small chance that some of the showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning, which could impact power supplies, including some places outside of the warning area. “Snow showers are increasingly likely to turn back to rain and sleet at low levels later Thursday morning and early afternoon, although remaining as snow above 200-300 m.” Tony Zartman, Accuweather Meteorologist, told express.co.uk Friday is set to be much drier after the weather subsides. He said: “Once this storm passes, much of the U.K. will have largely dry conditions on Friday as high pressure builds to our south. Temperatures will climb a few degrees over Thursday’s temperatures as well. “The next storm will bring windy conditions this weekend, especially across northern parts of the U.K. once again. There can be some rain, especially across northern and western areas with snow on the hills once again. “High pressure may then bring a bit of break from the unsettled weather late Sunday into early Monday before another storm will some windier and rainier conditions later Monday into Tuesday. “Although still a week away, there are indications that high pressure may bring more settled weather for the middle and end of next week.” Nick Finnis, Netweather.tv senior forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website “wintery showers” will feature throughout the day. He said: “Frequent snow showers are piling in across Scotland, N. Ireland and northern England for the morning commute and will continue throughout the day here, settling even at lower levels. “Some significant accumulations possible over the Highlands, drifting in the strong wind. Hail and thunder may also accompany the heavier showers, particularly in the west… “(Further south) will be brighter but showery conditions, already across Wales and SW England, spreading east across all parts by late morning. “Showers will be wintry in nature, with a mixture of sleet, hail and hill snow and perhaps the odd rumble of thunder in the heavier showers. Showers tending to ease from the west by evening.” Nick Finnis, Netweather.tv senior forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website “wintery showers” will feature throughout the day. He said: “Frequent snow showers are piling in across Scotland, N. Ireland and northern England for the morning commute and will continue throughout the day here, settling even at lower levels. “Some significant accumulations possible over the Highlands, drifting in the strong wind. Hail and thunder may also accompany the heavier showers, particularly in the west… “(Further south) will be brighter but showery conditions, already across Wales and SW England, spreading east across all parts by late morning. “Showers will be wintry in nature, with a mixture of sleet, hail and hill snow and perhaps the odd rumble of thunder in the heavier showers. Showers tending to ease from the west by evening.”