The vacuum brand that is consistently compared to the top-dog in the vacuum category, Dyson, is always reasonably priced, but right now there’s a sale on Amazon that's making one of its most popular models even more so. Buy: Amazon (£219.99) READ MORE: Aldi's 'sturdy' wrought iron welly boot stand 'saves getting the floor muddy' - £29.99 READ MORE: Aldi is selling an 'absolutely brilliant' rattan garden corner sofa for under £300  Usually retailing for £349.99, the Shark Upright Vacuum Cleaner has had its price slashed by £130 in a sale on Amazon, bringing it down to just £219.99. Buy: Amazon (£219.99) One happy customer said: “This vacuum has a versatile design that allows you to transform it from a traditional upright standing vacuum into a more compact size that you can move around with easier, making hard to reach areas easier to clean. “The particular model I received is the pet variant, which includes a couple of extra attachments that makes pulling up pet hairs from sofas and carpets easier.” The Anti-Hair Wrap technology is something that is frequently commented upon in the reviews. The same shopper went on to explain how it works, adding that “the vacuum uses a different type of roller style that has a guard built-in the stops hairs from tangling too much in the brushes, making them easier to remove if they do get clogged up”. One shopper who has used Dyson for years was able to compare the two brands in their review, saying: “We have been a Dyson household for many many years and have always sworn by them but the price of this Shark drew our attention. After reading reviews we decided to give it a go. Buy: Amazon (£219.99) “On the whole, we have been very pleased. The suction is very very good, it brought the pile back up on our living room carpet which is great. Very easy to use and the lift away function is very useful. “It is also a lot lighter than the Dyson which for me is great as I have arthritis and couldn't manage the Dyson anymore.” You can buy the Shark Upright Vacuum Cleaner while it's still on sale on Amazon here.