Spanish tennis icon Rafa Nadal has paid tribute to the retiring Juan Martin del Potro, emotionally insisting the Argentine was one of the best players of his generation. After over two years on the sidelines due to a serious knee injury, Del Potro made an emotional return in February. At the Argentina Open, the 33-year-old lost 6-1 6-3 to Federico Delbonis before he pulled out of the Rio Open. Del Potro, the 2009 US Open champion, suggested prior to his match with Delbonis that it could well be his final competitive act as injuries have taken their toll. He is widely expected to announce his retirement from tennis. “What I feel is a real shame for everything that someone like Juan Martin has had to go through throughout his sports career,” Nadal told reporters during his press conference at the ATP 500 event in Acapulco. JUST IN: Andy Murray details private messages to Novak Djokovic on return “In the end, he is one of the best tennis players we have seen on the circuit in recent years and too many physical problems have not allowed him to develop the career he deserved and that we would all have liked to see.” Del Potro and Nadal faced each other 17 times in their careers, with the 21-time Grand Slam winner emerging triumphant 11 times while the Argentine won six matches. Nadal hailed Del Potro’s mentality and the way he conducted himself, particularly ahead of the Argentina Open. “In the conference prior to his participation in Buenos Aires, I understood that he did not make it clear whether he would withdraw or not, that it was a possibility,” Nadal added. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal fires direct warning to Novak Djokovic over Grand SlamsEmma Raducanu won't win 'another Grand Slam any time soon' 'I get dozens of emails every day' - Novak Djokovic faces backlash “Now, then, that it seems to be a reality, I wish you to be happy, that all these pains disappear, that you can develop your personal life in a pleasant way and that you do not have to suffer daily the physical problems or pain that you must be suffering to this day.” Del Potro turned professional in 2005, achieving a career-high ranking of world number three in August 2018. His greatest achievement was his only Grand Slam title victory at the 2009 US Open, defeating Roger Federer in the final over five sets. The 2009 tournament at Flushing Meadows remains the only Grand Slam where Novak Djokovic, Nadal and Federer all reached the semi-finals but none of them won the championship. The Argentine defeated Nadal in straight sets to set up his final clash with Federer at Flushing Meadows. Del Potro amssed 22 titles throughout his impressive career.