The blogger, called Chelsea, explained her trick is to "just ask for one. Yes, it’s that simple ". Chelsea recommended travellers always send an email to the hotel before arrival. Her secret hack is to address the manager and explain she is very "excited" to stay at the hotel and ask "to be considered for an upgrade". The traveller shared her first upgrade experience using this trick: "Be nice. Be excited. Be a bit cheeky. "I got my first upgrade success five years ago when I won a holiday to Barbados for £50 (a story for another day!!) and I emailed the hotel ahead to say James and I were newly engaged and looking for beach wedding destinations... READ MORE: Spain travel update: What are the latest key rule changes?  "When James found out he was FEWMIN’ but I told him they hadn’t responded anyway and to chill out. "We arrive and there’s no mention and I’m so relieved I don’t have to pretend I’m engaged and I vow to not put myself through the stress ever again." She continued: "We get led to our room which is GORGEOUS and has a cute little balcony, kitchen and lounge area, I had no idea this was not a standard room. "Half an hour later I saw an unopened door...  "I eased it open and saw stairs... "We climbed up and discovered our OWN PRIVATE ROOF TERRACE COMPLETE WITH POOL. "It was THE MOST EXPENSIVE ROOM IN THE WHOLE HOTEL. "As you can imagine, James doesn’t complain when I email ahead anymore," she joked. Chelsea said: "But, for my own nerves sake, I do stick to one of the five shown here which are ACTUALLY TRUE." The traveller suggested five reasons to ask for a free upgrade, without having to pretend you're engaged: "It's my birthday" "It's our anniversary" "We've had a job promotion" "I'm a big fan of the hotel" "It's a special occasion" The blogger also recommended "finding out the name of the person who makes the upgrade decisions". "Often it will be the general manager so you could try calling up and asking for their name so that you can send it to the right person," Chelsea said. It can also be useful to check the hotel’s availability. "This is more so you can adjust the tone of your message. If it’s fully booked up you may want to refer to possible ‘last minute availability’ and if there’s plenty of rooms then you know you can be a bit more general," she said.