Criticism was directed at the Government at the National Farmers’ Union (NFU) conference earlier this week over funding. But praise was directed in Whitehall’s direction over the move towards genetically modified crops. Reports suggest farmers in the EU face one of the strictest approaches to genetically altered goods – whether involving adding new genes of tampering with those already present. But the UK Government’s approach is far more lax. As a member of the bloc, Britain is said to have struggled developing an approach for trialling genetically edited crops. Out of it, ministers are keen to move ahead with plans to increase commercialisation. Minette Batters, NFU President, has described the method as a “big Brexit ticket winner”. She, quoted in the Telegraph, said: “In Europe… we've got to get to these better plant breeding techniques because you know, that is how we impact less on the environment, it is how we use less chemical pesticides. “It is the way forward.” Professor Nigel Halford, also quoted in the paper, agreed. READ MORE: British farmers to be handed cash payments in Brexit breakthrough Professor Halford is a crop scientist at Rothamsted Research in Hertfordshire, which has begun its first field trial of gene-edited wheat. On the move towards such alterations, he said: “It's the first positive step in the regulation of biotech for a quarter of a century.” He added this could be a helpful “tool” in efforts against climate change. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Professor Halford said: “We see a need to go from maybe chemical-based crop protection to genetic-based crop protection. “But we also have a rapidly changing climate and all the other things that agriculture has to deal with. “We need all the tools available to us.” Plans will not, however, move forward without controversy, with genetically altered crops considered overly experimental by groups including Greenpeace. This follows the news farmers will be handed cash payments to cover veterinary costs in a “fairer” post-Brexit system. In what has been labelled a “Brexit dividend”, farmers will be handed payments to cover visits to ensure their animals are healthy once a year. Environment Secretary George Eustice said of the plan: “Too often farmers only call a vet when there is a crisis, but with an annual vet visit to develop better animal health plans, they will see both animal welfare and their farm profitability improve.”