The recent behaviour of the Russian dictator indicates mental instability beyond the norm. How then to begin to explain what Putin thinks and why he speaks and behaves as he does. In short, he is two things. An obsessive and a fanatic. The second is easy. A fanatic can accept not a strand of any viewpoint but his own conviction and will not encounter the tiniest compromise. An obsessive has only one concern of total absorption with no room for anything but that obsession. The recent behaviour of the Russian dictator indicates mental instability beyond the norm. How then to begin to explain what Putin thinks and why he speaks and behaves as he does. Putin’s is revealed in a single remark he made some years ago. It is that he regards the collapse of the Soviet Union as the greatest tragedy in all human history. For most of us it was the welcome end to the biggest dictatorship on the planet. Since 1991 when Mikhail Gorbachev accepted reality, terminated world communism and abolished the USSR, his successor-but-one, the little secret policeman from St Petersburg, has been trying to reinvent and reimpose it. The USSR comprised 15 states, commanded by Russia. After dissolution just six comprised the Inner USSR – Russia, Belarus, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Ukraine. Putin’s self-imposed life’s work is to re-unify them. Belarus, under its evil tyrant Lukashenko, is already his puppet. He has fomented strife in Georgia, Azerbaijan and Armenia. But the great prize was always Ukraine. Its increasing self-orientation towards the West has been a red rag to a bull, possibly toppling his fragile sanity. Hence the deliberate provocation of two-province occupation and war. But there are four “maybe-nots”. The Russian generals may be in favour of an easy victory but how will they react to endless columns of coffins coming back from the front if, as quite possible, the Ukrainians fight like tigers from well-prepared and Western-armed positions? They have not been faced with this since Afghanistan in 1989 and that led to the collapse of the Union in 199l. How will the so-far docile Russian people react to the same phenomenon, portrayed to them every night on their TVs?  In the Second World War they accepted horrendous losses but they were fighting and dying for their beloved homeland. This time they know from the unstoppable internet that it is they who are the aggressors. How many of their sons, lovers, brothers and husbands will they accept coming home in coffins before demanding that it stop? PUTIN HAS always been sustained in office by a backing army of gangsters and billionaire profiteers. As the genuine prospect of national bankruptcy and personal ruin looms, what will turn out to be the real price of their loyalty to the strange and maybe unbalanced little man in the Kremlin? The fourth imponderable is the Ukrainian people. The two extreme-eastern provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, heavily settled with ethnic, linguistic and cultural Russians, are the easy pickings. Further west lies Ukrainian Ukraine. With the arms we have given them they could yet inflict losses that Putin has not envisaged in his wildest nightmares. A MOMENT of levity is pleasant in these dark days. At the Lincolnshire Wildlife Park five parrots have been put back on show after a period in seclusion because of their ripe language. It was finally thought the vocabulary of some of the visitors was just as lurid. So the African greys are back where they were, able to put a head through the bars and ask: “Got any effin coconut?”   LIFE CAN be brutally unfair and never more than to those who do not deserve it. Like the Queen. If ever a lady deserved a peaceful and pleasant seventieth year on the throne it is she. Yet that year was beset by the Covid pandemic. Then embarrassment struck into the heart of her family. One grandson of which so much was once expected went off to make an exhibition of himself with an American actress in California; a much-loved son was tainted forever by associating with a revolting debauchee. And now it seems possible someone close to the Crown Prince favoured a wealthy sheikh with a British knighthood. Small wonder the lady seems careworn. But there are two lights on the horizon – both born commoners and both women. Camilla Shand is the daughter of an army officer. As a teenager she met a prince of the blood and fell in love. But each married another. Then a divorce. She re-met her prince, also divorced, and each realised they were back with the love of their life. Over the passing years Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, has proved to be calm, level-headed and exactly the consort Prince Charles needed. Catherine Middleton’s father worked for BA, retiring to set up a business in party equipment. Her mother was a flight attendant. After a modest start, she went to St Andrews University and met the young William. She has proved a perfect life-mate to the scion of the House of Windsor and immensely popular with the public. So my prediction? The storms will pass. Prince Charles will become king with Queen Camilla very firmly by his side. Waiting in the wings will be Prince William and the smiling Catherine.   NEW BOOK releases pour on to the market on the usual weekly basis and of the non-fiction category surely about one in 10 draws its inspiration from the same theme – the author’s miserably unhappy childhood. These are then shunted off towards the book societies and prize committees, heading for some prize or another. But I find it sad that middle-aged men and women really have to relive those awful years – if awful they truly were. So we must wade through litanies of grieving descriptions of brutal fathers, drunken mothers, miserable homes and stunted childhoods. On a personal note I must again be the outsider because I had a wonderful boyhood. I was an only child (Adolf Hitler got in the way!) but the three of us made a loving trio. It was only on a visit to a schoolmate’s home aged around 10 that I learnt married couples actually shouted at each other. Mum was small, ran a shop and the household and always seemed busy. Dad was calm, easy-going and kind. He gave me every shred of encouragement he could and I revere his memory to this day. The only part of my early years I did not like were the three years from 14 to 17 at a public school. Things were very snobbish in those days (the Fifties). What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea I was a scholarship boy with a shopkeeper father so bullying was daily. So Dad cut a deal with me: pass every exam they can throw at you and I’ll get you out of there. So I did and he did. With his help I wangled my way into the RAF at 17, a year earlier than legal. Two years later he and mum sat puffed with pride in the front row at my passing-out parade when the wings of a British fighter pilot were pinned on me. For a man who had stared upward in 1940 from a Kentish garden at the Battle of Britain, that was the pinnacle. Bless ’em. Compared to the miserable accounts of boyhood being issued almost weekly in book form, I was very lucky. SO STORM Eunice came in, had its moment and blew through, and nothing about it was “nice” at all. I sometimes think we in South Buckinghamshire have some kind of mini-climate because we all crouched in our homes and watched the devastation on reliable old TV, sheltered by the Chiltern Hills. The only serious disruption of habitual practice was that the Jolly Cricketers was closed for half a day. Now that is a serious disturbance!  