A report by recruitment firm Randstad revealed that 69 percent of workers are ready to move jobs as part of a trend known as “The Great Resignation”. It also found that a worrying number of UK employees are feeling more burnt out than ever before in a post-pandemic work climate. Express.co.uk chatted to Professor Sir Cary Cooper, Advisory Board Member at Delamere, to find out five ways to help you manage your workload and beat burnout. Are you burnt out? You might be experiencing this syndrome without even realising it. The draining problem is characterised by the following three things: If you are burnt out, don’t panic too much. There are a few things you can do to manage the depletion of energy. Here are the five things to do if you feel burnt out, according to Delamere’s Professor Sir Cary Cooper.  READ MORE- Richard Osman health: Pointless host's 'difficult journey' with addict If you have notifications going to your phone consistently throughout the day, including work emails, Slack or Microsoft Teams, make sure to switch the pop-ups off while you are taking a much-needed break (and especially on your days off!). Professor Sir Cooper said: “Having the temptation to check emails constantly while you off make it harder to fully disconnect from your work life when you are trying to catch up with friends and family. “If switching off notifications doesn’t work for you, it might be an idea to delete any work-related apps to stop you from checking in on what’s going on while you are off.” You could even have phone and computer-free days if that’s possible for your lifestyle.  For those that work full time, the chances are you have a long list of life admin that is patiently waiting in the corner for you until you have time to look at it. Don’t neglect your personal life and the things you desperately need to do to keep yourself afloat. Professor Sir Cooper said: “Annual leave can be the perfect time to tackle your to-do list that has been piling up, so start with the things that are the most important and have been sitting for a few more weeks than you like. “Not only will you feel like you’ve checked off a few things that you’ve been meaning to do, but you’ll also be able to distract yourself from work.” DON'T MISS...Diabetes: 5 foods to avoid [INFORMER]Can't sleep? The five unusual side effects of insomnia you should know [INSIGHT]Queen subjected to 'aggravating factors' with Covid diagnosis [EXPLAINER]  Sometimes the best way to forget about work in your personal time is to draw a line under anything you have been working on. The expert said: “This means not leaving any pieces of work half-finished, and making sure you are on top of your inbox before you clock off. “Having everything boxed off will not only reduce anxiety while you are trying to relax, but will also mean you come back to work feeling like it's manageable.”  An easy way to switch off from work is to set up an out of office on your email address. Professor Sir Cooper said: “This will let managers and anybody who usually tries to contact you know that you won’t be checking your inbox while on annual leave or late into the evening. “Once this is set up, assure yourself that people will see your out of the office and stick to it, so you don’t feel that you need to keep checking your emails.”   An easy way to switch off from work is to set up an out of office on your email address. Professor Sir Cooper said: “This will let managers and anybody who usually tries to contact you know that you won’t be checking your inbox while on annual leave or late into the evening. “Once this is set up, assure yourself that people will see your out of the office and stick to it, so you don’t feel that you need to keep checking your emails.” 