Novak Djokovic made an interesting hint towards his chances of competing at Indian Wells next month, following an impressive straight-sets victory in his comeback at the Dubai Tennis Championships. Djokovic was back on court for the first time since the saga in Melbourne that saw him miss the Australian Open, after being declined entry at the border due to his vaccination status. The Serbian was moved to a quarantine hotel in the city, and after initially being cleared to play in the Grand Slam, he was eventually deported by Australian immigtation minister Alex Hawke. This ensured the world No. 1 was unable to defend the crown he won in 2021, however he has finally made his return to the ATP Tour in Dubai. Djokovic brushed aside Italy’s Lorenzo Musetti 6-3, 6-3 in his first outing of the year to move him into the Round of 16 of the competition. JUST IN: 'I'll pass' - Novak Djokovic hesitates on question after first match since Australian saga  Despite making his return to the court, there is no doubt the Serbian’s 2022 calendar remains up in the air due to his COVID-19 vaccine standpoint. It is expected that, like the Australian Open, players will be required to have had the jab in order to compete in other events, including at Indian Wells next month. Whilst it was expected that Djokovic would miss the event, he made a rather interesting admission about the tournament following victory over Musetti. He said: “As of today, not. I can't go, can't enter United States. As of today I'm not able to play. DON’T MISSDjokovic compared to Nadal in brutal putdown over vaccine dramaRafa Nadal fired Djokovic warning as his uncle makes honest admissionEmma Raducanu warned of 'incredibly hard' problem in Mexico  “But let's see what happens. I mean, maybe things change in the next few weeks.” Indian Wells is not the only big event the world No. 1 could be forced to miss out on, with the next two Grand Slams - French Open and Wimbledon - also a doubt due to vaccine rules. However, in an interview with the BBC, Djokovic admitted he is willing to give up the chance of winning titles instead of getting the jab, but didn’t insist he is not an ‘anti-vaxxer’. He said: “I was never against vaccination, but I've always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body… “The principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I'm trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can." In the meantime, the Serbian’s concentration will be firmly on his work in Dubai, with the world No. 1 set to take on either Karen Khachanov or Alex De Minaur in the Round of 16. 