Pancake Day is happening on 1 March 2022 and it's the perfect occasion to enjoy delicious pancakes with friends or family. Regardless if you’re into sweet chocolate chip flavours or savoury mixes, there are plenty of offers available where you can get bargains on food, ingredients and more. Plus, several supermarkets like Marks and Spencer and Aldi have launched new ranges to celebrate the day. Shoppers can find unique pans, cookware and more so that can keep cooking delicious pancakes after the day has passed. Perfect for families and shared households, don’t miss out on offers on pans, spatulas, mixers and more. Here are the best available Pancake day deals and ranges to buy. Aldi shoppers can buy new special pancake pans including the Crofton Crepe Pancake Pan, which makes traditional round pancakes and is only £9.99. Shoppers can also buy the Ambiano Crepe Maker, which is available for £17.99 here. Shop Aldi kitchen range here. Perfect for a big gathering, shoppers can now get the Pancake Party Gift Bag from Marks & Spencer. Complete with a pancake shaker mix, pecans, an American style pancake mix, Canadian maple syrup, chocolate spreads, raspberry coulis and more, it’s available for £25. There are also several Pancake day essentials online including the Percy Pig Pancake Pan, cotton aprons, spatulas and more. Shop Pancake Day essentials at Marks & Spencer here. Wowcher is offering customers big discounts of cooking appliances and they can buy the Crepe & Pancake Maker for £15.99, which saves 30 percent off normal prices. Other top deals include the Pancake Mixer & Dispenser which has been slashed by 60 percent off and is £11.99. Shoppers can also get Joe & Seph’s DIY Pancake Day Ultimate Mix for just £16 here. If you’re looking to buy tools and supplies, then shop at Wilko to get Pancake day utensils for bargain prices. There are 27 products available including frying pans from Tefal, Pyrex measuring jugs and weighing scales. Shop the Pancake day items here. Fitness fans will love Myprotein’s protein pancake range which includes the Protein Pancake Mix, Vegan Protein Pancake mix and Collagen Pancakes. Each protein pancake mix contains at least 10g of protein per serving and is perfect to help support muscle growth and maintenance. Plus, shoppers can get up to 60 percent off the range when they use the code ‘SALE’ at checkout, so they can spend as little as £1.79 on mixes. Shop the protein pancake range here. If you fancy ordering pancakes instead, Deliveroo will be offering several pancake day discounts on popular restaurants across the UK. New customers can also get £10 off their first delivery when they spend over £15 with the code ‘FOODNOW10’. Highlights include Kaspa’s which is offering 20 percent off all crepes for one day only. Other restaurants that will offering special Pancake day dishes include The Breakfast Club, Giraffe and Carluccio’s. Order on Deliveroo here.