Cleaning the kitchen sink is a chore many of us face daily, but if your washing up area is made of stainless steel, you might be left will dull-looking metal. However, there is one tried and tested cleaning hack that could result in an "amazing transformation". Stainless steel sinks can end up being marked as a result of contact with water. This is due to limescale deposits caused by the water, which over time can also attract dirt particles. Watermarks are particularly common in areas where you have hard, mineral-rich water. The solution, however, could be tucked away in your bathroom cabinet. READ MORE: Cleaning: Britons are urged to ‘pay attention’ to their mattress According to users on a Reddit forum, baby oil is the perfect final step to shine up your sink after cleaning. Baby oil can be purchased for just £1 in most supermarkets and drug stores. In response to a post seeking help for a marked stainless steel kitchen sink, user glue_gun_goddess said: "This going to sound crazy, but baby oil helps with these kinds of stains. "I have spent a fortune on cleaning products for my stainless steel and I saw this hack on Pinterest. "I bought a small travel size bottle and was amazed." A second user posting under the name LAHA460 said the results of using baby oil promised an "amazing transformation". DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [COMMENT]Shower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [INSIGHT]House prices: The five UK areas where prices have surged [DATA] But what do the experts say about this cleaning hack? The key thing to know about using baby oil is that it only works for aesthetic purposes. According to an expert from RealHomes.com: "Baby oil used on a soft, dry cloth will effectively remove streaks from shiny surfaces like stainless steel or enamel - but it won't actually sanitise the surface." Therefore, before embarking on polishing your sink it is important to clean it as you normally would. After you have finished cleaning, wipe down the sink with a clean, damp rag. Baby oil can then be applied to a soft cloth, such as a microfibre cloth, to buff the surface. Check which way the grain of your steel goes. You can do this by looking closely at the surface, where you will be able to see lots of minute lines going in the same direction. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wipe it onto the surface, moving in the direction of the grain of the steel. This should be done parallel to the lines, not perpendicular. Afterwards, use a dry, soft cloth to gently buff the oil. You should use minimal pressure when doing this. If the first attempt does not offer the results you want, go back and repeat the process a second time.