Chelsea hold a 100 per cent win record in finals under Thomas Tuchel's guideship and it's been revealed the German head coach has a certain superstitious ritual that he has carried over into the Carabao Cup final today. The Blues won the Champions League shortly after Tuchel's arrival at Stamford Bridge before clinching the UEFA Super Cup. Just last month, Tuchel added the Club World Cup to his trophy haul at Chelsea with the chance of adding a fourth to his collection. Chelsea face a tall order against Premier League title contenders Liverpool at Wembley this afternoon. Both Tuchel and Jurgen Klopp have a near fully-fit squad to choose from with many anticipating a close match between the two Premier League giants. Finding that extra edge will be the difference be it Mohamed Salah's excellence infront of goal, Chelsea's superb defensive unit or the likes of Mason Mount or Kai Havertz coming up with a moment of genius. JUST IN: Chelsea 'may still face sanctionst' despite Abramovich step back  Chelsea have had an extra day to prepare for the Carabao Cup final over Liverpool, who head to Wembley off the back of a 6-0 thrashing of Leeds on Wednesday. The Reds are in excellent form having won six league games on the bounce, scoring an impressive 18 goals in that spell. Chelsea meanwhile have not played much league football over the past month due to their involvement in the Club World Cup. But they still come into the final relaxed and Tuchel has been doing his part to help lighten the mood on the training ground. DON'T MISS  Sky Sports' Gary Cotterill reported on Sunday that Tuchel has his own superstitious actions that he undergoes in the build-up to a final. He explained that Tuchel always opts to put on the goalkeeper gloves in the last training session before a final and this time was no different. The Chelsea boss was also said to have locked himself in his hotel room on the day of the game, pulled down the blinds and meditated for about 40 minutes. Tuchel may well have been mulling over his starting line-up for the game against Liverpool with Romelu Lukaku's place in the squad being questioned. The Belgian forward came under heavy criticism for his performance against Crystal Palace last week and was subsequently dropped against Lille this week. And Tuchel has opted to stick with Havertz as his central striker to face Liverpool at Wembley. Mount also makes his return to the starting line-up while Trevoh Chalobah was given the nod to start alongside Thiago Silva and Antonio Rudiger at the back.