Diamond Sampson (played by Isaac Keys) walked away with the upper hand after his fight with Jenard (Kris D Lofton) in the latest episode of the smash-hit Starz spin-off. As fans gear up for another visit to Chicago with Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora), Power Book IV: Force regular Isaac has given Express.co.uk the scoop on where the Sampson brothers are headed for the rest of the season. Book IV star Isaac has confirmed there’ll be plenty more confrontations between Diamond and Sampson to come in the rest of the show’s debut season. At the top of the new spin-off, Diamond was released from a 15-year prison sentence to find his power had Chicago had slipped. With new crime family, the Flynns, running things, both he and Jenard are desperate to reclaim their territory from the Irish mobsters. However, both Diamond and Jenard have equal claims to the top position, and their sibling rivalry reached boiling point in the most recent episode, Firestarter. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' Diamond bested his brother in the boxing ring, but it seems Jenard may have thrown the fight to avoid causing more conflict down the line. Even so, there’s a long road ahead before the Sampsons take back control of the Chicago streets, as Isaac recently explained in his exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. When asked if a rematch was coming, the Diamond star replied: “I mean, he’s the big brother. “His little brother’s come of age, he’s been putting in work and doing a lot of things that I feel he thinks go underappreciated.” “But that big brother Diamond is still like ‘I’m still the big brother’. He still wants his seat.” Diamond and Jenard clearly still have a lot of love and respect for each other, as demonstrated by their unwillingness to hurt each other too much during their recent bout. Before his time in jail, Diamond ran things in Chicago as the head of the Chicago Brothers Incorporated (CBI), with Jenard as his right-hand man. Unfortunately, it’s still unclear who the boss is now Diamond is a free man, and they both think they deserve a seat at the table once the Flynns are dealt with. DON'T MISS:Vikings: Valhalla showrunner shares why main series was scrapped [INSIGHT]9-1-1 Lone Star fans in tears as favourite killed off-screen [REACTION]Another Life’s Katee Sackhoff pens heartfelt farewell [COMMENT] “That’s where I think power comes into play because he still likes his power,” Isaac explained. “He can give love to his brother but power’s important to him, and he understands what he had built before he was locked up.” Now Diamond has had a lengthy experience with life on the inside, he’ll stop at nothing to turn the clocks back to what his life was like before he was incarcerated. Even if it means wrestling control back from his brother, Diamond and Tommy will have to eliminate all potential threats to keep their grip on Chicago. Isaac added: “Jenard did a great job, but [Diamond’s] like, ‘I’m back’. “Every time you have that kind of confrontation between two alphas, it’s always going to be some type of struggle. “Diamond loves his brother, and would do anything for his brother, wants to protect his brother, and he does it in his own way.” The Sampson brothers’ relationship may be at its lowest point for now, but viewers will have to tune in to the rest of the season to find out how their power struggle gets resolved. Power Book IV: Force continues Sunday on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.