Taxpayers took in nearly £600million more in IHT between April and December in 2021, latest figures from the Government show. Overall, the total amount of inheritance tax collected for the year came to £5.9billon, a slight increase from £5.2billon in 2020. Despite this hike in receipts, taxpayers can reduce the amount of tax levied on their estate through various money saving measures, such as gifts. Inheritance tax is charged on someone’s estate, including their money, possessions and property, after their death. Once an estate is valued higher than HMRC’s £325,000 threshold, it is subject to this type of taxation. A gift is considered anything of a particular value, which includes money, property or possessions. However, any gift made must lower the value of the estate and the person who makes it must include any loss which accumulates.  READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Usually, inheritance tax is due on gifts which are paid by the deceased’s estate, but this is not the case if they give away more than £325,000 in gifts seven years before their death. Some people choose to make an outright gift, which is when the value is transferred to another individual without conditions. There are some exceptions to this, including gifts to trust which involve the person retaining an interest and pre-owned assets. On HMRC’s website, anyone looking to reduce their inheritance tax bill are encouraged to make a list of which gifts to include.  HMRC states: “List in date order all of the gifts the person who died made in the last seven years that are not exempt, starting with the oldest first. “Keep a running total of their values. Check your list to see where the running total goes over the £325,000 threshold. “You’ll pay tax on: the part of any gift that took the running total over the threshold (and) any gifts made after the threshold.” Ed Monk, an associate director at Fidelity International, shared his thoughts as to what the recent extortionate inheritance tax receipts really mean for households. Mr Monk explained: “Those sound like big numbers but bear in mind that rapid house price rises. “The strong returns we have seen for assets like shares in recent years, means that the value of estates has been rising strongly. “With current IHT allowances now frozen - the Government says they will not change until 2026 at the earliest - even more people will be pulled within the scope of IHT.” Offering his advice, Mr Monk encouraged people to take advantage of gifts as a tax saving measure, while also seeking expert advice. The financial expert added: “There are measures that you can take to mitigate the effects of IHT, and to make the process of administering the estate of a loved one easier after death. “That might include informing pension schemes of where you wish any death benefits to go, or it might mean taking advantage of the various exemptions in the IHT system for gifting money during your lifetime. “The key is to act early and seek out help to work out if you’ve got an inheritance tax liability. It can help to talk to someone about your investments, particularly about your pensions.”