  Cheryl Baker, who was a member of 1980s pop group Bucks Fizz, took to Twitter yesterday to share her heartbreak over her friend Anna Karen’s death. Anna, who starred in EastEnders and popular sitcom On the Buses, tragically died in a house fire on Tuesday evening.      Cheryl, 67, took to Twitter to remember her friend in view of her 34,300 followers. “I have just heard the awful news that my fabulous mate, #AnnaKaren has died in a house fire,” the singer revealed. “What an horrific way to die, I can’t bear to think about it. “I adored her - She was an absolute treasure, both on and off the screen.” READ MORE: Holly Willoughby supported by pal Phillip Schofield amid recent backlash       Anna, who was 85 at her time of death, was pronounced dead after a fire raged at her home in Essex. Firemen were reportedly summoned to the scene at Windsor Road in Ilford on Tuesday night at around 10.30pm. However, despite their best efforts, the actress died at the scene. Anna’s family friend confirmed the tragic news, telling Mail Online: “We are absolutely horrified at the news about Anna.”      A London Fire Brigade spokesman told the Daily Mirror: “Sadly, a woman has died following a house fire on Windsor Road in Ilford. “Part of the ground floor of a mid-terrace house was damaged by fire. A woman was pronounced dead at the scene. “The Brigade was called at 2240 and the fire was under control by 2338. “Three fire engines and around 20 firefighters from Ilford and Barking fire stations attended the incident. The cause of the fire is under investigation.” READ MORE... Dan Walker addresses downside to Sally Nugent replacing Louise Minchin [NEWS] Eamonn Holmes seems to swipe This Morning's Phillip Schofield tribute [NEWS] Piers Morgan issues warning as Vladimir Putin invades Ukraine [INSIGHT]      Anna was best known for her character Olive on the iconic show On The Buses, which ran between 1969 and 1973. The actress featured in all 74 episodes of the hit show and even went on to appear in its 1971 film spin-off of the same name, as well as sequels Mutiny on the Buses and Holiday on the Buses. The British-South African actress also became good friends with the late Dame Barbara Windsor after meeting her in the comedy hit Carry on Camping back in 1969. The pair met again in 1996, when Anna took on the role of Aunt Sal, who was the sister of Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor) in the show.      In light of Anna’s tragic death, her agent Shane Collins shared with Mail Online: “We're so sad about what happened to Anna. She was such a lovely lady and a great comedian. “The only comfort is she will be happy to be reunited with her husband Terry Duggan and her best pal Barbara Windsor.” Anna’s musician pal Cheryl was a singer in the pop group Bucks Fizz, who famously won the Eurovision Song Contest for Britain in 1981. The group, which also featured Bobby G, Mike Nolan and Jay Aston, had three number one hits including Making Your Mind Up, The Land of Make Believe and My Camera Never Lies.   