Orchids, like most blooming houseplants, bloom in set seasons. The best way to ensure that an orchid will bloom again after its first blossoms fall off is by taking proper care of the plant during its dormant non-blooming season. By taking the proper measures at the end of one blooming cycle, plant owners can set the stage for the next set of showy blossoms and ensure that their orchid blooms again and again every year. Gardening experts at Balcony Garden Web have shared orchid flowering secrets on how to successfully bloom orchids. They said: “Orchids look the best when they are flowering all the time. “But what are the tips and tricks to ensure they bloom just right?” Here are a few tips on how to successfully rebloom orchids. READ MORE: Inside Princess Beatrice & Eugenie's former £20k St James' Palace flat Like every flowering plant, orchids also need the right dose of light to produce ample blooms. However, unlike other blossoms that need direct sun, this plant requires indirect light for the best flowers. Keep the plant safe from the direct afternoon light and expose it to plenty of indirect light throughout the day. It is the key to successfully making them bloom year after year. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove limescale from bathroom taps [COMMENT] Avoid watering it every day as this can result in root rot. The experts explained how watering is crucial for orchids to bloom. They said: “Watering holds the secret key to unlocking the best blooms in an orchid plant. “The best way to water the orchid is around once a week. “Keep its pot below a slow-running tap and saturate the growing medium well.” However, it is important to avoid wetting the crown and leaves as it can lead to crown rot, which can kill the plant. In the native tropical environment, orchids grow on trees and not in the soil directly. For those who want the best flowers, grow the plants in loose bark, coconut coir, or coco husk. Also, it is a good idea to change the growing medium every year to keep the plant safe from potential diseases. Just like with any other houseplant, feeding them is essential for them to grow strong and healthy. The experts said: “If you want the best flowers, then use half a teaspoon of balanced liquid fertiliser, every time you water the plant. “The results will surprise you.” Although, make sure to not overfeed them and avoid fertilising them in winters. Also, refer to the label for the instructions.