NATO cited concerns about a wider conflict erupting should member states deploy troops to Ukraine to help local troops fight back against Russia. The US, UK, and the European Union have all issued sanctions aimed both at Russian banks and Vladimir Putin himself but no one has so far provided Kyiv with personnel aid. Ukrainian Olena Diomkina, who was forced to flee the capital because of the ongoing attack, however, dismantled NATO's justification with a somber warning. Speaking to BBC Radio 5 Live, Ms Diomkina said: "That is the logic of people whose relatives are not dying, who are in safety. "What I said yesterday, and I'm repeating today, when he, and if he, the Russian President, manages to capture our country, what will he do next? "Do the NATO member countries really think he'll stop there? Or if he manages my country, will he go after yours? "And tomorrow night, could it happen you will have to wake up your children from bombing?" READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR UKRAINE-RUSSIA LIVE BLOG Her response with met with stunned silence from BBC correspondent Christopher Warburton. Ms Diomkina added: "Maybe it is time to think and to help." NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Friday parts of its combat-ready response force will be deployed as the alliance will continue to send weapons to Kyiv, including air defences Mr Stoltenberg said: "We see rhetoric, the messages, which is strongly indicating that the aim is to remove the democratically elected government in Kyiv." READ MORE: 'Putin is in TROUBLE!' Russia war is 'not going well' - horror from INSIDE Ukraine exposed Washington said the United States would impose sanctions on Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as Washington looks to ramp up pressure on Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The rare but not unprecedented would come just a day after Russian forces invaded Ukraine, assaulting it by land, sea, and air. It is considered to be the biggest attack by one state against another in Europe since World War Two. On Friday, Russia also vetoed UN Security attempts to condemn Moscow. DON'T MISS:‘Tank wars in Europe are over!’ Embarrassing footage of Boris Johnson[OPINION]Chernobyl: Kremlin tried to deflect blame for disaster onto CIA[ANALYSIS]Russia could eye Baltic states invasion despite NATO support[INSIGHT] But China's abstention from voting on the resolution was seen as a win by the international community and showed Russia's international isolation. The United Arab Emirates and India also abstained from the vote on the US-drafted text. The remaining 11 council members voted in favor.