Prince Harry and Meghan Markle appeared on the stage at the NAACP Image Awards on Saturday to accept the President's Award in recognition of special achievement and distinguished public service. Since moving to California, the Duke and Duchess have made a handful of appearances, but this was a major move in Hollywood as the event had several big celebrities in attendance. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Inbaal Honigman about Meghan and Harry’s interactions with one another and their audience. Meghan began their joint speech by thanking the President for “the incredible honour”. She went on to say how “humbled” they were to “be in the company of so many illustrious awardees”. Harry then took over and wanted to “acknowledge the people of Ukraine” before adding his “gratitude for both for this award and this community for welcoming [him] so warmly”. He added: “I think it's safe to say that I come from a very different background from my incredible wife, yet our lives were brought together for a reason. We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to confront injustice and a belief that the most often overlooked are the most important to listen to.” READ MORE: Queen catching covid has rattled Palace with many 'terrified' Meghan took over and said: “And I couldn't be prouder that we're doing this work together.” She then ended on a personal note with: “My mom's here with us tonight, and we all feel very proud. Thank you.” Inbaal watched the speech and said: “Meghan and Harry stepped out at the NAACP awards over the weekend, where they were honoured with the esteemed President's award. “Eagle-eyed viewers were quick to notice that the normally tactile couple weren't holding hands as usual, choosing instead to walk in the more traditional way of her right hand gripping his left arm, and then standing slightly away from each other while giving their acceptance speech, Meghan slightly further forward than Harry. DON'T MISS...Sophie Wessex’s £105k engagement ring has 'three heart-shaped stones' [PICTURES]Princess Charlene breaks her silence with new statement [NEWS]Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base [OPINION] “To frame the entire occasion, this appearance would have been rehearsed by the couple beforehand, their standing positions determined by a production crew and a director, to allow for ease of reading out their joint statement, arranging appealing camera angles to create a pleasant TV viewing experience, and to best display Meghan's beautiful dress. “Their moves would have been choreographed and their words edited by many other players in the ceremony. “This explains why the usually affable Sussexes look a little stiff and unnatural as they come on to the stage, and while standing together,” she added. “To add a bit emotional context to the proceedings, this awards ceremony is held specifically in aid of social justice activism, and especially to help eradicate discrimination against people of colour. “In this context, Harry, who was born into the highest of privilege, can be forgiven for feeling like a fish out of Palace. “They hit all their marks and read all their words exactly as the script requires - but they leave us plenty of clues about how they feel.” Inbaal explained: “As they approach NAACP president Derrick Johnson who hands Meghan the award, Harry gestures for Meghan to step ahead, and their hands reach for one another, although not quite touching, it is a comforting gesture of love. “Then, Meghan hands Harry the statuette, and her hand goes towards him again, a comforting butterfly-light touch on his arm, very subtly signalling to him where to take his spot. “Their intimacy is evident, even when it's not flaunted, in how natural they find it, to give and receive subtle, nearly imperceptible physical clues from one another.” The expert continued: “While Meghan speaks, Harry's eyes dart around. He is clearly uncomfortable there, on a stage where great social activists stood before him. “He rapidly blinks in royal. His facial nervous clues make it seem like impostor syndrome is hitting. He may be asking himself whether he belongs on that stage at all. “As he reads his speech, however, his face is calm and engaged, his voice deep and sincere, and his eyebrows dart up, emphasising how truthfully committed he is to the causes which he is there to champion. “Every time Meghan and Harry catch each other's eye, they smile broadly, showing their many fans that the marriage is still strong, their love is still alive, and all is well in their family,” Inbaal commented.