Last night, Amazon Prime released the first trailer for their TV series The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power, set thousands of years before the events of JRR Tolkien’s trilogy. And now Warner Bros have announced when their next movie in the franchise, which is totally separate from the latter, will debut. The Lord of the Rings: The War of the Rohirrim is an upcoming anime movie set around 200 years before The Hobbit. The new Lord of the Rings movie will follow the adventures of Helm Hammerhead, the King of Rohan who erected Helm’s Deep, the fortress which featured prominently in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers. According to Variety, the anime film will be directed by Kenji Kamiyama and will be executive produced by Philippa Boyens who was part of the screenwriting team on Peter Jackson’s six Middle Earth movies. Her daughter, Phoebe Gittins and Arty Papageorgiou are penning the script which is based on one by Jeffrey Addiss and Will Matthews. DON'T MISSLord of the Rings cast celebrate 20th anniversary with epic rap WATCH [CAST]Lord of the Rings star hasn't watched trilogy in 15 years – Here's why [LORD OF THE RINGS]Best movie book adaptations UK poll: Harry Potter to Lord of the Rings [BOOKS] Lord of the Rings’ Oscar-winning makeup and visual effects wizard Richard Taylor is also working on The War of the Rohirrim, alongside Tolkien illustrator John Howe. Boyens said: “I’m in awe of the creative talent who have come together to bring this epic, heart-pounding story to life, from the mastery of Kenji Kamiyama to a truly stellar cast [which is soon to be announced].” Warner Bros’s Toby Emmerich said: “The Lord of the Rings films took Tolkien’s masterwork to new cinematic heights and inspired a generation, It’s a gift to be able to revisit Middle-earth with many of the same creative visionaries and the talented Kenji Kamiyama at the helm. This will be an epic portrayal unlike anything audiences have ever seen.” The Lord of the Rings: The War of the Rohirrim is set to be released on April 12, 2024. SOURCE