The palace has broken with royal family tradition over the "rare" statement on the Queen's health according to GB News’ Ellie Costello. Buckingham Palace said on Sunday that Her Majesty was suffering mild cold-like symptoms after testing positive for the virus but was expecting to carry on with light duties. Ms Costello told GB News: "This is really... to hear from a royal household about the Queen's private medical matters on the day that something happens. "She tested positive yesterday and we received that statement at lunchtime so it is very rare. "But I think this is all part of this keep calm and carry on attitude, they let us know that the Queen had tested positive for Coronavirus, but they also said that the symptoms are mild and she would be carrying on with work. "Of course, great efforts have gone to keeping the Queen's safe during the pandemic."  She added: "She spent most of the past two years here at Windsor Castle in HMS bubble that is the nickname that has been given to that reduced household of just twenty staff that have been surrounding the Queen for the past two years and royal sources do say that many of HMS bubble have tested positive in the past week. Buckingham Palace said on Sunday that the monarch had tested positive for coronavirus and is currently experiencing mild symptoms. The Palace added that the Queen expects to continue light duties this week. "The Queen has today tested positive for Covid," said the royal statement. "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week." "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all appropriate guidelines," the Palace added. Her son Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, earlier this month pulled out of an event after contracting coronavirus for a second time. A palace source said the Prince of Wales had met the Queen just days before. DON'T MISSGary Lineker sends classy message to the Queen after Covid update [INSIGHT]Rhiannon Mills hints at how Queen caught Covid following infection [VIDEO]Palace warning to Meghan and Harry: 'Palace will always win' [ANALYSIS] Prime Minister Boris Johnson wished the Queen a "rapid return to vibrant good health". He said in a tweet: "I'm sure I speak for everyone in wishing Her Majesty The Queen a swift recovery from Covid and a rapid return to vibrant good health." Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer tweeted: "On behalf of myself and the whole of UKLabour, wishing Her Majesty The Queen good health and a speedy recovery. "Get well soon, Ma'am."