During his 20 years at Graceland, Elvis Presley allowed his inner circle to enjoy the mansion, however, they would have to be personally invited upstairs to his private space. The King was very protective of his privacy, having a wall with one-way mirrors installed on the first-floor landing, which can be seen from the bottom of the main stairs on the tour today. Following his death in 1977, his daughter Lisa Marie made sure that Graceland’s upstairs would not be open to public viewing, out of respect for her father, when it opened as a museum 40 years ago. Nevertheless, Memphis Mafia members who lived alongside Elvis and Lisa Marie have shared memories of what it was like upstairs at Graceland back in the Seventies. Up there, Elvis had his master bedroom with a huge oversized bed and multiple TVs. He’d keep the room ice cold just as he liked it and would sleep through the day. Next door was his ensuite bathroom where he tragically died of a heart attack on August 16, 1977 at the age of just 42. Also upstairs was Elvis’ office. The King’s desk from that room is currently on display as part of the tour downstairs. There was also another bathroom, his and his girlfriend’s dressing rooms and, of course, Lisa Marie’s childhood bedroom. Since the singer was only awake at night, his daughter and her childhood pals in the Memphis Mafia would have full run of the house during the day and would get up to all sorts of mischief. But there were times when they would all sneak upstairs to Lisa Marie’s room and try and get a peek inside Elvis’s bedroom too. Answering questions on the Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel, Danny Smith (the son of Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith), was asked: “Did you kids have to be quiet during the day when Elvis was sleeping?” He replied: “Very seldom did we ever go upstairs and go to Lisa’s room. We did sometimes. We didn’t have to, we knew to, but going by we would go by his bedroom doors. And always we wanted to just try to slip by quietly to get to Lisa’s room. But I always, always had to try to just glance and look to see if I could see him!” On their other antics, Danny added: “I mean, total honesty, most of the time we were either downstairs in the pool room and TV room or we were outside somewhere on the property doing something. Swimming pool, racquetball court. Riding golf carts, skateboards, bikes. Just whatever we could get into. Most of the time we was not up near or around his bedroom.” The King’s relative was also asked if they ever tried on Elvis’ jumpsuits, which he sadly didn’t get the chance to. Nevertheless, there was something else of the star’s that he did get to wear. DON'T MISSElvis: ‘Army turned King from James Dean into John Wayne’ says friend [ELVIS IN THE ARMY]Elvis movie historical accuracy: ‘Purists are going to be mad’ WATCH [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis 1977 final shows ‘horrifying to watch’ admits ex Linda Thompson [ELVIS DEATH] The Memphis Mafia Kid admitted: “We did try on some belts. They had some downstairs and they were hanging up. Of course, we kind of went through them, looked at them, eyed at them, touched them. But no, we never actually took them down and tried to put on [Elvis’ jumpsuits]. I couldn’t think they would have fit anyway.”