Samuel West, 55, said the UK should lift visa requirements so that Ukrainians seeking refuge from the Russian invasion can find safety. The All Creatures Great and Small actor said dropping requirements would be “the decent thing” and make the British public "proud.” Samuel’s plea came after the official Twitter account for the UK Home Office tweeted a lengthy thread containing information about the visa application process for Ukrainians fleeing to the UK.The statement said the authority had been “planning for the impact that a Russian invasion would have” and have implemented more staff at Visa Application Centres for dependents of UK nationalsIt also informed that temporary centres have been set up in Lviv as well as in neighbouring countries Poland, Moldova, Romania and Hungary.Unimpressed with the Home Office’s efforts, Samuel replied in view of his 86,000 followers: “Make us proud. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid “Do the decent thing, the kind thing, and drop the visa requirement for Ukrainians, like Ireland has.  “Don't make these people jump through hoops.  “They're running for their lives.”Ireland announced on Friday that visa requirements for Ukrainians have been lifted. The country’s Minister for Justice Helen McEntee said the measure will “assist those fleeing Ukraine” and applies to “all Ukrainians who want to travel to Ireland”.  In an earlier tweet, Samuel reposted a clip of the UK Home Office flying Ukraine’s flag.The actor fumed: “Give them asylum or your gesture means nothing. You have the power; use it.”Several MPs have also demanded that the UK ease visa rules for fleeing Ukrainians. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement[LATEST]Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat[INSIGHT]Olly Murs rushed into surgery and forced to pull out of shows[NEWS] Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said those with family in the UK should be able to “swiftly” join them as a “top priority”.  While Meg Hillier, Labour MP for Hackney South and Shoreditch said the government needed to “step up” and stop making in-person consulates a necessity.SNP’s Stuart McDonald said, as reported by Financial Times: “It’s up to the British government to explain why it can’t follow the example of EU countries. “If people have family members [in Ukraine] why make them jump through any hoops at all?” Priti Patel announced on Thursday that Ukrainian nationals in the UK for work, study or visit visas will have their visas temporarily extended or be able to switch onto different visa routes.The Home Secretary said: “We stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine amid this unprovoked and antidemocratic act of Russian aggression."I have immediately ordered changes to our visa policy to provide certainty to our Ukrainian friends and colleagues living, working and studying in the UK.”