Last week it was revealed that the price of going to the pump for motorists had reached a record high in the UK. The development has piled greater pressure on already stretched households, owing to the soaring cost of inflation. In recent months, global supply chain snags have been compounded by concerns that Russia - one of the world's largest oil suppliers - is preparing to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The latest data from the RAC Foundation shows that the average price of petrol is 149.3p per litre - correct as of Tuesday February 22. Just more than a week ago it was revealed that the price of oil reached a record level of $100 (£73.56) per barrel. The RAC has blamed the rise on profiteering by petrol retailers and stubbornly high oil prices created by tension between Russia and Ukraine. Its spokesperson, Simon Williams said: “The relentless rising price of fuel is hurting households up and down the country, furthering the cost of living crisis.  READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 “While the price of oil is still close to $100 a barrel, wholesale fuel prices don’t merit further retailer rises across the board at the pumps. “We realise that smaller retailers who don’t buy fuel as frequently will be hit by higher wholesale costs but the biggest retailers who buy all the time shouldn’t currently be increasing their forecourt prices. “We urge them to play fair with drivers at this difficult time.” So, how does the current petrol cost in the UK compare to countries within the European Union (EU)?  According to figures from carguide.co.uk, it would cost £81 to completely fill up a 55-litre-petrol family car in the British Isles. Its results demonstrate that while the UK’s evaluation isn’t the most expensive, it’s also not the cheapest. Instead, that title falls to Austria where motorists pay £14 less compared with prices in the UK. Switzerland holds the next lowest petrol prices, with a 55-litre car costing £75 to fill up all the way.  DON'T MISS: Cold Weather Payments: Full list of eligible postcodes [INSIGHT]PIP explained: The full list of 19 conditions that may qualify for PIP [EXPLAINED]Fury as schools 'ban teachers from saying mum and dad’ in class [NEWS] The five countries with the most expensive petrol prices are as follows:  In comparison, the UK sits within the middle of the countries ranked by carguide.co.uk - level with Portugal on £81. The EU countries with lower petrol costs than the UK include: 