With just a few simple skincare, beauty, and diet tricks, all women can maintain a youthful appearance, according to Pietro. Skin has been Pietro’s “passion” since he was just six-years-old, and he has devoted his life to the evolution of beauty, skincare and anti-ageing, operating from clinics in London, Rome and Los Angeles and New York. He began: “My entire philosophy is that skin is the theatre of life.” One of his celebrity clients is the much-loved journalist and presenter Lorraine Kelly. The 62-year-old "doesn't really have wrinkles", but Pietro works with her to combat rosacea and redness, and to brighten and tone her skin. Tired of so-called “quick-fixes” that promise women results in minutes, Pietro teaches women how they can care for their skin and see results well into their 50s, 60s and beyond. His first essential tip: “Having a skincare routine is absolutely important. This means having a cleanser, toner, serum, creams and moisturiser. READ MORE: Woman in late 60s shares how she looks 20 years younger “The skin really requires treatment, especially when we are repairing or correcting the signs of ageing.” While many decide to receive treatment from dermatologists, Pietro emphasised that for this to be possible, people need to put in the groundwork at home. “You cannot expect to go and have an injection or laser if your skin is not ready or you aren’t taking care of it. No matter what anybody says, having a skincare routine is absolutely fundamental. "The perfect morning routine is to wash your face with a nice, gentle cleanser. I would definitely use one or two serums, my moisturiser and environmental protector, as well as SPF." Naturally, the sun protection factor "depends on where we live". "If you live in London, where most of the days are grey, SPF 30 is okay. If you live somewhere where the sun is stronger or you go on holiday, SPF 50 is something that I definitely always recommend." But it's not the sun that is the problem: "It's how we act towards the sun that makes the difference. "You're not going to go to the Maldives and apply suncream at 9am and then not apply any more. SPF should be applied every single time that you're going into water, or every couple of hours. "Some people say they don't want to use SPF 50, they want to tan, and I ask them, 'Why do you come to the clinic and spend hundreds of pounds on facials only to waste what we did? "When you burn the skin you have millions of reactions. You have a degradation of collagen, you lose moisture and lots of inflammation comes up. One skincare tool that is worth investing in is a Gua Sha tool blade. "You're going to stimulate the lymphatic system, which will help your face, neck and chest in removing extra toxins." As for nighttime skin regimes, Pietro stated: "That's one of the most important things, because that's the time that your body is actually sleeping and possibly recuperating and repairing itself." "Double cleanse at night, especially if you wear makeup and work in the city. God knows how much pollution you have on your face." Next, a retinol will help boost the production of elastin and collagen, leading to a reduced appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. "And if you have acne, you need to change your pillow every single night no matter what." One way people often go wrong with their skincare routine is over-exfoliating. Pietro dispelled the common skincare myth: “People say that because they exfoliate all the time, they won’t get wrinkles, but that is absolutely not true. When you continuously exfoliating, you're exhausting your skin.” He recommends exfoliating only once every seven or eight days, depending on the individual’s skin type. Additionally, “hydration is extremely important, because without it the functions of the skin do not work in the right way”.