Kate Middleton has had a busy morning, first appearing in a Kindergarten on the outskirts of Copenhagen in a £13 H&M jumper. Now, the Duchess of Cambridge has met Queen Margrethe II of Denmark along with her "doppelganger" Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark. Mary is married to Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark, who is the heir apparent to the throne. For this prestigious event, Kate is wearing the Marine Catherine Walker coat, which perfectly fits her signature chic style. The grey coat is sharply tailored and is a gunmetal colour, made from Birdseye cashmere and wool, according to the Catherine Walker website. The coat has beautiful black lapels and cuffs, based on an 18th century naval frockcoat. READ MORE: Kate Middleton knows her place within Royal Family expert claims Kate appeared to pair this coat with some stunning black stiletto heel shoes from Gianvito Rossi. The Duchess is re-wearing her fabulous earrings and necklace which she wore yesterday during her first day in Denmark. She also wore her Mulberry small Amberley Croc-Effect Crossbody bag for the occasion. The earrings, which feature gleaming pearls dangling from a gold hoop, are from Danish jewellery brand Maria Black. Although born in Denmark, designer Maria Black moved to the UK to attend Goldsmiths University in London.  She is known for her modern, sculptural designs, which also have a personal feel. Kate’s earrings are the designer’s Cha Cha Earrings, which are described on the Maria Black website as “just as vibrant as a real-life Cha-cha”. One earring is on sale for £152, while a pair comes to £304. Although the Duchess’ pearl necklace matches the earrings, it is from a different brand altogether. Featuring a mid-length gold chain and a diamond-shaped freshwater pearl, the necklace is from British jewellery brand Monica Vinader.  The necklace Kate wore to meet the Queen and Crown Princess Mary seems to be the Nura Pearl Necklace, which costs £120 on the Monica Vinader website. However, customers can buy the fine gold chain and the pearl pendant charm separately – the chain costing £50 and the pendant charm coming to £70. Kate's hair was beautifully styled in its normal wavy fashion, and she still had her perfect makeup on from earlier during the day. This includes the Duchess' stunning smokey eye makeup.  Crown Princess Mary, who was described as Kate's "doppelganger" by royal commentator Russell Myers on Lorraine, wore a repeated Chanel white coat and dress, with her Gianvito Rossi pumps and her Dulong earrings. Mary also carried a stunning Diane von Furstenberg foldover suede and leather clutch bag. Royal fans took to Twitter to praise Kate's beautiful style, once again. Twitter user @brigantia_ said: "Love this photo, they all look so beautiful." Another fan, @monamm2175 wrote: "Beautiful royal ladies." Fan account @Mourning_starz added: "I believe Catherine was born to walk in palaces." 