Declan Rice has been linked with the majority of the Premier League's biggest sides in the last year following a spate of seriously impressive performances for England and West Ham over the last 12 months. But with the majority of the richest clubs in the league battling for his signature, Rice has reportedly made his intentions clear as to who he would prefer to join out of frontrunners Chelsea and Manchester United. Rice started his career as a youth player at Chelsea in 2006, having joined the club as a seven-year-old. He remained at Stamford Bridge until 2014, when he was subsequently released by the Blues. West Ham took him on shortly after, and within just three years he made his Premier League debut at the end of the 2016-17 season. With the Blues rekindling their interest in their former academy star, it could have been presumed that Rice would turn down a move back to Chelsea to instead join United. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp must play his cards right over Liverpool's forgotten star  But according to Miguel Delaney's Independent newsletter, the London-born talent still harbours dreams of a return to the Blues. Rice is the midfielder that United have at the top of their transfer list, with Red Devils chiefs reportedly believing that they can snare the player. However, his preference to move to Chelsea may become a stumbling block, although United are a close second in the list for the tireless midfielder. Chelsea are still wary about his ball progression, which was reportedly a key reason for his release back in 2014. JUST IN: Newcastle 'lead Manchester United and Real Madrid' for Serie A star  The Blues also have doubts over whether he has improved enough to warrant the £100million fee that West Ham reportedly require for his services. And this is what has given United hope in the race to sign the England international, with Red Devils chiefs convinced Chelsea will look for a more possession-savvy alternative to Rice such as Monaco star Aurelien Tchouameni. However, even if Rice is willing to move up north, United would still have to agree a fee with their former manager David Moyes for his signature. With Rice being West Ham's biggest asset, the club will reportedly ask for over £100m for him given that Jack Grealish went from Aston Villa - a team who have consistently finished lower in the table than West Ham since their Premier League return in 2019 - to Manchester City in the summer for a similar fee. Yet with Rice's intentions to refuse any form of contract offer the Hammers put on the table, a deal could be agreed this summer or even in a year's time for a lower fee. United face Watford at home on Saturday as they look to prolong their stay in the top four ahead of the Hammers. And Chelsea take on Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley on Sunday.