Logan Mwangi, five, was found dead just 400 metres from his family home in Lower Llansantffraid, Sarn, Bridgend, in July last year. His mother, Angharad Williamson, 30, and her partner, John Cole, 40, are on trial for his murder. A 14-year-old boy who cannot be named for legal reasons is also on trial for his murder. A jury at Cardiff Crown Court heard on the afternoon of July 30, the day before Logan's body was found, a social worker made an unscheduled visit to the address. However, she was told she could not see Logan because he had tested positive for COVID-19 and was self-isolating. According to the Telegraph, prosecutor Caroline Rees QC said Ms Williamson reported Logan as being "a bit up and down". The social worker left just after 20 minutes following a conversation about claiming child benefit, tax credits and disability living allowance. The five-year-old boy was reported missing to police by his mother. His body was then found in a neighbouring park. Ms Rees said: "Logan was described by those who knew and loved him during his short life as a lovely little boy, chatty, polite, kind and caring. "He was five years old when his body was found by police in the River Ogmore in Pandy Park, Bridgend.  "Logan was murdered and each of the defendants played their part in killing him. "Logan would not have stood a chance against any one of these defendants, let alone three of them acting together." She added: "Each were desperate to save themselves and each prioritised their self-preservation over everything else, in particular over the needs of Logan." Ms Rees said the mother falsely reported Logan missing and cried down the phone and sounded as if she was "hyperventilating".  She said: "She appeared to be distressed and as if she were hyperventilating. "This was an elaborate charade." Ms Williamson reportedly tried to blame another woman for "kidnapping" Logan. The court heard Logan had suffered "severe injuries" compared to "a fall from a great height or a high velocity road traffic collision". Ms Rees continued: "Logan had suffered severe injuries to his internal organs and brain. "His brain suffered trauma and he had 56 external injuries including to the head, face, to the trunk, arms and legs." She added: "Logan was disposed of by the defendants as if fly-tipping." Ms Williamson and the youth deny murder and perverting the course of justice. Mr Cole denies murder but admits perverting the course of justice. The trial continues.