Homeware textile designer at Marks & Spencer, Lydia Lloyd, shared two hacks for folding bathroom towels. Lydia, who is known as marksandspencer_lydia on Instagram, is an “M&S Insider” and regularly shares interior and homeware styling tips on her account. Earlier this month she posted a video showing her followers how to neatly bathroom towels. Storing towels can be a difficult task, whether Britons have an abundance of space or just a tiny cupboard. Folding towels neatly and efficiently can be a challenge. Whether people have tons of towels at home, or little storage space, folding is the key. Lydia posted on Instagram: “Good morning! Hope you’re all having a lovely weekend. “Thought I’d share a folding hack with you this morning.” READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould Here are Lydia’s tips for folding towels: The first towel hack she showed was for “the spa towel” way of folding. Lydia said: “It’s great for displaying in your bathroom or if you have guests staying, place them on the bed.” She used a hand sized towel for the hack and began by laying the towel out flat and folded a triangle from the top right corner down. DON'T MISS:Shower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [INSIGHT]When to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [COMMENT]Houseplant care: The ‘key’ to watering plants using the ‘pencil’ trick [EXPERT] Lydia then takes the right side of the towel and folded it over to the left side. She then turned the towel over to the other side that was earlier on the table and proceeded to roll the towel upwards. Reaching the end, Lydia tucked the last part of the towel into itself at the side. The towel she used to show the spa towel trick was the “Patterned Hand towel - T367408D”. The next towel hack Lydia demonstrated was the “organised fold”. She explained how this hack is best for those towels that need “storing away in your cupboards and saves some space”. Lydia began by positioning the towel with one of the narrow ends facing her, before folding it over, away from her. She then turned either side of the towel lengthways inwards. Lydia then rolled the top end of the towel downwards four times. Flipping it over, she found a flap of fabric on the side of the towel. Lydia turned this inside out, wrapping it over the other side, holding the whole towel together. The towel she used to show the organised fold trick was the “Autograph Hand Towel - T367768S”. Fans were quick to praise the towel folding hacks. Charlotte Pollard commented: “So good!”