The NHS confirmed that a lack of vitamin B12 can lead to neurological defects. As such, vision problems, memory loss, and paraesthesia can occur – as can other health issues. Paraesthesia is the sensation of pins and needles in the extremities of the body, such as the hands and feet. Ataxia can also develop, which is when there is a loss of physical co-ordination. Such a deterioration of physical co-ordination can negatively impact the way you speak and walk, causing difficulties. Peripheral neuropathy can also develop, particularly in the legs, which causes numbness, tingling, or shooting pains. Moreover, muscle weakness may develop in the feet, adding to mobility issues. "If neurological problems do develop, they may be irreversible," the NHS warned. READ MORE: Bowel cancer – Two sensations indicative of a growing cancerous tumour – 'don't ignore' Stomach cells are responsible for creating a protein called intrinsic factor. Intrinsic factor is needed to bind to any vitamin B12 that you get from the foods you eat. When intrinsic factor and vitamin B12 are bound together, the gut is able to reabsorb the nutrient into the body. Should intrinsic factor not be present, vitamin B12 is lost alongside faeces. Aside from pernicious anaemia, a gastrectomy – a surgical procedure to remove a part of the stomach – could also lead to malabsorption. Even a diagnosis of Crohn's disease could lead to a vitamin B12 deficiency. What's Crohn's disease? Crohn's disease is a life-long condition whereby the digestive system becomes inflamed. The main symptoms are: diarrhoea, stomach aches and cramps, bloody stools, fatigue, and weight loss. "The symptoms may be constant or may come and go every few weeks or months," the NHS added. While there is no cure for the condition, treatment can be given to help reduce or control symptoms. Treatments might include medication, such as steroid tablets, injections, and surgery to remove a small part of the digestive system. "You'll usually have a team of health professionals helping you, possibly including a GP, a specialist nurse and specialist doctors," said the NHS.