The money saving expert, Martin Lewis was back on television screens on Thursday night for the latest edition of The Martin Lewis Money Show. Mr Lewis urged pensioners to check their eligibility for a key benefit which could boost their income every week. The recommendation came after a viewer of the show emailed in to explain how her parents served as an example of a success story regarding benefit entitlement. Deborah detailed how her parents had successfully claimed various benefits after Mr Lewis had previously discussed them on his show. The email read: “After watching Martin Lewis regarding Attendance Allowance, my mum and dad received £16,300 over three years, until they went into long term care in 2020. “So far, they have also received £5,700 in Pension Credit and received a huge saving of £6,300 for Council Tax, following dad’s diagnosis of Parkinson’s and mum’s diagnosis of Alzheimer’s.” READ MORE: Hundreds of people on UK trial could get £1,600 a month under Basic Income scheme Mr Lewis took the opportunity to remind pensioners they could be missing out by not claiming Pension Credit. He said: “So wonderful to hear, at what is obviously such a difficult stage in life. I just want to focus on the Pension Credit bit though. “Pension Credit is a top up for lower income pensioners and one million eligible pensioners don't claim it in this country. “So if you're a lower income pensioner, or you know someone who is, call the Pension Credit hotline, ask them if you're eligible. DON'T MISSNew state pension guide could explain exactly why you are getting less than you expected [GUIDE]Martin Lewis: Can you beat the hikes – BT, EE, Plusnet, Vodafone, Shell and more? [MARTIN LEWIS]State pension age ‘to soar past 70 as axe falls on triple lock’ [ALERT] “The worst they can do is say ‘no’, but they may say ‘yes’. It could be 10 or 20 quid extra a week, which is important.” The amount provided by Pension Credit can vary depending on an individual’s circumstances. Single pensioners who have an income of less than £177.10 can get a top up to that amount, while couples can get a joint top up to £270.30 per week. However, people who have an income greater than that may still be able to get some support. Britons who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016 and have saved some money towards their own retirement could potentially get an extra £14.04 a week if they are single, or £15.71 if they are in a couple. On top of the income boost Pension Credit provides, it also allows recipients to be eligible for other benefits, such as a free TV licence when they turn 75, Council Tax Reduction and help with heating costs. Applicants will have their income assessed when they apply to determine whether they are eligible for support, and if so, how much they can get. Couples must apply together. Applications for Pension Credit can be made online via the Government website, or as Mr Lewis mentioned, people can also apply by calling the claim line on 0800 99 1234. It is also possible to apply by post. Britons can apply up to four months before they wish to start receiving the benefit, and claims can be backdated for up to three months. The Martin Lewis Money Show continues next Thursday on ITV at 8.30pm.