With the coronavirus pandemic continuously evolving, and vaccine rates rising around the world, many countries are beginning to relax their restrictions for millions of visitors. As such, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) has issued new updates for Spain, France, Italy and Greece. Here is everything Britons need to know before booking their next overseas jaunt. In its most recent update, the FCDO issues new information on requirements for children and young people hoping to enter Spain. As of February 14, Spain dropped its rules for all over 12's to be vaccinated. Now unvaccinated travellers aged between 12 and 17 (inclusive) will be able to enter Spain if they have evidence of a negative COVID-19 test. This should be a COVID-19 nucleic acid amplification test - NAAT (PCR or similar) taken within 72 hours prior to arrival in Spain. Antigen tests are not accepted. People over the age of 17 are only permitted to enter Spain if they are fully vaccinated. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'only way' travellers can get drink for free The FCDO states: "If you’re fully vaccinated and travelling from the UK, you can enter Spain without needing to test or quarantine regardless of your reason for travel. Your vaccination status must meet the Spanish authorities’ validity period requirements. "At least 14 days must have passed since being fully vaccinated (with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a single-dose vaccine) before arrival in Spain. "Your date of vaccination must be specified and your final dose must have been administered within 270 days prior to travel to Spain. "If you completed your vaccination (with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a single-dose vaccine) more than 270 days prior to travel to Spain, you must be able to show proof of having received a booster jab." DON'T MISSNightmare for Britons in Spain as no progress on 90 day rule [INSIGHT]British expats criticised over residency in Spain [COMMENT]Italy expats: New Covid vaccine pass rules for over-50s [EXPLAINER] The most recent update from the FCDO regarding travel to France details specifications for those travelling with children. According to the FCDO: "The French Ministry of the Interior website states that all children under 12 are exempt from all COVID-19 travel restrictions." For those aged between 12 and 18, the same rules apply to those over the age of 18. Fully vaccinated passengers must be able to show evidence of their vaccine records. France accepts the UK's proof of vaccine record, but will not accept NHS appointment cards. The FCDO adds: "Travellers aged over 18 and one month who had their full vaccine course over nine months ago and have not since received a COVID-19 vaccine booster must follow the rules for unvaccinated passengers to enter France." Those who are not vaccinated, including young people under the age of 18, do not need to self-isolate but must show a negative PCR test result taken within 72 hours of departure, or a negative antigen test taken within 48 hours of departure. Most recently, the FCDO issued an update on entry requirements clarifying the length of validity of vaccination. You must present proof that you have been fully vaccinated to enter Italy without quarantine. The FCDO explains: "At least 14 days must have passed since your second dose of the vaccine (or one dose of a single-dose vaccine) before arrival in Italy. Your date of vaccination must be specified and you need to have had a vaccine approved by the European Medicines Agency. "Travellers arriving from the UK can enter Italy with a primary vaccination certificate (both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a one-dose vaccine) which has a validity of 270 days from the date of the last vaccine or a recovery certificate with a validity of 180 days from the date of the first positive test." All travellers, aged six and over, must show evidence of a negative PCR test taken within 48 hours before entering Italy or a negative rapid lateral flow test taken within the 24 hours before entering Italy. Regardless of your vaccination status, anyone arriving in Italy by air, land or by sea may be subject to random COVID testing on arrival. Adult travellers visiting Italy will need to complete a passenger locator form (EU PLF) to enter or travel through Italy as a visitor. Accompanied minors can be registered on the form of the accompanying adult in the declaration section. The FCDO issued a new update to "entry requirements" for Greece on February 15. The FCDO states: "Precise rules are subject to change and you should follow any instructions given on arrival at immigration or airport testing facilities." Currently, passengers arriving from the UK who are fully vaccinated must have had their full course of jabs at least 14 days prior, but not more than nine months. If your vaccinations were received more than nine months ago you are required to have a booster vaccine. Passengers who are not vaccinated must show proof of a negative COVID-19 PCR test taken within 72 hours before entering Greece. Rapid antigen tests from "authorised laboratories" are also accepted, but must be taken within 24 hours before travel. The Greek government also “strongly recommends” that you take either a certified rapid test or certified PCR test on both days two and four after arrival in Greece. The FCDO adds: "You must complete an online Passenger Locator Form (PLF) before arriving in Greece. "The form is in English and is required whichever way you travel to Greece. "Failure to do so in advance may result in your carrier not allowing you to travel, a €500 (approximately £418) fine on arrival or the Greek authorities not allowing you to enter or re-enter the country."