The world's worst fears became a reality in the early hours of this morning when Russian President Vladimir Putin gave the green light for an invasion of Ukraine that has sparked furious retaliation from Western powers. Russia has claimed it is only targeting Ukrainian air bases and other military assets, not populated areas. But the West fears an attack on the capital of Kiev, which has a population of around three million, could result in bloody urban warfare, with civilian lives at risk. Mr Putin warned countries trying to interfere would face "consequences they have never seen", adding Russia has no plans to occupy Ukraine but claimed responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime". Moments later, explosions rang out through Kiev, with blasts reported throughout several other cities. A Ministry of Defence intelligence update had earlier said there had been more than 80 strikes at Ukrainian targets, with ground forces advancing across the border from at least three points, including from the previously annexed Crimea. Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, launched an explosive attack against Mr Putin, warning Russia is "going for the jugular". Speaking before the invasion, he told Express.co.uk: "The reality is Putin means business. "He is an evil monstrous tyrant who has no concern whatsoever for human life. "He is prepared to, if necessary, kill hundreds of thousands of civilians in Ukraine. "This isn't a game - they are going for the jugular." READ MORE: Ukraine war LIVE: 'F*** you doing in our land?' BRILLIANT takedown But Mr Gardiner also warned of even graver consequences if Russia does indeed backtrack on its promise to occupy Ukraine as part of the invasion. He said Russia could expand further by setting their sights on other Baltic states, while Mr Putin could also "test the waters with NATO countries". The foreign policy expert continued: "One of the biggest consequences from this is taking control of the Ukrainian capital of Kiev and to even occupy the entire country. "If Russia gets away with invading and occupying large parts of the Ukraine, in addition to Crimea, they set their sights next on the Baltic states. DON'T MISSBiden ‘past sell-by date’ as he ‘LAUGHS’ during Ukraine briefing [LATEST]Putin in crisis as thousands protest against Ukraine invasion [PICTURES]Boris gets personal: UK strikes at heart of Putin's OWN family [COMMENTS] "It is very dangerous for the West to make any concessions over Ukraine. "If the West does nothing here, Putin could test the waters with NATO countries next." Earlier on Thursday, Boris hit Russia with the "largest and most severe" package of sanctions it has ever faced to punish "blood-stained aggressor" Mr Putin for the invasion of Ukraine. The Prime Minister extended measures announced earlier this week - criticised by many for being too lenient - to hit five further oligarchs, including the Russian President's former son-in-law, and to target more than 100 businesses and individuals. Mr Johnson told the House of Commons he was sanctioning "all the major manufacturers that support Putin's war machine". He said the UK will ban Aeroflot from touching down planes in the country and will freeze the assets of all major Russian banks. The Prime Minister raged: "Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. "He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands. "Now we see him for what he is - a blood-stained aggressor who believes in imperial conquest."