Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield welcomed Matthew and Julia onto Tuesday's This Morning where they discussed the latest news headlines. However, it didn't take long before the debate to take a turn when the ITV guests shared their views on gender-neutral toilets. Julia made her views clear and explained she doesn't think the concept is a good idea. While Matthew completely disagreed as he admitted he wouldn't care about using a gender-neutral toilet. "It is moving the world backwards, I don't know anyone who'd want gender-neutral toilets," Julia argued. "Women don't want them, men don't want them." READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' She continued: "My husband would be horrified to be forced to go to the loo with women there. "I've got a 15-year-old daughter, I want her to know when she goes into the toilet that she's in a safe place. "There's not going to be a man in a cubicle, there's not going to be a man with his tackle out. "This is ridiculous, this is about pandering to some woke nonsense for trans people and I think the vast majority of whom also don't want this." "This is activism and ideology," Julia added. "Men don't want it, women don't want it, let's just stop this nonsense and just go back to how it was." Stepping in to defend the concept, Matthew argued: "I don't know about Julia, but I have a gender-neutral toilet at home. "Men and women use it freely, and I've also taken issue by Julia about what men think." "I don't have a problem," Matthew continued before Julia interrupted: "Do you have strange men in your house?" As the pair began rowing over one another, Matthew hit back: "With respect, you've had your moment..." DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [INSIGHT]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] The debate left viewers divided, and many seemed to both agree with Julia and Matthew's row. However, the guest's views also angered a lot of viewers, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Chris wrote: "Matthew ‘woke’ Wright." Miguel penned: "#ThisMorning how chuffing woke!! Gender Neutral Toilets?! Ditch Gender-Neutral Public Toilets…" (sic) While Ria added: "I'm sure (at least I hope) everyone uses your home toilet in private though, Matthew #ThisMorning." (sic) Sara raged: "If you’re using the toilet at home you know that you’re not sharing the space with a sex offender, or some random man hasn’t planted a phone somewhere to record you. You don’t know that in a public gender-neutral toilet. #ThisMorning." Agreeing with Matthew, Nathan wrote: "#ThisMorning agree with Matthew 100%. As a trans man myself, I don’t feel comfortable in either the males or the females, gender-neutral toilets squash this problem." (sic) Addressing Julia's comments, Ruth said: "I don't see her problem, it was a separate cubicle and urinal." Davies tweeted: "To be fair. I probably wouldn't want my teenager girls in a toilet with fully grown men having a wee." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.