Regretful Courteney Cox, the American actress best known for her work in the sitcom Friends, has spoken out and offered her heartfelt opinions to the world about her experiences with cosmetic tweaks. Courteney, who is now appearing again in the fifth installment of the Scream movies, has admitted constantly chasing her former youth in the past, but says she has learned to become more grounded over time, as her 60th birthday approaches. "Oh God, it’s so hard to even hear or say. I can’t believe it," she told the Sunday Times. "There’s nothing wrong with being 60, I just can’t believe it. Time goes so fast. "There’s no question that I am [now] more grounded. I’ve learnt so much in my life – what to enjoy, what to try to do more of and what to let go of." However, self-acceptance hadn't always come so easy to the Friends star. READ NOW: Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife "There was a time when you go, 'Oh, I’m changing. I’m looking older'," she lamented, "and I tried to chase that youthfulness for years. "I didn’t realise that, oh shit, I’m actually looking really strange with injections and doing stuff to my face that I would never do now... because people would talk about me, I think. "There was a period where I went, 'I’ve got to stop. That’s just crazy.'" Courteney had previously elaborated on her decision to get fillers injected into her face, in an effort to combat the pressure within Hollywood to remain youthful throughout the years. "You need movement in your face [in my profession]... I’ve had to learn to embrace movement and realize that fillers are not my friend," she explained. Meanwhile, on the acting front, fans will soon be seeing Courteney embark on a new project, Shining Vale. The script has been created by Jeff Astrof and Sharon Horgan, the same writers who produced the scripts for Friends, as well as for Catastrophe and This Way Up. Courteney will channel an erotic novelist who experiences terrifying times after moving into a haunted house. Perhaps surprisingly for an actress with decades of experience on multinational TV shows and films, Courteney has opted to hire an acting coach this time around. "I decided to give it my absolute 'A' for effort," she explained. "I can obviously relate to being that age where you’re like, 'Oh wow, I can’t believe I’m right here,' and [asking] what makes you happy. "I understand that midlife stuff completely."