Tottenham boss Antonio Conte and sporting director Fabio Paratici have not always seen eye-to-eye in the transfer market. Indeed, they supposedly had several run-ins while working towards opposing interests in Italian football, but they will have to put their prior differences aside in the summer when Conte will undoubtedly be keen to bring new faces through the door in north London. Conte and Paratici found it tough to flex their transfer muscles last month, seemingly hampered by restrictions from above. Spurs missed out on prime target Adama Traore, and had to sanction four departures before they were able to bring in two players of their own. In the wake of a 'very strange' month, Conte then raised eyebrows by highlighting the notion that Tottenham may even have emerged from January weaker than when they went into it. But the two players they did sign, Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur, have both started well in white, and the former opened the scoring during a sensational win over Manchester City on Saturday. JUST IN: Chelsea 'may pocket' Barcelona transfer windfall due to hidden Azpilicueta contract clause When quizzed on the Swede, Conte took the opportunity to highlight a time when he and Paratici, who previously worked as Juventus sporting director, were plotting against each other in the transfer market. "I asked for him [Kulusevski] when I was at Inter from Juventus," he said. "I opened the idea with Paratici, but he opened the idea to cut [me out of the deal], not to reinforce Juventus, you understand, but to only to damage myself! Because in the transfer market, there is a strategy. "He tried also with [Romelu] Lukaku, Paratici. To buy Lukaku for Juventus because he knew very well that I like him and wanted him in my team. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer - 'It would work'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley 'even if he has one leg'Jurgen Klopp piles pressure on Man City as Liverpool boss talks up title race "It was the same for Kulusevski, but at that time, maybe Juventus were stronger than us in the transfer market." Actively seeking to weaken each other not so long ago, the duo are now working side-by-side in north London, and Conte is keen to instate a similarly nasty streak at the club. The Lilywhites have struggled to impose themselves on the top four since Mauricio Pochettino's departure, although plenty of fans feel as though they are heading in the right direction with Conte at the helm. The Italian has enjoyed huge success with Juventus, Inter Milan and Chelsea in the past, and he discussed the need to implement a change of mentality at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. "A strong team has to become nasty," he added, "During the game, you have to feel the blood of your opponent. "In my opinion, when you go into the game, one lives and another dies. "You have to be available to do everything [possible] – but in a sporting way, but you have to know that the game doesn’t finish with two teams happy.  "This aspect that we’re working on, we need time and patience, but I’m happy because I know with our players, when I tell them something, what I say goes into their heads and doesn’t go in one ear and out the other."