Liverpool goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher has revealed what Jurgen Klopp told him after helping the club win Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Chelsea. Kelleher and Edouard Mendy's strong showings helped keep the score 0-0 after extra-time before Liverpool won 11-10 on penalties. In a hugely-entertaining final between the two English heavyweights, the 23-year-old made four saves, all from shots taken inside the box. Kelleher failed to save one of Chelsea's 11 spot-kicks, with Kepa Arrizabalaga blazing the decisive effort over the bar. However, stepping up last for the Reds, he confidently fired his penalty past Kepa to apply pressure on the Spaniard before his woeful miss. And after full-time, Kelleher revealed the honour he's set to receive at Liverpool for being the goalkeeper for a cup win. JUST IN: Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge He told Sky Sports: "It's a mad one. I got close to a few when it came down to me. I didn't even think I had scored the winning penalty. "I'd forgotten I'd got the winning one. All the lads were class, I was just happy to score; it was more hit and hope. I got close to a few, but all the penalties were very high quality, [and] thankfully we were able to win. "I thought we had scored when we got the disallowed goal, but they had a few disallowed, so I think a draw was a fair result overall. "He [Jurgen Klopp] just said 'well done for scoring the winning penalty, there's a wall with all the goalkeepers on who have won cups so now you can go on that.'" READ MORE: 5 things we learned as Liverpool lift Carabao Cup winning on penalties Liverpool's Carabao Cup triumph was their ninth, a new record after Manchester City's recent success tied them with eight. It was also the Reds' 66th trophy in their history, equalling bitter rivals Manchester United's all-time total. And many supporters will be confident that they will soon surpass the Red Devils as England's most successful club. Kelleher's contribution helped Klopp to his fifth trophy in seven years since becoming Liverpool manager in 2015. The German coach has guided his side to the Premier League, Champions League, League Cup, Super Cup and Club World Cup during his tenure. Only the FA Cup remains to complete his trophy collection at Anfield - and the Europa League, although it's doubtful that Liverpool will be competing outside of Europe's first-tier before his departure. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.