If her appalling record was ever criticised, the woke mob would scream “sexism, misogyny”, and so her incompetence was allowed to continue in the name of destructive political correctness. At heart, I believe Dick to be a decent woman who was given the job for all the wrong reasons but who nonetheless believes ‑ and said so this week ‑ that she’s changed the Met for the good. Which shows just how dangerously deluded she is. For the five years she’s been commissioner she’s been blind, not just to her own disastrous failings, but to those of the people under her command. When a £20million report into the Daniel Morgan murder said the Met was “institutionally corrupt” she simply refused to accept it. She even tried to block the inquiry. What chance did she ever have of changing a corrupt force when she refused to accept that it was? For years she’s trotted out grovelling apologies for a catalogue of disasters on her watch, not understanding it was her catastrophic leadership that allowed them to happen. She has always turned a tin ear to criticism and is forever telling us how fantastic her officers are despite the fact many have been accused of racism, bullying, homophobia, rape threats and one, Wayne Couzens, actually murdered Sarah Everard, using his warrant card to trap her. That alone destroyed women’s confidence in a force supposed to protect them. Yet still Dick stayed telling us everything would change. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t think London’s slimy (Labour) Mayor, Sadiq Khan, forced the commissioner out because he’d lost faith in her leadership. Just three weeks ago, he told her he had full confidence in her. But the fact he didn’t tell a furious Priti Patel he’d sacked her shows there’s some kind of political jiggery pokery afoot ‑ maybe something to do with the fact the Met are investigating the PM over Partygate? But whatever Khan’s game is, the fact remains law and order in the capital has all but collapsed thanks to Dick. even this week she said: “there is no place in the Met for sexism, racism or homophobia”, clearly blind to the fact her force is riddled with it. In another interview she said: “I think about resigning every few weeks and about whether I’m the right person for the job.” Her conclusion was obviously that she was the right person because just hours before Khan sacked her she insisted she wasn’t resigning, adding: “I’m leading REAL transformation in the Met.” That kind of lethal delusion is why she had to go. Even this week, as her toxic force was imploding, she had officers faffing around investigating Wallpapergate and so-called parties at Downing Street. Her list of her failings could fill this whole page, but the worst was Operation Midland ‑ the paedophile witch-hunt where innocent lives and reputations were ruined on the word of a serial liar who’d have been rumbled at the start had the incompetent officers on the case done their job. Sexism and racism (at the Charing Cross nick) was rewarded in some cases by promotion. And when London was brought to a standstill by XR protesters, Met officers danced with them rather than arrested them. All while violent crime soared. Cressida Dick has never been fit for purpose. And the people who put her there knew it because her disasters began long before she got the top job. But on paper her appointment looked “progressive” and she ticked all the woke boxes. Well enough of that. London deserves a Commissioner and a police force that understands that their job is to fight crime not pander to woke sensibilities. And one that will vigorously stamp out corruption and prejudice in its ranks. Nothing less will do. Adele is at the centre of a trans row because at the Brit Awards she dared to say she loved “being a woman and a female artist”. It was in response to a ludicrous decision by woke Brit organisers to dispense with male and female categories so as not to upset trans people, despite the fact it seems to have upset everyone else. Predictably, the singer is now being called a TERF (Transgender exclusionary Radical Feminist) and idiots online want her cancelled. This nonsense has to stop. Why do we allow trans activists to troll, abuse and cancel people who dare to say they enjoy being a female artist ‑ or a female anything else? We’re lucky we live in a society where trans people can live and be who they want. So trans activists have no moral right to be offended by others doing the same. And if they are Adele tough. It's called living in a democracy. The other place where you can’t say or do what you want is called a dictatorship. I thought I’d seen it all in terms of hollywood self-indulgence, but this week actress Thandie Newton (or Thandiwe as she now calls herself) took it to another level when, sobbing, she apologised for not being black enough. Yep, this ridiculous woman wept about the fact that with her light skin she’d stolen roles that should have gone to “darker skinned actresses”. “It’s been very painful to have women who look like my mom feel like I’m not representing them. that I’m taking from them. taking their men, taking their work, taking their truth.” If it was that painful why did she do it? oh hang on, was it because she needed to get rich and famous before she found her principles? On going back to her Zimbabwean name, Newton says dramatically: “I’m taking back what’s mine.” Sorry no one can take your name. She gave it up presumably because she thought, or was told, it was a barrier to her becoming a star. Everything Newton feels guilty about is all down to her. She needs to stop the hysterics ‑ because she’s fooling no one. Liz Truss appears to be using the Ukraine crisis as a way of polishing her credentials as a future PM. A couple weeks ago she posed fetchingly atop a tank wagging her finger at Putin. This week she replicated Thatcher’s famous fur hat photo in Red Square. That was just before Russian foreign secretary Sergei Lavrov humiliated her by walking off stage during a press conference, slamming her for “moralising and issuing ultimatums” over Ukraine. I'm with Sergei here. Truss is out of control. Yes, she has Thatcher’s schoolmarm manner. Sadly she has none of her charm, brains, courage or her strategic genius. Which makes her a bit of a liability when a country’s on the brink of war. Katie Piper collected her well-deserved OBE this week. Looking fabulous as always, this remarkable young woman, who suffered life-changing burns and is partially blind after a 2008 acid attack, was honoured for services to charity and victims of disfigurement injuries. And about time too! What happened to her would have finished off most people. But after God knows how many agonising ops she got back up and created an incredible and meaningful life for herself. She has a gorgeous husband, two daughters, she’s not consumed by bitterness or “Why Me?” and she has changed attitudes to disfigurement in the most profound way. Hats off to her! What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Kurt Zouma and his brother Yoan are cruel monsters. West Ham defender Kurt drop-kicked his cat, smacked its terrified little face and threw things at it while chasing it around his kitchen and all the while his moronic brother looked on laughing and filming it. and it all happened in front of his young son who’ll grow up thinking cruelty to animals is cool “cos Daddy does it”. This vile pair can apologise as much as they like, West Ham can fine Zouma £250,000 (small change to him) and the RSPCA can prosecute, which I hope it does. But none of it changes what these men are. Normal decent people don’t do this to helpless animals. Studies show those who are cruel to animals are five times more likely to be violent to humans. It’s a “predictor” of future behaviour. So God help West Ham with their multi-million-pound signing because who knows what else he’s capable of? as for West Ham ‑ shame on the club and its weasel manager David Moyes, who clearly didn’t give a stuff either because they played Kurt Zouma even after the film of his cruelty went viral. They only reacted when they saw the public revulsion and the backlash from appalled sponsors (money talks eh?) Zouma might be good at kicking a ball about but as a human being – he’s scum!