Chelsea would have to sell one of Romelu Lukaku or Timo Werner if they want to sign Lille star Jonathan David this summer, according to reports. Both Lukaku and Werner have struggled under Thomas Tuchel this season. And David could be targeted as a replacement for one of them. David is set to line up for Lille against Chelsea in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday. The Canada international has been linked with big-money moves to the Premier League in recent months. He has 12 Ligue 1 goals to his name in 25 appearances this season which has earned him a reputation as one of the brightest young talents in Europe. Chelsea are among the teams interested in signing David this summer. JUST IN: Paul Scholes claims only one Man Utd player would get into Klopp's Liverpool team  However, Goal says they would have to move on one of their current forwards first. Lukaku is Chelsea's record signing following his £97.5million return from Inter Milan last summer. However, he has just five Premier League goals to his name so far this season. Werner, meanwhile, is out of favour under Thomas Tuchel having started just six league matches this term. DON'T MISSChelsea expected XI vs Lille after Thomas Tuchel's revelation about six stars [TEAM NEWS]Mohamed Salah sent Kenny Dalglish message as Liverpool star warned over Anfield exit [QUOTES]Why Man Utd have never appointed Diego Simeone as manager despite Atletico Madrid success [COMMENT]  Liverpool and Arsenal have also been linked with David. The 22-year-old recently said a move to the Premier League is on his agenda. "I'm under contract at LOSC," David told Telefoot. "The most important thing for me is to finish the season as well as possible. What happens after that, we will see.  "But the Premier League attracts everyone. It is the most competitive league in the world. It is a really good league." The player's agent Nick Mavromaras has also spoken of David's desire to play in the Premier League one day. Though he admitted there could also be other options on the table. "For us, the objective is to finish the season in Lille, but it will be his last season there for several reasons," Mavromaras told Radio Canada's Tellement Soccerpodcast in December.  "I think the Premier League is a great option for him. I think he likes Spain a lot too because he likes the feel of the ball and the very technical players. "These two leagues are a big priority for him, but we are not ruling anything out. "You never know with Paris Saint-Germain or the big Italian clubs."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here