A new survey by the ifo Institute for Economic Research, a Munich-based research firm, has predicted a huge swathe of price increases across the country over the next three months as Germany’s reliance on Russian gas and oil turns against them. The firm warned this morning that German inflation may reach as high as five percent for 2022.  Timo Wollmershäuser, head of forecasts at ifo, said: “Russia’s invasion of Ukraine may drive gas and oil costs even higher, with a subsequent effect on many other consumer prices. “Right now, it’s becoming more likely that the inflation figure for the whole of 2022 will start with a five rather than a three.” The index of price expectations recorded a new high of 47.1 points for the month of February. This marks a steady increase in prices from 44.7 points in December and 46.1 in January. These “enormously high” values are true of all sectors of the Germany economy.  It was extremely significant for retail, which saw a total of 63.3 points - with food retail reaching a massive 85.9 points. Wholesale was soon after with 62.4, and industry with 55.8 points. The only sector to see a price decline was service providers, with a small decrease from 41.9 to 38.6 points. The points for price expectation indicate the percentage of companies that intend to increase prices on balance - comparing those companies which intend to raise their prices with those that don’t. One hundred points for a sector would indicate every company in that sector intends to increase their prices. It does not take into account how much the company aims to increase their price.  READ MORE: Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT] The high number of price increases can be partly attributed to Germany’s reliance on Russian gas. The country receives 55 percent of its gas imports from Russia. Germany recently cancelled plans for Nordstream 2, a second pipeline from Russia to supply them with gas. Dmitry Medvedev, the former Russian president and prime minister who is now deputy chair of the country's Security Council, taunted Germany for the move in a tweet. He said: “Well. Welcome to the brave new world where Europeans are very soon going to pay €2.000 for 1.000 cubic meters of natural gas!" Hanns Koenig, energy market analyst at energy consultancy Aurora, told Politico the threat would mean “more than doubling the price level of the last few days, which is already exceptionally high".  DON'T MISS: People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [INSIGHT]‘Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia - warns of MILITARY action [ANALYSIS] ‘Nonsense!’ Peston savaged for ‘blaming Brexit’ [REVEAL] Mr Koenig said: "However, I suspect he simply wanted to quote a high number — I don’t interpret that as a specific price target, but rather a signal that Russia is willing to keep the European gas market tight for years to come.” Despite the cancellation of Nord Stream 2, the first Nord Stream, created in 2011, still provides Germany with a lot of its gas from Russia. Speaking at the Munich Security Conference this past weekend, German chancellor Olaf Scholz said that "we all have to work very hard to produce a situation where we have alternatives" to energy imports from Russia. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 