  Cinematographer Halyna Hutchins was tragically shot and killed by a live bullet during the filming of Western movie Rust last October in New Mexico. Actor and producer Alec Baldwin was holding the gun that killed her, but has always maintained he did not pull the trigger.      Hutchins, 42, was killed after a live bullet fired from the gun, while director Joel Souza was also injured in the incident. Souza, 48, was taken to hospital after being hit in the shoulder by the bullet and was later discharged. Baldwin, 63, is facing legal action after the lawyers for Hutchins’ family decided to file a wrongful death lawsuit against the actor last week. In a recent update, however, Santa Fe District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies has stated she believes it could be possible Baldwin did not pull the trigger on the gun that killed the cinematographer. READ MORE: Countryfile's Adam Henson 'essential' part to relationship with wife     In December, Baldwin made the claim to ABC News, insisting he never pulled the trigger that caused the fatal accident. In light of this, the DA told Vanity Fair she had been investigating the actor’s claim in an eye-opening new interview. She has reportedly launched an unofficial investigation of her own to test Baldwin’s claims that he had only pulled back the hammer of the gun before it went off. “You can pull the hammer back without actually pulling the trigger and without actually locking it,” Carmack-Altwies explained.      “So you pull it back partway, it doesn’t lock, and then if you let it go, the firing pin can hit the primer of the bullet.” “I didn’t know too much about guns, certainly not about 1850s-era revolvers,” she added. “So when I first heard that, I was like, ‘Oh, that’s crazy’.” The DA went on to reveal she had asked a member of her investigating team to bring the old-fashioned revolver to her office for testing. READ MORE... David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT] Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE]      Carmack-Altwies was keen to determine whether a mechanical malfunction could have caused the weapon to go off, as opposed to the actor pulling a trigger on a gun that was supposed to be loaded with blanks. According to the attorney, the test that she carried out on the weapon revealed the hammer could have caused the live round to fire. She also clarified that, during her investigation, she had a team clear the room and two experts check over the gun to ensure it was loaded before testing. While the results of the investigation might help to back up Baldwin’s claims, official results from an FBI analysis of the weapon are still pending.      During his ABC News interview in December, Baldwin described how the accident had occurred whilst he was staging a scene alongside Hutchins during rehearsals. Remembering the cinematographer talking him through the scene, the actor said: “She says to me, 'Hold the gun lower. Go to your right. Okay, right there. Alright, do that. Now show it a little bit lower.' And she's getting me to position the gun. “She's guiding me through how she wants me to hold the gun for this angle. I'm holding the gun where she told me to hold it, which ended up being aimed right below her armpit." Baldwin went on to insist that, while he did not pull the trigger, he cocked the gun under direction and a shot was fired after he let go of the hammer. “I let go of the hammer of the gun, and the gun goes off. I would never point a gun at anyone and pull a trigger at them,” the actor stated.   