Kate Middleton and Prince William are already parents to three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. But could the Cambridges be expanding their family? The Duchess of Cambridge has teased that she makes Prince William "worried" as she joked about feeling "broody" on a royal trip to Denmark.  The royal-mum-of-three was in Copenhagen for her two-day working visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which she launched last June. After she met with parents and their babies at the Børnemuseet, the Children's Museum in Frederiksberg, she joked she was feeling "very broody" and her husband is often "worried" about her working with young children. She jested: "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. “I come home saying 'let's have another one'."  READ MORE: Aldi has 30% off Specialbuys - here are our top picks from the sale But what sort of parent is Kate Middleton? Speaking to Express.co.uk, Danielle Haig, Principal Psychologist from DH Consulting, said: “The overt affection that William and Kate show towards their children is most definitely unusual for the British Royal Family. “But my, how wonderful it is to see. “As a psychologist, it is well known that children need to feel affection, love and safety from their parents to truly thrive and be happy in life.  “To be kept at an arm’s length and not shown affection as a child, can have all sorts of negative impacts on a child psychologically and emotionally.” Danielle explained that it is “healthy” to be affectionate as a family, especially one in the public eye. She added: “I’m glad that Kate and William feel comfortable enough to display this playfulness with their children to the world. “It seems that protocol in the Royal Family is softening and evolving with the times. “With the amount of influence that the royal couple have, our future King and Queen are setting a great example to other parents to unapologetically enjoy their time with their children.  “I feel like they are showing the world that they are just like us and they are progressing the behaviours and attitudes of Princess Diana in their openness with their parental affections.” Last summer, Prince George was seen watching the UEFA Final 2020 with both of his parents. Sitting in the middle of Kate and William, body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk that the couple approached George in ways to help boost his “confidence”. She said: “Kate and William tended to approach their son rather than the other way around and again this will help increase his feelings of importance and confidence.” In one photo William could be seen bending down to speak to George, a technique which the couple have used for several years.  Other Royal Family members including Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward have also used the parenting technique of bending down to eye-level when speaking to their children. According to Leon Hady of Guide Education, this is done so to “built trust”. He said: “Being close, at eye level, speaking with a reassuring tone creates a feeling of understanding and closeness that assures a child and makes them feel connected better to the parent. “Very good, supportive practice.” 