Civil flights will now be restricted into Ukraine amid tensions with the Kremlin as an estimated 200,000 Russian troops gather by the border. Passenger flights over Kiev, Dnipro, Lviv, Odessa and Simferopol have been restricted, it has been reported.   Flightradar24 first reported the situation, stating: “Per NOTAM, flights by civil aircraft are now restricted inside Ukraine. “Flights are affected due to potential hazard for civil aviation.” Meanwhile, other reports reveal currently only three aircrafts are above Ukraine at present. These include an American reconnaissance flight and two passenger ones. READ MORE: Russia could launch 'full invasion' of Ukraine before night ends This comes as 10 airlines suspended flights to the eastern European nation. Latvian-based airline airBaltic has suspended overnight flights to Ukraine, while Germany's airline Lufthansa announced it was cancelling all flights to the nation. Lufthansa's suspension is expected to remain in place until the end of February. A spokesperson said: “The safety of our passengers and crew members is our top priority at all times.” DON'T MISSGB News: Dan Wootton relieved 'Putin appeasing' Corbyn not in charge [REVEAL]Ex-NATO Secretary-General slams Russia as tensions rise [UPDATE]Peston: Tory MP stands firm against UK troops in Ukraine [INSIGHT] Scandinavian company SAS also suspended weekly flights, however, Air France only cancelled their Tuesday flights between Paris and Kiev as a “precautionary measure”. Fears over passenger flights follow the tragic event in 2014 when flight MH17 was shot down over Ukraine. The incident occurred on July 17, 2014, and international investigations concluded pro-Russian rebels shot the plane down over eastern Ukraine using a missile. The plane was hit by an outside explosion which was caused by a Russian-made Buk missile, an investigation by the Dutch Safety Board found in October 2015. The following year, international investigators found evidence that showed the missile had been brought in from Russian territory by Russian-backed separatists. Moscow has denied any involvement and responsibility. 