Dr Michael Mosley is a weight loss guru, popularising diets such as the 5:2 diet, intermittent fasting, The Fast 800 and most recently, The Fast 800 Keto. In his TV show, Lose a Stone in 21 Days with Michael Mosley the doctor shared show to get shredded through exercise. Abs are built in the kitchen, but another essential component of weight loss is exercise. Lockdown living is over, but many have struggled to get moving post-pandemic, with more people working from home and used to a sedentary lifestyle. Indeed, one of Dr Michael’s volunteers stated: “Since lockdown, I’ve definitely let myself go. I can see it in the mirror, and I can see it on my face. “I’m glad I don’t have to wear my work shirts anymore because a lot of them wouldn’t fit me.” READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group For those who are overweight or obese, an 800 calorie three- week diet serves as a “rapid” weight loss method, but this must be complemented with exercise. Dr Michael shared the startling statistic: “Even before Covid, more than a third of adults in the UK were not doing enough exercise. “Lockdown surveys have shown that half of us are doing less than before.” Here’s how to incorporate exercise and get back on track. Exercise is crucial when partnered with a calorie restricted diet, as it is “critical for maintaining muscle mass”. He explained: “One of the organs in your body which is worst affected by obesity is your heart.” This is because being obese puts a great deal of pressure on it. To combat heart problems, weight gain and just aid general fitness, the NHS recommends two and a half hours of moderate exercise a week. Alternatively, dieters can get their exercise for the week out of the way in one or two hits with 75 minutes of “vigorous exercise”. According to Harvard University, moderate exercise may include a brisk walk heavy cleaning, a light cycle, or a game of tennis, while vigorous exercise may be hiking, jogging at six miles per hour, fast cycling, or playing football. To get an idea of his volunteers’ general health, Dr Michael challenged his volunteers to a test, stating: “Studies have shown how long you can stand on one leg with your eyes closed is a good predictor of life expectancy.” He revealed that “balance is very important, and it tends to go down with age”, so dieters aged 50 plus would do well to reach eight seconds. Another test of strength and fitness is the “hugely underrated press-up”. Dr Michael stated: “The more muscly you are, the more calories you burn.” And as slimmers get older, starting as young as 30-years-old, muscle mass begins to decrease if they don’t do resistance training. “You will lose around five percent of your body mass every decade that goes by.” It is therefore essential to prioritise exercises designed to work the major muscles of the body, such as press-ups, squats, star jumps and even jogging on the spot. Exercise also speeds up the metabolism, which is crucial for weight loss.