Oxford is introducing its Zero Emission Zone (ZEZ) on February 28 and will see vehicles charged based on the emissions they release. Most vehicles, including petrol and diesel cars, will need to pay a daily charge, although the scheme will not ban any vehicles from being used in the zone. Charges will apply from 7am until 7pm and will be in operation all year round, with the charge covering the entire day so a vehicle can enter and be used within the area on multiple occasions each day. Vehicles which emit less than 75g of CO2 per kilometre are categorised as “ultra-low emission vehicles” (ULEV) will be charged £2 from February 28, 2022, with charges rising in August 2025 to £4. Low emission vehicles will need to pay £4 per day, which includes vehicles with four or more wheels that meet the Euro 4/IV petrol or Euro 6/VI diesel standard. All other vehicles which do not meet any of those standards will see charges of £10 per day, which rises to £20 in August 2025. READ MORE: Today at the Caravan Show looks at a 'stunning' £750k static caravan Certain exemptions apply for vehicles in the charging zone including classic cars, hackney carriages licensed by Oxford City Council and agricultural vehicles like tractors and gritters. Electric vehicles will not need to pay a charge. It is hoped the ZEZ will encourage people to switch to low and zero emission vehicles, as well as make other positive changes to their travel behaviour. Andy Marchant, TomTom traffic expert, commented on the effect the Oxford ZEZ will have on the city and its emissions. DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel prices hit new record high as drivers warned [WARNING]Used car prices hit all-time high as costs could continue to rise [SHOCKING]Motorists may be able to continue driving without licence [INSIGHT] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The acceleration of public programmes that aim to tackle increasing traffic emissions, such as low emission zones (LEZs), have proven essential to supporting the UK’s ambition to reach net zero by 2050. “In fact, our data reveals that London's Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) reduced CO2 emissions in the capital by up to five percent, PM emissions by 40 percent and NOx emissions by 53.6 percent. “LEZs are particularly beneficial for regulating the flow of traffic to ensure that drivers of polluting vehicles are disincentivised from driving into city centres, while EVs can travel freely. “Yet, LEZs will likely become less important as the volume of EVs increases naturally in line with other regulations that ban the sale of diesel and gasoline vehicles.” The ZEZ is being introduced in two phases, with the first phase having a small pilot area of operation that will allow the council to test how the scheme will work before expanding to a wider area in the second phase. The plan for a zero emission zone in Oxford was identified in 2015, with a formal consultation being held at the end of 2020 following a delay because of the pandemic. With more UK cities introducing emissions-based charging zones, many industry experts have predicted that electric vehicle uptake in those areas will continue to increase. Mr Marchant continued, saying: “When EVs become the norm, there won’t be any emissions-based restrictions preventing them from entering cities. “There’s the possibility that this will lead to an increase in inner-city congestion, even if it generates zero-tailpipe emissions. “It’s an issue that shouldn’t be overlooked by city planners. “If that becomes the case, we can expect more cities to introduce more stringent congestion charges, taking the place of LEZs to influence the movement of traffic.” Oxford City Council has kept the door open for further changes to the ZEZ, including further measures being brought in, especially if there are congestion concerns in the coming years.