Residents of Saltash in Cornwall are annoyed by the ridiculous parking spaces and are questioning what the planners and builders responsible were thinking of. Although the spaces have prompted a mix of anger and hilarity, some have questioned the real purpose of the bays. The Belle Vue car park has become something of a talking point on the town’s Facebook group with motorists discussing whether the spaces are actually meant for cars. While some suggested that they were intended to be used sideways, others pointed out that they weren’t big enough for that either. Although there are spaces large enough for cars elsewhere in the car park, none of the spaces along the wall are sufficient. Some users jokingly suggested that drivers risked a ticket for not staying between the lines. READ MORE: New Oxford car tax zone may lead to 'stringent congestion charges' Under British Parking Association rules, off-street bays should be 2.4 metres wide by 4.8 metres long. It states: "These dimensions are neither minimum nor written in tablets of stone, and may be revised to suit your particular needs, but remember that good access and wider bays aids efficient use of the parking area. "Some car parks are now designed with a thick coloured outline around the bays, an area to enable better access." Readers of Cornwall Live were bemused by the spaces, with some offering ideas on how to fix the situation. DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [ANALYSIS] One user wrote: “Parking charges should reflect the space occupied by a vehicle. “The larger the vehicle, the higher the rate. “This would encourage people to drive smaller cars around towns to park while the 'Chelsea tractors' would have to pay much more." Another said simply, “They probably forgot to bring a measuring tape.” According to Cornwall council, drivers can use the car park for £31.10 per week, although this doesn’t guarantee a space. It also doesn’t seem to offer a discount if the driver can only fit half their car in a space. It does state however that motorcycles can park for free, which was one suggestion as to why the spaces are so small. However, according to the council website those spaces should be designated. Councils risked the anger of drivers around the country at the end of last year as it was revealed they now make £45million annually from parking fines. UK councils collect £5,083 every single hour from parking offence penalty charge notices (PCN) according to research. Islington Council alone makes almost £30,000 per day from an average of 623 parking tickets per day. And Manchester collects around £13,000 per day from PCNs.