Both Paris and Brussels have revealed they will be limiting cars entering their city centres, with Brussels’ car ban coming in as soon as August this year. The ‘low traffic zone’ in Belgium’s capital will favour pedestrians and cyclists with some public transport. Meanwhile Paris will introduce a ‘tranquil zone’ that bans cars in its historic centre from 2024. Both car bans are further signs that major cities across the world are moving faster than thought to lower emissions. London’s ULEZ zone expanded last year and Sadiq Khan aims to further expand it to all boroughs. And Oxford this month became the first city to become a ‘Zero Emissions Zone’ with all cars charged to enter. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique Brussels “Good Move” plan aims to "redirect traffic that does not necessarily have to be in the neighborhood to its destination or to one of the public car parks via the external axes", and allow for more pleasant "living, shopping and walking". Bart Dhondt, the council's alderman for mobility and public works, said: "What we're aiming for is to create an accessible and attractive city for everyone: residents, tourists and workers." The scheme was approved by the city’s council on Thursday last week and will come into effect in August. It will consist of one-way streets and limited-access zones to restrict car use through the centre. DON'T MISSDrivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [WARNING]Major UK city set to ban all vehicles at certain times with £50 fine [SHOCKING]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT] Paris, meanwhile, will put most of its historic centre under strict zoning laws from 2024. Private vehicles will be banned in favour of pedestrians, cyclists and public transport with some allowances made for tradespeople. The aim is to "reduce the volume and speed of motorized vehicles in the area to facilitate and secure travel on foot and by bicycle". While the technology is put in place to enforce the laws, random checks will be made by police. In the UK this week, Birmingham said it would be banning all vehicles from certain areas. Birmingham City Council announced the plans for its Car Free School Street scheme which allows children to commute safely to school. Drivers face a £50 fine for breaking the rules which apply at 17 different school sites around the city. Birmingham City Council’s Travel Demand Manager, Peter Edwards said: “The continued expansion of car-free school streets across Birmingham is particularly beneficial to children. And last month Berlin in Germany revealed it is considering plans to become the largest car-free urban space in the world. Campaign group Berlin Autofrei has proposed a law to limit private car use within the Ringbahn train line in the German capital, an area of 34 square miles. If successful, the law would limit vehicle use to those with special exemptions, such as delivery vehicles, emergency services or people with disabilities. Residents would only be permitted to use a car or van up to 12 times a year, for special circumstances such as moving house.