Known as 'Hank the Tank', the 500lb black bear was being hunted in Lake Tahoe after more than 30 properties were raided over recent months. Authorities were worried the massive bear had grown too used to humans and even posed a risk he would have to be killed when captured. However, according to the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, DNA evidence has shown the break-ins and other incidents were the work of at least three bears. The organisation said it would begin trapping bears in South Lake Tahoe area to tag them and collect evidence for genetic analysis. They also confirmed they would not harm any of the bears it captured and will instead release them into a "suitable habitat". It is believed the bears are responsible for more than 150 incidents in the region straddling Nevada and northern California. One incident included a break-in at a home in Tahoe Keys last week. During the incident, a bear smashed a window and squeezed through a small gap to enter the house while the residents were inside. Police lured the animal back outside by banging on the outside of the house and it disappeared into the woods. The Bear League - a group campaigning for the peaceful co-existence of humans and bears - fought to save Hank from a possible death sentence. READ MORE: WATCH: Horrifying moment huge black bear terrorises hikers They blamed his intrusions on residential neighbourhoods who did not manage their rubbish properly. The California Department of Fish and Wildlife urged residents to store food and waste responsibly to deter unwanted visitors. A bear attack is an attack by a bear on another animal, although it usually refers to a bear attacking a human or domestic pet such as a dog. Bear attacks are of particular concern for those who are in bear habitats. DON'T MISS Circus horror as Russian bear mauls trainer in front of terrified [REVEAL] Hunters mauled by grizzly bear in shock attacks at Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Russia bear attack: ‘Mummy’ victim's REAL identity revealed [COMMENT] They can be fatal and often hikers, dogs, hunters, fishers and others in bear country take precautions against bear attacks. Almost all recorded bear attacks in the wild have resulted from a human surprising the bear. Hunters are the people most at risk of bear attacks. Tom Smith, a US Geographical Survey research biologist, said: "Hunters typically aren't making any noise, and they sleuth around while wearing camo." According to Stephen Herrero in his 'Bear Attacks: Their Causes and Avoidance', 23 people were killed by black bears from 1900 to 1980. The number of black bear attacks on humans is higher than those of brown bears, though this is largely because black bears outnumber brown bears rather than being more aggressive. Compared to brown bear attacks, violent encounters with black bears rarely lead to serious injury and death. However, the majority of black bear attacks tend to be motivated by hunger rather than territoriality, and thus victims have a higher probability of surviving by fighting back rather than submitting. Unlike grizzlies, female black bears do not display the same level of protectiveness toward their cubs, and will seldom attack humans in their vicinity. However, it is a very common occurrence for the American black bear to take food from campsites, and even from time to time break into people's homes to get food.