Demonstrations took place in dozens of cities around the globe yesterday, demanding an end to Russia’s invasion of an independent, democratic country. The protests were aimed not so much at Russia and its people as the actions of an evil man, of the kind that we have not seen since the rise of Adolf Hitler in the 1930s. Yes, there have been tyrants in the recent past, such as Saddam Hussein, but none with such lethal firepower to cause carnage on an almost unimaginable scale. And how does Vladimir Putin respond? By raising the stakes further by putting his nuclear deterrent forces on special alert as a result of what he dares to call Nato “aggression”. ------------------------------------------------- What planet is this despot on? Sadly, he is on ours and that’s why he has to be dealt with in the toughest possible fashion. Belatedly – but thankfully – that now seems to be the policy of the free world, with the West moving to freeze the assets of Russia’s central bank and cutting Russia out of Swift, the international payment system. It is also right that Russia should be banned from all international sport. Yes, these measures mean subjecting the Russian people to severe hardships but it might also encourage them eventually to overthrow this war-mongering dictator. That is one hope, albeit a slim one given the speed with which Russian police have been clamping down on demonstrators and slinging them in the back of vans. Another hope is that the peace talks announced by Ukraine’s defiant president Volodymyr Zelensky could be a first step towards a de-escalation of the violence. Mr Zelensky said the two delegations will meet “without preconditions” on the Belarus border. ------------------------------------------------- But can we trust a word the Kremlin says? We doubt it. That’s why we applaud moves by Germany and other EU countries to increase their military might and why more deployments are urgently needed from all Nato countries, particularly in and around the vulnerable Baltic states. Putin has played his hand and the whole world can see that it is a bloody one. He and his cronies have become pariahs – and they must be treated as such. Mrs Thatcher once said the former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev was “a man we can do business with” and within a few years the Iron Curtain came down and the Cold War was brought to an end. Putin, however, is not a man we can do business with. He longs to re-erect the Iron Curtain and assert his sphere of influence in countries that fought bravely to be free from the Soviet Union. He must be shunned by the international community and then brought to justice. Putin is a war criminal.