Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher have been snubbed by Christian Horner after the Red Bull chief was asked to name the five drivers he would invite to his dream party. Hamilton and Schumacher lead the all-time F1 title standings, with the aces each winning seven championships. Hamilton was moments away from claiming a record eighth title last season, before Max Verstappen tasted glory following a controversial end to the season-decider in Abu Dhabi. The Briton is regarded as one of the best drivers in the history of the sport and will get a second bite of the cherry in his quest to move clear of Schumacher this season. Schumacher, meanwhile, dominated F1 for years as he claimed back-to-back titles with Benetton in 1994 and 1995, before winning another five on the bounce with Ferrari between 2000 and 2004. But despite the success of the two superstars, Horner insists he would prefer to be in the presence of five other F1 heroes. “I was a big Ayrton Senna fan so I would want him there,” Horner told talkSPORT. JUST IN: Christian Horner opens up on battling Mercedes' top lawyers while 'sticky with champagne'  “I think going back through the generations a little bit, someone like a Colin Chapman, who created and built Lotus. “Nigel Mansell was a boyhood hero of mine. Jim Clarke - another phenomenal driver from a bygone era. “And then I would have Max [Verstappen] there to bring it into the latest generation. “You could have an enormous party and keep going and going.” DON'T MISS:How Michael Masi reacted to FIA axe as 'personal friend' relays private text messageFIA respond to claims that Mario Andretti's son has applied to enter new F1 teamRacing driver fined £17k for 'urinating behind a post' during red flag break  Horner struggled to stop at five, with David Coulthard also soon entering the conversation. “David was my first driver and he is still an ambassador to the team,” Horner added. “He is the godfather to our son and is still an important part of our team.” It is perhaps unsurprising that Hamilton was overlooked, given the fact the Mercedes driver is the nemesis of Red Bull star Verstappen. But the Briton would surely get an invite to most F1 parties. Hamilton is unlikely to be fazed by Horner’s rejection and will be in no mood to party anyway.   The 37-year-old was tipped to retire after his disappointment last year but will return to the track when the new season gets underway in Bahrain next month. Hamilton has a new team-mate at Mercedes after George Russell was brought in to replace Valtteri Bottas. And with a new energy in the Silver Arrows team, Hamilton will be hoping to get revenge on Verstappen after last season’s fiasco and finally land that elusive eighth championship. 