The Champions League final will be moved from St Petersburg in Russia following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. UEFA confirmed their decision to no longer stage the final in Russia just hours after calling for an emergency meeting.  UEFA delegates are due to meet on Friday in an emergency meeting following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. On Thursday, Russian forces launched a major military attack on their neighbouring country, with reports of missile strikes and explosions near major cities. The Champions League final was scheduled to take place in the Russian city of St Petersburg, while there are World Cup play-offs coming up between Russia and Sweden and Scotland and Ukraine which will be affected by the invasion. UEFA are due to address all these issues when they gather in an extraordinary meeting tomorrow and have announced ahead of that meeting that the May 28 showpiece will no longer be staged in Russia. The organisation released a statement on Thursday which read: "Following the evolution of the situation between Russia and Ukraine in the last 24 hours, the UEFA President has decided to call an extraordinary meeting of the Executive Committee for Friday 25 February at 10:00 CET, in order to evaluate the situation and take all necessary decisions. "Further communication will be made after the meeting of the UEFA Executive Committee."  Just a few days ago Prime Minister Boris Johnson insisted there is no way that the Champions League final could conceivably take place in St Petersburg given the current situation. Reports earlier in the week suggested Wembley could be considered to host the final. Johnson told the House of Commons: “A Russia that is more isolated, a Russia that has pariah status — (there is) no chance of holding football tournaments in a Russia that invades sovereign countries. “A Russia that is engaged in a bloody and debilitating conflict with a fellow Slav country. What an appalling result for President Putin." Meanwhile, a number of Ukrainian footballers have spoken out about the ongoing conflict. Iconic former striker Andriy Shevchenko, once of Chelsea, took to Twitter to write: "Ukraine is my motherland! I have always been proud of my people and my country! We have gone through many difficult times, and over the past 30 years we have formed as a nation! "A nation of sincere, hard-working and freedom-loving citizens! This is our most important asset!" Manchester City defender Oleksandr Zinchenko also took to social media with a post which was later deleted. It included a picture of President Putin, along with the caption: "I hope you die the most painful suffering death, creature." In the UK, Johnson is expected to make a public statement on the situation and outline Britain's role in any further events shortly.