  Patrick J Adams has said that his former colleague Meghan Markle mocked him after watching him bare all on stage. The Suits actor starred alongside the Duchess of Sussex on the popular series from 2011 to 2018.      Patrick, who is set to make his Broadway debut next month in show Take Me Out, has claimed Meghan once teased him after she saw him with no clothes on. The actor, 40, spoke about the incident, which occurred in 2011 while the pair were filming their first season of the hit legal drama. Patrick played protagonist Michael Ross, who blags his way into a top law firm by pretending he attended Harvard Law School. Meanwhile Meghan, 40, played protagonist Patrick’s on-screen partner Rachel, who started the series as a paralegal. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby supported by pal Phillip Schofield amid recent backlash     During the shooting of their first season, Meghan turned up to watch Patrick in an LA production of Bill Cain's play 9 Circles, which featured full-frontal male nudity. Recollecting the occasion in an interview with Entertainment Tonight, Patrick revealed: “She certainly was at the play where I was naked and she had a good time making fun of me after.” “So, maybe she’d like a repeat performance,” he joked. In his Broadway debut next month, Patrick will once again be exposing himself in the Tony Award-winning play Take Me Out.      The show is well known for its nude scenes, and its comeback is hotly anticipated after being delayed by nearly two years due to the pandemic. Patrick went on to see that he would be thrilled to see the Duchess in the audience for his latest theatrical outing. “I would love for Meghan to come and enjoy the show,” he said. “I’ll send her an invite for sure.” READ MORE... Dan Walker addresses downside to Sally Nugent replacing Louise Minchin [NEWS] Eamonn Holmes seems to swipe This Morning's Phillip Schofield tribute [NEWS] Piers Morgan issues warning as Vladimir Putin invades Ukraine [INSIGHT]     Following her engagement to Prince Harry in November 2017, Meghan announced she would be leaving Suits after seven years. At the end of its seventh series, Mike (Patrick) and Rachel (Meghan) get married and move to Seattle to start up their own law firm. Following her departure, the Duchess of Sussex went on to confirm she was retiring from acting. Suits continued on for another two seasons, before series 10 was cancelled in January 2021.     Patrick and Meghan have stayed in touch since their time on the show ended, with the actor even showing up to her royal wedding. Patrick is also married, tying the knot with Pretty Little Liars actress Troian Bellisario back in 2016. The star previously mentioned his friendship with the Duchess in another interview with ET, saying: “We've texted a few times. “We both started families at roughly the same time, obviously her family has been a relatively high-profile one, but I'm super happy to have her back on this side of the water.”   