Houseplants are hailed for their many benefits, from air purification to aesthetic qualities. However, for cat owners, picking the right type of houseplant is essential - especially if your kitty is prone to nibbling at leaves. Luckily, cat charity Cats.org is on hand with a full list of plants that may be harmful to your pet. Although not all houseplants are immediately toxic to cats, the experts do recommend showing caution with certain varieties. Cats.org states: "Care should be taken when purchasing house plants, as varieties such as cycads, cheese plants and aloe vera are not cat-friendly. "Seasonal plants like mistletoe and poinsettia are also dangerous." READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows When purchasing an indoor plant, if you are unsure whether to not it is safe for your furry friend, the best thing to do is research. In the event you do think your cat has been poisoned, Cats.org urge people not to panic. They state: "Seek advice from your vet immediately and they'll be able to help." Take your pet away from the substance immediately. Cats.org adds: "If you have evidence of what your cat has eaten, take a sample to the vet. "Even a sample of vomit may help diagnosis, particularly if it is an unusual colour or contains plant matter." DON'T MISSLandlord warning: The little known law that could catch you out [REVEALED]Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould [WARNING]Peace lily care: How to tell if you are 'overwatering' your plant [INSIGHT] Plants of the cycad variety are the most warned against of all indoor plant varieties. These include cycas revolute, sago palm, zamia and fern palm plants. If eaten, this family of plants is extremely toxic to cats, as well as dogs, horses and people. This family of plants contains a toxin called cycasin. When a cat eats any part of these plants, the toxin goes directly to the liver and causes symptoms. When the toxin attacks the liver the cat can suffer from neurological disorders, abnormal bleeding, and clotting (which can lead to stroke). Though other houseplants might not have as fatal of an outcome, there are still a host of additional varieties that Cats.org owns pet owners to exceed "caution" over. These include: