John Gresiak, a senior forecaster for Accuweather, told Express.co.uk: "Over the weekend and into next week, high pressure is forecast to settle to nearby. This will result in largely dry conditions in most areas, although some rain and snow showers can occur near the North Sea coast. There will also be lower temperatures, especially at night. "In fact, there will be a risk of frost, even in the south, during the early to middle part of next week. "Toward the end of next week and into the following weekend, the high pressure and chilly air is expected to move away allowing somewhat milder and wetter weather to return. "This is expected to be followed by generally mild weather with occasional rainy spells through at least the middle of March." According to latest WX Charts, up to four inches (11cm) of snow is expected to fall in the Scottish Highlands by 6am on March 10. The snow is predicted to continue down the country, with Edinburgh and the north of England seeing up to three inches (10cm). Newcastle and Cumbria is going to see at least two inches (6cm) falling, while Manchester will see around one inch (4cm) falling. London and the snow east will also see some snow by midday on March 9. The snow is expected to bring freezing temperatures as the country will see sub-zero temperatures from 6am on March 7. READ MORE: UK snow warning: Forecasters scramble after spotting 'Polar vortex' Scotland and the Highlands will bear the brunt of the freezing weather with temperatures expected to drop to -2C. While the north of England and the Midlands will remain above zero at 2C, London, Wales and the south east will also experience freezing weather of 0C. By 6am on March 8, the cold weather will continue to blast the country with 0C up and down the country. As the snow begins falling on March 10, temperatures in the Midlands and the south of England will remain mild at around 3C. DON'T MISSUK weather forecast warning as -10C Arctic storm to unleash misery [INSIGHT] Spring sunshine to defrost UK this weekend as weather warnings removed [REVEAL] Cold Icelandic blast to bring 17cm snow and -8C icy wind [COMMENT] The north of England and Scotland will see temperatures plummet to 0C and below. This latest freezing weather come after the country was hit by three storms throughout February, bringing 90mph winds. Storm Dudley wreaked havoc first and was closely followed by Storm Eunice and then Storm Franklin. Mr Gresiak said the main storm track this week will be over open seas and the strong winds will stay far away. He added: "The weather pattern has gotten somewhat more tranquil after a couple of stormy weeks. "The main storm track this week will be farther to the west and north, over open seas. "While these storms will push a couple of fronts across the UK, each resulting in some rainy spells, the strong winds associated with the storms themselves will stay farther away. "Most of the week will also be on the mild side, with temperatures reaching or exceeding 50 (10C) in the London area."