Diane Buswell, 32 has posted news and updates about an adorable new family member. Diane posted a photo to her fans showing herself with a baby, saying that she was “in love.” The dancer included a series of photos of her and Joe with their family and Diane’s niece. The snaps were shared with Diane’s 864,000 followers. The star’s caption read: “I Finally got to meet my beautiful niece zofia and I’m in love. “@buzzballz1 @melskilejman @joe_sugg @mark.3802 @rinabuswell" READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years Fans rushed to the dancer’s comment section to offer their admiration and compliments. @Imogenrose19 wrote: “Aww so adorable I’m so happy for you hope you’re having the best time.” (sic) @Abigaildyson penned: “Love her name.” @Jacquiridgett quizzed: “You & Joe next????” (sic) @Alicelamgmead2020 commented: “So very, very pleased for you to get to meet Zofia.” @Abbinoone29 said: “Awh she’s just the sweetest. Hope you’re having the best time Xx” (sic) Diane spoke out in early February after fans grew concerned about her absence from Instagram. She explained on an Instagram update that she was busy with work and having a “digital detox.” DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] Sharing a selfie, Dianne penned: “Shes back on the gram. “I had a 2 week digital detox that was seriously so refreshing ! “Thanks for all your msgs seeing if I was ok. (sic) “I’m totally fine I have been busy working on loads of exciting things. “Anyway I hope your all well and happy.” (sic) Dianne added: “P.s is it really February already ?!” Fans were relieved to hear that she was doing well, as they posted to the comment section. Fellow Strictly star Graziano Di Prima said; “Welcome back sista!!” (sic) @Hannahwatso.n wrote: “Omg yay she’s back ! “I have missed seeing you on here but hope you’ve enjoyed your time away from the social media world.” (sic)