ITV presenters Charlene White and Judi Love confirmed they spent Sunday night with Jamal’s mother Brenda Edwards following her son’s tragic passing after a short illness. The cast of Loose Women paid tribute to the music star on Monday while viewers added their own tearful messages on Twitter. Audiences were left incredibly emotional following Loose Women’s moving tribute to Jamal, who sadly passed away at the end of 31. Charlene, Judi and the rest of the cast celebrated his legacy by playing some of his most iconic tracks throughout the show. “Any of you who regularly watch the show that the love Brenda had for both Jamal and daughter Tanisha was massive,” Charlene said at the start of the programme. “Her heart was full of so much love for those children. So you know just how shocked Brenda is, and just how hard it’s hit all of us who knew him, and, of course, all of us who love Brenda.” Several fans wrote on Twitter that they were already feeling emotional in the opening minutes of Monday’s show. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Loose Women viewer Sharon said: “In tears watching #loosewomen today. I can't imagine the pain of losing a child. My heart goes out to Brenda Edwards and her family. RIP Jamal.” And Susan Seddon wrote: “Bless Charlene and Judi, you can tell how emotional they're feeling when talking about Jamal. “So much respect to the #LooseWomen team for doing this show today. He certainly influenced a lot of wannabe musicians.” “I’m sat watching in tears,” Louise said. “What a beautiful tribute to Jamal. I’m certain you have made Brenda proud!”   Munu added: “Damn, this #LooseWomen episode is so hard to watch, RIP Jamal Edwards.” “#LooseWomen is a tough watch today,” wrote Zo. “It doesn't matter how old your baby is, you should never have to bury your baby. My heart is so broken for Brenda.” Jamal founded the online urban music platform SB.TV, which got several major British artists their first start in the industry. As a music video producer, he filmed some of the first footage of Ed Sheeran, Jessie J, Stormzy, Rita Ora and many others. DON'T MISS:Jack Dee hits out at comedy cancel culture [OPINION]Bridgerton star shuts down Strictly Come Dancing rumours [COMMENT]GMB fans blast ‘scaremongering’ Dr Hilary over Covid rule scrap [REACTION] The Loose Women presenters mourned his substantial loss on Monday, and Charlene’s co-host and friend Judi Love joined the show as a last-minute addition. “Judi has joined us on the panel today so there’s one more of us here today,” Charlene explained. “Because we want to do Brenda proud, and you and I were with her last night.” Judi confirmed they both visited Jamal’s mother, singer and fellow Loose Women panelist Brenda, before taking a deep breath. She said: “People see us on Loose Women, we’re Loose Women and the rest of it, and we get on on-stage. “But it’s so much bigger than that. The friendships that we build outside and the support that we give each other in different areas of our life. “And this is an area, if I’m honest… I don’t to be here doing this. I don’t want to have to do this. But we have to. “It’s heartbreaking. And all we can do is try to do our best to support Brenda and honour her amazing son in such a difficult time. We just wanted to be there for her yesterday.” Charlene has also criticised the way Jamal’s death was announced, as the news surfaced on social media before Brenda had the chance to release her own statement. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.