Videos circulated online show protesters, armed with placards and banners, singing the Ukrainian anthem and chanting "Putin stop war", "free Ukraine", and "Putin go home". The demonstrators have launched eggs at the embassy while taking part in the protest outside the building located in Kensington, west London. Heartfelt messages have been scrawled across the embassy walls in chalk, along with drawings of the Ukrainian flag. Protesters have also splashed the walls in fake blood and splattered eggs. It comes as the Russian invasion entered its third day, with forces continuing to strike Ukrainian cities with artillery and missiles while troops close in on the country's capital. Demonstrations have also erupted outside Downing Street calling for more drastic action to be taken by the British government including "total isolation of Russia".  ITV reported one protester on Thursday saying: "We want the toughest sanctions and total isolation of Russia now. “We feel very angry, we feel very anxious and we feel betrayed by democratic states because we have been talking about this war for eight years.” Outside the Russian embassy, some protesters were wrapped in Ukrainian flags while others held posters comparing the Russian leader to Hitler. Photos show Russian protesters outside the embassy clasping signs that read "Russians are against the war", "I'm Russian. I failed to stop him. Forgive me" and "I want my son to be proud to be Russian. Save Ukraine." READ MORE: Laura Kuenssberg warns of 'ominous assessment' Belfast Telegraph reported one Ukrainian protester saying: "The world can’t watch as my people suffer – Putin is a barbarian, he’s an animal. “If sanctions don’t stop him, the UK, the US and Europe must be prepared to do everything.” At the same time, more protesters are gathered in Manchester city centre standing in solidarity with Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Russia Belarus union explained: Inside Putin and Lukashenko's bond [INSIGHT]Samuel West begs government to drop visa rules for Ukrainians [COMMENT]Ukrainians flee their homes after Russian invasion [VIDEO] Many are armed with flags and banners created by staff and students at Manchester Ukrainian Saturday school who have handed them out to protesters in Piccadilly Gardens. It comes as Manchester United ditch their £40 million sponsorship deal with Russian airline company Aeroflot this week, and lead a protest against the invasion of Ukraine before kick-off today. Images also showed similar demonstrations in other cities across the world, including Stockholm, Paris, Tokyo, Berlin, Japan, Kathmandu and Warsaw. Iconic landmarks have also been lit up in blue and yellow in solidarity with Ukraine including the London Eye, the Eiffel Tower and Rome's Colosseum. 