June is the perfect time to get away before the summer holiday rush, with tourist spots across Europe and beyond still gearing up for the peak season. Quieter streets and less crowded beaches offer a more relaxing getaway, with prices often lower too. With thousands of Britons eager to seek out the early summer sun, Express.co.uk have rounded up the five hottest spots to travel to in June - and there’s something for everyone. The Algarve region is a bustling tourist hot spot in the summer months, attracting between 40,000 to 300,000 people every July and August. June is the perfect time to visit this short-haul destination before the summer rush, with plenty of space for you to enjoy the hot weather on one of the region’s 25 beaches. According to leading travel and tourism company TUI, throughout June you can expect: From golf courses to snorkel-ready seas, there are plenty of activities on offer to keep you occupied on your travels - you might even catch the popular Santos Populares festival if you visit in the first month of June. READ MORE: British expat shares ‘very weird’ thing about the USA Just a five-hour flight from the UK, Cyprus can offer scorching temperatures averaging 25C throughout June. Inland, temperatures are known to climb to 34 degrees with a cooler climate along the coast. The balmy summer weather and minimal rainfall make for the perfect beach-side getaway, with an average 12 hours of sunshine per day. Paphos, Limassol and Larnaca are just three of the most popular destinations on the island. In June, you can enjoy the Mediterranean climate in peace, with this family-friendly destination attracting larger crowds from July onwards.  You’ll find this Dutch island in the Caribbean sea surrounded by nothing but the clear ocean for miles. This long-haul destination does require a little more time and money for British holiday-seekers, but with temperatures breaking 30C - it’s definitely worth it. On the other side of your 13-hour flight, you will be met with sprawling white-sand beaches and a lively cultural scene. According to TUI, the average temperature in Aruba is 31C throughout June, offering around 10 hours of blazing sunshine per day. The calm seas make it the ideal spot for snorkelling and scuba diving, with plenty of striking views to enjoy inland too. DON'T MISS:Spain horror as British holiday hotspot last to emerge from crisis [INSIGHT]Paddy McGuinness' wife taken to hospital after horror fall on holiday [REVEAL]Tourist tax: Popular destinations Britons will have to pay to visit [LATEST] Almost 700,000 British tourists flock to this north-African destination each year, and it’s easy to see why with temperatures reaching 35C during the summer months. With the Sahara Desert located to the south, Morocco enjoys warm weather all year round - with a more Mediterranean climate on the North Atlantic coastline. Agadir and Marrakech are two of the most popular tourist destinations, offering a staggering 14 hours of daylight per day. If you're travelling to Agadir, you can expect average highs of 28C throughout June with a cooler 16C climate at night.  June is arguably the best time to visit Greece with temperatures lingering at a comfortable heat before the scorching weather sets in from July. Tourist hot spots including Kos, Halkidiki and Crete will still be gearing up for the busy summer season, making June an ideal month to enjoy a number of Greek charms without the busy crowds. Temperatures will climb to an average high of 30C, staying as warm as 19C once the evening sets in. If you're looking for a beach getaway, expect the se to be as warm as 22C with 11 hours of full sunshine to enjoy each day.