Celebs Go Dating star Ulrika Jonsson has slammed David and Victoria Beckham's youngest son, Cruz Beckham, over his underage photoshoot with i-D magazine. The blonde-haired Swedish TV presenter, 54, didn't hold back as she shared her thoughts on the professional shoot which she admitted made her feel "uneasy". In the series of pics for i-D magazine, the 17-year-old can be seen shirtless sporting bubblegum pink hair and wearing his jeans down to his ankles to flash a pair of white boxers. The shoot celebrated the star turning 17, while also announcing his music career. However, the pictures created plenty of controversy online with David and Victoria drawing criticism from fans over the snaps. Addressing the photoshoot in her column for The Sun, Ulrika revealed that she was confused over the point of the pictures. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement The mother-of-four told how she felt "uneasy" over the nature of the photoshoot as he was 16 at the time. However, the TV personality went on to add that they "lacked" artistically, explaining that the youngest son of the Beckham brood has yet to "earn respect". After claiming that the snaps "blatantly sexualise him", Ulrika went on to criticise the creative side of the shoot. "Manipulated and stylised, they are sorely lacking in personality," she penned. She went on to ruthlessly brand Cruz a "wannabe", highlighting that his music has yet to have materialised. Ulrika went on: "There is such a strong stench of 'wannabe' about him, it’s hard to imagine he has a creative bone in his body. "It is sad and desperate — and I feel for all the real musicians and songwriters out there who would kill for a magazine cover like that. "Cruz may have got our attention but he’s yet to earn our respect," she ended. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [INSIGHT]Isabelle Huppert shows off ageless beauty as she hosts César Awards [ANALYSIS]'My boys' Penny Lancaster reacts to snap of Rod Stewart and son Ali [UPDATE] In his interview with i-D, Cruz revealed that he was planning on pursuing a music career after briefly contemplating playing football professionally like his father. Victoria Beckham announced Cruz's feature in the controversial magazine in a sweet message of support on Instagram. In view of her 29.5 million followers, Victoria wrote: "Big first day as a 17-year-old! @Cruzbeckham for @i_d, so proud.” David did the same, captioning the pictures: “So cool @cruzbeckham for @i_d. Such a proud dad.” Ulrika's comments come weeks after she blasted Victoria and David's eldest son Brooklyn over his cooking show. The star didn't hold back while questioning how Brooklyn had managed to land a cooking spot on a hit TV show in the US, despite being a "rookie" in the kitchen. It comes after Brooklyn launched his own online cooking show, entitled Cookin' With Brooklyn, last month and also featured on James Corden's Late Late Show where the duo made steak frites together. However, Ulrika branded it a show of "nepotism and unfair advantage".