Ofcom has reported that eligible households could be able to save £144 every year on broadband. The social tariffs from Universal Credit can help slice broadband costs for roughly four million households that still have yet to claim the discount. The discounted packages usually come in just under £20 per month, providing a 21st century necessity whilst saving households almost £150. However, Ofcom research notes that 84 percent of benefits recipients are completely unaware of the social tariffs they are due. Only 1.2 percent of those that are entitled to the discounted broadband scheme have claimed it, meaning that millions more are paying far more than necessary. Ofcom has reportedly called on all broadband firms to support struggling households during the cost of living crisis by producing social tariffs.  Millions of households are struggling to make ends meet as skyrocketing inflation takes hold, with many putting home broadband first on the chopping block if possible. These affordability issues are expected to get worse throughout 2022 especially with the triple whammy coming for Britons' pockets in April. This includes the National Insurance rise, energy price cap increase and the ever-increasing inflation. Currently only a few broadband providers offer these discounted deals and Ofcom has suggested more needs to be done to support struggling households and make people aware of their cheapest options. Providers with social tariffs on offer: BT provides a £15 monthly deal for 36Mpbs wifi or 67Mbps for £20 a month. This is available for: The offer from Hyperoptic includes the fastest speeds of 50Mbps for £15 or an upgrade to 150Mbps for £25 per month. The offer is available to claimants receiving: TalkTalk provides free broadband with speeds of up to 40Mbps. This broadband is available only for London-based customers for just £10 with speeds of 10Mbps. The offer is available to claimants receiving: Claimants can check with their individual broadband supplier to see if they are eligible for a cheaper rate or social tariff.