Tottenham manager Antonio Conte has warned blockbuster striker Harry Kane that he must win trophies to be considered a legend at the club. Spurs appointed Conte as their manager last November following the sacking of Nuno Espirito Santo. Kane joined the Tottenham academy in 2009, before signing a professional deal a year later. And he made his first team debut in 2011 as he lined-up in a Europa League qualifier against Hearts. The 28-year-old became a regular in the Premier League towards the end of the 2013/14 campaign and has since taken English football by storm. Kane has now played 370 games for the Lilywhites and has racked up an incredible 238 goals. He has won the Premier League Golden Boot on three occasions and was also the top scorer at the 2018 World Cup. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley  The forward has clearly already gone down as one of the best players in Spurs history. But he is yet to win a trophy for club or country, suffering heartache in the 2019 Champions League final, two Carabao Cup finals and the Euro 2020 final. And Conte believes the ace’s goalscoring feats will count for nothing if he finishes his career without any silverware. “Records are important but, at the same time, it’s also important at the end of your career to lift trophies,” Conte said. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)     “Because only if you win and lift trophies can you go into the story of the club.” Kane has endured a tough season this time around after he saw a mega-money move to Manchester City break down last summer. The Citizens apparently made four offers for the England captain - but they were all rebuffed by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. Kane began the campaign in dreadful form as he found the back of the net just once in his first 13 Premier League games.   But he notched twice against Pep Guardiola’s side at the weekend to take his top flight season tally to seven - and he is slowly returning to the Kane of old. The goal machine’s brace handed Spurs victory at the Etihad Stadium and Conte will be hoping his main man can help fire the side into next season’s Champions League. And the boss believes the club must prove to Kane before the end of the season that his future lies in north London. “We have to train for three months to try to improve and continue to build something important,” Conte added. “But I understand then that every single player has to make the best decision at the end of the season.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 