With the young prince and future heir to the throne reaching an age where educational options are being considered, a move to the Home Counties by Kate and William could see George find a new school. Unlike his father and uncle before him, a move to the highly prestigious Eton could now be off the table as the royal couple consider moving the youngster to a prep school in Berkshire.  According to Rebecca English the move is seemingly in the process of “progressing” rapidly, and the Lambrook School is widely considered a front-runner for the Prince. For George’s siblings, however, they appear to be set to remain at Thomas’s Battersea for now. Writing in the Daily Mail, the royal reporter claimed that reports suggest Princess Charlotte is “super happy and settled” at the school, and is likely to soon be joined by her younger brother Prince Louis. William and Kate are also said to still consider options when it comes to a new home and have been surveying properties in the Windsor area, having apparently viewed several homes on the Queen’s estate.  Plans suggest the couple will use the new property on holidays and weekends.With the Windsor area being considered, it is thought this will benefit the Duchess of Cambridge as her parents live close by. The couple has their base at Kensington Palace where they have offices and host their charitable Royal foundation. In light of the children, the couple has actively encouraged regular everyday activities as part of their upbringing. Sources say they adore Norfolk and, if their circumstances had been different, would have loved to bring their children up on the Queen's Sandringham estate. But they took the house on when William was based in Cambridge working for East Anglian Air Ambulance and their lives are very different now.  READ MORE:Things to get 'lively' between Kate and William with huge day TODAY Anmer is a long commute from London, often requiring them to travel by helicopter, and simply is not a practical option. Due to the challenging and London-based roles the couple have, this will remain the reason Kensington Palace will continue as their main hub. However, the pull of the countryside is rooted in the ideologies of Kate and William who both enjoy the lifestyle and living. Although George, who will turn nine in July, is also said to be extremely happy at Thomas's in London, his parents reportedly believe it is time for him to transfer to an out-of-town school, where all the facilities are on one campus. "Weekly or “flexi” boarding is on the cards", the piece added. Both William and Kate were boarders from a young age.  DON'T MISS:China's ties with Russia tested as Beijing fails to back war [REPORT]Brexit Britain no poodle of Russia [OPINION]Fifth of cars speeding when passing schools [REVEAL] Ludgrove, the all-boys Berkshire boarding-only school where Prince William and his brother, Prince Harry, went from the ages of eight to 13, is being considered. And the couple has been spotted at both St Andrew's in Pangbourne, where Kate was a pupil – and some insiders think is a good contender – as well as Papplewick, another boys' school in Ascot. Apparently on a visit to Papplewick one pupil told Kate “she looked just like the Duchess of Cambridge.”  A source told the Mail: “An open secret the Cambridge’s are looking to settle in Berkshire and George is set to leave Thomas's this summer unless circumstances suddenly change. “It's the talk of the county and they will, of course, be made extremely welcome. “They always put their children front and centre of everything they do, so finding the right school has been a priority. It's about what works for them as a family.” 