The Home Office will this week release figures on the migrant crisis in the English Channel. This will include data on 'irregular' journeys, such as small boats, and also statistics on the number of people coming to the UK. It comes as EU member states remain at odds with the UK when it comes to dealing with the migrant crisis in the English Channel, reports last week showed. French President Emmanuel Macron gave the UK hope that a deal could be reached which would see migrants sent back from the UK to EU countries from which they travelled. Mr Macron suggested last year that such a policy could be agreed in return for Britain accepting legal routes for asylum seekers to enter the UK and a means to allow unaccompanied minors to join relatives. But one diplomat told The Times last week that divisions within Europe over how to fairly distribute incoming refugees has delayed the deal. While Home Secretary Priti Patel has reportedly considered a wide range of tough policies to try and prevent Channel crossings, Enver Solomon of the Refugee Council tells Express.co.uk that "slamming the door" on migrants is not the answer. He said: "Giving people the right to join up with family members is a very important safe route, which would be much more compassionate. "Also children who travel by themselves, get to Europe and want to come to the UK – we should offer safe passages for them. "There are more safe routes that could be put in place by the Government – the Home Secretary has said she wants to create more safe routes – but there is no evidence that those plans are being implemented. "At the same time, it's important to remember that we as a country will never be able to provide enough safe routes and there will be those who take dangerous journeys. That has been the case for decades and will continue to be the case. "That's why it's really important that we don't simply slam our door in their face. Those who should be given refugee status should be allowed to stay in the UK." In 2021, the number of people crossing the channel trebled when compared with 2020. Figures compiled by the BBC showed at least 28,431 migrants made the journey in 2021, despite huge UK investment in France to prevent crossings. Those who do make the journey also find themselves in "inhumane” conditions, Mr Solomon claimed. He said: "I've been to quite a few of these hotels and I can tell you these are not luxurious, five star hotels with swimming pools. READ MORE: I'll make 'disgusting' spiking a criminal offence, pledges Priti Patel "These are simple, basic, low-grade hotels on the edge of towns, where the rooms are very small with very limited facilities. "They can't get basic medication. We have had people arriving with just flip flops, they can't get a hold of a pair of shoes, we've had donations from the public for clothing. "I don't think they are being treated in a humane, compassionate way. We should be housing people in the community, like other countries do. "The Government's approach is to make the accommodation as bad and as simple as possible, leaving people with less than £6 a day to live on. "They think if we make it as harsh as possible people will stop coming, but we know that isn't working. Last year, more people came across the Channel than previously. The Government really needs to rethink its approach. DON'T MISS Prince Harry ‘inherited American attitude’ as US team influences Duke [INSIGHT] Priti Patel vows to shield Britain from Russia’s malign influence [ANALYSIS] Priti Patel fights to stop protesters making normal life impossible [INSIGHT] "These are men, women and children who have experienced great trauma, who are often very anxious. We need to treat them with kindness and with care." In response to this, A Home Office spokesperson said: “All asylum seekers housed at hotels receive fully furnished accommodation, including a choice of three meals a day and constant access to drinking water, as well as having their basic toiletries and utility costs covered. “If needed, they are signposted to GP services where they can access medication at no cost to them and we work with charities to provide them with clothing as soon as possible after they arrive. “The Nationality and Borders Bill will deliver the most comprehensive reform in decades to fix the broken asylum system.”