Formula 1's first week of pre-season testing has thrown up a number of talking points and issues for manufacturers to tackle ahead of the 2022 campaign. It's also given teams their first real look at rival cars, and one aspect of the Red Bull design in particular appears to be intriguing their Mercedes counterparts. The most notable design issue that's emerged in recent days and must be addressed concerns 'porpoising', a bouncing motion at high speeds as a result of ground effect. Teams found this week that cars were bobbing on their suspension when traversing straights, caused by increasing amounts of downforce that could become a potential hazard. It hasn't been a major issue in F1 since ground effect first became a phenomenon in the late 1970s and early '80s, but one manufacturers must tackle before the season starts in Bahrain. Mercedes technical director Mike Elliott acknowledged as much following the third day of testing in Catalonia on Friday. "It's a problem we're all facing," the aerodynamics expert told the official Formula 1 YouTube channel. JUST IN Fernando Alonso's admission will concern Max Verstappen more than Lewis Hamilton  "The reality is we've just go to learn as quickly as we can. We're doing as much testing as we can here [in Barcelona], and we'll do a lot of simulation work back at the factory. "It will be about how we either solve that, or how we deal with it and mitigate it in the first races." Elliott said the porpoising effect had been felt "up and down the grid," suggesting just about every team will have work to do in tackling the issue. One likely fix is an alteration to the car's suspension, and it's typical the new restrictions on hydraulic actuation introduced this season actually hinder teams in that regard. DON'T MISS Alfa Romeo unveil new car for 2022 season as Valtteri Bottas falls in 'love' Nikita Mazepin: Four F1 drivers who could replace Russian if Haas terminate his contract Carlos Sainz details Ferrari aim behind the scenes that will worry Mercedes and Red Bull   Elliott also highlighted one specific feature of Red Bull's rival RB18 design he admired, hinting Mercedes might look to incorporate something similar on their new F1 W13. "The most visually different I think are the side pods that Red Bull Racing have come up with," he added. "Looks interesting, so we'll go and have a think about that." Christian Horner's Red Bull team intentionally kept their design a secret until the first day of testing, and the new-look side pods swiftly became an area of focus. As was the case last season, Mercedes and Red Bull finished the first week of testing as the top pair, with Lewis Hamilton and Sergio Perez recording the fastest times in Barcelona. The teams will reconvene for another week of testing in Bahrain next month just before the new season gets underway on March 20.