Losing weight can be an uphill struggle for anyone. And with so many methods out there, finding the right way to do it is sometimes much, much harder. But it's a well-known fact that if you go into anything with a strong will-power and healthy mind-set, you're much more than likely to achieve your goals. With this in mind, nutritional specialists at Exante, the diet plan company, have provided their top three tips to help prepare yourself before you kick-start your new healthy lifestyle. They note that very often, losing weight relies as much on our mind as it does on our body. "If you start off with a negative attitude towards your weight loss, it becomes very difficult to maintain," they explain. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble wi... "Try to make this a positive experience," they suggest. "Focus on what you’re gaining rather than what you’re restricting." Setting achievable goals is another key marker. If you have a target in mind that is unfeasible, then you're more likely to give up. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] But Exante say you must think of the reasons why you want to drop the pounds and keep that at the forefront of your mind. "Whether it's to improve your health or to feel more comfortable in your own skin, make that your long-term goal," they say. "Especially as we come out of lockdown, sticking to your goals can be tough." Lastly, the all important "sleep". It's so important to ensure our bodies rest properly so we can function at an optimum level. It is a vital, yet often neglected, component of every person's overall health and well-being, helping us to recover from mental as well as physical exertion. We all lead busy lives, and sometimes it may not aways seem all that important. But in the long run getting a really good night’s sleep on a regular basis can "help the weight loss process". Exante explain: "When you’re getting enough sleep, you give your body time to repair itself. "It is working as it should be, helping to keep your metabolism working properly." As an essential function that allows your body and mind to recharge, sleep allows us to wake up refreshed and alert ready to attack the day and our goals.