Tottenham boss Antonio Conte hinted that he may be considering his immediate future at the club after a brutal post-match interview following the 1-0 loss to Burnley. And Spurs have been handed a major scare as Conte is reportedly 'thinking of leaving' the club, according to former Serie A star-turn agent Massimo Brambati. Spurs went back on their previous summer snub and later appointed Conte in November after Nuno Espirito Santo was dismissed in record time, but it's been a frustrating ride for the Italian so far. Conte has discovered first-hand why Jose Mourinho struggled at Tottenham, as after he recorded his best win as Spurs manager against Manchester City, they suffered a humiliating 1-0 defeat to Burnley just four days later. The Tottenham boss was furious at full-time and even hinted about quitting in his post-match interview and further doubt has been cast on his future in north London. READ MORE: Tottenham's four most-realistic managerial options ranked should Antonio Conte leave club  Brambati, who is not understood to be representing Conte, told TMW radio: "He’s thinking of leaving. He would like to stay at home, let’s say. "For me, he overestimated the situation, which he then found himself managing. The results didn’t help him, not only those on the pitch but also the response of the players. "It takes time, and maybe he realised that there’s a margin beyond which he can’t go with certain players. He made a wrong assessment. I’ve heard from him; he’s disappointed with a situation he expected to be different. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He considered his adventure at Inter closed for a number of reasons. He went to Inter, going against his history since he is still the representative of the Juve spirit. "He also did it to show that someone at Juve was perhaps wrong in making certain assessments when Allegri left. The most logical choice was to bring him back and not go for Sarri. The club thought more about pride in that case." The comments came after Conte himself hinted that he was reconsidering his options, as the Italian was furious with his side's performance against Burnley, just four days after the emphatic 3-2 win against City. The Italian said after the final whistle: "In the last five games we lost four games. I think nobody deserves this type of situation, but this is the reality. "There will be an assessment about the club and about me, because for me this situation is very frustrating. I am really sorry for this situation, especially for the fans – who really do not deserve this. "The club has to make an assessment to understand what is the best solution. This club has changed coaches, but the players are always the same, and the results have not changed. "I cannot accept continuing to lose." Tottenham travel to Leeds on Saturday in what is proving to be a must-win game, as the Peacocks were picked apart by Liverpool who won 6-0 on Wednesday, which will highlight the major gulf in class if Spurs struggle. North London rivals Arsenal also pulled off a miraculous win against Wolves in injury time on Thursday, meaning that they have fallen even further behind that elusive top-four spot that Conte is targeting. Tottenham simply have to win, or they could pay the ultimate price with Conte already on the edge.