We have all looked to her in our country’s worst moments and we have watched as she experienced her own grief with such great dignity. I remember most vividly the effect of her address to the nation at the start of the pandemic. A moment of real fear and anxiety for so many of us was met by her reassurance, empathy and kindness. Her optimism for the future helped steel us all when we needed it most. Fewer of us will remember that she recorded a similar broadcast in 1940 as a teenage princess for child evacuees fleeing Nazi bombers. Her service has been unstinting. This June we will celebrate the Platinum Jubilee with what I hope will be the biggest “Thank You” party in history. I’m encouraging people up and down the country to join us by gathering with neighbours in a Big Jubilee Lunch and I think millions will take part. But that must not be the end of it. We owe so much more to Her Majesty than that, which is why I’m supporting the idea of a new bank holiday – a Thank Holiday. The holiday should be announced as part of the Jubilee celebrations, to be brought in for 2023, in honour of Her Majesty and in recognition of all Britain has been through over the past two years. Sadly, having spent some time in government, I know that there will be the usual Whitehall mandarins trying to crush the idea as too inconvenient or expensive. But I am heartened to see that the idea is being backed by leading business groups like the Confederation of British Industry, as well as the Scouts, the Royal Voluntary Service and, of course, the campaigning Daily Express. The UK has among the fewest bank holidays in the world. In fact, according to the BBC, only Mexico has fewer. The economic arguments that have held up progress on this before no longer pack the same punch, as evidence now suggests bank holidays improve our productivity. There are also major upsides for the hospitality sector, which has been so badly battered by the fallout of Covid. But most importantly of all, this holiday would help reconnect communities, building a stronger sense of unity and connection. So I am calling on the Prime Minister and Chancellor to do something extraordinary to recognise an extraordinary woman.