State pension payments form a vital part of retirement income for millions of people. Consequently, Britons are looking for ways to increase the sum they receive from the Government. It is worth noting the state pension is not received automatically when a person hits state pension age. It must be claimed, and individuals can expect to receive guidance on this shortly before their state pension age. However, the fact the state pension has to be actively claimed may be the key to increasing the sum Britons ultimately receive. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has explained a process of state pension “deferral” which “could increase the payments you get when you decide to claim it.” READ MORE: Pension warning as you could be short of £250,000 - ‘take action now!' This occurs when a person does not actively claim their state pension for a set period of time. If a person reaches state pension age on or after April 6, 2016, there are certain rules to bear in mind. The state pension will increase for every week a person defers, as long as this is done for at least nine weeks. The state pension increases by the equivalent of one percent for every nine weeks an individual defers. DON'T MISSPensioners may still be eligible for a free TV licence [INSIGHT]Pensioners could get extra £358 per month - are you eligible? [ANALYSIS]State pension payments confirmed to rise this year [UPDATE]   This will work out as just under 5.8 percent for every 52 weeks a person defers. For example, if someone receives the full new state pension of £179.60 per week and defers for 52 weeks, they will get an extra £10.42 per week. However, some could get even more as the example assumes there is no annual increase in the state pension. There are different rules for the older ‘basic’ state pension scheme for those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. These individuals can usually take their extra state pension either as higher weekly payments or as a one-off lump sum. For the first option, the state pension will increase every week it is deferred, as long as this happens for five weeks at the least. The sum increases by the equivalent of one percent for every five weeks. This works out as 10.4 percent for every 52 weeks. Once again, if someone gets the full basic state pension of £137.60 per week, by deferring for 52 weeks they will get an extra £14.31 per week, or more. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some individuals can get a lump sum payment, but only if they defer for at least 12 months in a row. The Government adds: “This will include interest of two percent above the Bank of England base rate.” Pensioners are taxed at their current rate on their lump sum payment, it should also be noted. The Government notes after the state pension is claimed the extra amount a person gets will usually increase each year based on the Consumer Price Index. Those who need further assistance can contact the state pension claim line for help.