Bargain Hunt airs every day on BBC One, with the red and blue teams going head-to-head as they try to discover antiques that could be worth a bob or two. Helping them choose wisely are experts who are close at hand to give them some advice on which items they should take to auction. One of which is none other than 57-year-old Mark Stacey who is one of the veteran members of the cast. Mark Stacey is a Welsh auctioneer and valuer who has starred in not only Bargain Hunt but its sister shows on BBC, Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip. He reportedly used to work as a residential social worker before getting into the antique trade. The 57-year-old opened up his own antique shop called Mark Stacey Antiques and Decorate in 2011 in Brighton. He also helps with the running of the family business Stacey's Auctioneers and Valuers. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? According to Stacey's website: "We are a family firm that was first established in 1947 and for the past 70 years numerous fine antiques and collectables have been sold through the auction. "Since 2005, the business has been continued under the third generation of Stacey's. "Brothers Paul and Mark Stacey have been brought up in the world of antiques and have both enjoyed careers in London auction houses. "They are proud to continue the family business and, along with a professional team, look forward to offering you a personal, high quality and qualified service." Bargain Hunt first launched more than two decades ago in 2000 on BBC One. While Stacey wasn't an original cast member, it wasn't too long before he joined the team. He made his first appearance on the daytime series in 2002, when David Barby, Philip Serrell, Kate Bliss and Charles Hanson were already working on the show. Stacey got the opportunity to start his television career when he saw it featured in a magazine. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' [REACTION]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war  [EXPLAINER]Where does Bargain Hunt presenter Natasha Raskin Sharp live now? [CAST] Stacey told the BBC: "I became involved with Bargain [Hunt] in 2002, after seeing an advertisement in the antique trade gazette, I was selected for a screen test. "My very first Bargain Hunt was Children in Need celebrity edition with a live auction, very scary!" Since then, Stacey has remained a popular expert on the BBC show with no sign of moving on any time soon. It won't be too long either before fans get to see him again working his magic. Stacey will feature in the latest episode of Bargain Hunt which airs this afternoon. The synopsis reads: "Eric Knowles is in Kent with experts Catherine Southon and Mark Stacey and the teams. "Eric also uncovers the story behind a medal awarded for an act of bravery that occurred off the Kentish coast in 1857." Bargain Hunt airs every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.