Elvis Presley absolutely adored animals. The King of Rock and Roll filled the halls and grounds (and even swimming pool) of Graceland with various creatures. Not only did he have dogs and horses at the mansion, but he also had a monkey, geese, chickens, and even peacocks. When the star first got together with his girlfriend, Linda Thompson, he decided to share this passion with his family and friends. She recalled one particularly emotional moment when the star "couldn't stop crying." Linda and Elvis started. dating in 1972 shortly after he split from his wife Priscilla Presley. They broke up four years later in 1976, a year before his death.Years later she revealed Elvis was a "tender soul" who loved animal and loved giving gifts even more. She explained: "He had such a good heart. We literally bought out a pet shop one night. Elvis paid for about 20 dogs, just gave them out to his friends." When there was one pup left - a chow chow - Elvis decided to sell him off. But Linda convinced him otherwise, despite the star's fears. Linda recalled: "We read an article that said chows turn on their masters 80 percent of the time. Elvis said: 'I don't want to have to be worried about leaving this dog with you, or come home and find you have to have plastic surgery.'" Linda replied: "Oh, give the little fella a chance. He may turn out all right!"Elvis kept the dog and named him Get Lo. The pair became the best of friends, and the star worshipped the young pup. But then they discovered a devastating problem with the dog.DON'T MISSElvis' little brother on life with The King 'He shared everything'Besotted Elvis proposed to co-star Debra: Priscilla looked like herElvis Girlfriend on where The King is now and how he could 'come back' Linda continued: "I raised him, and he turned out to be as gentle as a kitten. He was our sweetheart. But he had a congenital kidney ailment. I don't know if that made him so lethargic he didn't feel like being mean, but he had a wonderful disposition." One morning, Linda recalled Get Lo acting "really strange", because of his kidney problems. She remembered: "We had a doctor come over. He said: 'I don't think the dog will make it through the night.'" But Elvis was not going to let his dog die without a fight. He quickly got on the phone to rent a plane and get his dog the best medical help he could afford. One morning, Linda recalled Get Lo acting "really strange", because of his kidney problems. She remembered: "We had a doctor come over. He said: 'I don't think the dog will make it through the night.'"Elvis was not going to let his dog die without a fight. He quickly got on the phone to rent a plane and get his dog the best medical help he could afford. Linda explained: "Elvis leased a Learjet and flew Get Lo, my girlfriend Jeannie LeMay and me, and the doctor up to Boston to a special clinic for kidney dialysis."Elvis left Get Lo at the clinic for around three months, But the story would not have a happy ending. When Get Lo about one year old, he died. Linda clearly remembered the abject grief that Elvis suffered when he heard the news: "We were on tour when he died, and we were coming home on his plane when they told us. Elvis just cried." The King's sorrow led him to get a few more dogs in his lifetime, all of which stayed at Graceland. He bought a Basset Hound, who he named Sherlock, as well as three Great Danes – Brutus, Snoopy and Edmund. He also owned a Pomeranian, but when his Aunt Delta connected with the dog so strongly, the soft-hearted star gave the pup to her instead.