Former Royal Marine and Afghanistan war veteran JJ Chalmers brought a unique perspective to the story of the Dunkirk evacuations last night. Mr Chalmers sustained severe injuries in a bomb blast while serving in Afghanistan; he lost two fingers, suffered facial injuries and his elbow disintegrated. He has since launched a successful media career, and co-presented Dunkirk: Mission Impossible last night. The three-part series sees Mr Chalmers and Raksha Dave follow in the footsteps of the British soldiers’ retreat to the north French coast and across the English Channel, describing how those fateful days were planned and executed. Last night's episode, the second of three, saw Mr Chalmers follow the story of the Royal Norfolk regiment and the crucial role they played in the eventual success of Operation Dynamo. Behind one of the most successful rescue missions in history were an abundance of unsung heroes, working tirelessly in their own way to save the lives of the 338,226 men evacuated from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk. The British troops on the beaches were subjected to a ruthless and relentless bombing campaign, both being shelled from inland but also from the air. READ MORE: How Great British brand Rolls-Royce helped beat Nazis in World War 2 More than 80 years on, the evidence of that bombing campaign can still be seen on the beaches surrounding Dunkirk. Channel 4’s documentary ‘48 Hours to Victory’ explored a relic of Dunkirk with military expert Mike Peters. Mr Peters showed Lucy Betteridge-Dyson, a broadcaster and military historian, the wreck of the HMS Crested Eagle. The Crested Eagle was involved in Operation Dynamo, but did not make it home. Asked how it met its fate in May 1940, Mr Peters explained: “Crested Eagle makes a run across from the UK. “The captain, Lieutenant Commander Bernard Booth, embarks 600 people. As Booth casts off his ropes and turns away to head back to England, the Crested Eagle is spotted by a flight of Stukas [German dive bombers]. “She’s hit by five bombs, so she catches fire very quickly. “Booth, in his account from after the war, says he was on fire from stem to stern.” DON'T MISS:WW2: Last man out of Dunkirk who survived on his own for four months [REVEALED]Dunkirk evacuee's diary entry: 'Hard to believe they had been human' [QUOTES]Adolf Hitler's 'fatal' Dunkirk decision 'gave Britain a chance' [INSIGHT] Lt Booth faced a dilemma, Mr Peters explained. He knew that the Crested Eagle would not make it back to British shores. He said: “But he cannot abandon ship there, and he cannot allow the Crested Eagle to sink because it would obstruct other ships that are relaying back to England. “So he turns away and runs along the coast here, still under attack. “His plan is to find a sandbank and run her aground so that the survivors will be able to swim, wade, whatever — get back to the sand dunes and live to fight another day.” At one point, some 200 survivors were in the water trying to make it back to the sand dunes. The Luftwaffe swooped down one more time, firing from machine guns at those helpless in the water. Lucy Betteridge-Dyson, broadcaster and military historian, said: “So often we think about the ships returning, and we forget about the ones that didn’t.” The Crested Eagle set sail with around 600 men on board, and was less than a mile from the shoreline when she was first hit by a barrage of bombs. Around 200 survivors were picked up by a number of ships including HMS Albury, HMS Lydd and TSS St Seiriol. The rest sadly lost their lives. The Crested Eagle is still visible at low tide on Zuydcoote beach, a few miles north-east of Dunkirk. Had the Crested Eagle not been beached further down the coast from Dunkirk, it would undoubtedly have obstructed some of the 1600 ships — including 850 ‘Little Ships of Dunkirk’ — that helped turn the tide of World War 2. In this way, the captain’s brave decision and quick-thinking saved those 200 people, as well as hundreds, possibly thousands more that were able to be rescued because the HMS Crested Eagle was beached where it was. Dunkirk: Mission Impossible is available on My5.