Summer flowers can brighten up any garden with their vibrant petals and green stems. From lilac agapanthus to white alliums, there are plenty of bulbs which will blossom into stunning blooms - but when should they be planted? As the growing season approaches, it’s almost time to layer up summer bulbs throughout your garden. Express.co.uk reveals the key dates you should know. While spring bulbs were all the rage a few weeks ago, the time has now passed to secure your April blooms. Looking ahead to summer, there are plenty of colourful flowers which can be planted from bulbs in the coming weeks. Most summer bulbs can be grown from the end of March, but the way you plant them could vary between each variety of flower. Whether you’re after vibrant agapanthus, blossom-filled alliums or exotic cannas, this is your full guide to planting the most sought after summer blooms. Read More: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home These showy flowers are renowned for their rich purple and blue hues, though it is not uncommon to find this variety in a pure white shade. As a long flowering, sun-loving perennial, the agapanthus is the perfect addition to any summer garden. Agapanthus can be planted as a bulb from the end of March through to April, as long as they are in an exposed, sunny spot. The Royal Horticultural Society recommends planting this bold bloom in a border, though they should be established in containers on some occasions. If you’re placing agapanthus bulbs directly into the soil bed, make sure you plant them around two inches deep. Always cover the nose of the bulb with enough soil to allow it to form a strong root system to promote vibrant, healthy blooms. Planting agapanthus in containers should be done if your soil is prone to water logging, or you live in a cold area. To grow in containers, you should grow them singly in nine-inch diameter containers. Use loam-based compost and keep in a warmer spot to protect them from late frosts. DON'T MISSWhen does spring start? How to prepare your garden for this key date [EXPLAINED]‘Boost the growth of your lawn’: Gardening jobs to do in March [ANALYSIS]Lawn mowing: Why you should start cutting the grass in your garden NOW [INSIGHT] Most allium bulbs should be planted out in mid-autumn to secure an earlier bloom from spring through to summer. However, planting alliums in late February is still possible if you’re looking for a later bloom. As a rule of thumb, allium bulbs prefer light, well-draining soil. You can plant alliums in beds, pots or containers, though the positioning should change for each. According to the RHS, border alliums need a sheltered site to avoid flower spikes getting blown over. The bulbs should be planted in weed-free soil to about four times the diameter of the bulbs. Plant smaller growing alliums between three and four inches apart and larger ones to around eight inches. These vibrant, tender perennials are a sight to behold when they flower during the summer. Plant the bulbs between March and April and keep in a cool greenhouse while the red, orange and peachy hues establish within the plant. The RHS recommends planting cannas bulbs 30 inches apart and four inches deep. They said: “Choose a sheltered, sunny spot and soil that has been improved by digging in well-rotted manure or garden.” To grow bulbs in containers, plant the bulbs to the same depth as the borders in a 30cm wide pot. By the end of May, they should be ready to plant out into borders or move unsheltered if grown in pots. Head: When to plant agapanthus, alliums and cannas - key dates for summer bulbs