The Russian invasion of Ukraine was the focus of BBC Breakfast on Saturday as assaults on the Ukrainian capital Kyiv continued. Victoria Derbyshire and Ben Thompson hosted the morning news programme and spoke to correspondent James Waterhouse who was sharing live updates from the capital. James was presenting the live segment dressed in protective clothing including a flak jacket. During the report, the BBC correspondent was forced to stop when an air raid siren began to ring out in the background. He noted: “Once again we have the air raid siren going off. “But it’s very difficult because the people underground where we are about to go are waiting.” Read more: Victoria Derbyshire skewered by James Heappey on BBC Breakfast “They wait for things to past but what are they waiting for? To come up to rubble? We just don’t know,” James continued. “Are we waiting to see streets filled with Russian troops? What will that reception be like? “These are the people that have opted to stay, thousands have managed to get out and thousands more have chosen to fight and head out with weapons. "We better go and it’s dark day for this city,” he told Ben as the siren continued to ring out. “Absolutely James we’re going to let you go thank you for your reporting and stay safe,” Ben replied. BBC Breakfast took to social media to comment on the “chilling” moment and send their support to Ukraine. Aimée Zuniga tweeted: “Watching the @BBCNews correspondent in #Kyiv reporting on #BBCBreakfast in helmet and bullet proof jacket under blaring sirens is chilling. “Difficult to tell if he is calm or stunned. #Ukraine #StopWar #StopPutin.” DON'T MISSBBC scrambles to defend deploying hosts to Ukraine  [INSIGHT]BBC viewers voice support for ‘tearful’ Clive Myrie [VIDEO]BBC audience member shamed for blaming Ukraine war on Brexit  [INTERVIEW] Andrea Corbett added: “Heart breaking - brilliant coverage and reporting this morning from whole team.” Lizzy agreed: “Just watching @BBCBreakfast and the reporter out in the #Ukraine when the air raid sirens started to go off. I cannot begin to imagine the sheer terror that must be felt when this happens.” “Watching the poor terrified looking @BBCBreakfast reporter on a rooftop in Kyiv. Why they are being stuck on the roof during a b****y invasion I will never know,” Marie Crowley said. Meanwhile, Russian assaults on the Ukrainian capital have been met with resistance. The Ukrainian military explained in a Facebook post on Saturday that an army unit was able to repel Russian forces near its base on a major city street. In a video, President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "We won't lay down our arms. We will defend our state." Fighting continues across Ukraine as Russia attempts to take control of several other citifies. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.