Did you know the zodiac sign season dates aren’t always the same? You might have noticed that the dates vary from magazine to magazine, and there’s a good reason for this. It's all do to with the Earth's path around the Sun and leap years, but they never change by more than a day or two every few years. Confused about the dates for 2022? Here’s a full list of the zodiac sign dates for this year from Aries to Pisces, according to the Magic of I's 2022 Astrological Planner. And don't worry, these dates only determine the star signs of people born in 2022. In astrology, the sky is imagined as a circle of 360 degrees. As we were all taught at school, the Earth orbits around the Sun once every year. However, it takes about 365.25 days for the Earth to complete one orbit. This extra quarter of a day is the reason why we have an extra day in the year every four years - a leap year. Leap years are added into the yearly schedule on February 29 once every four years.  READ MORE- Sagittarius 2022 yearly horoscope: What the sign can expect from 2022  It was a leap year in 2020, so there was an extra day in the year compared to 2021 and the star sign dates were slightly different. The star sign dates are calculated from the first day of Aries season, which is Spring Equinox. Spring Equinox, the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere, is a set moment in time every year where the Sun crosses the equator’s path and becomes positioned exactly above the equator between the Northern and Southern hemispheres. Because of the leap year, this happens on a slightly different date from year to year. That’s why Aries season sometimes starts on March 21 instead of March 20, pushing some of the star sign dates back too. The next leap year isn’t until 2024, so we continue with the regular star sign dates for 2022.  DON'T MISS...Scorpio 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect [INFORMER]Cancer 2022 yearly horoscope: What the sensitive water sign can expect [INSIGHT]Monkey 2022 zodiac horoscope: What your Chinese zodiac sign means [EXPLAINER]  If you’re born on the last date of a star sign season, this can get quite confusing. It may seem like in some years you’re a Virgo and others a Leo, for example, but that’s not true. The Sun is either in one sign or the other, it can’t straddle two at once and you cannot be ‘on the cusp’ of two signs. If you’re uncertain about your star sign, get your birth chart read or check the ephemeris for your year of birth to find out where the Sun was at your time of birth. 