No Time To Die didn't live up to its headline with Craig irrevocably making sure his 007 exit was permanent – crazy cloning theories notwithstanding. Producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael Wilson had said they would not start the conversation about his replacement until Craig's swansong had finished its theatrical run. That time is now. In the fight between film and TV tough guys, few come tougher than Peaky Blinders leading man Cillian Murphy, whose odds were just dramatically slashed. Punters should pay attention as they will only tumble further in the next two weeks. Peaky Blinders Season 6 will launch on BBC1 on February 27. All eyes will be back on Tommy Shelby, and all bets will be back on actor Cillian Murphy to make a play for Bond, with his odds already starting to freefall. The show looks set to be bigger than ever. Not only is this the final series of the hard-hitting period crime drama, the stars have also declared that it will be a tribute to Helen McCrory, who died of cancer last year. Murphy said: "I think the whole series is really in tribute to her and to honour her. Her presence and her character’s presence are very much still felt in the series, and it is very much part of Tommy’s journey in the season. It’ll be different without her, you know. It simply won’t be the same." Murphy had seemed out of the running to be the next Bond, but that is all changing. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes told Express Online: "Peaky Blinders fans won't have to wait long for the return of Tommy Shelby and co, and the latest odds suggest Cillian Murphy's next big role could come in the shape of 007." At the moment his odds have been slashed from 25/1 to 16/1 but he has strong previous form, rising as high as Evens last year. DON'T MISSJames Bond: 'Terrified' Sean Connery was drunk for iconic sceneJames Bond: Sean Connery called George Lazenby 'a prize s**t' James Bond Roger Moore Moonraker 'hardest' love scene with Lois Chiles Last year Irish bookies Boylesports took the dramatic step of suspending all bets on Bond - because of Murphy. His odds had tumbled from 10/1 to 11/2 and then suddenly a huge flurry of bets rocketed him to Evens, way out in front of all the other contenders. A spokesman said: "We’ve suspended betting on the next James Bond after a flurry of activity on Cillian Murphy in the past 24 hours. Perhaps the punters know something we don’t as the Peaky Blinders star was hammered into Evens from 10/1, forcing us to pull the market until we find out if there is any truth in the rumours." By now, observers will know that certain actors come in and out of favour as shows they headline land on TV. The same has happened to James Norton (McMafia) and Richard Madden (The Bodyguard and then Eternals.) According to Ladbrokes, currently, Murphy has a way to go before he challenges the main frontrunners, lead by Cavill and Page, who are tied on 5/2. Tom Hardy remains a major force on 4/1 with Idris Elba on 6/1 and James Norton tied with Jamie Dornan (following his headlining role in The Tourist) on 8/1. Richard Madden has slipped back to 10/1. Persistent hopes for a female Bond have Lashana Lynch on 12/1, but producer Broccoli herself recently confirmed the secret agent would remain male in the ongoing franchise.