European countries have already begun to feel the impact of sanctions placed on Russia according to US news outlet CBS. The US, the European Union and the UK announced new sanctions on Russia on Tuesday after Moscow's recognition of two separatist regions in Ukraine. On Wednesday, CBS host Norah O'Donnell warned: "There's a problem. There's an issue that European economies are linked and they're caught in the crossfire." Foreign affairs correspondent Christina Ruffini told CBS: "You have to balance that that bite that European consumers and to some extent American consumers could be feeling from these sanctions. "I listened to interviews this morning on local media and the BBC, with British lawmakers and German lawmakers and both were kind of asked what is the resoluteness of the European population if prices start going up the grocery store, if good gas prices here, start skyrocketing. "They said, look, the people here know that they are too dependent on Russia for energy, and at some point they're going to have to transition so at least for now, they think that there will be public support to hold Russia to account and to have the sanctions. "That's good in theory, but it's all about the economy, stupid. I mean we have that in the US and that holds all around the world." Ms Ruffini added: "All these are elected officials, and if people start feeling the impact of that in their daily lives, whereas they're not necessarily going to be feeling the impact of Russia's military incursion in Ukraine, that's not going to impact them here in Germany physically in their everyday lives unless they're seeing it with prices. "So it's a balancing act. "I think for now, there is support for the sanctions mostly because there isn't a lot of appetite to go start a full-scale ground war with Russia. "We'll have to see how far Russia goes in these two breakaway independent Republic's whatever you want to call it Russia doesn't hold all of that, right. DON'T MISS: Boris sends boldest warning yet to Putin as PM hailed for leading West [VIDEO]Let's be courteous as Covid restrictions are lifted [EXPRESS COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [LIVE BLOG] "The Russian forces are only in kind of like the small third of the pocket. "So the real question is, does Russia just grab what they hold and stay there or do they push further into the rest of that pocket, and that's where the conflict is really going to be. "It's unclear at this time that Putin has the troops or the resolve to kind of take over the rest of the country. He certainly doesn't want to get anywhere near Poland, or any of the other NATO countries because that sparks a whole other issue. "But he might feel like given a lack of military resistance, at least from the US and Europe he has free rein to kind of take back control of these places.  "So that triggers cascading sanctions," she added. "Yes, it will punish Russia yes, it will punish Russian consumers. Yes, it will punish the oligarchy that it's trying to target and high ranking officials. "But it's also going to be felt by everyday Americans and everyday Europeans trying to go about their lives and fill up their cars. Russia is currently estimated to have around 150,000 troops massed on the borders around Ukraine, with warplanes and troop careers continuing to deploy near the frontline.