Chinese diplomats called for “dialogue and consultation to prevent the situation from further escalating.” Hua Chunying, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson, refused to describe the invasion as “an invasion” and said Vladimir Putin has “legitimate security concerns”. She also criticised Washington and Western allies for sending weapons to Ukraine so that Kiev could defend itself. Ms Hua said: “China is closely following the latest developments. “We still hope that the parties concerned will not shut the door to peace and engage instead in dialogue and consultation and prevent the situation from further escalating. “Rather than hyping up or fanning the flames, have they done enough to prevent the development of the Ukraine situation that we are seeing today?” She reiterated the need for Russian president Vladimir Putin’s “legitimate security concerns” while calling out the US for sending defence assistance to Kiev.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “The way China acts is not like the US. When we see there is a risk of a conflict, we will not take the initiative and will not provide weapons to the other side.” She said that Russia is a “major world power” that does not need assistance from the world. But the Chinese diplomat hinted Beijing could cushion Russia from the devastating economic sanctions being imposed by the West. Beijing has a record of providing economic support to Moscow during Putin’s stand-offs with the west, including in the wake of the Russian annexation of Crimea in early 2014. “Since 2011, the US has imposed more than 100 sanctions on Russia,” Hua, told reporters in Beijing. “However, have the US sanctions solved any problem? Is the world a better place because of those sanctions? Will the Ukraine issue resolve itself thanks to the US sanctions on Russia? Will European security be better guaranteed thanks to the US sanctions on Russia?”   Hua also labelled the US the “culprit” in the Ukraine crisis, “heightening tensions, creating panic and even hyping up the possibility of warfare”. “China is clearly sympathetic to Russian perspectives,” said Tong Zhao, a senior fellow in the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, based in Beijing. “China thinks that it’s the NATO expansion and other threats from the U.S. and NATO” that ultimately prompted Russia to defend “its legitimate interests,” he said. “In other words, I think China feels Russia feels it is forced to do what it is doing.” “Because Russia is now receiving wide international condemnation and criticism I think China wants to avoid being seen as part of this axis,” Zhao said. But “when it comes to public statements China has been very careful,” he said. “It’s hard for China to openly support this Russian behavior given this implications for China’s own security and China’s relationship with Taiwan.” 