Russian President Vladimir Putin said he had placed Moscow's nuclear forces on a "special regime of combat duty" in response to "aggressive statements" from members of the NATO defence alliance. The Kremlin later blamed the escalation during Moscow's invasion of Ukraine on Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, former British Army colonel and weapons expert, has since warned Brits would have 20 minutes to hide from an airstrike if Russia began attacking other countries. Speaking to GB News, Mr Bretton-Gordon said: "I think we would know very, very soon if the Russians launched any intercontinental ballistic missiles and we would pretty much know where they were coming. "As a rule of thumb, the flight time to the UK is 20 or 30 minutes at the most." He added: "30 years ago we all saw the videos of what to do - get underground, hiding behind something concrete. "Whether people would react in time for that, who knows. READ MORE: 'EU is financing Putin's aggression' Brussels' official admits "We don't want to scaremonger but in London, you get the call and dive into the underground. "I would have thought most people across the city would get there within 20 minutes or so. "It's not seconds, we would have a few minutes to react but it's not much longer than that." Ahead of Putin's escalation on Sunday, Ms Truss had told Sky News that the "long-running conflict is about freedom and democracy in Europe". "If we don't stop Putin in Ukraine we are going to see others under threat - the Baltics, Poland, Moldova, and it could end up in a conflict with Nato," she added. On Sunday she announced further sanctions against Russia in the Commons, telling MPs Mr Putin had been "confounded" by the collective response of western allies, leading him to resort to "more and more extreme rhetoric". British and US officials have played down Mr Putin's nuclear threat as it is unclear how his order changes Russia's nuclear posture. Prime Minister Boris Johnson dismissed the alert as a "distraction" from the struggle Russian troops are facing amid fierce resistance in Ukraine. DON'T MISS Putin official apologises to Ukraine at international meeting [INSIGHT]Wagner mercenaries: The true story behind Putin's feared thugs [ANALYSIS]Russia-Ukraine: Boris Johnson called on to 'overcome risk aversion' [VIDEO] Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said his 12-year-old son had called him worried about the step, as he downplayed the threat's significance. "We don't see or recognise in the sort of phrase or the status he described as anything that is a change to what they have currently as their nuclear posture," he told BBC Breakfast. "This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, remind the world, that he has a deterrent. "We will not do anything to escalate in that area, we will not do anything to feed any miscalculation, we take it very, very seriously. "But at the moment this is a battle of rhetoric that President Putin is deploying, and we just have to make sure we manage it properly."