Former Deputy Supreme Allied Commander, NATO, General Sir Richard Shirreff warned if NATO countries were to get involved in the Ukraine-Russia conflict or if a no fly zone was imposed, it would be the start of World War Three. Speaking to Sky News, Sir Richard said: "If Britain and other NATO countries got involved directly in fighting in Ukraine that is a start of a third world war, no question about it. Similarly, if any attempt to impose a no fly zone would guarantee a start of a third world war. "It is a brutal fact of life that Ukraine is not a member of NATO and therefore is not covered by the guarantee of collective defence that says an attack on one is an attack on all. "The very best NATO can do now is stop any form of expansion of the war by defending NATO territory, demonstrating that it is prepared to fight to the teeth to defend NATO territory. "But also to continue to support Ukraine undirectly with weapons, equipment and other capabilities as well and potentially help prepare the Ukrainians to fight underground if it comes to that." It comes as Britain has announced new sanctions against Russian banks to heap pressure on Vladimir Putin over his invasion of Ukraine, as Downing Street eyed the possibility that economic pressure could bring down the Russian president's regime. READ MORE: What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe Boris Johnson said Mr Putin had made a "colossal mistake" in invading Ukraine, and praised the country for its fierce resistance and proving Moscow wrong to think tanks would be "garlanded with roses". Liz Truss said all Russian banks would be hit with a full asset freeze within days as she announced new powers to limit them from clearing payments in sterling, which will initially target the nation's largest bank, Sberbank. The Foreign Secretary said the war could last "months and years" as she prepared the British public for "some economic hardship" as a result of the sanctions, but vowed to Ukraine that the UK would "suffer economic sacrifices to support you, however long it takes". Mr Johnson will continue his diplomatic push on Tuesday by travelling to Poland and Estonia for meetings with his counterparts and Nato secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg. At a Cabinet meeting on Monday, Mr Johnson and ministers received a briefing on the scale of discontent among the Russian people to the Kremlin's attack on their neighbouring nation. Mr Johnson said: "It is becoming clearer with each day that Putin had made a colossal mistake believing that the guns of his tanks would be garlanded with roses when instead the Ukrainian people had put up a fierce resistance in defence of their homeland." Downing Street said Mr Johnson discussed the latest intelligence suggesting Russia's advance had been "hampered by logistical problems and the heroic efforts of the Ukrainian military who are inflicting significant casualties on Russian troops". The Cabinet was updated by the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee, Sir Simon Gass, and the Chief of the Defence staff, Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, who No 10 said discussed "the discontent among many of the Russian people including an anti-war petition that has attracted around a million signatures". With western sanctions biting, the Russian central bank was forced to sharply raise its key interest rate to save the rouble from collapse. DON'T MISS Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [VIDEO]Crack team of SAS veterans to join Ukraine's fight against Russia [INSIGHT]What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS] No 10 said Mr Johnson told Cabinet that Mr Putin had "underestimated western unity and the strength of the sanctions his action could lead to". The Prime Minister's official spokesman said Britain does not want to "unnecessarily inflict damage on the Russian people" but added that western sanctions "are to bring down the Putin regime" and "anyone who is actively seeking to support any elements of the Putin regime should think very carefully". No 10 later said the Prime Minister's official spokesman had "misspoke" when he said western sanctions are designed to bring about regime change, but the slip-up portrayed how some think the economic pain inflicted could have wide-reaching ramifications. Ms Truss vowed that "Putin must lose" as she went on to announce the new legislation in the Commons, saying state-owned Sberbank would be hit with the sterling ban as soon as the powers come into force.