Airline pilot, Simon, shared his top tips on TikTok for users struggling with turbulence. Some passengers fear flying due to turbulence. Simon said: “Does turbulence scare you? If so, try these top tips from an airline pilot to get you through it. “First one, as tempting as it is, avoid alcohol. It increases anxiety levels and it’ll make you feel sick when the turbulence does come along and that’s not going to be a good mix to get you through it, you want a good experience.” While some passengers think that alcohol helps calm their nerves, it could increase anxiety levels. Drinking at the airport could also make passengers feel unwell if their flight is hit by turbulence. READ MORE: Storm Dudley: Gatwick airport issues warning - full list cancellations Simon added: “Another thing is try and zone out so a book is something that some people like. “But for me it’s not great, you’re reading little writing that’s bobbling around, that’s going to increase your chances of feeling sick. “I’d rather stick the inflight entertainment on, get a good movie and try and zone out.” Distractions are a good way to decrease anxiety if the plane hits turbulence and luckily long-haul flights now have a huge range of entertainment. He added: “Another method is to close your eyes, lie back, pretend you’re in a hammock on the beach where you’re probably going and the aircraft is rocking you.” Passengers could also imagine they’re floating in a beautiful ocean if that helps to calm their nerves. Simon said: “Then speak to the crew. Whenever there’s a nervous flyer onboard I go down and I try and reassure them, letting them know that the aircraft’s perfectly safe. “Turbulence is perfectly fine and there really is nothing to worry about. And again I pop down in the cruise and say hello.” Reassurance from the crew and pilot and can help to calm an anxious passenger during turbulence. Passengers should always wear their seatbelt during turbulence and follow the crew’s instructions. One TikTok commenter said: “Had scary turbulence on the way to Miami, even cabin crew looked scared. “They were told to sit down for ages, trolleys abandoned and drinks rolling on the floor.” Passengers are more likely to experience turbulence on certain routes due to the weather or how busy the flight path is. New York to London is one of the journeys where passengers are most likely to hit turbulence. London to Glasgow is another turbulence hotspot. Rocky conditions are often caused by windy and rainy weather in the UK. While it might feel scary, turbulence isn’t dangerous and modern planes are built to be able to cope with it. Experts say the plane will never be rocking as much as it feels like it is to a passenger.