Vikings: Valhalla is on Netflix now and the historical TV drama followed a new generation of warriors. Kattegat needed to be protected at all costs in order to continue religious harmony between Vikings. Unfortunately, there were some battles that the protagonists could not win- what happened at the end? The final episode saw Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) seemingly change his allegiance to antagonist Jarl Kåre (Asbjørn Krogh). He had tried to negotiate with the serial killer, who was insistent on attacking Kattegat. Freydis Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson) was heartbroken to see the man she trusted betray her. Meanwhile, Harald's brother Olaf (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson) had used Jarl Kåre to get what he wanted and divide Kattegat's forces. As the battle ensued, Jarl Haakon (Caroline Henderson) was shot by an arrow and died. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla cast: Who is in the cast? Wanting to make amends with Freydis, Harald returned to Kattegat but was injured by an axe when he was caught up in the fight. Freydis, who had become a qualified shieldmaiden, had a one-on-one battle with Jarl Kåre in the great hall. She was losing the battle but, just as viewers thought she was defeated, she pulled a dagger out and stabbed him. Still heartbroken by Jarl Haakon's death, she had at least managed to get justice for the Queen. Meanwhile, Olaf swarmed Kattegat with his own men and caused many casualties, killing Leif's girlfriend, Liv (Lujza Richter). Harald believed he was going to die not having made amends with Freydis, but she had a change of heart. Just as it seemed she was about to flee without him, she brought along two horses and suggested they leave quickly together. With Jarl Kåre now dead, Olaf believed he had won Kattegat, but he faced another threat. Queen Emma of Normandy (Laura Berlin) had tricked Queen Aelfgifu (Pollyanna McIntosh) into showing Sweyn Forkbeard (Søren Pilmark) where his son Canute's (Bradley Freegard) hidden fleet was. She had used the assistance of Earl Godwin (David Oakes) to gain Aelfgifu's trust. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla: What happened during the St Brice's Day massacre? [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla accuracy: What happened to the real Freydis? [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla: How is Harald Sigurdsson linked to original series? [EXPLAINER] Canute was seen sending his men towards Kattegat and Olaf had not anticipated the attack. In the final moments, Freydis and Harald were also seen fleeing the war-stricken kingdom. Leif, still in a fit of rage following the death of Liv, went on a killing spree and was driven mad by grief. Having tried so hard to avoid further conflict, he found himself at the heart of it. The series has already been renewed for a second season and it should pick up directly after the Kattegat battle. Fans will have to wait and see whether Freydis and Leif are reunited as brother and sister. They may spend some time on different paths now they have separate destinies to fulfil. Filming on the second season has already wrapped, so fans should not have to wait long for the adventure to continue. Vikings Valhalla is streaming on Netflix now.