The demand comes as the Treasury banked more cash from self-assessment tax returns last month compared with a year earlier. Tory MP John Redwood tweeted: "Today's figures show the Treasury has collected many billions more in extra tax this year than forecast so we can afford to cancel the [National Insurance] tax rise." Mr Redwood, writing for the Conservative Home website, explained that the Treasury wants to hike taxes to reduce Government borrowing. However, he added that with the Treasury believing the deficit will come in at £183 billion, £50bn lower than previously estimated, the Government can "easily afford" to cancel the £12bn National Insurance increase next year and forgo about £5bn of VAT revenue. Mr Redwood, who represents Wokingham, stated: "I have a strong economic reason why they need to do this. Why has the deficit fallen so much more than they thought this year? It is because the economy has grown more than they thought. "It is also because the Treasury/OBR [Office for Budget Responsibility] model of the economy underestimates just how much extra tax revenue they will collect if the economy grows faster. "By the same token, if they insist on slowing the economy too much this spring they will collect less tax revenue than they thought. They could end up with a bigger deficit from too tough a squeeze." He warned that if squeezed consumers spend less on non-essentials there will be less VAT and fewer service sector jobs so less income tax. Mr Redwood also predicted that there will be less profits tax from non-energy businesses. He said: "I do not want the Government to fall for Treasury austerity economics again and plunge us into another slowdown – which will lead to more self-defeating cries from the Treasury for higher taxes and lower spending." Despite the boost to the Treasury's coffers announced on Tuesday, soaring inflation led to interest payments on Government debt rising to the highest level since records began nearly 25 years ago.  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN AND HARRY SHOOTING THEMSELVES IN THE FOOT IN A STRUGGLE FOR POWER The Office for National Statistics (ONS) revealed that tax returns brought in £18.4bn last month compared with £16.4bn in January 2021. Rises in Government receipts helped borrowing levels swing to a surplus of £2.9bn compared to a deficit of £2.5bn a year earlier. This was above expectations, but remains £7bn below the surplus recorded in January 2020 before the pandemic. A major factor in borrowing levels not being higher was the soaring interest being paid by the Government on its debts, which is pegged to the RPI measure of inflation.  DON'T MISS: Armed police scrambled to 'very serious machete attack' [LATEST] The Queen’s usual eating habits exposed [REVEALED] Student loses legs and fingers after eating deadly leftover takeaway [REPORT] RPI hit 7.8 percent in January, leading to interest payments of £6.1bn in January - the highest amount for that month since records began in April 1997. This was £4.5bn more than the previous January although they were below the all-time high of £9bn in June last year. In response to the ONS figures, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak said: "We provided unprecedented support throughout the pandemic to protect families and businesses and it has worked, with the UK seeing the fastest economic growth in the G7 last year. "But our debt has increased substantially and there are further pressures on the public finances, including from rising inflation. "Keeping the public finances on a sustainable path is crucial so we can continue helping the British people when needed, without burdening future generations with high debt repayments." The Treasury stated that a one percentage point increase in inflation and interest rates would cost the Government an extra £17.3bn next year in debt servicing costs. It added that debt interest costs in January were £6.1bn - a record for the month - following the highest-ever December debt interest recorded last month. The Prime Minister outlined in September what he described as a new health and social care levy which would see the rate of National Insurance payroll taxes paid by workers and employers rise by 1.25 percentage points. The same increase also applied to the tax on shareholder dividends. The hike represents a Government bid to fix a crisis in health and social care funding, but it has angered some Tories because it broke a 2019 election promise not to raise such levies to fund social care. Mr Johnson told MPs last year it would be irresponsible to meet the costs from higher borrowing and higher debt. He added: "I accept that this breaks a manifesto commitment which is not something I do lightly, but a global pandemic was in no one's manifesto."