Rattan furniture is an excellent choice for garden seating and dining because it is waterproof, durable and very easy to maintain. No matter how well you store your rattan sets throughout the winter, dust and dirt can leave your cushions and bases looking rather uninviting after a season spent in the shed. Luckily, this classic style is very easy to clean and requires just a few simple ingredients. Express.co.uk reveals your four-step rattan cleaning guide. Grubby rattan-style seating is far from ideal, but cleaning your garden furniture incorrectly could leave it looking even worse. Powerful hoses and harsh chemicals are not a good fit for the delicate rattan fibres, but what can you use instead? Swap concentrated bleach products for mild dish soap and opt for a large sponge over a jet washer or hose for a more gentle clean. Make use of handheld vacuums to remove loose debris, and most importantly, choose a warm, bright day where you can leave the furniture to dry naturally in the sun. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ Once you’ve taken your rattan furniture out of storage, choose a large paved area to begin cleaning the base. Leave cushions out to air on a flat surface outdoors while you wash down rattan seating and tables. Start by using a stiff brush or vacuum to clean loose dirt and debris from the hard fibres. The aim is to remove visible debris from the surface so there is no need to be too aggressive while you suck up lingering particles. Fill one clean bucket with warm water and pour in a few drops of mild dish soap. Avoid chemical cleaning or scouring agents and stay clear of bleach-based products, as this can damage both the structure and pigment of the rattan threads. Use a soft sponge to dip into the water and gently squeeze over the surface of the furniture. Wipe gently to remove hidden dirt and work the liquid more thoroughly into really grubby areas. Leave the soapy solution to soak into the rattan for a few minutes before rising with plain cold water. You can either use a gentle hose setting or simply pour buckets of clean water over the furniture. DON'T MISS:Furniture hacks: Cheap upcycling trends to try at home [REVEAL]Property: Areas to check to avoid ‘costly repairs’ when buying a home [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [LATEST] Once the base of your rattan furniture has been thoroughly cleaned and visible stains have been removed, it's time to leave it to air dry. You’ll need to make full use of the warm sun here, so move your clean furniture to a sunny and mud-free spot in the garden. Turn the furniture upside down to drain away the water. As the furniture dries, you’ll notice any areas you might have missed, so go back in with your soapy sponge to scrub a little harder in these areas. Now you’ve finished cleaning the base, it’s time to move on to your cushions. Some cushion covers can be removed and washed in a machine, so check the label to see if this is the case and follow the instructions accordingly. If your cushions are not machine-washable, there is one simple method that will work a treat on discoloured or musty-smelling furnishings. To refresh your garden cushions, you should: