Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine on Thursday morning in what has been described by Prime Minister Boris Johnson as a "catastrophe" for Europe. Explosions and gunshots have been heard across Kiev and several other cities. However, Eurovision Song Contest organisers have described the competition as a "non-political cultural event" and will be welcoming acts from both countries. The 66th edition of the singing competition is set to take place in Turin this summer after Italian rock ban Maneskin won last year's contest. The announcement comes after the European Union condemned the Russian invasion and "promised tough sanctions to hit the Kremlin". A statement produced by the European Broadcasting Union on Thursday read: "The Eurovision Song Contest is a non-political cultural event which unites nations and celebrates diversity through music. "The  European Broadcasting Union's  public broadcaster members in both Russia and Ukraine have committed to participating in this year’s event in Turin and we are currently planning to welcome artists from both countries to perform in May." READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? However, the statement added: "We of course will continue to monitor the situation closely." It comes after Ukrainian state broadcaster UA:PBC called on the European Broadcasting Union to suspend Russia’s membership and ban it from this year's contest. The European Broadcasting Union produces the Eurovision Song Contest. UA:PBC issued a statement on Thursday to the union to exclude Russia from taking part in the forthcoming contest.  The statement claimed Russian broadcasters have been "a mouthpiece for the Kremlin and a key tool of political propaganda" and have taken part in "systematic dissemination of disinformation" against Ukraine. Last week, Alina Pash, who was chosen to represent Ukraine in the contest withdrew from representing her country after facing scrutiny over a reported visit to Russia-occupied Crimea in 2015. Alina was due to perform her song Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors but pulled out after details of the trip emerged. Those who enter the territory through Russia are considered by Ukraine to have "illegally" crossed the border. DON'T MISS...Ukraine social media 'more concerned with Eurovision than invasion' [REACTION]Brotherhood of Man's Martin Lee aims swipe at modern day Eurovision [LATEST]Brotherhood of Man's Martin Lee addresses Eurovision requests [UPDATE] There is no suggestion Alina entered Crimea from Russia. The singer was later replaced by rap group Kalush Orchestra with the song Stefania. Russia has not yet announced its singer for this year's Eurovision Song Contest. The country's actions have been met with condemnation from world leaders around the world, including Boris Johnson.  Russian forces have fired missiles at several Ukrainian cities and landed troops on its coast, officials and media said, after Mr Putin authorised what he called a "special military operation in the east". Mr Johnson is leading a crisis meeting of senior ministers and officials to consider how to respond to Mr Putin's military action against Ukraine. He said the Russian president has "chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction", and is expected to announce further sanctions. The Eurovision Song Contest is being held on May 10, 2022, at 8pm. 