Barcelona forward Ousmane Dembele has sent a message to Manchester United and Chelsea after starring during a 23 minute cameo for the Catalans on Sunday. Dembele is out of contract at the end of the season and has been tipped to move to the Premier League. Barcelona shelled out an initial £96.8million plus add-ons to prise Dembele away from Borussia Dortmund in 2017 and the ace was expected to have a big future at the top of the game. But he has been hampered by a series of serious injuries during his time at the Nou Camp and has failed to make the impact Barca chiefs have been looking for. The 24-year-old has made just 134 appearances in his five seasons in Spain, with many of those coming from the bench. And he missed the first three months of this season after undergoing a knee operation last summer. But Dembele has now made 16 appearances since returning in November. On Sunday, the star was named on the bench as his side hosted Athletic Bilbao in La Liga and was introduced to the action midway through the second period as he came on for ex-Manchester City forward Ferran Torres. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  Barcelona were 1-0 up when Dembele took to the field – and the France international certainly made an impact. Just six minutes after entering the fray, the player thumped the ball past visiting goalkeeper Unai Simon from a tight angle to double his side’s lead. And he then turned provider as he teed-up Luuk de Jong and Memphis Depay, who added late strikes as Barcelona ran out 4-0 winners. Dembele’s performance will certainly pique the interest of the Red Devils and the Blues, who have recently been linked with the player - and he certainly showed that he has what it takes to succeed in England. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens     At the start of February, The Sun reported that Dembele’s representatives had opened discussions with United. But last week reports surfaced which suggested Chelsea had already agreed a deal to take Dembele to Stamford Bridge. So the Premier League rivals could face a transfer battle as they both look to bolster their squads. Dembele will clearly want to prove his worth on the biggest stage of all and United could see their attempts to land the attacker halted if they fail to qualify for next season’s Champions League.   Ralf Rangnick’s side were held to a 0-0 Premier League draw by strugglers Watford on Saturday and will relinquish fourth place if Arsenal win any of their three games in hand. That could give Chelsea the edge and the west Londoners will be desperate to acquire more firepower after struggling to carve open opposition defences at times this season. So it remains to be seen which club, if either, can get a deal over the line.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here