UEFA are apparently set to kick Russia's Spartak Moscow out of the Europa League amid the country’s invasion of Ukraine. Spartak had progressed to the knockout stages of the competition after finishing top of their group before Christmas.  The Gladiatory were due to travel to Germany to face RB Leipzig in the first leg of their last 16 showdown on Thursday, March 10, before hosting the Bundesliga side in the return leg a week later. But, according to Sky Germany, Spartak are set to be banned from the competition. Last Thursday, Russia took the deadly decision to launch a military assault on Ukraine by air, land and sea as peace in Europe was thrown into jeopardy. Hundreds of people are now thought to have been killed in the invasion, with western leaders strongly condemning the attack and imposing sanctions on Russia. And UEFA have decided to make a stand. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final   Spartak were in fine form during the Europa League group stages as they racked-up 10 points courtesy of three victories and a draw. The Russian team finished level on points with Napoli, but took top spot after beating the Italian giants both times the sides met. Spartak were in the same group as Leicester City in Europe’s second tier competition but picked-up just one point against Brendan Rodgers’ team. The Foxes stunned their opponents at the Otkrytie Bank Arena in mid-October as they came back from a 2-0 deficit to secure a 4-3 victory as Patson Daka stole the show by scoring all of his side’s goals. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens    And the sides then played out a 1-1 draw at the King Power Stadium two weeks later. Despite Leicester’s strong showing against the Russian side, the Premier League giants could only muster a third place finish as they exited the competition in December. And the east Midlands team won’t get a reprieve if Spartak are thrown out as RB Leipzig will be given an automatic bye into the quarter-finals. Meanwhile, Leipzig’s chief executive Oliver Mintzlaff has revealed that he has been expecting the last 16 encounter to be cancelled.   “We continue to be in close contact with the associations and have complete confidence in UEFA and their decision,” Mintzlaff said. “We assume that the games will be cancelled.” The club had already released a statement to provide an update on the two matches. “RB is currently in intensive talks with UEFA about how to proceed in the round of 16 games in the Europa League against Spartak Moscow and assumes that the association will make a decision in the near future,” the club said. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 