This Morning began at a slightly later time on Thursday after ITV bosses made way in the TV schedule for an emergency news bulletin. However, as Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield introduced the programme, viewers became distracted by a fuzzy noise that seemed to drown out what the presenters were saying. Holly and Phillip seemed oblivious to the sound issues as they carried on with introducing the show. "Good morning and welcome to Thursday's This Morning," Holly began. "As you may have noticed there's been a delay to the schedule this morning. "We will be bringing you the latest on the situation in Ukraine from our colleagues at ITV News, both at 11am and also at midday."  Phillip continued: "On with the show today though and here's what we've got to look forward to. "We're looking to shine a light on the menapause today. Dr Louise is back and to tell us more about that." "After we were inundated with questions the last time Dr Louise was here," Holly added. "We are opening up our phone lines again, you are going to be a very busy doctor this morning."  The fuzzy sound also continued throughout Kate Garraway's interview, where she gave viewers an update on her husband Derek Draper. The GMB host also discussed her latest ITV documentary which saw Derek's arrival home from hospital. Speaking about the documentary, Kate explained: "It was about the challenge of caring and how to continued to progress someone. "But also to accept what may have changed and the impact on the family." DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO]Vera star details change to major character in Brenda Blethyn series [NEWS] Viewers were quick to take to social media to share their frustrations over the blunder. Sue penned: "Anyone hearing a whooshing noise on the sound #thismorning." Jayne asked: "Anyone else have sound issues?? #ThisMorning." While Janine quizzed: "What is the background sound? #ThisMorning." "Sort out your hissing sound FFS," Rich raged as Paul tweeted: "Is anyone having sound issues with This Morning?" (sic) "Is the sound a bit dodgy today?" Victoria questioned while PC said: "Sort your audio out." As Kate's interview came to an end, the sound issue seemed to be resolved. Pete joked: "Yay only took the sound department 20 minutes to twig on, after 100s of tweets." While Traylor added: "Thank god that interference sound has stopped. It reminded me of trying to find a voice on a CB radio in the 80’s." (sic) This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.