There was a lot of hype surrounding Benedict Cumberbatch's latest film The Power of the Dog, what with the moody cinematography and of course, the first-class acting from the all-star cast. The 45-year-old actor immersed himself so much into his character Phil Burbank, that he had to learn a variety of different skills to really bring him to life, some of which he admitted took a toll on his family. The story centres around a domineering rancher's reaction to his brother bringing home a new wife and her son, telling the subtle tale of jealousy, rage, and sexuality. Cumberbatch plays gruff cowboy Phil, who has a strained relationship with his brother George's (Jesse Plemons) wife Rose Gordon (Dunst). His character played the banjo, therefore he found himself learning the instrument, braiding ropes, lassoing livestock and rolling cigarettes with one hand. READ MORE: Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing He also practiced whistling, which Phil uses to intimidate Rose. "That took a long time and a lot of patience from the people around me, particularly my family," Cumberbatch confessed to USA Today. He shares three "exceptionally beautiful, extraordinary" children Kit, 6, Hal, 4, and Finn, 3, with his theatre director wife Sophie Hunter. But they weren't the only commitments he made to the film. He and his co-star Kirsten Dunst, both spoke out about avoiding each other on-set of the Western. It was an incredibly dedicated tactic in order to portray their characters to the best of their ability. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation [INTERVIEW] And the hostility between the two on-screen could definitely be felt, as the actors ignored each other the entire time, even when they had finished filming for the day. In an interview with Radio Times, Dunst explained: "I isolated myself from Benedict. "We didn’t talk at all during the filming unless we were out to dinner on a weekend, all together, or playing with our kids." She added of his impeccable manners: "He’s so sweet. "And he’s so British! "Polite British, you know? I was like, ‘I can’t talk to you!'" The Power of the Dog is streaming on Netflix now.