Following the show's previous 2013 - 2022 run set in the Ragnar era, fans are warming to Vikings: Valhalla, which landed on Netflix just days ago. With a gruelling health regime and being thrust into a global spotlight, actor Sam Corlett has opened up about his role. Australian actor Sam Corlett portrays Leif Erikson in the new historic show. Having caught the eye of fans in Netflix's Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, the 26-year-old has revealed what it was like to film the action drama. Sam is vegan with strong views on the matter and has commented on how he struggled at first to wear leather armour. He said: "I hadn't worn leather in a long time. The costume at the start was all leather, and so that was quite overwhelming." Read More: ‘Why don’t we just cancel fun!’ Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter, the star has given viewers a little inside look at what it took to film the show. He continued: "Gratefully, Susan O'Connor Cave, our amazing head of costume, she ended up designing a vegan armour for me. "So that was really beautiful. I think it was cactus leather. It's a funny mix because you want to be as authentic as possible, which makes sense but also, you know, the values come in sometimes." Playing the Norse warrior demanded a lot of the actor's mind and body, with Sam revealing that he would start every shoot day with meditation, followed by a 7K run and a swim in the Irish Sea, ending with weight lifting every night. "It was quite a militant thing," he said. To help him to embody the role, he said: "I stayed in a cabin by a river for a week and just dove into what I thought [Leif's] memories may be and imbued the whole world of his existence." Despite the physically demanding fitness schedule and filming conditions, the Australian said it brought everyone closer: "I'm not sure there'll be another set that I'm on that I'll have to work as hard. "The crew shot the whole of the previous series, so a lot of it's the same family. DON’T MISS… Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville Parker's future on BBC series [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise season 11 episode 8 cast: Who is in the finale?[LATEST] "It was actually like a bonding experience, whether it be swimming in like three-degree water at midnight and trying to shoot a fight scene without shivering or whether it be climbing up these incredible mountains to get to where our location is, and everyone's carrying each other's things, and the actors have got, you know, some hair and makeup bags, the hair and makeup have some cameras. "It was really cool to see." The show launched eight episodes on the streaming platform, so fans have the chance to really get stuck in and learn about the new characters in the Viking world. The season concludes in a bloody battle similar to the prequel. Vikings: Valhalla begins in England, in the Viking settlement of the Danelaw. Leif struggles through the season with being torn between his old pagan religion and the continent's religion, Christianity. In true Vikings style, the show has many bloody fights, surprise deaths and betrayal, with the finale leaving fans wanting more. Vikings Valhalla is available to stream on Netflix now.