The Treasury is using IHT as a stealth tax to raise desperately needed cash to fund its Covid bailouts, says Mike Hodges, tax partner in the private wealth team at Saffery Champness. He says IHT is "a deeply unpopular and divisive tax” but also an important source of revenue for the Treasury, boosting its coffers by a staggering £4.6 billion between April and December 2021. That is a rise of 16 percent on the same period a year earlier, costing taxpayers an extra £600 million in total. They can expect another big increase this year, too. UK house prices rose by 10.7 percent in 2021, which will drag more ordinary Britons into HMRC's net as IHT bands are frozen. Sunak’s IHT freeze was “a stealthy move” to plug the Treasury’s cash shortfall after Covid bailouts, Hodges says. “It is, to all intents and purposes, a tax rise by another name.” This is no longer a tax only the super-wealthy pay. As property prices rise, more and more middle-income families will pay the hated death tax every year. “Those who are already liable to pay IHT will end up handing over more to HM Revenue & Customs as their property and other assets increase in value," Hodges adds. Incredibly, the £325,000 IHT nil-rate threshold has not increased since 2009, when house prices were much lower. Families also benefit from the main residence nil-rate band, which safeguards another £175,000 when passing family homes to direct descendants. Yet this has also been frozen until at least 2025/26. READ MORE: New inheritance tax danger - HMRC charged IHT on assets worth NOTHING Inheritance tax is hugely punitive because it is charged at a thumping 40 percent, depleting what families can pass on to loved ones. The good news is that there is plenty you can do to reduce your IHT liability, Hodges says. "Various IHT allowances and reliefs can help you mitigate the effect of the freeze.” Every adult can gift a maximum £3,000 each year with no IHT to pay, so couples could gift £6,000 by April 5. You can mop up unused allowance from last year, so couples could gift £12,000. You can make further IHT-free gifts of up to £250 per person, provided the beneficiary has not taken advantage of the £3,000 exemption. DON'T MISS:£500 council tax, energy bill and cold weather payments [GUIDE]Fury as big banks abandon savers - 'get 70 times more interest' [ANALYSIS]New warning on Sunak’s horror 55% pension tax grab - worse from April [INSIGHT] If one of your children is getting married, you can gift them £5,000 free of IHT. You can also gift £2,500 to a grandchild or great-grandchild who is getting married and £1,000 to another relative or friend. You can make regular payments to help with another person’s living costs, known as "normal expenditure out of income". Further gifts are known as “potentially exempt transfers” and only entirely IHT-free if you live seven more years. During that time the 40 percent charge reduces on a sliding scale known as taper relief. Hodges says: “Charitable donations could reduce your overall IHT liability from 40 percent to 36 percent.” With careful planning a couple could pass on £1 million worth of assets to family members without paying IHT, so consider taking specialist tax advice.