The airline said Italy’s lifting of travel restrictions was “amazing news”. Many countries have decided to lift restrictions as Covid cases drop. easyJet posted: “Amazing news! The Italian Government has announced that from March 1 entry restrictions for customers arriving in Italy from any country in the world will be easing. “We’re very excited about this announcement and are sharing the latest news as we understand it. “From March 1 2022, fully vaccinated customers arriving in Italy from any country will no longer be required to take a pre-departure test. “Non-vaccinated customers will no longer be required to quarantine on arrival as long as they have proof of a negative pre-departure test. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip for ‘delicious’ item’ - ‘always order it’ “To travel to Italy from any country in the world, regardless of your vaccination status, you’ll only need to: “Complete a passenger locator form and wear a FPP2 and show the EU Digital Covid Certificate or equivalent.” In another announcement the airline celebrated the news that Iceland has lifted its travel restrictions. It said: “Don’t miss out on the Northern Lights! The Government of Iceland has announced that from February 25 2022 all entry restrictions will be lifted. “This is great news and we are sharing the latest information as we understand it. “From February 25 when travelling to Iceland, you’ll not be required to show proof of any Covid-19 related certificates, fill out any forms or quarantine after arrival in Iceland. “This applies to all customers, regardless of your vaccination status. “Please remember, you’ll still need to wear a mask during your journey, please check for more information about our mask policy.” easyJet states that all passengers aged over six will need to wear a mask during flights. Fully vaccinated British tourists also no longer need to take a lateral flow test after arriving in the UK. The expensive tests had put many tourists off booking holidays as the price could add hundreds of pounds to a family break. British tourists will still need to fill out a passenger locator form once they arrive back in the UK. However, transport secretary Grant Shapps is reportedly planning to scrap the unpopular forms before Easter. Travel expert, Simon Calder, has called the complicated passenger locator form a “vortex of despair”. Many working in the travel industry have called for the forms to be scrapped following the lifting of Covid restrictions in the UK. Holiday bookings have surged following the lifting of travel restrictions as many Britons are eager to get away. Many Britons are planning on travelling to Spain although Turkey, Greece and Portugal have also proved popular.