The only thing which might move us to a proper response is if Russia attacks our Baltic or Balkan allies. Even then it is not clear that we would have the wherewithal or stomach for a military response. Let’s look at our threat of sanctions for a start. They have not and will not work. Russia’s biggest exports are oil and gas – we sort of need those commodities - desperately. Germany being front and centre and open about its addiction to Russian fuel. And if we will not buy from Russia, China and others will. Indeed, an invasion of Ukraine by Russia would only serve to increase the price of these precious commodities. Russia is quids in with or without sanctions. Blocking Russia’s access to the US based swift bank clearing system will not have any effect either. They will trade outside it. The notion that the US controls global money flows is a quaint but outdated one. If sanctions would be as impactful as our leaders make them out to be, we would have already begun to impose them. Why are we waiting? Russia has already gone too far. Amassing an invasion force on the borders of a country is not acceptable behaviour. Sanctions should have been imposed months ago and ratcheted up the longer Russia maintained its threat. They have not been because they would not have made a blind bit of difference to Putin’s behaviour. Putin has already won this engagement. He has achieved multiple foreign policy aims without a shot being fired. Perhaps the most important of these is to establish the West no longer has the courage to face him. What follows from here, virtually automatically, is his unbridled sway over former USSR countries, free from Western interference. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Do you think Ukraine would now trust us? After years of overtures to make them face in our direction, we have abandoned them. They will not make that mistake again in a hurry and the same applies to all other Russian satellite states. Remember it was the US and the UK that convinced Ukraine to give up its nuclear weapons. What a folly they must now know that to have been. Whether Russia invades Ukraine or not is purely a matter of discretion for Putin. He is a cat playing with a mouse. He can do whatever he pleases. It is this empowerment he sought and what we have gifted to him. Underlying all of this is a weakness that has gripped the West for decades, particularly in Europe. We have steadily disarmed ourselves with military strength right across Europe being a shadow of its former self. The British army may be the best in Europe but it is still pretty hopeless. European countries are under armed, weak and divided. Lessons need to be relearned. At the heart of these is that we cannot endlessly consume our peace dividend. We cannot turn a blind eye to the threats of Russia and China. If we want global peace, we must be prepared for war.