Rafael Nadal has overseen the best start to a new season of his glittering career to open 2022 after winning a ‘strange match’ to move to 12-0. It is the first time the Spaniard has opened a season 12-0 in his career, and he secured the result by defeating Stefan Kozlov at the Mexican Open. Nadal began 2022 on fire, winning the Melbourne Summer Set Trophy before storming to a record-breaking Australian Open title. The win - a thrilling five-set triumph over Daniil Medvedev in the final -  ensured Nadal became the first man to win 21 Grand Slams. After winning his opening match against Denis Kudla in Acapulco fairly comfortably, the world number five followed it up with a 6-0 6-3 victory over Kozlov to reach the quarter-finals. Nadal's previous best start to a season came in 2014, when he won 11 matches before losing to Stan Wawrinka in the Australian Open final. JUST IN: Djokovic gives verdict on Zverev after appalling Mexico Open conduct “A little bit of a strange match,” Nadal admitted after his win. “Kozlov has a different style than most other players, so you need to be very careful. “Sometimes you are able to win points in a row, but then if you start to play at his rhythm, it’s very difficult because he has great control from the baseline and he’s very smart. “Always it’s important to win as quick as possible, but the most important thing is to win. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu stalker given five-year restraining orderDjokovic brushes vaccine drama aside to book quarters spot in Dubai Murray hints at short-term solution to coaching woes after Dubai loss “Tonight has been straight sets, that’s great news, and I’ll try to be ready for tomorrow again against a tough opponent.” The opening set took only 32 minutes to complete as the Spaniard broke three times and Kozlov failed to pick up even a single game. The American finally got on the scoreboard in game two of the second set before Nadal broke in game four. Kozlov found some form in game seven as he got back on serve when Nadal hit a backhand volley into the net, but it was short-lived as the second seed broke again in the next game. Nadal will face Tommy Paul in the last eight after the American defeated Dusan Lajovic, while Medvedev - the top seed - could meet the 35-year-old in the semi-final. Russia's Medvedev needed little over an hour to beat Spain's Pablo Andujar 6-1 6-2 and keep his bid to become world number one on track. Medvedev, who faces Yoshihito Nishioka next, will replace Novak Djokovic at the top of the rankings if he wins the title in Mexico.