Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that his country had been abandoned by the West in its fight against Russia. In a late night address, President Zelenskyy told his fellow Ukrainians that their country had been "left alone" to fight its battle against Russian forces. He confirmed that 137 soldiers had been killed on Thursday, the first day of fighting. Despite several calls to European and US officials, the Ukraine leader admitted that none had directly responded to Ukraine's request to join NATO. Speaking at a podium, President Zelenskyy said: "We have been left alone to defend our state. "Like yesterday, the world’s most powerful forces are watching from afar. "Who is ready to fight alongside us? I don’t see anyone. "Who is ready to give Ukraine a guarantee of NATO membership? Everyone is afraid." JUST IN: Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO President Zelenskyy also said that sanctions from Western allies had not convinced Russia to withdraw from an attack. He said: "Was Russia convinced by yesterday’s sanctions? We hear in our sky and see on our earth that this was not enough." Overnight, loud explosions were reported across Kiev as Ukrainian officials expect a tank attack on the capital later today. An adviser to Ukraine’s interior minister warned that Friday could become the hardest day in the war. In his address to both Ukrainians and Russians alike, President Zelenskyy again urged President Putin to back down. He said: "Russia will have to talk to us sooner or later about how to end hostilities and stop this invasion. "The sooner the conversation begins, the smaller Russia’s losses will be.” DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Ice warning brings ‘sharp frost’ to suffering commuters [FORECAST]Putin could deploy mobile crematorium death machine to 'evaporate' [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: Rees-Mogg masterstroke shuts down gloating Rejoiners [LIVE BLOG] On Thursday, Ukrainian officials confirmed that they had lost control of the decommissioned Chernobyl nuclear power plant. UK defence secretary Ben Wallace suggested that the Russian army had failed to deliver on its objectives on the first day of its invasion. Mr Wallace suggested that the Russian fighters had lost more than 450 personnel. He added that it is the view of British intelligence that Russia intends to invade the whole of Ukraine.