Aries (Mar21/Apr20) After a reasonably quiet start to the week, friends are likely to take up a lot of your time during the latter half. A group project cannot move forward without a determined effort. Because this means a lot to you, it won't be a problem to make some time to help out. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You've never liked contention. A workplace disagreement will upset you more than you will show. Although you have your own opinions, by taking a neutral stance, you will be able to walk away and leave others to their own arguments. Gemini (May22/June21) Stay calm and patient in an emotionally charged situation. Although you feel you should get involved, watching from the sidelines will help you work out who and what is causing the problem. When you could do with some help, you might be surprised by the reaction. Cancer (June22/July23) People you work with or study with will be more willing to talk to you openly in a private setting. You could learn a lot about their views, plans and dreams and these are things they would never have discussed in a crowded setting. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: 'Intense' Pisces likes to play 'anthropologist' Leo (July24/Aug23) An important document will go missing causing a few stressful moments but it will turn up in safe hands. Trust your own judgement. You have masses of common sense when it comes to dealing with work and money matters. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You're growing impatient with workmates and housemates who seem unable to carry out their obligations. Does someone need help with certain chores? Are you being too harsh in your dealings with others?  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) An offer that sounds too good to be true probably will be. It would be great to think this is an excellent opportunity to make some money or improve your life in some way but it is more likely that someone is thinking of their own interests. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) What you say and who you say it to could have big consequences. It will make sense for you to think carefully about what comments you make, where, when and who to. Someone will cause an argument simply by throwing a careless comment into a conversation. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Family and domestic affairs come under the spotlight. You will be putting some deep thought and consideration into home-related concerns. You're waiting to know the consequences of a recent decision and Wednesday will bring the moment of truth. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Just like your charm and charisma, your energy levels are in overdrive. It isn't often that other people see this more outgoing side of your personality. Not only this, but you will enjoy any opportunity to put your imagination to creative use. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Rather than taking part in a group event with everyone shouting their ideas at once, you will prefer to work with a small team of people. This will be more fun too when you can give those you haven't had a lot of time for lately, your undivided attention.