Emmerdale actor Kelvin Fletcher posted an update from inside his car today as he was stuck with his pregnant wife Liz and two young children. He explained there had been a power cut at his home. The 38-year-old updated his 429k followers while his children Marnie, five, and Milo, two, squealed with delight. Liz, who is five months pregnant with twins, could also be seen in the passenger’s seat. Strictly Come Dancing winner Kelvin explained he had been unable to watch the final instalment in his BBC series Kelvin’s Big Farming Adventure. “We’re all in the car, Milo’s in the car, mummy is driving,” he explained. “We’ve had a power cut, we have been out of power for the last three hours. “We rushed home to try to catch the last episode tonight of Kelvin’s Big Farming Adventure, we’ve had a power cut! “So we can’t even get home. “We are just literally sat on the drive in the car.” Kelvin added: “Hope everyone is cosy, with power!” Explaining the nightmare situation, he continued: “I was out doing some farm work when Liz arrived, and the power had just gone. “So we went to a local pub up the road, had some tea and thought we’d chill out there for a couple of hours and when we get back home the power will be on. “Wasn’t the case!” DON'T MISS:David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [SECRETSBBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE] The dad-of-two recently spoke out about the lessons he has learnt throughout the year, particularly the health concerns of farmers. According to figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), there were a total of 44 suicides registered in England and Wales of those working in the farming and agricultural industry in 2020. In light of these statistics, the Farm Safety Foundation, also known as Yellow Wellies, began the Mind Your Head campaign which ran from February 14 to February 18. The foundation said a recent study showed that mental health issues among farmers and agricultural workers are of growing concern and are having a direct impact on safety on farms. Plus, a survey of 450 farmers under the age of 40 found that 92 percent suggested poor mental health is the biggest hidden problem facing farmers today – up from 82 percent in 2018. Having been “welcomed so warmly” by the farming community, Kelvin felt strongly about the cause, admitting he had “no idea” the problem had become so bad. “I feel really privileged to have been welcomed so warmly by the farming community, who have supported me so much since I started my farm last year,” he said. “Before joining farming, I had no idea the community was so heavily impacted by bad mental health.” * For confidential support, aall 116 123 to talk to Samaritans, or email: jo@samaritans.org for a reply within 24 hours. Alternatively you can text "SHOUT" to 85258 to contact the Shout Crisis Text Line, or text "YM" if you're under 19.