Gary Neville has labelled Romelu Lukaku 'not good enough' as speculation continues to surround his Chelsea future. The claim is the latest warning to the Blues, who may well be forced to up their efforts to sign Erling Haaland in order to address their striker woes this summer. Thomas Tuchel's side failed to add to their recent silverware haul on Sunday as they were dramatically beaten by Liverpool on penalties, after both teams failed to make the breakthrough over 120 minutes of action. The German opted to start Kai Havertz in attack with both Lukaku and Timo Werner left to settle for cameos off the bench at Wembley. Prior to the match, Sky Sports pundit Neville predicted the £97.5million Belgian in particular wouldn't make the starting XI, while branding his current form "not good enough". "I don’t think he’ll play," Neville declared. "I think his form is not good enough. JUST IN: Thiago in tears on Liverpool bench after injury at Carabao Cup final  "For me, thinking a bit as a centre-back or a defender, I wouldn’t want to play against Lukaku because I think physically he’d cause me a lot more problems than the alternatives, who are obviously a lot more mobile. "However, I just think at the moment Thomas Tuchel has almost announced to us verbally in the last few weeks that he’s just having a bad time, that Chelsea strikers seem to struggle and he is struggling with form, so I don’t think he will play. "I think he’ll play the more mobile ones, the ones that can move in behind the Liverpool defenders." Lukaku's starting spot snub for the Carabao Cup final is just the latest episode which adds fuel to the fire surrounding the future of the Chelsea striker. READ MORE: Gary Neville admits Liverpool have proved him wrong Following a strong start to his second spell at Stamford Bridge at the beginning of the season, injury saw Lukaku sidelined, and he subsequently failed to recapture his form once recovered. Speculation surrounding a second Chelsea exit was then rife after the 28-year-old publicly questioned Tuchel's tactics and revealed he craved a return to former employers Inter Milan, in a controversial interview with Sky Italia. Lukaku issued an apology in the aftermath of the revelations and looked to have steered his Chelsea career back on track after netting in both the semi-final and final of the Blues' victorious Club World Cup campaign. However, despite that, the Belgian has struggled to assert himself as Chelsea's star man up top, as proven by his snub on Sunday.  Tuchel now appears to have a decision to make heading into the summer, especially given Erling Haaland is believed to be available for a cut-price fee. The Borussia Dortmund striker is one of the hottest properties in Europe and is the subject of an epic transfer tussle between a number of the continent's top teams following reports that a £67m release clause will become active at the end of the season. While Havertz has impressed in Chelsea blue, both Lukaku and Werner have ultimately failed to live up to the billing since their Stamford Bridge arrivals, leading to suggestions a new striker is required. Despite claiming the Champions League crown last year, the Blues have again fallen some way short in their pursuit of the Premier League title and currently sit in third, 16 points adrift of Manchester City with only two games in hand.  