UPDATE: The team news is in for Arsenal vs Wolves which is broadcasting exclusively on Amazon's Prime Video service tonight. If you want to find out how both teams line up, as well as details on how to watch a free live stream, then we've got all you need to know below... Arsenal starting line-up: Ramsdale, Soares, White, Gabriel, Tierney, Odegaard, Partey, Xhaka, Saka, Lacazette, Martinelli Wolves starting line-up: Sa, Kilman, Coady, Saiss, Semedo, Neves, Moutinho, Ait Nouri, Hwang, Jimenez, Podence ORIGINAL: Arsenal will welcome Wolves to North London tonight for the latest Premier League clash to stream exclusively on Amazon's popular Prime Video service. The match kicks off at 7.45pm tonight and will be available to stream via a web browser, dedicated iOS and Android apps, as well as Smart TV and set-top boxes, like Sky Q, Virgin Media TV 360, Apple TV and more. Best of all, you can watch without paying a penny. If you've not used Prime Video before you can even sign up now and get a month of free access to this service. It's a big game for both sides with the teams sitting sixth and seventh in the league. A win for Wolves would see them jump above both Arsenal and West Ham whilst the home side will be looking to take the victory and to make it a hat-trick of wins. Speaking about the rest of the 2022 season ahead Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta said: "I think it will be a bit of a rollercoaster. "There will be moments when a team opens up a bit of a gap, then it catches up. You see the fixtures we all have to play and they are extremely tricky. We will see. "There is going that pressure because mathematically, it is possible but our focus has to be today. Train well today, prepare well today, be mentally ready, physically ready, tactically ready tomorrow to play a really difficult match and show it on the pitch. That should be the only aim. Arsenal vs Wolves live stream: How to watch To tune-in to the game at The Emirates tonight, you'll need access to Prime Video. This is available as a standalone subscription – like rivals Disney+ and Netflix – at £7.99 a month. However, the video streaming service is also included as a perk of the annual Prime membership scheme, which also includes a number of other benefits, like speedy next-day delivery on items from Amazon at no extra cost, access to Prime Reading ebooks on their Kindle, free streaming from Amazon Music, and Prime Gaming. Regardless of whether you have Prime Video as part of an annual Prime membership or a standalone subscription, you'll enjoy the same experience within the app itself. Sports, shows and movies can be streamed via Prime Video on a smartphone (apps for both iPhone and Android are available), tablet (Android, iPad and Amazon Fire tablets are all supported), as well as a number of streaming devices, including Amazon Fire TV, Roku, and Apple TV. Set-top boxes, including Sky Q, Virgin Media's TV 360, Talk Talk and BT TV boxes are also supported by Prime Video. Playstation and Xbox games consoles are also supported. Not everything available as part of your Prime Video subscription will be available to watch when you're away from the UK. Prime Video, just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Sky Go and a number of other services, place restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below...