Emma Raducanu's historic win at the US Open last year has many tipping her for more instant success on the WTA Tour, but Andrew Castle doesn't think that will be the case for the young Brit. Raducanu became a superstar overnight following her heroic run at the US Open just a few months ago. It's been a whirlwind for Raducanu since, although she's struggled to deliver at other WTA events since. Raducanu made her Australian Open debut last month, but suffered from bad blistering before being knocked out in the second round. Despite her loss, Raducanu has continued climbing up the rankings and is now up to 12th on the WTA Tour. She's the top seed heading into this week's event in Mexico with Madison Keys, Sara Sorribes Tormo and Camila Osorio among the other favourites to win. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu warned of 'incredibly hard' problem in Mexico  There will be certain expectations on the 19-year-old to go deep in the event, although the high-altitude conditions will certainly test those competing. But Castle has urged for expectations to be lowered on what Raducanu can achieve in the immediate future. While the former British No 1 is hopeful of seeing Raducanu dominate on the WTA Tour, Castle believes his young compatriot will need more time to gain some experience. “Now those of us in the game are saying hold your horses… you are unlikely to see her winning another Grand Slam any time soon," he told Tennis365. DON'T MISS  “She is going to need two or three years to build into being a regular WTA Tour player. I know she won the US Open without losing a set, 10 matches, coming through qualifying and it is remarkable. “That was an illustration of talent and it was almost an aberration, some madness that she went ahead and won that. “So to ask people to be patient (with her) now, I don’t think they really understand. "So people will write her off if she goes out in the first or second round of events and that’s what she will do. That is life on tour. Even the world No 1 loses matches. “It’s just a question of waiting and allowing her to gain and gather experience. Also to adjust to what is pretty rarified air (around here). "She can’t go and do anything like she used to. You are doing your A levels one minute and no one has heard of you and now you have money, glory and fame instantly. "I’m not feeling sorry for her, but it’s a major test.”