Mercedes and Red Bull are fully aware that they might not have the upcoming Formula 1 season their own way. No other team could get close to them in 2021 in terms of performance, but with new technical rules forcing every team to start from scratch in terms of their development, the balance of power may well shift going forwards. Red Bull's Max Verstappen is defending champion and so has to be counted as one of the pre-season favourites for the title again in 2022. The same goes for Lewis Hamilton, who missed out infamously last year but is a seven-time champion and arguably the greatest the sport has ever seen. Their respective team-mates Sergio Perez and George Russell are also expected to be able to perform strongly as they will have the same machinery as last year's title race protagonists. But Red Bull chief has already warned his drivers of one potential new challenger over the course of the coming campaign. "[Ferrari are] the dark horse," he told TalkSPORT last week. JUST IN: Toto Wolff, Christian Horner agree on Lewis Hamilton's 'bias' comment "They've been a sleeping giant for a number of years now and you get the feeling they might be waking up. I wouldn't write them off." Horner's prediction is in line with other suggestions from various sources who believe the Italian team is confident that it can challenge at the front in 2022. And Ferrari drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz aren't the only ones who have been tipped for a title tilt, with former Red Bull racer Mark Webber pointing out another potential challenger. "Fernando [Alonso] drives well; the guy's still a bit of a magician," he said earlier this month. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton explains snooping on Max Verstappen's car in BarcelonaAlfa Romeo's camouflage car as Bottas' livery kept under wrapsLewis Hamilton and co 'sent letter' to FIA demanding F1 rule changes "He's the last guy you want hanging around in front of you or behind you in the mirror for two hours. He's extremely good at applying pressure in unconventional ways. "He's still very, very good. Let's see how next year goes with the new car; it will be interesting. If Alpine brings a rocket, he could be dangerous." After day one of testing it seems the identity of the latest potential challenger has been uncovered. McLaren ace Lando Norris set the fastest time of anyone despite completing 60 laps fewer than Verstappen. He was, however, helped by the fact he was the only driver over the course of the day to set a time on C4 compound tyres – the softest and therefore fastest in use in Barcelona. Plus, testing results are hardly a reliable indicator of performance for the coming season, considering each team will be trialling different setups and ironing out problems rather than focussing on going hell for leather. Young Briton Norris has long been regarded as a potential future champion, though, with Damon Hill being an example of one pundit who has tipped him to have a bright future. "[Norris is] just a cut above, able to sail through difficulties," he told Express Sport in December. "Both George [Russell] and Lando are great racers, really good at when it comes to getting stuck into the race, and the qualifying pace is there too. "Running at the front is about other things, and not allowing them to interfere with your talent. That's another challenge, but they both seem really smart kids and I'm sure they will be able to cope."