All Creatures Great and Small star Samuel West joined the Welcome to Yorkshire, Talkshire podcast with Caroline Nickle and discussed his life before and after the hit Channel 5 series. Discussing the success of the series, Samuel revealed he was approached by the broadcasting company to star in the series and paid them heartfelt thank you for his success. Caroline asked: "Were you approached about the role, or did you hear about it and hunt it down?" Samuel revealed: "I was approached for the role, and I think that it has something to do with the fact that Playground Television who made it who took it to Channel 5. "They had just cancelled Big Brother and had freed up several hundred hours of programming which they decided to fill with a drama as good as they could make it. "Playground had just made Wolf Hall and Howards End the television series and were obviously looking after this project extremely well. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? "But I think if the BBC had made it and they did take it to the BBC, and the BBC wanted to do a pilot and Channel 5 said they would go straight to series. "So Playground quite properly said 'Well, let's do a series then' but I think if it had been on the BBC, I wouldn't have been in it because I am not quite famous enough. "But the nice thing about Playground working with Channel 5 is it's a slightly smaller company, slightly smaller station, and they are a bit more limber. "They can work faster if they like something they can make it again quicker they don't have to go into an enormous amount of focus groups or hundreds of executives they just said 'Yeah we really like this let's do some more. "[So] when they approached me, the producer and the original director and the writer had prepared the role incredibly well. "[They] sent me enough about it for me to think this is going to be layered and beautifully layered by people and a company I really respect, so I said yes with great joy. "And I can't imagine what the last three years of my life would have been without this job given how many of our professional colleagues have suffered so badly in lockdown during the pandemic I mean, it has been a real lifesaver," he admitted. Whilst talking with Caroline, Samuel touched on his childhood and how he got into acting as a career. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on star's clumsy scene [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small's Samuel West on Siegfried and Mrs Hall [LATEST]All Creatures Great And Small's Nicholas Ralph details job criticism [WATCH] He explained: "The problem with childhoods is that you only get one of them, so you never know what other peoples are quite like. "At school, people used to say, 'What’s it like having famous parents?' because my mum was in Fawlty Towers when I was, well she did the first series when I was nine, she played Sybil. "And my dad had just done Edward 7th for ITV playing the King in a 13-part television series, and this was when they were only three channels, so if you were on television in the 70s, you were basically famous. "There wasn’t a lot of other stuff to do, and people at school often said, ‘What’s it like having famous parents?’ and I thought, 'The trouble is I don’t really know what it’s like not to have the parents I’ve got'. "I mean, they were very nice to people when they said, ‘Can we have your autograph please?’ generally fulfilled those requests kindly and promptly." The popular and critically acclaimed adaptation has been confirmed and commissioned for a further two batches on six 60-minute episodes each, plus Christmas specials. Series three and four were again commissioned by Channel 5 deputy director of programmes, ViacomCBS Networks UK, Seb Cardwell, who said: “It is clear that our viewers adore James Herriot’s adventures in Darrowby, and so do we at Channel 5. "I am looking forward to us all being reunited with the Skeldale House family when series three arrives on our screens this year.” All Creature Great and Small is available to watch on My5.