Today’s horoscope is extremely juicy and you’re going to be excited to hear what’s in store. The major themes are luck, stability, planning, rationality, fate, destiny, projects, and goals. Get your head down today because whatever seeds you sow will certainly come to fruition when the time is right! Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology, and zodiac forecast for February 28. The main event of the day is Venus, the planet of love and Mars, the planet of action and drive forming an aspect with the True North Node. The North Node isn’t a planetary body. It’s a mathematical point in the sky marked by where the Moon and Sun cross paths. The nodes are directly opposite each other in opposite signs. Right now, the North Node is in Taurus and the South Node is in Scorpio. They will stay here until July 19, 2023, and then change signs. READ MORE- Pisces New Moon horoscope: When’s the next New Moon? The North and South Nodes are all about fate and destiny. The North Node specifically deals with this lifetime, while the South Node is about your past life. When something interesting happens with the Nodes transit and aspect-wise, we can expect to deal with these themes and consider our past and current destiny. Today, Venus and Mars are trining the North Node and we are motivated to “grow, improve, and pursue our desires.” You might be feeling a little competitive with the North Node trining Venus and Mars, but peace and fortune are your focus today. Cafe Astrology said: “While some light competition could motivate us now, we are also more dedicated than usual to creating harmony. “We might use our people skills or appeal to help us reach our goals. “We could feel lucky in love or business, and we might make a fortunate connection. “There can be an opportunity to reconnect and realign ourselves with our purpose. “There is a sense that we’re heading in the right direction or that we want to take steps to grow and thrive.” DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: Most ‘unique’ sign needs to look for one thing [INFORMER]Horoscopes & love: Scorpio warned of ‘surprising’ change [INSIGHT]How each star sign likes to unwind - according to astrology [EXPLAINER] Meanwhile, the Moon is in humanitarian Aquarius, reinforcing a desire to mingle and share. Cafe Astrology said: “Attraction to all that is new and unusual, and an instinctive need for improvement, characterise the Moon in Aquarius. “Conversations later today can be notably heady or practical. Reactions are more intellectual than emotional, and interactions are more impersonal than personal, under this influence. “This is a time that promotes social gatherings, dealing with group ideals and goals for the future, brainstorming, new ideas, and progressive changes. “We are open to new methods of doing things and we have our eye on the future. “It can be hard to stick to schedules now, as personal freedom is most important to us.” The Moon in Aquarius generally favours the following activities: The Moon is squaring Uranus today, so we may feel a little bit on edge or bored. Tarot.com said: “Fighting boredom can be high on our agenda today. “The Moon square to Uranus brings with it an urge to rock the boat, if not capsize it completely. “Maybe things do need shaking up a little, but change for the sake of change could prove to be a major problem. “We might want to ignore our original plans in favour of going with the flow. Whatever needs our attention should soon become clear.”