Prime Minister Boris Johnson has slapped down Europe's "addiction" to Russian oil and gas supplies as Parliament met to discuss further sanctions to punish the Kremlin for invading Ukraine. Mr Johnson urged EU countries to move away from reliance on hydrocarbons supplied by Russia after Vladimir Putin ordered troops to invade Ukraine in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Mr Johnson told MPs: "I think the key thing is to get people first of all to recognise the scale of that dependency, as in any addiction. "That's what we're doing and UK Government has been making that point the whole time to our friends because it's got worse since 2014. "But what we're also doing is helping countries for instance, in the Baltic states to go further and faster with renewable technology." It comes as the Prime Minister unveiled Britain's largest-ever package of sanctions against Russia. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  Speaking to parliament just hours after Putin declared war with Ukraine, Mr Johnson said the Russian leader would be condemned by the world and by history for his invasion. He added that the Russian leader would never be able to cleanse the "blood of Ukraine from his hands". "This hideous and barbarous venture of Vladimir Putin must end in failure," the Prime Minister told parliament when announcing the new sanctions. "For our part today the UK is announcing the largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen," Mr Johnson told Parliament.  The invasion of Ukraine followed months of Russian military buildup along the country's borders. Announcing the invasion in a televised address, Mr Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to "consequences they have never seen". He said Russia does not intend to occupy Ukraine, and claimed responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime". Western officials have reported forces crossing over from Belarus, where they have been engaged in large-scale exercises, and from Russian-occupied Crimea. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] They are also said to have moved into the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Mr Putin has recognised the two breakaway "republics" of Donetsk and Luhansk. Ukraine's ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, has said anti-tank weapons supplied by the UK had been used against Russian tanks on Thursday, as he called on Nato to send troops into Ukraine. He said "we should have started much earlier, maybe decades ago" to prepare for Russian aggression. "That's why we've been trying to get into Nato (for) all these years," he added, "because we always believed this would come."