One of six chasers on game show, The Chase, Jenny Ryan joined the show in ITV 2015. The TV personality has been very guarded about whether she's in a relationship, but did allude to having a partner in a tweet from 2016. In 2016, Jenny tweeted about her partner in reply to a post by the WeRateDogs account. She wrote: “My boyfriend is shark phobic but dog-obsessed so I am showing him all #BarkWeek pics to help him get over his fear. Cheers x.” The sweet post on the micro-blogging site included a picture of a dog wearing a shark costume. Since the tweet, however, Jenny has chosen not to disclose any further information about her private life. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years of marriage  Jenny, who has had a recent makeover, frequently posts updates about her life on social media, but has kept quiet about her current relationship status. The 39-year-old, known as The Vixen on The Chase due to her red hair and iconic beehive, was recently a contestant on The X Factor: Celebrity. She said she received support from her colleagues, who encouraged her to join the show. Speaking to Digital Spy, she said of TV presenter, Bradley Walsh: “He’s always, from the time I joined The Chase, he's always encouraged me to push myself and to explore whatever opportunities that I’m given. “And so that’s one of the reasons that I accepted the invitation to audition in the first place, because people have encouraged me and I’ve held myself back quite a lot because of a lack of confidence.” Last month, Jenny revealed that she had been struggling with her mental health during a “tough” month. Jenny took to Instagram in view of her 61,000 followers to explain her social media absence. She reshared a video she had uploaded on TikTok. DON’T MISS: Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea after family member's farewell [INSIGHT] Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit show after own exit [NEWS] Brenda Edwards' Loose Women co-star Jane Moore speaks out on cause of Jamal's death [LATEST]    She captioned it: “Wobbly mental health checkpoint.” Jenny has suffered from depression and mental health issues since her teens Jenny said: “I've not been doing much social media for a little while. “That's because I've been struggling with my 'wobbly' mental health.” Jenny encouraged her followers to be supportive of others who may be facing mental health difficulties. She said: “Will you reach out to a friend of yours who you haven't heard from in a while… “… It doesn't have to be a deep and meaningful chat. “Just send them a meme or a TikTok, and it will have such a positive impact on somebody who's feeling down at the moment.”