When Romelu Lukaku was signed from Inter Milan in the summer for £97.5million, Thomas Tuchel will have expected to have solved Chelsea’s goal scoring woes for the foreseeable future. However, the striker has made a slow start at Stamford Bridge and it could lead to the Blues boss looking for alternatives. But the poor form of Lukaku could be bad news for Arsenal, who are keen to sign Chelsea academy graduate Armando Broja but may now not be able to prise him away from their London rivals. Lukaku has scored just five goals in 17 Premier League appearances so far this season and his general performances have fallen well below the expectation of a player of his quality. The Belgium international has struggled to make an impact in numerous fixtures, with his lack of touches hitting the headlines of late. Lukaku set a new Premier League record for the fewest touches (seven) made by a player who played the entirety of a match since the 2003/04 campaign, according to Opta. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation Of course, the lack of impact made by the club’s record signing is a cause for concern at Chelsea, and Tuchel addressed the matter Monday. The former Paris Saint-Germain boss said: “The data is out there and the data speaks a certain language. He was not involved in our game, it's sometimes like this with strikers. If they struggle a bit with self-confidence, to find the space and to get involved against a good defensive side, it can be like this. "It's not what we want or Romelu wants, but it's also not the time to laugh about him and make jokes about him. He's in the spotlight but we will protect him." Lukaku was in scintillating form in Milan before making his return to Chelsea and many expected the time away from the Premier League to be the making of the 28-year-old. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  But, unfortunately for Arsenal, if Lukaku continues to underperform then it would be no surprise to see Broja given a chance. The Albania international has impressed on loan at Southampton this season, scoring six goals in 21 appearances for Ralph Hassenhuttl’s men and proving a handful for every defence he has lined up against. At 20 years old, it is clear to see why the Gunners would be keen to add Broja to their ranks, especially considering they are set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah at the end of the season. Express Sport exclusively revealed that Broja is refusing to rule anything out this summer but is keen to see what role he could be offered at Chelsea. Lukaku has already planted the seed about returning to Inter Milan in his interview with Sky Italia earlier on in the season and the striker could already have his heart set on departing despite claims he is committed to the cause in London. That would come as a huge blow to Arsenal, who are one of several Premier League clubs interested in Broja, as it could open up a space for the youngster in the Chelsea team. Tuchel is set on getting the very best out of his Belgian No 9 and certainly won’t be giving up on the former Manchester United forward. He said: “There is a history of strikers struggling a little bit at Chelsea so it may not be the easiest place in the world for strikers. I don't know why it's like this. "In my opinion, Chelsea are a team considered a strong defensive team, a physical team, that has a certain attitude when in competitive football. "We demand a lot of our strikers in terms of defending. We want to be a physical, hard-working group that wants to play a physical game and a skilful game. That maybe plays a part. "We are on the subject and are well aware, but like always in football, it's not just one reason to sort a problem. It's a complex sport and we will try to continue to play with faith, with a team effort."