Paramount Network’s highly acclaimed western series Yellowstone recently came to an end in January with its jaw-dropping season four finale. One of the newest faces Piper Perabo who played Summer revealed what it was like working on the show and shared which one of her co-stars she was fangirling over.  Summer Higgins (played by Piper Perabo) first made her appearance in episode eight titled ‘Under the Blanket of Red.’ She made an unforgettable entrance as an environmental activist who had been protesting against industrialised farming in Montana. By doing so she was arrested for her role in organising the protest which Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) broke up. Her attitude and brashness caught the attention of John Dutton (Kevin Costner) whom she was basically campaigning against.  READ MORE: Jane McDonald second husband: Why did she split from Henrik Brixen? Industrialised farming was the act of large scale intensive production of crops and animals, which often involved chemical fertilisers. This was exactly what John’s Dutton ranch was all about, it had been in his lineage for over seven generations and it was the largest ranch in the United States. He was so impressed by her tenacity, John bailed her out of prison and offered to show her around the ranch in the hope they could understand each other better. However, getting tangled with the Dutton family and Montana politics, led Summer to an unsettling situation by the season four finale.   In an interview with TVLine, actress Piper recalled the moment she got to work with her co-star and one of her favourite actresses Jacki Weaver. She revealed: “I have to say when I found out that Jacki Weaver was going to be in this season of Yellowstone, I was so excited. “She’s one of my favourite actresses, I’d never met her in real life, I’d never seen her in real life until Yellowstone, but I have seen all of her work. “I was so excited and I had to really try and be cool and not be a fangirl the first time I met her.”  DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]Y 1883 Ennis’ star drops huge clue towards secret twin theory [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Gil Birmingham on the realities of the vision quest [INSIGHT] Piper thought back and added: “She walked in, in her leather jacket and I thought to myself, ‘Oh my God, it’s Jacki Weaver.’ “But she was so cool and I think she’s terrifying on screen. She’s so powerful. The actress concluded: “I think she’s the perfect person to be the sort of villain that goes up against the Duttons because even someone like Beth Dutton would be nervous to tangle with Jacki Weaver.” The Dutton Ranch had a number of eyes on it as the land was under threats of land developers, Casino Moguls and The Broken Rock Reservation.  Season four introduced Carol Warner (Jackie Weaver) as the latest people hungry to acquire the Dutton ranch. However, she was more ruthless than the others, speaking on her character Jackie stated Carol was: “A city slicker walking through fields of cowpats in designer heels and classy tailored suits. She looks out of place, but she’s terrifying.” During the season, Summer made enemies with John's daughter Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) as she got right in between the family. However, the two had a common enemy which gave them the opportunity to work on the same side, but things turned nasty between them when Summer slept with John. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream in the USA on Paramount Network and available to watch on Paramount Network UK