Sister Sledge ft Sledgendary star Tanya Ti-et has weighed in on the performance of the band's hit '70s song, We Are Family on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing last year. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the singer shared her thoughts after it was performed by John Whaite and Johannes Radebe, who stunned with their incredible performance to the disco song. The latest series of the popular dance competition saw John and Johannes perform the Salsa to the disco hit. Speaking about the performance, the Sister Sledge ft. Sledgendary singer shared her thoughts on the dance, despite not having seen the moment yet. She said: "That song comes on and it's just an automatic celebration. "It sounds beautiful. READ MORE: Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit "That's exactly what happens though. "Everybody just- it's a celebration immediately. "It's always been that way," she gushed. However, it was also during the energetic number that John dramatically dropped Johannes after the latter took a dramatic tumble at the end of their dance. John appeared to struggle to get a grip on his partner, which led to Johannes falling as their performance finished. Speaking to host Tess Daly and the judges following the performance, Johannes apologised, explaining that he had given John the wrong arm to hold. The error saw the South African star being dropped unceremoniously during the final few seconds of the Salsa. Johannes said: "I gave him the wrong hand." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT]John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [ANALYSIS]Victoria Beckham 'hints she's making return to Spice Girls' [UPDATE] Fortunately, despite their blunder, the duo went on to score an incredible 32 points. Tanya also told how she came to land a spot in the group in 2002. She explained her first ever performance was with the band in Ibiza, Spain, following a surprise audition. Tanya was in disbelief over being invited to audition with the band, which saw her sing with two of the sisters. She continued: "And next thing I know, I'm getting a phone call about a possible rehearsal with Sister Sledge. "And I was like, 'What?!' So of course, I agreed. "And I went down and I met Joni and Debbie and I sang a few of the songs." Sister Sledge ft Sledgendary's debut single Free is out now. 