The Congestion Charge is a daily fee that motorists must pay to drive in central London. The Charge operates within the London Inner Ring Road and is enforced to reduce congestion and help tackle air pollution. After an extensive 10-week public consultation that received nearly 10,000 responses, changes to this Charge have been made and will be implemented as of Monday, February 21. Changes include scrapping the evening charge and reducing operating hours to 7am to 6pm, and hours on weekends and bank holidays will reduce to 12pm to 6pm. These changes are targeted at reducing traffic at the busiest times. The Congestion Charge will remain at £15 - the rate set at the start of the pandemic to ensure traffic was reduced so essential journeys could take place. Read More: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique The removal of the evening charge is said to support London’s culture, hospitality and night-time businesses - some of which suffered the most during the pandemic, as well as encourage the use of public transport. Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said: “These new changes strike a balance between reducing traffic and congestion and supporting London's economy and residents, and helping ensure our recovery is a green and sustainable one.” Other permanent changes being implemented include extending the deadline for making a delayed payment to three days after travel, with a payment charge of £17.50, and the removal of the Auto Pay and Fleet Auto Pay discount. The ability for residents to pay by App or online for multiple consecutive charging days will also be removed. Residents' discounts for those living within the zone to pay just 10 percent of the Charge will be reinstated, and reimbursement arrangements will be retained to facilitate essential trips made by certain groups. These include NHS patients, care home workers, local councils, and charities during epidemics and pandemics. The expanded NHS staff reimbursement arrangement will also continue. It is estimated sustainable travel will increase compared to before the pandemic as a result, with around 8,000 new public transport trips and 3,000 walking and cycling trips each day on the weekend. The scheme is enforced by Transport for London (TfL), and differs from the ULEZ (Ultra-Low Emission Zone), which spans a larger area. For any further information on congestion changes visit TfL's website here.