Katy Rickitt, 37, has bid farewell to her ITV News Calendar team today ahead of her exit next month. The TV star announced the news in a series of tweets in view of her 20,000 Twitter followers. She explained she initially said she would leave the programme in January, but the recruitment process for her replacement had taken longer due to the coronavirus pandemic. Katy also clarified that she is now set to stay in the role with her “wonderful” colleagues until the end of next month. Sharing three pictures alongside her co-stars, Katy penned: “A little update… so I said I’d be here on secondment til jan it’s now feb… (sic) “A few have been asking what’s going on! Well with Covid etc it’s taken @itvcalendar a little longer to recruit which means I have the pleasure of being with this wonderful team until the end of March…” In separate tweets, Katy explained she would return to Good Morning Britain from April as she thanked viewers for their support. She wrote: “…it’s then time to dust off the early alarm clock and rejoin my @gmb family from April! “Thanks so much to everyone who’s been so supportive and welcomed me into your living rooms at tea time, what a privilege it’s been… “…and as you can see, even with all the bad news there’s been we’ve had some great laughs along the way. “Thanks for all your messages and I really hope some of you will follow me back for the 6am switch.” Katy also wished Lara Rostron good luck as the BBC journalist prepares to step into her shoes at the forefront of Calendar. The broadcaster said: “For those in Yorkshire the lovely @LaraRostronTV will be taking the reigns from April, good luck Lara I know you’ll get the same warm Calendar welcome I did! “My last day at Calendar will be March 31st, I’ll catch a few [sleeping emoji] then see you again on April 18th bright and early on GMB!" DON'T MISS...Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [LATEST]Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [HEALTH]Gardeners' World's Monty Don worries fans with Longmeadow storm damage [UPDATE] She continued: “Really excited to see those I’ve missed again and please if anyone can tell me how better to write a long Twitter message I’d be very grateful.” Katy was soon inundated with replies from ITV colleagues and viewers who lamented her departure. ITV journalist Amelia Beckett tweeted: “You’ll be hugely missed Katy! “It’s been a pleasure to work with you xx” Twitter user Quinny1808 added: “So gutted your leaving so soon. “Its been a real pleasure to have you present Calendar.” (sic) KeithHardy4 penned: “Will miss you while i'm having my tea. But will see in the morning for breakfast. (sic) “Time to get your hat and coat out again.”