The Walking Dead finally returned to AMC after the show left fans waiting for the remainder of the 11th and final season in October 2021. While viewers look forward to the upcoming episodes of the post-apocalyptic horror series, Lauren Cohan, who played Maggie Rhee, opened up about an axed scene with Negan Smith (Jeffrey Dean Morgan).  Throughout the series, Maggie and Negan have had a complicated history filled with more feuds than anything else. One of her biggest dislikes about him was the fact he killed her husband Glenn Rhee (Steven Yeun) in season 10. Maggie returned to screens in season 10 after her brief departure in the first half of season nine and she was beyond furious Negan was walking free after Glenn’s brutal murder. However, with the Reapers being a new common enemy, the two enemies found themselves on the same side of the battle. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute In the show’s huge comeback episode, Maggie found herself in a tense fight scene in a hallway with Reapers, Negan, Elijah (Okea Eme-Akwari), and Brandon Carver (Alex Meraz). During an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Cohan was asked about the scene and unveiled an axed moment. The actress stated: “That was so much fun. I have to say that all in all, this is one of the most fun episodes I've ever had on this show. “Between episode 8 and this is so much action, this sequence felt very visceral to be in this tiny little hallway, and Alex is a great fighter.  “Everybody obviously had stunt people supporting us, but we did a lot of that stuff, and Alex can be so menacing and scary even with three of us versus him, we still get a beatdown. “I mean, that's the most beaten-up I think we've seen Maggie and there was the crack to Okea's leg and all this kind of stuff.” In the tense scene, Carver had chased Maggie down to a dead-end, but thankfully Elijah emerged and he wanted to seek vengeance after Carver murdered his father. Even with Negan’s unexpected arrival, Carver fought with all his might and would have beaten them to death if they hadn’t agreed to keep him as a hostage. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]Has Jeffrey Dean Morgan quit The Walking Dead as Negan? [INSIGHT]  Cohan opened up about the scene and revealed: “One piece that wasn't in the final cut which was great is that there's a moment when Negan disappears. “We shot a piece where you sort of go back to Maggie and you think that she thinks he's actually left. “And the feeling of that was definitely there on the day, like, are you going to meet your maker? “And then, you know, the evil Negan comes back with a bell to just to ring-a-ling save it all.”  The actress concluded: “But it was great fun, there was a lot of chiropractic adjustment afterwards.” Ahead of the season 11 premiere, The Walking Dead showrunner dropped a major clue about Negan and Maggie’s relationship. Angela Kang told Metro: “These two, they don't have a lot of trust in each other and yet they have to work together. “We got really interested in these ideas of can you have redemption? Can there be forgiveness when you start off in this way? Can people who hate each other and don't trust each other and are enemies, can they figure out a productive way to work together? Is it always destined to fail?” She added: “there will be a lot of ups and downs within that over time.” The Walking Dead continues Sunday on AMC. 