Mercedes and Red Bull will join their rival Formula One teams in a crisis meeting to establish the fate of this year's Russian Grand Prix after Thursday's test in Barcelona, according to reports. The fate of the race, which is scheduled to be held in Sochi in September, appears to be hanging in the balance in the wake of Russia's decision to begin an invasion of Ukraine during the early hours of this morning. The ongoing situation between the two nations has already raised plenty of questions over a number of high-profile sporting events, with the UEFA Champions League final set to be moved from St Petersburg as a result of recent events. This year's Russian Grand Prix also looks to be facing a similar outcome after a number of drivers spoke out against the idea of racing in Sochi on Thursday. All 10 teams have agreed to discuss the issue at a 'crisis meeting' on Thursday evening, according to Motorsport.com. It is claimed that Turkey could step in to fulfil the event later this year after the country was named on the F1 calendar in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Aston Martin driver Sebastian Vettel, who also serves as a director of the Grand Prix Drivers' Association (GDPA), has already insisted that he will refuse to race in Russia in light of the current situation. JUST IN: Toto Wolff opens up on ‘brutal’ tensions with Christian Horner "Obviously I woke up again after this morning’s news shocked," Vettel told reporters at a press conference. "I think it’s horrible to see what is happening. Obviously if you look at the calendar, we have a race scheduled in Russia. "For myself, my own opinion is I should not go, I will not go. I think it’s wrong to race in that country. "I’m sorry for the people, innocent people who are losing their lives, getting killed for stupid reasons under a very strange and mad leadership. "I’m sure it’s something we will talk about, but as I said, as GPDA we haven’t come together yet." A handful of team principals were also quizzed on the uncertainty surrounding the Russian Grand Prix on Thursday. Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto went on to suggest that a positive solution may still be found over the race in Sochi, which has been a mainstay in F1 since 2014. "I think at the moment all we can do is only to wait and see and hope for the best," explained Binotto. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "I think from now to the race in September there is time, and my wish is that somehow everything will stop very soon. "F1 is trying to manage the situation, we will have a meeting between us already tonight, try to understand what's the situation, how to cope and how to manage with it. "So I think at the moment we can only try to, not saying standby, but certainly try to have between us a deep discussion, understand all the implications, and make the right choice for the future. "But I think F1 In that situation is not the most important one. What's most important is what's happening there, which as I said is very sad."