Cleaning your glass shower door or screen may seem like a never-ending cycle battling stubborn limescale. However, Reddit users have a few cleaning hacks up their sleeves when it comes to tackling watermarks. Though you should regularly clean your shower door for hygiene purposes, minerals in the water droplets spraying against the door can also leave it looking unsightly. This can be even worse in areas with particularly hard water, where the mineral density is higher. However, the answer to your problems could come in the form of rain repellent, according to a Reddit thread dedicated to "smart ways" to clean glass shower doors. A user named Jasminth-tech said: "I use Rain-X on them just like a windshield, keeps the water rolling off and them looking nice for a lot longer with less cleaning." READ MORE: Inside Princess Eugenie's home Frogmore Cottage - formerly Meghan's Rain-X is a brand of exterior glass water repellent treatment, available at stores such as Halfords, which is traditionally used on car windcreens to "improve your visibility when driving in rain, sleet and snow". The liquid seals the microscopic pores on the windscreen glass to create an invisible water-repellent barrier. It even helps prevent dirt, mud, and insects from sticking to automobile glass surfaces. However, according to savvy Reddit users, when applied to your glass shower door or screen, it can reduce how often you need to clean it. DON'T MISS'Works wonders!' Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tips to remove mould  [COMMENT]Lawn care tips: Winter mowing hack for a ‘green and fresh lawn’ [EXPLAINER]Grout cleaning hack: How to clean grout with baking soda [REVEALED] A user posting under the name Hilldowntree-road said: "Kept my shower doors clean like this for five years, works perfectly." According to Rain-X the product: "Can be used on glass shower doors without any etching to achieve the benefits of Rain-X water beading in the shower. They add: "Rain-X should not be used on plastic shower doors." Other users recommend combining the rain repellant with regular squeegeeing. BrantasticHomes explained: "Squeegee after every shower and then wipe with a towel to get them all the way dry. "Use Rain-X to prevent build-up, and if they're already dirty then liquid dish soap works better than any bathroom cleaner to get them sparkling clean without scrubbing." A squeegee is a scraping implement with a rubber edged-bade set on a handle. Most often used for cleaning windows, in the shower, the wiper blade can rid glass of mildew, soap scum and water stains. The key, though, is ensuring you use it after you finish every shower. By doing so you are wiping away the water that would otherwise linger and leave those tenacious soap scum spots. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea