The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will attend the rugby game at Twickenham Stadium on Saturday. There is sure to be some royal rivalry between the couple as William is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, while Kate is the figurehead of the Rugby Football Union. The Duchess recently took over the role from Prince Harry after he quit royal duties. The match is the first Kate will attend since she became patron of the RFU. The Cambridges are known for being sporty and their competitive natures. Earlier this month, the Duchess admitted her new role would "make things interesting" with William.  Kate made the comment as she joined an England training session at Twickenham. The royal got stuck in on the pitch as she met players, referees and coaches from the men's and women's squads ahead of the Six Nations. Ellis Genge, England and Leicester Tigers prop, asked her about the new rivalry with her husband. Kate said: "Ha, yes, what does that mean? We're terribly competitive. READ MORE: Meghan, Harry, Kate and William’s 'fab four’ dream was 'disastrous'  "The fact we're now supporting two different teams is going to make things interesting." During the training session, the future queen was cheered by players as she caught the ball after being lifted high above their heads in a lineout. During training with the women's team, Kate ran past players, who refrained from tackling her, to score a try. DON'T MISSQueen's 'keep calm and carry on' strategy breaks household tradition [ANALYSIS]Kate stands up to represent Royal Family hit by Covid [INSIGHT]Vine guest slammed as she brands Queen 'irrelevant' [VIDEO] The Duchess celebrated and joked: "If only it was that easy." Kate also took part in her first scrum during exercises with the men's team. She perfected drop kicks and high kicks with Saracens full-back Elliot Daly and Harlequins fly-half Marcus Smith. Maro Itoje, England and Saracens second row, said of the Duchess's skills: "She's very good for someone who doesn't regularly play rugby." It was announced earlier this month that Kate had been handed Harry's former roles as patron of both the RFU and the Rugby Football League (RFL) by the Queen. She was the first member of the Royal Family to officially receive one of the Sussexes' past royal patronages, which they were stripped of in the wake of Megxit. The Duchess grew up watching England rugby games with the Middletons. 