When the future King, Prince Charles, and Queen Consort, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, aren’t at the beautiful Clarence House in London, they reside at Highgrove House. It was previously a residence of Prince Charles and Princess Diana. Prince William and Harry were raised between Kensington Palace and Highgrove House. The countryside Cotswolds mansion is most famous for its beautiful gardens and greenery. The official website for Highgrove House stated: “Since 1980 when the Prince of Wales first arrived at Highgrove, His Royal Highness has devoted much energy to transforming the gardens around the house, which are renowned as some of the most inspiring and innovative in the United Kingdom.” Open between April and October annually, visitors can get a glimpse at the gardens. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould According to the Highgrove Gardens official website: “The series of interlinked gardens has been created with imagination and passion over some 40 years and reflects The Prince’s natural artistic ability. “Managed organically and sustainably, the gardens have become an important haven for a rich variety of flora and fauna. “The gardens have been designed", as The Prince says, to “please the eye and sit in harmony with nature”. It seems that Highgrove house is the pride and joy of the Prince of Wales; “A landscape which was once simply lawn has been transformed into a magnificent, ever-changing canvas.” The 347-acre property would have been a perfectly idyllic countryside adventure for the young Princes during their childhood. Touching photographs show the Prince and Princess of Wales playing with their children in playground equipment such as toy houses and slides. A tiny Prince Harry was pictured with a Shetland pony. Later, the Princes played polo for a team they named Highgrove after their home. There is even an organic farm, where a teenage Prince William was snapped examining a sheep. The produce from the farm, Duchy Organic, is sold in selected supermarkets such as Waitrose. Inside, the sprawling house boasts nine bedrooms, six bathrooms and a swimming pool. Prince Charles purchased the property in 1980 for £865,000, but in 2011 it was revealed that he had paid himself over £8million in rent since he bought the estate. While there are not many photos of the inside of the property available, a coloured photo of Prince Charles in 1982 gave a sneak peek into what the property looked like when he first arrived. He sits on a light-coloured sofa, strewn with two green floral patterned cushions, two blue cushions and one dark green. A painting encased in a gold frame appears on the wall behind him, whilst framed photographs and a plant give the place a homely, lived-in feel. The outside of the property is covered in climbing plants, framing a large cream door.