Vikings: Valhalla is the new epic spin-off from the History Channel and Amazon Prime show. The Netflix series is set 100 years after the original Vikings' story, and now in the 11th-century, viewers will follow Leif Erikson's adventures (played by Sam Corlett) and be introduced to some of the most legendary Vikings in history. Chilling Adventures of Sabrina star Sam takes on the challenge of portraying Icelandic born Leif Erikson who is the son of Erik the Red, the founder of Greenland. The 26-year-old is somewhat new on the scene but is already making waves. With the show finally landing on fans' screens, he has shared his praise with everyone who helped the show come to life. Posting an Instagram story with his 882,000 followers to celebrate his colleagues, he said: "So, all the incredible Cast and Crew, you're just awesome. Read More: ‘Why don’t we just cancel fun!’ Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash "We did it! We made something." Along with his tribute, he shared a behind-the-scenes picture with his new Viking long hair tied back and with mud on his face. He also said: "Vikings Valhalla is now streaming on Netflix. "It's out. It's now yours. May ignite you, excite you and inspire you." Eight episodes of fantasy drama aired on February 25, giving streamers a chance to really get stuck into the show. "This show has taken me on a huge journey in my life," he continued. "One I'm very grateful for. I learnt so many lessons, least of which is how important family and community is." The show also features Sanditon actor Leo Suter, The Alienist actor Gavin O'Connor and actress Frida Gustavsson. DON’T MISS… The Repair Shop viewers 'miffed' over programme shake-up 'Stop doing that!'[SPOILERS]EastEnders exodus as two iconic families forced to leave Walford in police cover-up plot? [LATEST]Loose Women's Kaye Adams wanted ITV show to be cancelled after Jamal Edwards' death [LATEST] He ended his post by saying: "Sending you all big love. "Cheers, Sam :)" Loyal fans of the original seemed to enjoy what this new adaptation had to share. Angie Ang tweeted: “The first 15 mins of Vikings Valhalla is better than 80% of the other Netflix shows I’ve seen.” Despite a mild hiccup, Grant Gould was entertained: "Just watched the first three episodes of “Vikings Valhalla” (the new sequel series to “Vikings”). "Episode 1 starts off really clunky, but that’s my only complaint. The entire cast is GREAT & I’m enjoying the show a lot so far." The show couldn't win them all with @poo_crumb commented: "Vikings: Valhalla is terrible. Ya'll really messed up with the casting/writing. It's been Netflix-ized Won't be watching beyond ep. one." (sic) Season one of Vikings: Valhalla is available on Netflix.