Former Liverpool star Steve McManaman has tipped Gavi to snub Premier League interest, including the Reds, to sign his first professional contract with Barcelona. Gavi has been linked with European heavyweights ahead of his 2023 contract expiry, but he is expected to renew terms at Camp Nou. The 17-year-old midfielder has shot through Barcelona's ranks and is now a regular in Xavi Hernandez's side and Luis Enrique's Spanish national team. He is currently still on a youth contract, expiring next year, which includes a measly £41million release clause, given his talent and potential. And Sport claim Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City have joined Bayern Munich in weighing up a move for his services. But Barcelona are 'remaining calm' about the situation, with the player seeing a Catalonia stay as his 'absolute priority'. JUST IN: Three possible moves for Harry Kane with Tottenham future in doubt McManaman, unpopular in Barcelona due to his Real Madrid connections, believes the starlet Spaniard will continue at the club beyond next year - with a move to the Premier League set to be delayed for the future. He told Horseracing.net: "I personally think they'll resolve it, and he'll stay at Barcelona. He's only a young kid, and I think Barcelona are starting to get their finances in order after a rough couple of years. "Sponsorship deals are starting to increase, crowd numbers are starting to increase, and they're starting to get on top of their finances, as you can see with the players they're starting to bring in, knowing they need to get into the Champions League this year. READ MORE: Rangnick seen with old advisor that drops hint over next Man Utd boss "I think Gavi will stay. He's only a young kid and I don't necessarily think he needs to move to a different country yet, and I think Barcelona will re-sign him." In December, Fabrizio Romano reported Gavi's new contract would be for five years, with his salary increasing each season. Barcelona will remove his current release clause, and it's a 'matter of time' before he puts pen to paper. Gavi has made 30 appearances in all competitions for the Blaugrana this season, featuring in 20 of 24 La Liga games. He has already earned four international caps and should play a part for Spain at the 2022 Qatar World Cup later this year. And he'll hope to replicate legacies laid out by the likes of Xavi and Iniesta at club and international level after he signs a new long-term deal at Barcelona. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.