He’s moaned about the media persecuting his mum, he’s moaned about the British people claiming we’re racists. He’s moaned about his father cutting off his money and about the Royal Family in general claiming they too are racists. He’s moaned about losing his police protection, his charities, his titles and his patronages. This week’s Big Moan was about how he suffered from burnout in the past (from what? Partying?) and he now has to find “white space” for himself each day to meditate.  Unhappy Harry was speaking at an online event for coaching company BetterUp where he spewed out a load of psychobabble about how he was being “schooled by the universe” and combatting stress with “inner work” (some real work might do him more good). This would be funny if it wasn’t so tragic. Harry is one of the world’s most pampered men who’s never known a moment’s financial hardship. In terms of intellect, the fact that he got a D in A level geography and a B in art (and that’s after one of his Eton teachers said she wrote part of his course work) says it all. Yet now he’s a “personal coach” telling other people how to live their lives despite having made such a mess of his own. Compare and contrast that to the Duchess of Cambridge this week. Just hours after taking over Harry’s rugby league and union patronages, she pitched up at Twickenham, the home of England rugby, with a megawatt smile and got stuck into a training session with players from both the men’s and women’s teams. Apart from the fact that she looked drop-dead gorgeous in England’s official black tracksuit, she literally threw herself into the whole thing by making some passes, getting into a scrum and scoring a try. The players even lifted her up as she went to grab the ball in a lineout and she laughed uproariously. How delighted those players must feel to be shot of misery guts Harry who’s turned into the world’s biggest wet blanket and is so obsessed with his “inner self” that he doesn’t give a toss about rugby ‑ or in fact anything that isn’t about him. With Kate as their patron they’ll get nothing but positive publicity and support. She’ll draw attention to the game in the very best of ways. How long before she produces a book of her own photos celebrating them? Even this week she talked about how not only is her dad, Michael, a big rugby fan but Wills and her own kids ‑ Princes George and Louis, who she described as kamikaze, and Princess Charlotte ‑ all play it at home in the garden. Now both Kate and Wills, who is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, are expected to attend some of the games during the Six Nations tournament and their competitive banter will make more positive headlines. And while Harry continues to bring nothing but hurt and shame to the Royal Family, Kate is now its single biggest asset. A few years ago she was derided as Waity Katie, a wallflower who wore nice frocks but didn't say much. Today she's The Firm's beautiful, energetic figurehead ‑ as stunning as any Hollywood star and someone whose big heart, sense of duty and work ethic do her, and Britain, proud. And I'm not being dramatic when I say the future of the monarchy lies in her hands. She and Wills are a global draw in a way Charles and Camilla never can be and they’ve filled the void left by Harry and Meghan so well we’ve forgotten they were ever there. So let Harry moan, meditate and keep trying to bring down the monarchy. We’ve got the dazzling Kate who’ll lift it right back up again whilst simultaneously enchanting the world!  Whoopi Goldberg isn’t a stupid woman. So why on her US TV show, The View, would she make the outlandishly stupid assertion that the Holocaust was nothing to do with racism just “two groups of white people” and “man’s inhumanity to man”? Is she seriously saying she believes racism is simply about skin colour? She did subsequently apologise to Jewish people around the world but perhaps she should have looked up the definition of racism in the first place? We now live in a society where people are “cancelled” over trivial nonsense. THIS insult wasn’t trivial so why has Goldberg only been suspended for two weeks and not sacked? Her TV station, CBS, dumped Sharon Osbourne for defending Piers Morgan after he’d said he thought Meghan was a liar. But Goldberg gets away with this slur. Maybe CBS would like to explain why?  Do Emily Maitlis’s BBC bosses not feel stupid? Because she repeatedly makes them look stupid by saying and tweeting stuff that completely blows apart the Corporation’s pretence of impartiality. And this week she did it again. At a time the BBC is in danger of losing its charter the arrogant Maitlis tweeted about Partygate: “The sheer tawdry Trumpian shabbiness of the whole thing Victoria it is difficult to see how much more of this the Party or our political system can take.” She later deleted it and apologised. But her apologies mean nothing. Her arrogance, however, does because it shows the BBC isn’t even vaguely serious about stamping out political bias. Priti Patel has said police officers should now be sent to investigate every single burglary. The diktat comes after forces in Manchester, Northamptonshire and Bedfordshire did exactly that and guess what ‑ detection rates trebled and offences were halved. Well of course. This ain’t rocket science. You send a copper to a crime scene, he/she collects evidence and the chances are they’ll solve the crime. More importantly burglars get the message they can’t just walk into your home and take what they want. Are police bosses really so thick they don’t get that? David Beckham says he and Posh have only shared the same meal once in 25 years of marriage. He likes experimenting with food but Victoria has only ever eaten fish and steamed veg, which explains why she’s always looks so po-faced. Beckham says the only time they shared a meal was when she was pregnant with Harper. “And it was the most amazing thing ‑ one of my favourite evenings,” he said in an interview. This makes me feel a bit sorry for him. Although women who work that hard to stay slim are usually doing it for a reason ‑ like trying to hang onto their husband. I’ve made no secret of the fact I think Theresa May was one of our worst ever Prime Ministers. That said when she stood up in the Commons this week in her pristine blue jacket topped off with a beautiful necklace she looked like the only sane person in a room full of screaming hyenas. She then stuck the knife into Boris over Partygate in a way that can only be described as gracefully lethal. I’m not saying I want her back, it’s just in those few moments she’s never looked more prime ministerial. Five Insulate Britain protesters were jailed this week and given jail terms of between 24 and 42 days which is hardly punitive as they’ll be out in half that time. But how deluded are they? Steve Pritchard, one of the five said: “A rational court would thank us for what we’ve done and tell us to keep up the good work.” Do these loons actually believe blocking a motorway, wasting police time and angering a nation will save the planet? These idiots claim they’re raising awareness on climate change. Nope, the only thing they’re raising awareness of is how ludicrously lenient their jail sentences are. I could say that at 54 Davina McCall shouldn’t be putting her lady parts on show and publicly posing in her undies. But then that would only make me sound jealous. Which obviously I am! #HotChick Simon Cowell is quick to tell people when they’re bad at something so why hasn’t he realised he’s the world’s worst cyclist? He broke his back in 2020 after crashing his electric bike and this week he fell off again breaking his arm. Has he considered fitting stabilisers to the back wheels? Better still ‑ take cabs! The Spice Girls have split ‑ again ‑ and plans for a tour have been axed. But does anyone actually care? They’re a bunch of women nearing 50 whose music is outdated, who can’t be called girls anymore and who’ve had their day. The band should be gently laid to rest not revived every time their savings need a top up.