The student from Brigham Young University launched a massive fireball after he tried to make DIY rocket fuel on his dorm stovetop. Fortunately, firefighters were quick to respond to the scene and were able to put out the remnants from the fire, according to the BYU police statement. The incident turned catastrophic when the fuel suddenly ignited, creating a massive fireball that “engulfed the walls and ceiling around the stove.”  Fortunately, no one was injured and the intense heat triggered the sprinkler system in the kitchen.  The police statement read: “On Sunday afternoon about 4:30 PM BYU police officers and Provo firefighters responded to a fire alarm at Heritage Halls Building 4. “Upon arrival, they found the fire sprinklers had been activated and were flooding the main floor. “The subsequent investigation revealed that a resident had been making homemade rocket fuel on the stove when the volatile mixture suddenly exploded into a fireball. “The flames from the explosion had engulfed the walls and ceiling around the stove and the intense heat tripped the fire sprinkler system.”  Speaking to KUTV, BYU Police spokesperson Jeff Long said: "A resident in one of the dorm rooms was cooking up homemade rocket fuel. "It had flashed, caused a fireball, which then created enough heat that it tripped the sprinkler system." "A burned pop tart is probably one of our number one calls as far as fire response in that building," The police are looking into the student’s motives behind this experiment, how Mr Long noted that the 22-year-old was very cooperative and forthcoming. READ MORE: London breakthrough 'once-in-a-lifetime' Roman mosaic found near Shard  While he admitted that there was no evidence so far of sinister motives behind making the fuel, Mr Long said criminal charges are possible. He said: "We’re not going to rule that out. I mean this was definitely reckless. “This was something that he could definitely be looking at some very serious charges for." Fortunately, no one was injured, however, some dorm residents will be displaced due to the flooding caused by this kitchen chemist incident according to the police statement The police warned: “Please keep your experiments in the lab and supervised by trained professionals. DON'T MISS: Xi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REVEAL] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [MAPPED] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT]  “We urge students to be aware of circumstances around them and consider how their actions have the potential to affect not just themselves, but others as well.” The university stated that it was looking to provide alternative housing for those impacted by the incident. The recipe for making rocket fuel at home can be readily found online, with one site warning: "This project should not be attempted without adult supervision and adequate training. "Misuse, or careless use, of tools or projects may result in serious injury, death, and/or permanent damage to equipment and property. "Ignition of an incendiary or explosive material may not be legal in your area. " 