Potatoes are Britain’s most loved vegetable and a staple ingredient in a number of classic dishes. With so many ways to cook this humble stem vegetable, there’s no better place to source them from than your own garden. Potato planting season is just around the corner, making it the perfect time to dabble in your own homegrown varieties, and these are the key dates you should know to get planting. Whether you love earthy baked potatoes or crispy roasties, there are plenty of flavoursome varieties which can be grown in the garden or even on a balcony. Planting potatoes is just as easy as growing them, and the time to get them going has almost arrived. March is the earliest time that homegrown potatoes can be started, with the spring season marking a crucial time for your organic spuds. These starchy vegetables can be planted right up until May, but be careful to pay attention to when you plant early and later varieties. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda First early ‘new’ potatoes are one of the earliest types of potato to crop and will be ready to harvest as soon as June if planted early in Spring. Plant from mid-March as long as the risk of first has passed. To stagger your supply, plant your new potatoes continually until May for a prolonged harvest. While this smaller variety is often the first to be harvested, they don’t store for long so should always be eaten fresh. The second flush of new potatoes often takes a few more weeks to mature, reaching a later harvest towards the end of summer. Also known as new potatoes, the second earlies are usually ready for picking in July and August. Plant second earlies from late March to secure your summer spuds. Maincrop (baking, mashing and roasting potatoes) will take longer to mature and are usually ready between August and October. Plant these out in early April for a later crop to follow your early flush. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs to do this weekend: Thee 10 plants to prune right now [REVEAL]What to sow in February - late winter seeds to sow right now [LATEST]  While it takes just one seed to produce an abundant crop of potatoes, different varieties favour different growing conditions. Gardeners’ World said: “While maincrop potatoes grow well in the ground, early or salad potatoes will also do well in large pots and bags. “Polypropylene potato growing bags are designed especially for this purpose and are handy if you’re short of space.” To plant your own potato seeds into bags or pots, start by: Once your potato shoots grow to around 20cm tall, hoe the soil around the base of the shoots to “earth up” the stems. Regularly continue to cover the potatoes with compost as they grow in their bags or pots. To plant potatoes from seed in the ground, you should follow different spacing guidelines to suit the size of your potatoes. For earlies and salad potatoes, remember to: To plant maincrop potatoes, you will need to leave a little more space between the seeds to encourage a decent crop. Dig your maincrop potato seeds in 12cm deep and 38cam apart with a wider 75cm span between each row. Always plant potatoes with the shoots or eyes facing up to the sky.