Insecure and isolated from the world, the appearance of Sarah’s teeth were causing her major anxiety and despair. She told Express.co.uk about the treatment that finally made her feel beautiful, gave her a new smile and lease of life. Sarah said: “I'd find myself laughing at something and then stop myself because I was showing my teeth. “They weren't as bad as some people’s, but I was very, very aware of them. And when you have something about you that you don't like, it’s the only thing you see.” Denied braces in her younger years because her teeth weren’t “really terrible”, 46-year-old Sarah longed for a smile she was proud of. Before her twenties, she didn’t care that her teeth were crooked or off-white, and it was only when she started working at an orthodontic practice that she became self-conscious. READ MORE: Aldi has 30% off Specialbuys - here are our top picks from the sale “Everyone was coming out with these perfect teeth, and suddenly I thought, ‘Wow, my teeth are quite rubbish’. “It does make you look more attractive, having nice white, straight teeth.” Sarah became so consumed with dread about her smile that it impacted her everyday life. “I didn’t socialise. Obviously, at work, I saw loads of people, but outside that I never wanted to go out. I never agreed to do anything with anybody. And if I did go out I just hated it.” Sarah tried whitening strips to improve the appearance of her teeth, but an “extreme reaction” meant she was in agony for days. After extensively researching dental treatments, many of them costing up to £5,000, Sarah discovered L&Y dental, who completely transformed her smile. She said: “I told them that the most important thing for me was that they still looked natural.” Not a fan of unnatural looking veneers like presenter “Rylan’s” teeth, Sarah opted for composite bonding on her central eight bottom and top teeth. All her original teeth are still underneath the bonds, and the colour is not so bright that they look artificial. In fact, they looked so natural that Sarah admitted: “No one else even noticed when I had them done, they just knew something had changed and I looked better.” But it has exponentially altered her perception of herself, and coupled with another change - an impressive weight loss - Sarah is finally happy with the way she looks. “Every time I look in the mirror or I see myself in a photo I’m so grateful for them. It’s a small thing, but also a massive thing. I can go out and think, ‘I look nice’, rather than ‘I wish my teeth were different’. “I’m happier, and I can laugh, I don’t have to hide behind my hand.” Her loved ones have noticed a radical change in Sarah’s attitude: “My partner says I’ve changed as a person, that I walk with my head up, smile and actually make eye contact.” Post dental treatment, Sarah feels “one million times” sexier, and has is keen to show off her new smile whenever she can. “I wear lipstick all the time now. I hadn’t for years because it seemed to highlight my teeth and make them look worse, but now I’ve always got it on.” Her advice to others who are self-conscious of their smile is to “absolutely go for it” – after a lot of research. “Be aware that people will try to rip you off, so find somewhere that won't.” At £2,000 overall, Sarah admitted that “it’s a lot of money to spend”. “But compared to what I benefitted from it, it was a real bargain. Priceless.”