Yellowstone fans are eagerly anticipating the next episode of the Western melodrama's prequel series, 1883. The historical drama airs on Paramount Plus, and it follows John Dutton's (played by Kevin Costner) ancestors. Fans are keen to know how James (Tim McGraw) and Elsa (Isabel May) Dutton are related to John. James Dutton (Tim McGraw) is looking to make a new life for himself in Montana with his wife Margaret and his children. He has lived a life of poverty and is keen to provide a better future for his family. One of his sons is John Dutton senior, who went on to become John Dutton's grandfather. There is another John Dutton Junior, played by Dabney Coleman, thrown into the mix. With this in mind, James Dutton is John Dutton's great-grandfather. READ MORE: Yellowstone viewers blame John Dutton for shock death Margaret is the wife of James in the prequel series and she is played by McGraw's real wife, Faith Hill. The co-lead of the series and her husband are at the basis of a long ancestry. For generations, her family has fought to protect and expand the land in their ownership. She has a daughter called Elsa in the series. Margaret is John's great-grandmother. READ MORE:Yellowstone 1883 star opens up on 'extreme' filming conditions Elsa (Isabel May) is the main narrator in the series and she is the eldest daughter of James and Margaret. The free-spirited character is able to see the beauty in everything, but she knows how to get herself out of a difficult situation. Elsa is the sister of John Dutton Senior, but her relationship with Costner's character is more complicated. As John Dutton Junior came into the mix, Elsa is Costner's character's great aunt. Elsa's personality traits are evident in some of the Yellowstone characters, including Beth (Kelly Reilly) and Tate (Brecken Merrill). DON'T MISS... How to watch the 1883 Yellowstone Prequel [INSIGHT]1883 season 1 episode 1 cast: Who is in the premiere? [EXPLAINER]Yellowstone season 4: Garret’s ties to Dutton attacks exposed [INSIGHT] John Dutton Senior (Audie Rick) is Elsa's brother in the series and is the son of James and Margaret. The character has also appeared in the original Yellowstone, played by Jack Michael Doke. While some fans thought he was the father of Costner's character, there is also a John Dutton Junior mentioned. It is John Dutton Junior who is Costner's character's father, making John Dutton Senior his grandfather. READ MORE:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set James and Margaret are the first-generation ranchers of the Dutton family. The prequel series kicked off with a bang, featuring two shocking cameos and a devastating death. Billy Bob Thornton is introduced as Marshal Jim Courtright, who is based on a real historical character. Tom Hanks also made an appearance as a Union general, who tried to comfort James after the Battle of Antietam. Fans were left feeling emotional as Margaret's sister Claire (Dawn Olivieri) decided to take her own life.  Yellowstone 1883 airs on Sundays on Paramount+