Chelsea put one foot in the Champions League quarter-finals with a relatively comfortable 2-0 victory over Lille in their last-16 first leg clash. The impressive Kai Havertz struck the opener before Christian Pulisic secured the win in the second half when he collected N'Golo Kante's pass and dinked home.  Here are five things Express Sport learned from the encounter. Tuchel sends Lukaku a message over fitting into his system By reverting to a 3-4-3 and dropping Romelu Lukaku to the substitutes’ bench, Thomas Tuchel sent a damning warning to the Belgian striker. It was a clear message from Tuchel that Lukaku will need to adapt to Chelsea, and not vice-versa. The 28-year-old has not scored outside of the Club World Cup in 2022. He touched the ball just seven times during Chelsea’s 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday – a Premier League low. Tuchel insisted Lukaku had been demoted to the bench due to tiredness, although hinted that he was disappointed with his display against Palace. The £97.5m summer signing is yet to settle in at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku has Thomas Tuchel dilemma  Havertz loves the Champions League If Lukaku looks uncomfortable and immobile in the No. 9 role, Havertz is the antithesis. Chelsea look far more fluid when the German leads the attack. Havertz could have had a hat-trick by the time he headed the Blues into the lead. He missed an excellent close-range chance early on before his curling effort was palmed away for the corner from which he scored. It was the 22-year-old who scored the winner in the 2020-21 Champions League Final, capping a mixed first campaign at Chelsea. The former Bayer Leverkusen starlet also bagged the Club World Cup-clinching penalty two weeks ago. To consistently translate his form on the world and European stage into the Premier League needs to be the next aim for the talented playmaker. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Ziyech continues to revive his Chelsea career   Moroccan winger Hakim Ziyech has endured a tough Chelsea career since joining from Ajax 18 months ago. The 28-year-old has often found himself behind the wealth of attacking talent Tuchel has at his disposal. However, a recent run in the West Londoners’ team has coincided with his best form. Ziyech had scored during his last three Premier League fixtures before this Champions League tie. And he continued to contribute effectively with an inviting corner for Havertz's goal. Ziyech - and Chelsea - will hope the injury that forced him off midway through the second half will not keep him out of Sunday's Carabao Cup Final against Liverpool. DON'T MISS...Thierry Henry admits worry over Romelu Lukaku at ChelseaArsenal preparing to offer Arteta bumper contract after Kroenke talksKane warned of Tottenham transfer 'travesty' as goal prediction made Kovacic an injury doubt for Carabao Cup Final Another injury worry for Tuchel is that Mateo Kovacic was forced off in the second half. The Chelsea boss has already been forced to deal with several key absences this season as his side's Premier League title hopes derailed. And Kovacic will be a big miss if he is forced to miss Sunday's Carabao Cup Final. He was pictured limping straight down the tunnel with the Blues' medical staff after receiving treatment on the pitch.  Arsenal should take note of Lille star Plenty of Lille players have been linked with transfers over the last few months. Centre-back Sven Botman was reportedly wanted by Newcastle. Rumours have also suggested Arsenal want young forward Jonathan David. But another who is apparently wanted by some of Europe's bigger clubs is Renato Sanches. The Portuguese midfielder has rekindled his career since a disappointing spell at Bayern Munich and impressed for his national team at Euro 2020. Arsenal were said to be keeping tabs but other Premier League sides could do far worse than signing the clever technician, who was perhaps Lille's best player at Stamford Bridge.