The Walking Dead makes its big comeback this evening with another batch of episodes from its final run. Season 11 will be one of the longest series to date of the survivalist horror drama. The AMC show has been on screens since 2010 with hundreds of cast and crew members working away on the series over the year. Stephen Campbell was a beloved cast member on The Walking Dead, who sadly died in 2021. In a heartfelt Facebook post, it was confirmed he died on November 4, 2021 at the age of 65 at his home in Winter Park, Florida. Campbell was a father of five, who originally hailed from West Orange, New Jersey and went to Florida for college but ended up staying in the Sunshine State. He was an acclaimed cinematographer with a lengthy career in show business dating back to the Eighties. READ MORE: The Walking Dead season 11b release time: What time does part 2 air? The post from his daughter Aubrie Campbell Canfield read: “Stephen was a Florida filmmaker. He learned his craft, developed his talents, and built his career working alongside the women and men in the southern market.” Campbell earned his first big break in 1984 working as a camera assistant on Michael Jackson’s Thriller World Tour. He went on to tour with Jackson again in 1988 before working for the next 30 years on scores of films and television shows in Florida. The cinematographer then moved to Atlanta, Georgia in 2013 to work on The Walking Dead and was part of seven seasons of the show. As part of his role, he created “genre-defining imagery” and is said to have be “so proud of that work”. Many of the cast and crew of The Walking Dead paid tribute to Campbell after his death was announced last year, sharing memories and images with him. The Walking Dead executive Scott M. Gimple posted on Twitter: “Stephen Campbell, longtime Walking Dead director of photography, was a magnificent person, a magnificent artist, & a force of calm, peace, & warmth on set. “I loved working with him, I'm grateful for it. His work lives on & his kindness touched the lives of everyone around him.” While current showrunner Angela King posted on Instagram: “RIP Stephen Campbell. Steve, you were a remarkable human. A kind and steady presence on our #TWD set. "Over 7 seasons, I never once saw you lose your patience. Your smile brightened our days. We loved meeting your beautiful family over the years. "It was wonderful to see you move up from Camera Op to DP. And when I moved up too, I cherished the time we spent talking about light and color and movement and frames. “You were an artist. But also a consummate professional. Thank you for being the kind of role model that proved you can be both. You are gone too soon but have left an indelible mark on the hearts of the #TWDfamily. May flights of angels sing thee to thy rest [sic].” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEORY]Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise fans distraught over Neville Parker confession [VIEWER REACTION] Negan actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan posted a selfie with Campbell and captioned the snap: “One of the best. Not only an incredible filmmaker… but one of the finest human beings I’ve ever known. It was an honor to work with and to know him. “Steve’s presence made us all better than we probably deserved. A family man, a filmmaker, a friend. The walking dead family lost a great one. His family lost the best one. “Huge condolences and love to the Campbell family… as well as the extended twd clan. Steve… we will miss you brother. So much [sic].” Campbell is survived by his wife Pam and children Aubrie Canfield, Ian Campbell, Cameron Ilan, Fiona Campbell, and Riley Campbell. He was also a grandfather to three grandchildren. The Walking Dead season 11 airs on AMC on Sundays and FOX UK on Mondays at 9pm