Dan Walker, 44, penned earlier today a heartfelt tweet for his former BBC co-star Oti Mabuse, 31, following her departure from Strictly Come Dancing. The BBC Breakfast presenter labelled the South-African-born dancer a “legend” as it was announced she was set to leave the hit show. Dan retweeted BBC Strictly’s official Twitter account’s announcement in view of his 750,000 followers. The statement read: “Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. “Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show’s most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers but the entire team. “She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years.” The official statement continued: “We couldn’t be prouder of Oti and what she has achieved. “She will always be at the very heart of our Strictly family and we wish her every success in her already bright future.” Dan added: “Absolutely lovely human and a Strictly legend. Long may she reign.” He was inundated with replies from fans who joined him in his message of support for Oti. Tuppence333 said: “This is a huge loss to #strictly. “You may disagree after your stint last season but to me @OtiMabuse is far and away the very best professional dancer ever on the programme. “She will be greatly missed and of course she is also sent the very best wishes for her future xx” Rob_burn5 added: “Really really, no REALLY sad that fabulous and beautiful @OtiMabuse is leaving SCD. DON'T MISS...Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [LATEST]Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [UPDATE] “I’m not sure it will ever be the same again tbh. “However I wish her every success in whatever she does.” (sic) Christi29939242 penned: “Will miss Oti,she is a great dancer and enjoyable to watch.” Dunkingwithfish said: “She is a real star! Could watch her dance forever!” Oti shared the news of her departure today on Instagram, where she enjoys a following of 639,000. She explained that she had the most "amazing time" on the BBC contest and that it was a"difficult decision" to make. Oti added: “Lifting the Glitter Ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! "You are my family and I adore you all forever. "