The Ukrainian interior ministry urged citizens to pay “special attention” to people with red on their clothing and report “suspicious people” to the police following Russia's attack. In a post on Facebook, the ministry said: “Police ask citizens to report suspicious people on the streets.  “Special attention should be paid to people with elements of the colour red on their clothing.” The post urged civilians not go outside in uniforms or tactical clothing. Residents of Kiev are currently fleeing the capital after Russia launched a full-scale unprovoked attack on Ukraine.  Civilians have been filmed fleeing Kiev as the air-raid sirens blast out across the city. Traffic jams and pictures of a grid-locked city emerged on social media as residents could be seen attempting to evacuate Kiev and other cities across Ukraine. Russian forces fired missiles at several cities in Ukraine and landed troops on its coast on Thursday after President Vladimir Putin authorised what he called a special military operation in the east.  READ MORE: BBC's Laura Kuenssberg pinpoints FIVE-point plan to defeat Putin Britain's Foreign Office has ordered British nationals in Ukraine to “leave immediately if you judge that is safe” or “stay indoors and remain alert” if they cannot leave. Speaking to Express.co.uk earlier today, Briton Saarthak Chhabra, from London, said he was “majorly” worried for the safety of his wife Tania Kondratiuk Chhabra after she woke to sounds of “bomb blasts” in Kiev. He told Express.co.uk: “She’s worried, she was woken up with bomb blast sounds. DON'T MISSBritish man’s terror for wife trapped in Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE]EU rebels cower in face of Vladimir Putin's assault on Ukraine [INSIGHT]Furious British expat in raging shutdown of 'insane' Putin [VIDEO] “And now there are long queues for anything basic. Groceries, ATMs.” Mr Chhabra said his wife, who travelled to Ukraine to be with her sick mother, is struggling to travel to Lyviv as suggested by the British Embassy Lyviv because she doesn’t drive and there are currently no trains out of Kiev. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the Putin regime would be condemned to "pariah status" after unleashing a "tidal wave of violence" against Ukraine.  In his address to the nation, the Prime Minister said the UK stood with Ukraine in its "moment of agony". He said: ”I say to the Ukrainians in this moment of agony, we are with you. We are praying for you and your families, and we are on your side. “If the months ahead are grim and the flame of freedom burns low, I know that it will blaze bright again in Ukraine.  "For all his bombs and tanks and missiles, I don't believe the Russian dictator will ever subdue the national feeling of the Ukrainians and their passionate belief that their country should be free."