Research conducted by Merchant Machine analysed the theft rates, homicide rates and how peaceful countries are and ranked them according to the Global Peace Index. Iceland was named the safest country in the world according to the study. The Scandinavian nation scored 1.1 on the Global Peace Index, making it the most peaceful country. Homicide rates, for example, are below one per 100,000 people. Other countries that were also deemed safe were Slovenia, Japan, Switzerland and Britain's favourite holiday destination: Spain. READ MORE: P&O Ferries is offering a £20 day trip from UK to Calais - book now  Spain is actually one of the countries with the lowest rates of theft at 354 per 100,000. But do Britons enjoy life in Iceland? Trausti Thor Johannsson, who currently lives in Iceland, explained in question-and-answer site Quora: "This is not like living in Siberia or Syria. "Iceland is an extremely safe country. Getting sick will not wipe you out, living there is expensive but a lot of things you consider expensive are very cheap, like heating and electricity. "Iceland is open for you. Almost free hospitals, free schools, free universities. "You can take a jeep and drive on the highlands, stay on the roads, driving offroad is forbidden but you can drive on glaciers, valleys and just about everywhere. "Take care though, dress well, and keep food with you, because of weather anything can happen, you can get snowed in quickly." He continued: "We have swimming halls everywhere. Even small towns of a few hundred people have a huge swimming pool with everything. "We have steam baths, warm pots and excellent service. It isn’t very expensive either, so people go there after work. "We don’t have much variations in food. If you want some food, you can get it, but most restaurants sell similar foods. We have too much lamb meat, and that meat is absolutely the best lamb you can get. "You won’t get bored in Iceland. There are so many things to do, so many places to visit, see and enjoy. We have had weekend celebrations to just go out, tent and have fun. "Overall, Iceland is a great place to grow up in. We have extremely high education level. Very tough immigration. The size of the economy sure hurts us. But the freedom you have in Iceland I would say far exceeds anything you are used to. "Being able to walk in the highlands, drive there, sleep there, that is worth a ton of money, and we know that as we get close to 10 times as many tourists as people live in the country, probably more. "They pay us a ton of money and smile. You see things you can’t see anywhere else, get to go places and be around very nice people. I forgot to say, Icelandic people are very open, very friendly and all around nice." But what are the most dangerous countries expats should avoid? Turkey was named the most dangerous country, followed by UK and Belgium, while Mexico is the most dangerous country for major crimes.