Sunflowers are best known for their yellow flowers, but depending on the variety, you can get white, red and orange flowers too. Sunflowers are the perfect flower for the whole family to get excited about and watch with excitement to see how tall they could grow. Here’s when and how to plant sunflower seeds.  Every gardener loves a sunflower, and each year you might plant sunflower seeds to see if you can grow your plant taller than you did the previous year. Sunflowers are easy to grow, but can be difficult to master. They’re an especially fun plant to get children enthusiastic about gardening, as they see their seeds grow from shoots to scaling almost two metres. Anyone can grow a sunflower, and with practice and experience you can grow impressively tall and vibrant flowers.  READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda Depending on the type of sunflower you’re growing, the seeds will take anywhere from 11 to 18 weeks to grow. One idea is to sow more sunflower seeds every week over spring, so you have a constant supply of sunflowers throughout the summer months. Sunflower seeds can be delicate, and should be sown in pots first before being planted in the garden.  From the end of March to April, you can sow sunflower seeds in pots of compost and leave them indoors. Make sure you check the seeds before sowing - sometimes they can become contaminated with mould. Push the seeds about 1.5 centimetres into the pots and cover them with clear plastic - such as a bag or cling film - and leave them in a sunny spot. When you see the seeds have germinated, keep watering them generously.  DON'T MISS:Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step  [UPDATE]When to prune hydrangeas - Best time to cut back hydrangea [TIPS]How to prune roses: Tips every gardener needs to know [INSIGHT] They’ll be ready to be replanted in the garden - either in a container or in the ground - from June onwards. Before you transfer your seedlings to the garden though, you should prepare your soil so it’s the perfect home for your new flowers. Sunflowers will be happiest in a sunny spot that provides some shelter from winds - such as against a fence or a wall. Add plenty of manure or well-rotted compost to your soil before planting.  Just like with the seeds, you should plant the seedlings about 1.5 to two centimetres deep in the ground, or container. Once you plant your sunflowers, they’ll need to be well-watered and protected from any hungry slugs and snails. Wildlife-friendly slug pellets should help deter pests from your flowers. When your sunflowers look as though they’re about to flower, they’ll benefit from a nice bit of tomato feed to give them the final push towards opening up their happy yellow faces. 