Princess Charlene's problems with her health in recent months have been well-documented, with Charlene initially spending a period in South Africa last year due to a severe ear, nose and throat infection. After a brief return to Monaco in November 2021, it was announced Charlene would be receiving treatment at an undisclosed facility outside of the region. As of February 2022, Charlene has not yet returned home, but her husband Prince Albert of Monaco has recently provided an update on her health. Although no date has been set for Charlene's return, Prince Albert of Monaco has suggested it could be "very soon". Speaking to local newspaper Monaco-Matin last Thursday, Prince Albert said: "Princess Charlene is doing much better, and I hope she will be back in the Principality very soon." A few weeks ago in late January, the Princely Palace of Monaco released an update on Charlene's health just a few days after her 44th birthday. The Palace said that the “convalescence of H.S.H. Princess Charlene is currently continuing in a satisfying and very encouraging way.”  READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage With Charlene still receiving medical treatment outside of Monaco, the Princess missed celebrations for Monaco's patron saint Sainte Dévote. A translation of the Palace statement, which was written in French, added: "With her husband H.S.H. Prince Albert II, she shares her heart with all Monegasques and residents on the occasion of these celebrations. "As soon as her health will allow, it will be with joy that the Princess once again share moments of conviviality with them.” Charlene spent the festive period away from Monaco, but the Palace said she would be visited by her husband and their twins Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella.  But the statement from the Princely Palace in December suggested it would be "a few more months" before Charlene would be fully well again. The statement read: "The Princely Palace would like to share the following information regarding H.S.H. Princess Charlene's health: H.S.H. Princess Charlene is recuperating in a satisfactory and reassuring manner, although it may take a few more months before her health has reached a full recovery. "H.S.H. Princess Charlene will be visited by H.S.H. Prince Albert II and Their Children during the Christmas holidays. "Once her health is strong enough, the Princess looks forward to spending time with the Monegasques."  DON'T MISS:Princess Charlene health news: Prince Albert shares 'hope' with update [INSIGHT]Princess Charlene altered her wedding reception tiara - here's how [PICTURES]Princess Charlene had to fit in 'insular' Monaco society after wedding [ANALYSIS] The statement also reiterated the couple's request for privacy during this time, adding: "During this period of convalescence, the Princely Couple kindly request that their privacy and family environment remain well respected." In November 2021, Prince Albert told PEOPLE the decision was made for Charlene to have "real medically framed treatment" outside of Monaco for privacy reasons. The Prince told the publication: "I sat her down with her brothers and a sister-in-law. "She had already made her decision, and we only wanted her to confirm it in front of us. She wanted this. She already knew the best thing to do was to go and have a rest and have a real medically framed treatment.  "And not in Monaco. For privacy reasons, it would have to be someplace outside of Monaco." Since Charlene left Monaco for medical treatment, Prince Albert has regularly appeared with his children at several principality events without Charlene. But the Princess' absence appears to have been at the forefront of their minds, with Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella holding up signs on Monaco's National Day last year which read "We miss you mommy" and "We love you mommy". Charlene has also paid tribute to her family on a few occasions via her Instagram account, sharing an illustrated picture of her family on their Christmas card on December 21 with the caption: "Wishing everyone a beautiful and safe festive season all my love." Charlene also previously shared a picture of her twins to mark their seventh birthdays on December 10, 2021, captioning her post: "Happy birthday my babies. Thank you God for blessing me with such wonderful children. I'm truly blessed. Love mom." 