The Foreign Secretary, writing in The Times, said: "We have put in place our toughest sanctions regime against Russia. Nothing is off the table. "Today was Phase 1, what comes next will be even more painful for Russia. It’s an upward ratchet and that’s the point." It comes as Ukraine on Wednesday started conscripting reservists aged 18-60 after a decree by President Volodymyr Zelenskiy in the wake of Vladimir Putin signing friendship treaties with the so-called Donetsk and Lugansk people's republics proclaimed by Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced on Tuesday a "first barrage" of punitive measures in response to the "renewed invasion" of Ukraine with three billionaire allies of Mr Putin and five Russian banks targeted. However, opposition and some Conservative MPs have said the sanctions do not go far enough. Tobias Ellwood, Tory chairman of the Defence Committee, said: "Sanctions alone will not be enough, indeed untargeted sanctions may play into Putin's plan to pivot Russia ever closer to China." Ms Truss told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that she believes Mr Putin is "hell-bent" on invading Ukraine. Challenged on whether current UK sanctions are tough enough to stop the Russian state financing the military, she said: "One of the banks that we've sanctioned is the bank that finances the Russian military, so we are absolutely taking that step. "I believe that Putin is hell-bent on invading Ukraine. This is about inflicting pain on Putin and degrading the Russian economic system over time, targeting people that are close to Putin. "But if you're asking me is he paying attention, my view is that he wants to invade, this is a long-standing plan. "And what we have to do is make it as painful as possible, both by supplying support to the Ukrainian government in terms of defensive weapons, in terms of economic support, and by imposing economic costs." Asked by Sky News if any Russian-linked money donated to the Conservative Party since Mr Johnson took office should be given back, Ms Truss said: "All of [the] donations to the Conservative Party are from people on the electoral register in Britain, those donations are properly declared. "What we're talking about here ... is people, the oligarchs that we're targeting in today's sanctions, those are people closely linked to Vladimir Putin's regime.  READ MORE ABOUT 'MADMAN' PUTIN BRANDED AS UNSTOPPABLE "Now, there are many people who have moved to Russia from Britain who are not necessarily friends of Vladimir Putin and who have become British citizens. That is a completely different matter from people who are close to Vladimir Putin who are backing his appalling regime." However, Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said in a tweet: "First decisive steps were taken yesterday, and we are grateful for them. "Now the pressure needs to step up to stop Putin. Hit his economy and cronies. Hit more. Hit hard. Hit now." Former Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the Government needs to take action Mr Putin is not expecting. Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, he said: "We do need to go further and I suspect the Government wanted to. They've been pretty robust in what they've said but it's very important to go in lockstep with our allies in a situation like this.  DON'T MISS: The Queen’s usual eating habits exposed [REVEALED] Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [REPORT] Moment the Duchess of Cambridge shoots down slide & almost wipes out [LATEST] "But what we have to remember is that Putin has both predicted these sanctions, and indeed further sanctions, and discounted them. "If we are going to avoid being two steps behind in the diplomatic chess game, we have to do some things that he's not expecting." Ms Truss said there are "sanctions left in the locker" to impose in the event of a "full invasion" of Ukraine. She told the BBC: "We have worked very closely with our international allies, with the entire G7, to make sure that we have an escalatory package of sanctions so that we are able to impose sanctions on the recognition of these so-called republics, and we will be able to impose further sanctions in the event of a full invasion. "So we still have sanctions left in the locker to impose in the event of a full invasion." The Ukrainian military said on Wednesday that one soldier had been killed and six wounded in increased shelling by pro-Russian separatists using heavy artillery, mortar bombs and Grad rocket systems in the two breakaway regions over the last 24 hours. Moscow has massed more than 150,000 troops near Ukraine's borders, according to US estimates, and signed a decree on the deployment of troops in the breakaway Donetsk and Luhansk enclaves to "keep the peace". Washington described the justification as "nonsense". Satellite imagery from the past 24 hours shows several new troop and equipment deployments in western Russia as well as more than 100 vehicles at a small airfield in southern Belarus, which borders Ukraine, according to US firm Maxar. Ukraine's foreign ministry warned Ukrainians not to visit Russia and urged citizens already there to leave the country in a travel advisory issued on Wednesday.