Footage from South of Belgorod purportedly shows a Russian TOS-1 heavy flamethrower thermobaric missile launcher, one of the most brutal weapons to exist, travelling along a road near the Ukrainian border. The footage captured by CNN journalist Frederik Pleitgen shows clear 'Z' war markings on the deadly weapon, the same symbol seen on scores of other Russian military hardware, suggesting it could be bound for war in Ukraine. The missiles are filled with a highly explosive fuel and chemical mix that can cause supersonic blast waves - obliterating everything in its path. The weapons are also known as aerosol bombs and more concerningly, vacuum bombs. Western officials have warned the use of TOS-1 "Buratino" and TOS-1A "Solntsepek" weapons will lead to “indiscriminate violence”, according to The Telegraph. Writing in 2016, Peter Lee of the University of Portsmouth said Russia had allegedly used them in Syria and issued a terrifying warning of what they are capable of. JUST IN Ukrainians lie down in front of Russian tanks in astonishing defence against invasion He wrote: “Imagine taking a deep breath then submerging yourself in water. "Then imagine having all of the oxygen forced instantaneously from your body. "Try to inhale again. But instead of cold water filling your lungs, toxic, flammable particles start killing you from the inside out." While Sebastian Roblin, a military expert, writing for 19fortyfive.com, said: "A TOS-1 rocket barrage will wipe out everything within the 200-by-300m blast zone." READ MORE Ukrainian drivers mock stranded Russian troops after tank runs out of fuel on way to Kyiv The grim clips comes as a full-scale invasion by Russia from land, sea and air rocked Ukraine on Thursday morning after weeks of threats from Vladimir Putin. Heavy bombardments have rained down on Kyiv and the country's second-largest city of Kharkiv, alongside other locations. Following the aerial bombardments, troops poured in from the north, east, and south as the scale of the attack was realised but Ukrainian troops fought back and said they had inflicted heavy casualties on the Russians. DON'T MISS'Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia [ANALYSIS]London mum's heartbreak as son fears for dad trapped in Ukraine [REPORT]The fearsome woman who sends shivers down Putin's spine [INSIGHT] Reports from Saturday suggest heavy resistance being thrown up by both the Ukrainian army and volunteers who have put themselves forward to defend their country.