The tax rebate has been brought in to help those who are struggling to cope financially following a rise in energy bills and inflation. Households are set to see the energy price cap rise by £693 from April, energy regulator Ofgem has warned. With a pending bill hike on the horizon, experts are concerned the council tax rebate will not be enough to tackle the wider cost of living crisis. Earlier this month, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed a series of financial support measures to tackle the continuing cost of living crisis. Among the introduced measures was the council tax rebate which has been widely debated since Mr Sunak’s announcement. Households in bands A to D will get a £150 deduction in their council tax bill in a bid to combat the effect of rising energy bills. Combined, this group represents 80 percent of households in England, however new research has come to light which suggests many people will miss out. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  The Resolution Foundation has found that more than 640,000 households in England who live in band E+ properties are set to miss out on the rebate. Further questions have been raised as to whether the rebate will be accessible to those already claiming council tax-related financial support. For example, those in receipt of Pension Credit may be able to get a council tax reduction if they get the guarantee part of the DWP benefit payment. The Council Tax Discretionary Relief (CTDR) is another support measure available for those who are unable to pay their bill due to exceptional circumstances and in receipt of the council tax reduction. DON'T MISS Derek Mitchell, Citizens Advice Scotland’s chief executive, suggested the council tax rebate does not go far enough in tackling the issues affecting thousands of households who are in need of urgent assistance. Mr Mitchell explained: “Council tax debt is the number one debt issue the Citizens Advice network deals with. The average council tax debt we see for clients is around £3,500 – nearly three times the average council tax bill. “Bluntly, for a lot of people that £150 wouldn’t make a huge difference to their debt, but could make a difference as to whether they can buy food that week. “The biggest driver of debt is people simply not having enough money in the first place. With the cost of living crisis set to squeeze household budgets to breaking point, we would strongly encourage local authorities to ensure this is a cash payment to people, not paying down debt. “We’d also encourage councils to show flexibility and empathy in the months ahead, the reality is a lot of people are going to face close to impossible choices on bills.” Jo Allen, utilities customer experience expert at Pegasystems, said of a £200 repayable discount on energy bills: “Whilst the Treasury intervention is good, the fact that it’s a discount now, which will need to be paid back later is kicking the problem down the road. “The energy providers and Ofgem need to do more to support the customers and themselves today. “Energy providers should be thinking about how to efficiently manage support from the government’s new energy bills discount plan and expansion of the Warm Home discount scheme. “They must ensure they do everything they can to help customers in the coming months, especially those vulnerable or facing the difficult decision between heat or eat.” A HM Treasury spokesperson said: “We understand that people are concerned about pressures on household budgets which is why the Chancellor announced a £9billion package to protect millions against the impact of rising global energy prices. “This policy package balances the need to be progressive and to act fast – the existence of the council tax system allows a payment to be made quickly in April to those who require support. “This includes a £144m Discretionary Fund that gives Local Authorities flexibility to target additional support to families not receiving the Council Tax Rebate.”