Forecasters have hailed the return of high pressure over Britain, which brings more settled conditions to the UK, after a cold front saw three named storms. Maps and charts show however winds and rain will return, with Monday, in particular, seeing the worst of the conditions. According to WXCHarts, the remainder of Friday will see some light snowfall in the north of Scotland, before clearing up by the evening, while the rest of the UK sees mostly cloudy skies and some rain. By 6pm, only the mountainous areas to the west of Scotland see snowfall, up to 5cm an hour, with the rest of Britain enjoying a clear evening after weeks of rain and stormy winds. Overnight into Saturday the UK enjoys clear conditions, with a comparably mild low temperature of 0C in Scotland and 2C in the south of England, before warming to 5C and 8C by midday respectively. While some snow remains on the ground in the northwest of England and in Scotland, this is expected to clear in England by Sunday afternoon, as conditions stay dry across Britain for the remainder of Saturday. By Sunday morning, some snow, 1cm an hour, returns to Fort William, and light rains feature over Derry, but the UK remains dry. However, winds are expected to be lively at this time, with between 40-45mph gusts expected in Northern Ireland, the northeast and northwest of England, and Aberdeen. However, pushing into Sunday night, a southwest pressure system brings with it rains pushing northeast into Britain. By 3am on Monday, rainfall will feature over the west coast of England, with Manchester and Birmingham also seeing 2mm an hour. Later in the morning this rainfall strengthens along the west coast line and pushes more into the north, with Newcastle seeing 1mm an hour while coastal areas see up to 5mm. Winds also begin to pick up again at this time, with the north west coast and Cornwall seeing near 40mph gusts at 9am. Over the 24 hours up to midnight on Tuesday, 18mm of rain will feature over the north west coast, with 12mm over Wales’ beaches and 11mm over Cornwall. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Rees-Mogg masterstroke shuts down gloating Rejoiners Alex Deakin, Met Office meteorologist, said the weather will “remain pretty lively over the next certainly four or five days, chopping and changing day-on-day”. The agency said Saturday is expected to be breezy, while people in the northwest have been told to brace for further strong winds and heavy rain on Sunday. After a spell of rain across the UK on Monday, calmer weather is forecast from Tuesday, though clear skies could bring frosty mornings, the Met Office said. Frank Saunders, Met Office Chief Meteorologist, also said in a statement: “A ridge of high pressure builds on Friday resulting in a fine, bright day for most. However, the winds pick up again as we head into the weekend with weather fronts bringing rain to the north and west and milder air spreads back in here.” Jo Farrow, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website high pressure returns to the UK after Monday. However, the weekend will still feature a cold front, with Ms Farrow saying: “(Saturday) looks breezy in the southeast with sunshine and temperatures up in double figures thanks to the southerly flow. “For Northern Ireland, western Wales and Scotland there will be fresh to strong southerly winds, more cloud but fair and sometimes bright. Temperatures of 9 or 10C but feeling cooler in the wind. “There is a balancing act with the high pressure away to the SE and the low away to the NW by Iceland. With brisk winds in between and a waving front lurking to the northwest and west of the UK. “Through Saturday night the cold front, with line convection again, begins to edge into Co.Fermanagh, Co.Tyrone and also western Scotland. Cold and clear ahead of this, so again frost in places. It will be windy for a time.” Following Monday, the Met Office’s long-range forecast from March 1 to March 10 holds the month to come will see higher pressure. They said: “Tuesday is likely to be showery and windy in the far north at first, with gales possible. Further south, outbreaks of rain are likely to clear by midday. “The very start of March could see high pressure near, although there could still be some rain at times, most likely for northern and western areas. “The rest of this period is likely to see changeable conditions return, with many areas seeing a mixture of wet and dry weather as well as strong winds at times. “Northern and western areas are most likely to see the heaviest rain with severe gales possible too, while the best of any dry and bright weather in the southeast. “Overall, it is likely to be mild with a chance of brief colder incursions in the north.”