Diego Maradona’s son has insisted that Lionel Messi will ditch Paris Saint-Germain and return to Barcelona as soon as possible. The Argentine signed for the French giants in the summer after his contract at the Nou Camp expired. Messi has been tipped to return to return to Barcelona and leave PSG soon by Diego Sinagra, son of football legend Maradona. That is because “he doesn’t look happy” at the Parc des Princes, adding to the chorus of other pundits insisting a similar notion. And Sinagra’s prediction could come true as soon as this summer after just one year in Ligue 1 after a shocking transfer saga. Messi saw his contract at Barcelona expire last year while the club were in financial ruin. It meant that his deal could not be renewed as they could not afford it, leading to a teary exit and a move to PSG to reunite with Neymar. But it has not been a brilliant season from the seven-time Ballon d’Or winner, who has scored just two league goals since. And Messi has been tipped to can his time in France and return to the club he had been with since 2004. “I am convinced that Leo Messi will return to Barca. Maybe this coming summer," Maradona Jr told Diario Sport. "He doesn't look happy there. "Obviously he is a great player and when you play like that you show it wherever he is. But his place is Barcelona, ​​without a doubt." Whether PSG would be willing to cancel Messi’s contract looks highly unlikely, considering the amount of effort went into signing him last year. The 34-year-old’s terms keep him at the Parc des Princes until 2023, while they also have an option to extend by another season. However, Messi has already insisted that he would love to return to Barcelona at some point. "I always said that I would love to be able to help the club," Messi said in November. "I would love to be a technical secretary at some point. I don't know if it will be at Barcelona or not. Or if it will be elsewhere. "If there is a possibility, I would like to contribute again in what I can because it is the club that I love and I would love for it to continue to be good, to continue growing and to continue being one of the best in the world."