After slimming down for his 1973 Aloha From Hawaii special, Elvis Presley’s last couple of years saw him really let himself go. The King ballooned in weight and was addicted to the uppers and downers he felt he needed to maintain his busy touring schedule. From 1974-1976 the star performed almost 400 concerts and by his final months looked a shadow of the hunk he once was, as he suffered from liver damage, glaucoma, an enlarged colon and high blood pressure. Around Christmas of 1976, his girlfriend of four years Linda Thompson amicably broke up with him, wanting a normal life away from his hectic celebrity lifestyle. During his final 1977 tour, manager Colonel Tom Parker had organised for what would be a third and final TV special. Filmed weeks before his death on August 16, footage was taken from concerts in Nebraska and South Dakota on June 19 and 21. The programme titled Elvis in Concert was later broadcast two months after he died on CBS on October 3. It has never been commercially released, with the star’s estate saying later in a statement: “We have no plans for releasing a home video of the Elvis in Concert material at this time. Because of the severity of Elvis' health problems at the time the special was shot, Elvis was far from his best in the way he looked and the way he performed, though there are some truly brilliant moments in the footage.” Appearing in 2017 documentary film The King, Memphis Mafia member Jerry Schilling said: “I saw the CBS special and I called The Colonel and I said, ‘How could you let him be filmed looking like that?’” Linda shared: “I just remember standing and looking at the television set and thinking, ‘Oh my god, this is not even the same man that I said goodbye to eight months ago. It was horrifying to me to watch.” However, just as Elvis Presley Enterprises said in their statement, there were incredible scenes of The King performing well despite his increasing ailments which would soon lead to his death at just 42-years-old. His ex-girlfriend added: “But the power that he had on Unchained Melody that night was just gut-wrenching.” Elvis’ pianist Tony Brown said: “That song brings him pain for some reason, I don’t know why it does but, it was like the greatest performance he’d ever done.” In the documentary film Elvis: The Searcher, The King’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley said: “Those last shows were not the most memorable as far as performance. Sometimes he didn’t get through a song. I think the last year, he was pretty much over it. I don’t even know why he went on stage. They’re just hard to watch. Sometimes I think it was maybe better if they just cancelled the show.” DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection [LISA MARIE]Dolly Parton’s turning down Elvis worked out thanks to Whitney Houston [DOLLY PARTON]Brian May's warning for Elvis biopic after making Bohemian Rhapsody [EXCLUSIVE] In the same documentary, Rock and roll writer Nik Cohn said: “Night by night it became harder for him to carry on being Elvis. Drugs and self-destructiveness were all punishments.” Despite this, Elvis found great satisfaction in the reactions he’d get from his huge and devoted fan base. Cohn added: “He was in great pain and yet he would give so much pleasure. He would go off stage and collapse and the audience would go out…joyous; spiritually blessed.” Elvis died at just 42-years-old, after a heart attack on the toilet upstairs at Graceland, on August 16, 1977.