The Cleaning Fairy Godmother, aka Jen Needham, detailed her method to tackle a dirty shower screen. Jen, also known as the Cleaning Fairy Godmother is a cleaning guru with a huge 800k followers on TikTok. She also posts her cleaning advice to @clean_with_jen on Instagram. The cleanfluencer advised mixing vinegar and washing up liquid together. Jen said: "The best combination for cleaning up a dirty shower door is to mix a tablespoon of vinegar and washing up liquid. READ MORE: Incredible folding guru's three ways to fold jeans goes viral - 'I could watch for hours' "Add it to a 750ml spray bottle too with water." Once you have made the mixture, Jen advises arming yourself with it and a cleaning tool. She suggested a Scrub Daddy, a scrubber that changes from soft to firm in hot and cold water. If you don't have one, a scrubber that won't scratch the screen door can also be used. DON'T MISSHow to clean grout: Cleaning guru's choice product [EXPERT] £1 trick to clean grease from the oven [CLEANING] Folding method for towels has gone viral [INFLUENCER] Jen said: "I like to spray this all over the door and then go in with a scrub sponge, like Scrub Daddy, or a nonscratch stainless steel scrubber. "Then I use a window vac or window squeedgy to remove the liquid." Sometimes it takes a few goes to get a sparkling clean finish. Jen said: "Depending on how bad the shower door is you sometimes need to go over again." Vinegar and washing up liquid is an ideal combination to lift dirt and watermarks. Washing up liquid helps to lift away dirt from surfaces. Vinegar, on the other hand, helps to kill bacteria and dissolve away hard watermarks. White vinegar is the most commonly recommended for cleaning. Jen has another cleaning hack to create a paste with bicarbonate soda and washing up liquid. It works as a mild abrasive to further lift dirt from your household surfaces. Jen uses it in various rooms around the house. She said: "You can use it to clean your sink and cooker and it leaves a lovely shine and gets rid of any build-up."