In a set of bumper polls that ran from 7am on Friday, February 25, to 8am on Monday, February 28, Express.co.uk asked for readers’ opinions on the recent scandals surrounding Prince Charles’ charity, Prince Andrew’s legal settlement, and the strength of the monarchy overall. The results were telling. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Does the Prince Charles charity cash-for-honours scandal bother you?”, referring to the current Metropolitan Police investigation into claims that a Saudi billionaire was offered help to secure UK citizenship and a knighthood after he donated money to The Prince’s Foundation — allegations which Clarence House has said the Prince had no knowledge. Express.co.uk readers were divided on this topic, with 5,315 votes cast. A total of 47 percent  (2,485) said “yes”, with 46 percent (2,452) voting “no” and seven percent (378) saying they were “not sure”. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Does the Prince Andrew settlement money question bother you?”, referring to recent news that the Duke of  York, agreed to pay an undisclosed sum as part of a financial settlement in a US civil sexual assault case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. The Duke made no admission of liability, but the bill could allegedly be as high as £12million, with calls for clarity over whether taxpayer money could be used. On this topic, Express readers were clear: The vast majority of the 5,300 voters said “yes” with 63 percent (3,351) opting for this answer. A further 33 percent (1,742) voted “no”, while four percent (207) were “not sure”. All this culminated in the question: “Do you think the monarchy is as strong as ever or beginning to crumble?” A total of 5,315 people voted, and the results give an indication of wavering public support for the monarchy. Overall, the majority of voters answered that the monarchy is “strong as ever”, but only by a whisper, with just 51 percent  (2,685) of voters choosing this option. A further 45 percent (2,406) voted that the monarchy is “beginning to crumble”, while four percent (224) said they didn’t know. Dozens of comments were left below the revealing polls, with readers showing a mix of frustration, concern about the monarchy, and a desire for it to modernise. Username Guardi wrote: “It is a hiccup. The Queen will remain strong, Charles will be a good and caring King, and William will have time to mature. “The Monarchy will modernise under Charles and will survive.” Meanwhile, username Bonsai57 wrote: “As much admiration as I have for Charles’ ahead-of-his-time focus on the environment, I do believe he is not the future of the monarchy.” Others expressed more frustration with the system. Username Sharpasatack said: “I’m afraid the entitlement and downright deluded attitude of most of the Royal Family is leading to their downfall…Time to rethink the monarchy and stop the gravy train once and for all.” And username The0rising wrote: “It's time for the end of the monarchy so they can face life like the rest of us have to do. “Never agreed that I've had no choice that a part of my hard-earned money has been in taxes to an elitist load of nonsense.” Username lisa121 wrote: “The taxpayer should certainly not pay for Andrew's settlement.” Others, however, were keen to point out that any family will have its problems, and one under such scrutiny can’t be expected to be much different. Username Gilli Pepper said: “You don’t have to dig that deep to find problems in any family.” To which username Itsmeoncemore replied: “but 'any' family is not representing its country to the whole world — or getting paid for it.”