Kate confessed her three beloved children were rather jealous to learn one of her stops during her whirlwind two-day visit to Copenhagen included Lego bricks. The Duchess of Cambridge visited on Tuesday, during her first day in Denmark, the Lego Foundation PlayLab within the University of Copenhagen, where students training to be early years professionals are encouraged to play. Speaking to some of the students and researchers at the venue, the Duchess candidly said: "My children are very jealous they weren't coming to see the Lego Foundation. "They were like, 'hang on, there's Lego and we're not coming?' "Kate also opened up on how she spent some of last week, when her children were having a break from school due to the half-term holidays. Providing a rare insight into her family life, the Duchess said the Cambridges played with Lego bricks. During the engagement, Kate also embraced the spirit of the foundation and threw herself down a slide. Joking with photographers waiting for her at the end of the tunnel, Kate said: "You stood far enough away!" Amid laughter, she added: "In the spirit of where I am, I had to do it". Kate split her solo tour to Copenhagen into two main areas of focus, as revealed by Kensington Palace. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could 'reinvent himself' in Megxit-style move to America A tweet shared this morning by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's official account read: "Yesterday was all about understanding the very earliest stages of a child’s development here in Denmark. "Today we move on to learn about the next stage of their life, focusing on children’s mental health and wellbeing." Kate's trip to Copenhagen has been widely described as fact-finding, as she is meeting experts, parents and professionals able to share with her why Denmark is widely considered a leader in the early years and happiness for children. However, her schedule also included a visit to the Danish royal palace, Amalienborg, to meet Queen Margrethe II. Much like Queen Elizabeth II, the Danish head of state is marking a milestone in 2022. While the British Queen has become this month the first-ever English sovereign to have reigned for 70 years, Queen Margrethe is celebrating her 50th year on the throne. The Duchess and the sovereign were joined during the audience by Crown Princess Mary, the wife of future Danish King Crown Princess Frederik. Mary and Kate later left together to have lunch and to visit the Danner Crisis Centre, an initiative supporting vulnerable women and children victim of domestic violence. This project is supported by Mary's foundation which, focused on the themes of bullying, loneliness and violence aims at fighting social isolation. Kate and Mary, who are both destined to become Queen Consorts one day, first met in 2011 during the Cambridges' official tour of Denmark. They later met one another on several different occasions, including Royal Ascot and celebrations for Prince Charles's 70th birthday. The sight of the royal reunion filled their fans with glee, with many taking to Twitter to praise both Kate and Mary. The two royals have often been compared in the past - not just for the destiny they share but also for how beloved they are in their countries for their commitment to the Crown. Their fashion style is also widely appreciated and deemed influential by experts and fans alike.