The DVSA has urged road users to sign up for free MOT reminders to ensure they never miss a test. Having a valid MOT test certificate is a legal requirement and drivers will be hit with massive penalties if they do not comply with the rules. Posting on Twitter, they said: “Never forget another MOT! “Try signing up to our free MOT reminder service.” The DVSA said drivers will get a reminder sent by text message or email just before their MOT is due. Motorists will receive a reminder about one month before a car, van or motorcycle MOT test is due. READ MORE: DVSA reveals which car part is the ‘most failed MOT item’ Owners of a lorry, bus or a large trailer will get reminders set two months before a test is scheduled. Last year, Chris Price, Head of MOT Policy at the DVSA, warned many motorists were “unsure” when their MOT test was due. He said: “We know lots of vehicle owners are unsure about when their test is this year. “So our free MOT reminder service offers peace of mind they won’t miss their test date. DON'T MISSMotorists 'lack confidence' to check MOT history on used cars [INSIGHT]Classic car owners may fail MOT test using E10 fuel [ANALYSIS]DVSA says garages can hide some MOT issues from owners [COMMENT] “We’re committed to helping people to keep their vehicles safe to drive. “Signing up for an MOT reminder is a quick and easy way for motorists to do this.” A poll from the Motor Ombudsman last March found drivers were generally aware of when their MOT expired. A massive 89 percent said they knew the expiry date of their annual certificate in what was an “unexpected result”. A massive 90 percent also said they were aware they had some flexibility with their car’s MOT. Drivers can get their MOT test up to a month earlier than the due date if they so wish. Motorists can sign up for reminders online as long as they provide a mobile phone number or email address and their vehicle registration number. The DVSA said drivers who have sold their car or transferred it to someone else must unsubscribe to stop getting the reminders. Motorists can stop the messages by following the instructions in the text message they receive. However, the DVSA warns drivers will pay the cost of a standard text message when they unsubscribe from text reminders. Alternatively, drivers can click the unsubscribe link in the email reminder they are sent. The DVSA warns drivers who do not have a valid MOT in place could be fined up to £1,000. KwikFit warns penalties could be even more extreme with fines riding to £2,500 in some circumstances. They also warned penalties could include penalty points on a driving licence while motorists could even be disqualified in more severe cases.