Marcus (played by Darcy Grey) has only appeared in a couple of episodes on Emmerdale so far, having made contact with Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) after she told him his father, Pierce (Jonathan Wrather), was dying. By the time next week comes around, he is back in the Dales once more as it seems he has found a love interest in Ethan Anderson (Emile John). However, as one serial killer get ready to make her exit from the ITV soap in the form of Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu), another could be on the horizon as it soon becomes clear the newcomer might have a secret of his own. The heartthrob's mother is not yet known to viewers but fans are well aware of the darkness Pierce possessed during his time in the village. Not only did he abuse his ex-wife Rhona but he was also responsible for holding Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) hostage and murdering Graham Foster (Andrew Scarborough). Incarcerated for his crimes, the villain eventually died behind bars after coming down with an unknown illness which Rhona only learnt of a few days before his death. Since Marcus has been seen on-screen it has been explained he knew his father was abusive and had always tried to steer away from any likeness of him. However, he didn't get to see Pierce before he died and this could have triggered anger inside him which could manifest itself into becoming a full-bloodied killer. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actor who plays Marcus, Darcy, has addressed whether his character is on course to become the show's new villain. The soap star said: "I think we all don’t think that we’re like our parents in real life. "Me and my dad, I know him very well but I didn’t grow up with him and so there’s always been a separation even though we’ve been empathetically close but I’ve always thought, ‘I’m not really like him, I’m definitely like my mum.’ "But as I’m growing slightly older, I’m noticing little bits that I’m like ‘My dad reacts like that, my dad does those sorts of things.' "So I think Marcus likes to think he’s nothing like his dad but I think that instinctual thing comes out of him through the story, that’s the bit that we’ll tend to see that he is quite similar to his dad at some point." Pierce didn't have an ounce of likability inches body and therefore, the only likeness they could have is a mutual evil that Marcus has inherited. He could carry on his father's work, bringing down some of the show's most beloved characters including Rhona and Vanessa. These are two residents who managed to escape Pierce's clutches whilst he was alive so they could be at the top of Marcus' hit list. As he gets more acquainted with his neighbours, he could realise there are some other people he could silence during his reign of terror. But just how long could he get away with murder given the village is still grieving the loss of Meena's countless victims? DON'T MISS...Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb clashes with husband Matthew over 'obsession' [COMMENT]Lucy Pargeter health: Star couldn't breathe properly for 11 years [COMMENT] Newcomer Darcy continued: "He’s very interesting, I think, he’s also a bit of an outcast. "He doesn’t necessarily know what his position is and the interesting point at this part of the storyline is that all of a sudden it has shifted what he thought was a calm life. "He’s got himself a job, he knows where his mum lives and he thought he knew where he was, and then all of a sudden this piece of information comes through about his dad and it’s just shifted things and reverted it back to this unstable position for him. "The reason I think he’s an outcast is because he’s always had that pressure from his dad. He left when he was so young. "So he never had that clear path that a lot of people do have, usually, and so now that he has come to the village, it’s kind of an open book as to where the next stage of Marcus goes, so that’s why I think it’s quite an exciting point in his life." The actress who plays Rhona, Zoe, has spoken out on who she thinks her co-star Darcy does resemble a likeness to Pierce physically. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, she said: "He is uncannily like Johnny Wrather. It’s quite extraordinary! "Darcy does have a very strong resemblance to Johnny, which is enormously helpful in telling the story. "So that constant reminder, [Rhona] doesn’t want that in the village. She doesn’t want to pop into the café and see that stark reminder of her past. "She wants to help [Marcus] but it comes with its boundaries, I guess," she added, so is this another hint Marcus will be like villain Pierce? Taking to Twitter, viewers of the show don't seem to have faith in Marcus being a good person as Katie wrote: "I do not like this Marcus one bit, something about him just doesn’t seem right #Emmerdale." Chris posted on the social media platform: "#Emmerdale this whole Marcus thing will turn out to be something ridiculously unbelievable." Ashley shared: "Mmm Don't think Marcus is all that he seems to think he is. Another Meena in the making! @Emmerdale #emmerdale @ZoeHenry03." "#emmerdale Watch out #Rhona, I don't trust this Marcus guy! Afraid it's going to be, like father, like son," Suz commented. Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.