Each month, the Moon moves through its phases and mystics say each phase impacts our emotions, intuition, dreams and soul differently. Lunar expert Kirsty Gallagher explained: “Month on month the Moon moves through a cycle of different phases from dark to new, waxing (growing bigger) to full, waning (getting smaller) back to dark, and as she does she takes us on a powerful inner journey with her. “Working with the Moon and her phases means that rather than being thrown around by emotions and life, you get to take back control and make relevant changes in your life, working with the ancient wisdom and magic of the Moons cycles to do this.” READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Most ‘unique’ sign needs to look for one thing Both New Moon and Full Moon days are the perfect time for celebrating the moon and harnessing its power and magic, but the energy is different on each occasion. A Full Moon in Pisces is the perfect time to commit to positive personal goals, according to Cafe Astrology. The site adds: “These include taking a leap of faith, accepting imperfections in ourselves and in others as a different kind of “perfection,” starting a project that requires imagination and visualisation skills, consciously putting time aside for peaceful and rejuvenating activities, and sharing a dream with another. “With this potent Pisces energy, we have the chance to make important changes in our lives. This New Moon is especially warm, generous, and optimistic with its alignment with Jupiter. Its sextile to Uranus is progressive, open, and change-positive.” Your rituals will need to make sense for this influence, so consider that when planning them. Still no clue what to do? Kirsty has revealed five things to do on the New Moon. Sage cleansing is normally something associated with Full Moons, as they’re all about letting go and moving on.However, you can use sage to cleanse your space on a New Moon too. Kirsty said: “As the New Moon is the beginning of a whole new lunar cycle this is a wonderful time for cleansing rituals, to ensure that you start afresh and with a blank slate. “Use a sage smudge stick or Palo Santo to cleanse your environment and your physical, emotional, and spiritual bodies. “Simply burn the stick, or even incense and hold the intention to use the smoke to cleanse away anything you don’t need. This is also a great time to do energy or chakra healing to really clear your energies. “This is also the time of the lunar cycle to set intentions so take time on the New Moon to set up a quiet sacred space to tune into what you want the following month to bring, and to set your intentions." DON'T MISS...Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INFORMER]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Sagittarius 2022 yearly horoscope: What the sign can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] According to Kirsty, a New Moon is a wonderful time to charge your crystals with the intentions you set and what you want to create. Make sure you cleanse your crystals first to get rid of stagnant and unhelpful energy - you can do this by running them under some water. Leave your crystals by a window on the New Moon to absorb the energy and let them sit there for a day or two. Resting your crystals on a piece of selenite or quartz will help this to work even better. A New Moon is the perfect time to set intentions, especially since the Moon is in dreamy Pisces. Kirsty said: “You may even want to create a Moon altar on a New Moon that you can meditate/journal in front of through the lunar cycle. “Write out your intentions and what you want the lunar cycle to bring you.” If you’re prone to writing down big ideas and then forgetting to act on them, create a vision board that has your goals up in big letters and pictures. Every time you see your vision board you’ll be reminded of your goals, so stick it somewhere that you frequently pass.