Property expert Phil Spencer, who is the co-presenter of Channel 4’s Love It Or List It alongside Kirstie Allsopp, has shared his advice with people looking for the right time to sell their house. Phil, 52, who is also the co-founder of Move iQ, spoke to Nathan Emerson, CEO of Propertymark about when the best time is to sell and his predictions for this year’s housing market. The latest tips are from Move iQ’s property podcast series, where they share advice on buying and selling a home, the right way. On this podcast episode Phil was joined again by Nathan Emerson, CEO of Propertymark, to share invaluable advice on moving home the right way. He said: “Today we are going to be talking about when is the best time to sell a house and I am joined by Nathan Emerson, CEO of Propertymark. “Now it feels to me that the traditional times of year for selling and buying and moving seems to have completely gone out of the window recently, would you agree?" Nathan replied: “That would be an interesting observation for a number of matters. READ MORE: Inside Princess Beatrice & Eugenie's former £20k St James' Palace flat “So we obviously had traditional times in the year where properties would primarily go to the market for the spring and maybe you had a big flurry as people came back from the summer holidays - you know September, October and November.” “What we have seen over the past couple of years has been the activity, certainly over those traditional quieter periods has actually continued from august through to the December period.” Nathan explained how estate agents normally average about 40 to 50 percent or transactions during that period. He added: “The volumes of business which have been carried out during those traditional stunt periods haven’t been far off what we would normally expect to happen." DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to remove stains from toilet seats [TIPS]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove limescale from bathroom taps [COMMENT] Phil shared his thoughts on how the property market has been “skewed”. He said: “But it has been skewed hasn’t it? “It’s not just the pandemic because before the pandemic we had Brexit, we had the general election and those events skewed the market because the back end of 2019 was pretty quiet while everybody sat on the fence wondering what was going on. “Then we had the pandemic and the market got massively busy right when you thought we were in a pandemic that’s a global recession.” Nathan explained how there is a “seasonal preference” when it comes to the best time to sell a property. He said: “I think the interesting thing is overall properties are still selling and people are still buying. “But let’s put this in context, not many people realise that the reason you ended up with a lot of ebbs and flows in why the markets came to light was more down to people’s seasonal preferences. “Also as an agent you have to take photographs and at certain times of the year you can take great photographs and at certain times of the year you can’t as there were people on holiday. “There wasn’t the digital environment that we’ve got now that allowed you to showcase everything so they were contributing factors as much as anything else." Phil also asked Nathan what he predicts the housing market will look like this year. Nathan replied: “What were all hoping is that activity continues in the market, but I’m going to say that with a degree of caution, I think that were hoping that the market continues at a level which is sustainable and weave seen massive unprecedented price rises over the last 12 months - some areas even as high as 20-25 percent and some a little bit lower. “London actually went backwards in price over the pandemic so it has a blacking effect, but overall we’ve seen great rises in price, we’ve seen property transaction volumes now which have historically been running.” Phil explained how agents like a busy market because they like volume, but they don’t necessarily like prices going through the roof. He said: “They want volume and I think it’s realistic to assume that people bought forwards their plans and taken advantage of the stamp duty holiday “So it’s natural to assume there will be a fall.”