Manchester United legend Wes Brown has insisted Harry Maguire is still the right man to be the club’s captain despite his inconsistent form. The England international has been subject of ‘power struggle’ rumours involving Cristiano Ronaldo in recent weeks. But Brown is adamant he’s the best person for the job. Manchester United spent a massive £80million to sign Maguire from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019. However, while he’s been a regular under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick throughout his time at Old Trafford, he’s often struggled for consistency. Last week, it was reported that United players felt it was ‘inevitable’ Maguire would be replaced by Ronaldo as captain. This is something both the England international and interim boss Ralf Rangnick have both since denied. And Brown, speaking to The Sun, has expressed a belief Maguire is the best player to wear the club’s armband at the current moment in time. He said: "Harry Maguire gets a lot of stick and he gets a lot of stick because he’s slow. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "It is a simple as that, there’s not much more to it. "He’s a very good defender and he scores lots of goals for a defender. "Everyone in their career has ups and downs, you don’t play well all the time. "But obviously when Harry does this, he gets a lot of criticism. "I understand it because he’s at Manchester United but I think he handles it well. "I’ve always said I think Harry is a fantastic defender and fans always judge on past defenders and I think that’s a bit harsh." DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United are in Champions League action tonight, with the Red Devils set to lock horns with Diego Simeone’s Atletico Madrid. And Brown feels Maguire can lead his team to a huge victory at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. "They are not doing too well, if I’m being honest,” added the defender, who won the trophy twice under Sir Alex Ferguson. "We’ve definitely got the players there and we’ve got a good counter-attack. "You cant underestimate the way they defend and how they go about the game in general. "But if we can keep that same spirit from Sunday going into the game then I think we’ll be good. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We’ve got a great chance against Atletico Madrid." Speaking at a press conference before the contest, United star Bruno Fernandes also shut down talk of dressing room unrest. "We have to follow what the manager and staff think is the best way for us,” he said. “Here at this club I have never heard anyone complain about the tactics and I hope no one would do. "That doesn't respect the coach's ideas because I think we have been doing so well since he arrived. We have more identity as a team. "I don't know what people mean by [these stories] honestly. “I was doing an interview and they asked me about Jadon [Sancho] doing my celebration. I don't think that is something that is going in different ways. "I saw the goal of [Maguire] and I'm seeing Paul [Pogba] running behind him sliding on his knees. Everyone was happy for him. I was slapping [Maguire's] head and saying 'finally you score with that big head'. "So, I think honestly it's just people trying to complain and make up stories about this club, because we know when someone talks about us they go around the world with their voice and that's something they want. "For us, it means nothing. We stick to the plan and we stick together. That's the main thing - sticking together and winning together."