If you’re after new reading glasses, or simply want some glasses to filter out the blue light emitted from your gadgets’ screens, then we may have found the perfect deal for you. Opulize is a glasses company that sells a great range of affordable and stylish glasses, including clever blue light blocking specs - and they’re currently offering up to 20% off. Simply use the code RD20 to bag the discounts. The best part is that there are specs for everyone, whether you already wear glasses or you have perfect vision but spend a lot of time looking at screens. That’s because Opulize sells some remarkable glasses called ‘blue blocks’. They’re pretty neat in that they filter out harmful blue light rays that come from the screens of our laptops, phones and other devices. Those long hours spent playing those addictive games on your phone, scrolling through social media and snapping selfies can all come with a cost. Putting on a pair of blue blocks when you’re looking at a screen can help filter out those harmful rays - and Opulize has got some stylish models to choose from so you don’t have to pick between fashion or functionality. Some people have even found that wearing blue blocks has helped with reducing headaches and has improved their sleep! A good night’s kip is on many of our wish lists, so these glasses should be too. If you’re a prescription glasses wearer, then not only can you grab a pair of blue blocks with a strength to suit you, but you can also choose from a range of other high-quality glasses. Opulize has a great collection of lenses, hinges, diopters and high-fashion frames. Here’s a list of what you can get with this 20% discount deal:   As you can see, you can get completely kitted out in the eye department!   Perhaps this summer you’ll find yourself chilling outside, enjoying a lemonade and reading a good book with the help of a new pair of Opulize sun readers. Or, maybe you’ll see your favourite sports player score a winning goal in a match, with the help of some new Opulize distance glasses. So, whatever you do, don’t miss out. Grab yourself a pair of specs to improve your sight or protect your peepers. Snap up the 20% offer at Opulize today and ‘see’ for yourself.   