US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, 59, suggested Russia could commence a large-scale invasion during an interview with Lester Holt, 62, on NBC News. When asked by Mr Holt if he had "reason to believe" Russia could launch a "full invasion of Ukraine" before the night is over, Mr Blinken said: "I do. “Unfortunately, Russia has positioned its forces at the final point of readiness across Ukraine's borders, to the north, to the east, to the south. "Everything seems to be in place for Russia to engage in a major aggression against Ukraine." However, when pushed if he thought this would occur by the end of the night, Mr Blinken appeared to backtrack and instead suggested the timing remains unknown. He explained: "Look, I can't put a date or an exact time on it but everything is in place for Russia to move forward." The comments come after Russian President Vladimir Putin, 69, ordered troops into Donetsk and Luhansk following the announcement the Kremlin recognises the two regions as independent states. US President Joe Biden, 79, announced Washington would impose sanctions on Moscow in response to Mr Putin's actions. JUST IN: Donald Trump says 'genius' Vladimir Putin is 'playing Biden like a drum' over Ukraine The Commander-in-Chief, who described Putin's actions as a "flagrant violation of international law", imposed measures on the significant Russian financial institutions Vnesheconombank and Promsvyazbank. He also expanded sovereign debt prohibitions, which look set to limit access to US markets and investors, introduced full blocking sanctions on five Russian elites and said any institution in the Russian financial services sector would be a target to further sanctions. However, Mr Holt suggested sanctions would not deter Mr Putin in Ukraine. In response, Mr Blinken said: "I think there is still an opportunity to avert a major aggression, although again they are in their final stages of being able to engage in one. "Yesterday, when they began this invasion of Ukraine, we hit them hard. "Not just us, but in unison with Europe, in unison with our other allies and partners, going against major financial institutions, taking out a major project the so-called Nord Stream 2 pipeline that Germany took off the table." The UK is one country in Europe which has taken action against Russia. READ MORE: Putin could start 'major war in Europe' at any moment, Ukraine's President warns Boris Johnson, 57, announced a series of sanctions taken against Moscow after Mr Putin ordered troops into the two rebel-held regions in east Ukraine. Five banks and three Russian billionaires have had their assets frozen. The Prime Minister has faced calls from across the House of Commons to go further and impose tougher sanctions on Russia. Mr Biden has also faced criticism for US sanctions. Nikki Haley, 50, a Republican politician and former US Ambassador to the UN said: "President Biden promised a 'swift and severe' response. "He did not deliver. DON'T MISS: Putin's fatal achilles heel exposed: 'What makes him dangerous' [REVEAL] Hundreds take to London streets in furious protest against Putin [REPORT] Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin [ANALYSIS] She added: "Ukraine is a test of western resolve. It’s not just about Putin. "The Chinese communists and Iranian jihadists are watching too. "It’s a major leadership moment for Biden. So far, he’s failing." During his interview with Holt, Blinken also warned Russia could face further sanctions in the future. He said: "At the same time, we've said very clearly that if Russia continues to escalate, so will we. "And so they have to factor that into what they're thinking. "At the end of the day, if that doesn't stop President Putin, we've made very clear, along with all of our allies and partners, that there will be massive consequences going forward, a price that Russia will have to pay for a long, long time."