Struggling striker Romelu Lukaku has been savaged by a former Chelsea flop in the wake of his dreadful performance against Crystal Palace. The Belgian had just seven touches in the entire 90 minutes at Selhurst Park as Hakim Ziyech’s late goal secured the three points. It is the latest low point in what has been a deeply unhappy return to Stamford Bridge for Lukaku, following a club-record move from Inter Milan in the summer transfer window. He has now gone four Premier League games without a goal, with Chelsea’s title challenge having also fallen flat. And former Blues flop Chris Sutton believes that Lukaku only has himself to blame after his ‘embarrassing’ display against Palace. Sutton knows all about what it is like to struggle for Chelsea, having scored just three goals after a then-record move from Blackburn. And the Englishman has now slammed Lukaku, insisting that he only has himself to blame for his recent downturn in performances. JUST IN: Chelsea team news: Expected XI vs Lille after Tuchel's revelation “I had ever finished a game having had only seven touches of the ball, I’d feel embarrassed walking back into that training ground,” Sutton told the Daily Mail. “For a striker to come out of 90 minutes with that sorry statistic screams ‘I’m hiding’ and there’s no escaping that for Romelu Lukaku. “Maybe he will blame a lack of service, but that’s only part of the problem. If Lukaku wanted to touch the ball more than seven times against Crystal Palace, he could have done. “He could have made better movements. He could have made it impossible for his team-mates to ignore him.” DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS) Sutton also accused the Belgian of all but giving up as his move back to Chelsea threatens to fall apart. “Lukaku’s body language at Manchester United was often questioned and watching his performance on Saturday suggested he isn’t going out of his way to make this move work, either,” he added. “Centre forwards create their own luck. I felt bad for my Chelsea manager Gianluca Vialli. He convinced the club to invest in me but when the goals don’t flow, confidence is low. “You second guess yourself, but I can say I never stopped trying to get on the ball and do what they signed me to do.” Lukaku is expected to keep his starting spot for the visit of Lille in the Champions League on Tuesday, but Sutton does not believe a good performance against the French champions will ease any concerns. “Lukaku will go into this game knowing there has been major talk of his seven touches. He should be motivated to want to beat that total early on and if he scores, he might even go for the old ‘shush’ celebration,” he wrote. “The best way to silence his critics would be to do what Tuchel is telling him to do — to play the way your manager wants and serve your side by not letting games pass you by. “Lukaku can be a deadly finisher of chances when he wants to be and that’s why his disappearing act at Selhurst Park was so alarming.”