Tottenham have brought seven new players to north London since last summer as transfer chief Fabio Paratici looks to seek out mouthwatering deals and help the club build for the future. Spurs have never been shy when it comes to delving into the transfer market. Tottenham have also seen plenty of aces depart the club over the years, with the turnover of players ensuring the Lilywhites don’t fall too far behind their Premier League rivals. And Express Sport takes a look at five former Spurs stars we can’t believe are still playing. Roman Pavlyuchenko Tottenham shelled out £14million to sign striker Roman Pavlyuchenko from Spartak Moscow in 2008. And the former Russia international was tasked with leading the Spurs frontline. But he struggled to adapt to life in England and scored just 21 top flight goals in 78 matches before moving to Lokomotiv Moscow three-and-a-half years later. Remarkably Pavlyuchenko, who won 51 caps for his country, is still plying his trade in the Russian third tier with Znamya Noginsk at the grand old age of 40. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley  Paulinho Former Brazil international Paulinho spent two years with Spurs after arriving from Corinthians in 2013. Tottenham spent £17million to get their hands on the midfielder after beating off competition from Real Madrid. But he failed to impress in the capital and ended up moving to China. The 33-year-old is now back at Corinthians after signing for them last month. Fraizer Campbell Fraizer Campbell has become a journeyman of the game and has played for eight clubs during his career. The striker came through the academy at Manchester United and joined Spurs on loan in 2008 after impressing during temporary spells with Royal Antwerp and Hull City. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take advantage of Chelsea pain to sign their own Bale (INSIGHT)Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea struggle highlights worrying trend for Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Chelsea or Barcelona transfer decision made by Jules Kounde (NEWS)     But he scored just three goals in 22 appearances for the Lilywhites and returned to Manchester after just one season in the capital. The 34-year-old is currently on the books of Huddersfield Town in the Championship. But he is yet to find the back of the net this season, despite playing 18 games. Sandro Another Brazil international who failed to make the grade in England was midfielder Sandro, who spent four years with Spurs after signing for them in 2010. He later joined QPR and also spent half a season on loan at West Brom. The 32-year-old is still going strong and signed for Portuguese side Belenenses at the start of the season. But he clearly hasn’t made an impact at the club as he has appeared just once for them.   Vlad Chiriches Spurs signed Vlad Chiriches from Steaua Bukarest in 2013, but the centre-back proved to be a bit-part player for the team. He made 43 appearances for Tottenham before departing to join Napoli in 2015. The 32-year-old didn’t fare much better with the Partenopei, however, and only played 48 times in five years. He joined fellow Serie A side Sassuolo on loan in 2019 before signing for the club on a permanent basis a year later. And he is currently holding down a place in the team’s backline. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 