Jean (played by Gillian Wright) has put herself first for once in recent weeks on EastEnders by pursuing Harvey (Ross Boatman), the first man to have made her happy since the late Daniel Cook (Adrian Edmondson). They have faced some opposition from the matriarch's daughter, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), but the iconic character has made her stance clear she wants to enjoy being in the moment with her man. However, he has his fair share of demons to conquer as his son Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham) remains behind bars after being charged with acts of terrorism. But could these hurdles see the pair make their exit from the BBC soap? The drama begins in next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama as Jean knows her boyfriend has a lot on his mind. Having handed his son to the police earlier this year, the father of two is nervous about signing a witness statement. This would help to convict his son of the crimes he has been charged with and possibly put him in jail for the rest of his life. Wanting to take her partner's mind off current matters, Jean decides to book a hotel holiday for them both away from Walford. Unfortunately, she doesn't get the response she is looking for when the taxi cab driver turns around and says he wants to slow things down. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? With Jean still planning on an exit from the Square, Harvey gets a call from his son who implores him not to sign the witness statement. Seeing her father in so much turmoil, Dana Monroe (Barbara Smith) is shocked to learn he has asked his girlfriend if they can slow things down. Not wanting a relationship to be ruined by Aaron, Dana explains what is going on with her father to the Slater matriarch. Knowing what's going on, Jean wants to be more supportive than ever and she begins her quest to be as much help as possible. The father of two is later seen heading to the police station to sign the statement but it is not yet known if he will go through with it. Whatever happens, Harvey will be seen sitting in his cab drinking his sorrows away as it's clear he is unsettled by his decision. Jean is on hand to be his source of comfort and seeing him in such a state, she advises him to walk home instead of drive. When a police officer spots the pair together, Jean thinks on her feet as she tries to keep her partner out of trouble. This gives Harvey the much-needed boost he needed and he turns to Jean and tells her he wants them to go away together. Still concerned about her mother's relationship, Stacey jumps in and explains she thinks they should wait a bit before making an exit. DON'T MISS...Adam Woodyatt rakes in £2.5m as ex-wife ‘relies on food handouts’ [COMMENT]June Brown health: EastEnders star predicted death ‘soon’ [COMMENT]Jenny Ryan’s fury as EastEnders star ruins her Valentine's Day [COMMENT] It seems her efforts will be fruitless as Jean and Harvey prepare to leave Walford but will they go through with their plans? Jean's new mindset over her relationships seems to have been helped by her late partner's efforts to bring the character out of her shell. The actress who plays Jean, Gillian, has previously spoken out about what Daniel brought into her alter-ego's life. Gillian explained: "I think that she’s become stronger through dealing with cancer. "She’s become less timid and less scared, compared with how she was when we first met her in the early years. She has more courage." "I loved doing the storyline [with Daniel] because even though it was a story that was sad, and it could have been doom and gloom, we actually had a lot of fun," she told Inside Soap. "I think that the relationship with Daniel made Jean more feisty, and more confident. Even if she’s wrong, she does it with confidence." When she has left the Square to progress with a relationship, things haven't typically gone as well for Jean as when they did on-screen. In 2013, she left Walford to begin a new life with her lover, Ollie Walters (Tony O'Callaghan) but by 2018, the romance had ended. Could the same thing happen for Jean and Harvey as they look set to explore their connection further away from prying eyes? Taking to Twitter, viewers have commented on their reaction to the new couple on the Square and they all seem to be saying the same thing. Ryan wrote: "I do feel for Jean as she's been through so much. She should go and live with Harvey now though." Danni commented on the social media platform: "Oh my God I’m absolutely loving Jean having a love story #EastEnders." Linda remarked: "#EastEnders I hope Jean is ok, I like seeing her happy," with Dee posting: "Jean makes me laugh." "Stacey can't handle anyone else but her being happy - you tell her Jean! #EastEnders," Daniel shared. EastEnders continues tonight at 7:30pm on BBC One.