Fans of the hit singing contestant The Voice UK are in for a shock when the 2022 version of the show lands later this year. Reportedly the ITV series will no longer have live shows after it has been revealed that it has already been filmed. The popular talent show first aired in 2012 and now a decade later is set to change. The show crowned Craig Eddie as its 2021 winner and was mentored by pop sensation Anne-Marie. TV treasure Emma Willis hosts the show with the most recent celebrity judges alongside Anne-Marie, consisting of Olly Murs, Sir Tom Jones and Will.i.am. A show insider has said: "Everything has been filmed. It was all done by mid-February." Read More: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in tragic exit twist? Speaking to The Daily Star, they continued: "Live shows are very expensive to do. Pre-recording episodes is a much cheaper way of making TV." Express.co.uk has reached out to the show for comment. Many well-loved shows are pre-recorded but will this potential change mean viewers change the channel? "Lots of big shows are all pre-recorded in full - The Masked Singer, Starstruck, Bake Off and Drag Race are some of them," they added. It is yet to be revealed if the same will happen to the youth spin-off of The Voice Kids. The source ended with: "The days of super-expensive X Factor-style live shows every weekend throughout the autumn are long gone." With the pandemic playing havoc with many shows over the last few years, having a pre-recorded series means that no issues will affect the show, and it will air for the entire series with no hiccups. However, pre-recorded shows offer the potential for spoilers to be leaked or the winner revealed ahead of time. DON’T MISS… Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda Blethyn [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Mary Taylor's new lover unveiled in betrayal twist? [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead's Leah star issues warning over character 'Has nothing to live for' [LATEST] A source at ITV also spoke to the publication and said: "It's a big worry that the result will be leaked on social media. If that happens it will cause a major headache. "A lot of viewers won't bother to tune in if they know who wins." The show's official social media channels have been quiet, with their last tweet posted in March 2021 about winner Craig's new single. At the time, the winner said: "I'm shocked. Thank you to everyone, thank you to Scotland. Thank you to everyone who voted. "Thank you to Anne-Marie for believing in me and taking me to this point. Genuinely I can not express my feeling of gratitude enough." His 30-year-old singing sensation mentor said on the show: "I love you, Craig. "You are a proper artist. You've blossomed. You are the real deal. And I just want to say thank you for making my first show so special." Details of when the 2022 season will air are still yet to be disclosed. To catch up on The Voice UK 2021 visit the ITV Hub