Oti Mabuse, 31, was partnered with Ugo Monye, 38, on the Strictly Come Dancing 2021 and the former England rugby union player was the fourth celebrity to be eliminated from the show after being in the dance-off with Rhys Stephenson for Week Five. The sports pundit has now been cheekily blamed for "breaking" Oti after she bid farewell to the dancefloor. It comes after Ugo took to Instagram and questioned the South-African-born dancer over her Strictly departure. In view of his 90,700 followers, he accompanied the post with a series of snaps of the dancing duo's time together on the BBC show. He penned: "What did I do?! @otimabuse. "Congratulations on an epic Strictly Come Dancing career. It’s been a pleasure to work with you and know you will smash your next move." READ MORE: Giovanni's new partner unveiled as pro replaces Rose Ugo added the hashtags: "#StrictlyOti #BBCstrictly #strictlycomedancing." However, his heartfelt post didn't quite get the reception he had hoped for as his Strictly co-star Dan Walker cheekily took aim at the amateur dancer. The BBC Breakfast presenter replied: "You broke her with that rumba." But Oti admitted that his kind words definitely tickled her, as she took to the comment section. The Strictly pro commented: "Hahahahahahahahahaha this actually made me laugh. "Thank you for encouraging me to speak my truth and every step. You’ve honestly changed my view on life and I will always cherish our water bottles and brown cups." Ugo performed a Rumba to Leave The Door Open with his professional dance partner Oti but it was not enough to save the pair in the show dance-off in October. His comments come after Oti took to the picture-sharing site earlier this week and addressed her show exit. DON'T MISS... John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning[LATEST]Joanna Lumley health: Star laid bare 'complete nervous breakdown'[HEALTH]Steph McGovern bids farewell to Packed Lunch co-star after show exit[TV] The two-time Strictly winner began: "Never easy to say goodbye. "I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. "Lifting the Glitter Ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! "You are my family and I adore you all forever. " She continued: "Thank you @sarahjamesface @jack.will.g and @jasongilkison for truly believing in me. "I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank You from the bottom of my heart. "I can’t put into words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. "Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family especially, friends, strictly fans and judges who have been my support throughout my strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made every day unforgettable! I love you." Oti signed off: "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience! "Lots of Love Oti xxx @bbcstrictly @bbc."