Julia Bradbury, 51, said she is haunted by the invasion of Ukraine in a poignant message shared on social media. The presenter told fans that the situation is “shocking and unimaginable” as she contemplated things during an outdoor walk. She posted a photo of her stroll in some sand dunes on Saturday morning. The presenter was decked out in her walking gear and told her 165,000 followers: “Always good to feel the wind in your hair but my head is full, and my heart is heavy, considering the pain and turmoil that Ukraine is going through." The This Morning star then pleaded: “I hope the world does the right thing. “What's happening now is truly shocking and unimaginable in the 21st Century." READ MORE:Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement Dozens of Julia’s followers took to the comments to share their thoughts and wish her well as she continues to recover from a mastectomy. Helen penned: “It’s so very sad. Peace is the only way forward in this life.” Benjamin said: “It's all a game of thrones and as always it is ordinary folk that suffer." While Karen added: “You look great Julia. Glad you are doing well.”  And Geodatic wrote: “Looking like [your] recovery is going well.” Julia recently opened up about having to change her lifestyle following her breast cancer diagnosis. She admitted that she has been trying to give up an “addiction” that always “creeps up” on her. In an Instagram post on Thursday, Julia confessed while holding a large slice of chocolate cake: “I've always had a sweet tooth and felt lucky that I could eat the doughnuts, dunk the biscuits every day and snaffle the brownies without putting on weight. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response[LATEST]Olly Murs rushed into surgery and forced to pull out of shows[INSIGHT]'Even sadder now' Jeremy Clarkson shares thoughts on Ukraine invasion[NEWS] “Since my breast cancer diagnosis, I've been re-evaluating my diet and lifestyle. “I realise that I'd let my sugar addiction creep up on me. A treat is a treat, but loading up on refined sugar every day, just isn't healthy - whatever your weight. “And it's not easy to avoid - sugar is hidden in foods under so many names. Always read the ingredients list.” The former Countryfile host was diagnosed with breast cancer back in September 2021.  She candidly shared a warning to her friends and followers about some of the symptoms to look out for. Via her Instagram story, Julia posted a photograph of an article about new research from the British Journal of General Practice. They argue there is not a link between breast pain and breast cancer. However, Julia wrote: Not so. I had a painful lump. It turned out to be a big tumour.” The presenter then finished her statement with the hashtags “breastcancer” and “awareness”. 