Strictly Come Dancing star Gemma Atkinson has been inundated with support from concerned fans after revealing that her beloved dog Ollie was rushed to the vet. In her Instagram stories earlier today, the fiancée of pro dancer Gorka Marquez, 37, told how her dog had spent the night in the emergency vets and is thought to be suffering from pancreatitis after being "violently sick". In view of her 1.7 million followers, Gemma thanked her fans for their support. She wrote: "Thanks for all your messages, literally hundreds saying theri dogs and cats have had it too... "Always nice to know dogs have simply changed their diets, had extra TLC and made a full recovery. "Thank you," she added with prayer and heart emojis READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years  Gemma added: "Vet is calling this evening with update on his sonogram and if he can come home." Earlier in the day, Gemma opened up on the situation for the first time in a chat with her fans. Appearing in a crumpled white T-shirt and wearing her blonde hair in its signature bun, the Strictly star told how Ollie had been taken ill yesterday. She said: "Hi guys, I'm just updating you on something, hence why I look like this, I've not slept very well. "Ollie Bolly spent the night in the emergency vets yesterday, bless him. "He became really, really ill yesterday and my mum took him to the vet and she texted me at the radio to say they were sending him to the emergency 24-hour vets because they thought he had pancreatitis, which can be fatal in dogs if not caught," she added. Relaying Ollie's symptoms, she went on: "He was just violently sick and he wasn't himself. "He just lay there and he wasn't moving very well. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] "So he spent the night in there, but they've rang today to say he's responded really well to treatment overnight," she said. The star went on to reveal that she's planning to bring Ollie home this evening provided his scan is given the all clear. She went on: "He's been on a drip overnight and they're just going to do a sonogram, but they think he'd be able to come home tonight. "I went to see him at the vets after the radio yesterday and his tail was wagging, as he does. "But yeah, he's responded well to treatment. "But has anyone else's dog had this? And if so, what did you do?" she eagerly asked her fans before signing off. Last year, Gemma sparked concern after posting a video montage of her two dogs Ollie and Norman to Instagram, leading fans to worry that something had happened to prompt the emotional clip. The Strictly star took to social media to clarify the reason behind posting the video, simply explaining that her phone had made it for her.