EastEnders schoolboy Tommy Moon (played by Sonny Kendall) has been facing bullies at school, and Phil (Steve McFadden) has urged him to fight back. Now that the BBC soap gangster is behind bars though, the youngster is struggling. On Monday's episode, Tommy pushed his mother Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace), injuring her hand before he ran away. Could the schoolboy be following in Ben Mitchell's (Max Bowden) footsteps and become a young murderer due to Phil's influence? When Ben was younger, he went to extreme lengths to impress his dad, Phil. Deemed by Phil as "weak," he began to use violence as a way of pleasing his father. Ben went on to hospitalise other children and eventually murdered Heather Trott (Cheryl Fergison). Last week, Ben confronted Phil about what he was advising Tommy to do. "You think that now's a good time to turn Tommy into the son that I never was," Ben argued. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch He yelled: "That boy thinks he can defend himself now against anything." "Good," Phil replied, as Ben shouted that it was in fact a dangerous thing he was doing. "Tommy ain't stupid," Phil stated. "I'm just giving him a few pointers on how to handle himself." Ben pointed out: "Dad, you gave me that same lecture and do you know what happened? Jordan ended up in hospital and I ended up in the nick." On Monday's episode, Kat became concerned about her son's suspicious behaviour. He demanded money from her when she refused him, it was clear later on that he had stolen it. "You're lying and you're thieving, do you really want to go down this path?" Kat asked. She added: "We both know where it's going to go - look at Phil, he's gone away for life." Tommy's bullies overheard the conversation and the schoolboy became scared that they would be after him again now that they know Phil had been arrested. DON'T MISS... The Chase viewers 'gutted' as Anne Hegerty steals £80k solo win [LATEST]Ruth Langsford details how husband Eamonn makes her feel ‘sexy’ [VIDEO]The Apprentice star slams series over format change [EXCLUSIVE] This seemed to unleash a violent streak in Tommy though. Later, Kat attempted to confront her son about what he was up to. "You embarrassed me," he argued. "I didn't touch your stupid money, okay?" "Those boys, are they the ones that have been bullying you?" Kat asked. "They're my mates," Tommy lied. "You showed me up in front of my mates, like you've been showing me up my whole life." As she tried to stop him from leaving, Kat yelled: "I'm doing my best here, Tommy." She grabbed his arm as she continued: "Tommy, where do you think you're going?" Kat was left stunned as Tommy yelled: "Away from you" and pushed her with force. She landed against broken glass on the table, and her hand was cut. Witnessing his mum's injury, Tommy simply ran away. Could Phil's advice mean Tommy will be the next youngster to go on to kill someone? After he managed to badly hurt his mother without feeling any remorse, it's possible. It could be that Tommy ran off to confront his bullies, but will he take things too far just like Ben? Perhaps Tommy will unleash a murderous streak and go on to kill others. Could one of his classmates become Tommy's first victim? EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.