Manchester United star Anthony Elanga is the latest academy graduate to shine at the club. The Swede continued his fine form of late with a vital goal in the club’s 1-1 Champions League draw with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday, with that effort coming just days after he’d struck against Leeds. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, his old boss, always knew he was a special talent. Elanga is now United’s newest star. While he’d previously netted away at Brentford and Leeds, his goal against Atletico at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium was his biggest yet. United had been facing the prospect of heading back to Old Trafford with nothing to their name after Joao Felix struck to put the hosts ahead. Yet Elanga’s strike 10 minutes from the end was enough for United to earn a credible draw, boosting their hopes of making the quarter-finals of the competition in the process. Ralf Rangnick has, understandable so, received plenty of credit for trusting the 22-year-old. But it was Solskjaer who gave him his debut, with the winger making his first appearance for the club in their 2-1 defeat to Leicester last year. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking at the time of his maiden appearance for United, Solskjaer said: "He has trained really well and you've seen him in the Under-23s. “He's been very, very good. “Unfortunately, he's had a couple of injuries that have hampered him a little bit but he's ready. “His directness, pace and attitude, work-rate, everything, so I'm looking forward to seeing him." Elanga scored on the final day of last season as United beat Wolves at Molineux. And he sparkled in pre-season, catching the eye with some electric performances. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Back in the summer, Solskjaer admitted that United had contemplated a loan for Elanga to help enhance his development. But he then admitted that he’d look to keep the forward if he maintained his form, which he did. "It would be easy to say the boy should go on loan, but he's doing so well,” said Solskjaer. "He's electric, his pace, his skill, he's not afraid of anything and he's got the courage and the bravery of a Man United player and today he created chances for others and himself, and scored a good goal with his most difficult opportunity. "I wouldn't be surprised if he was staying here. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It depends, we know it's important for him to develop and get game-time, at the moment he's one of them we've not really decided on. "If he keeps on like he is I might want to keep him." Even with Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo signing, United kept Elanga. And they’re now seeing the 22-year-old produce consistently, becoming a Rangnick favourite in the process. Rangnick waxed lyrical over the forward after Wednesday’s match with Atletico, saying: "He is playing as though it is a dream come true, it is a joy and fun to watch him play, I wish a few other players would take him as an example and as a role model. “Football is an important sport, even more so for the supporters, and it is a ball game. “This is what I wish us to do especially in the second leg.” And Elanga himself reacted to his goal and performance by saying: "He is playing very well, he has been an important player for us, still very young and has scored important goals for us. “Massive for him and for us. "The second leg will be 50-50, both teams can win but with the fans hopefully we can play better than today. “Let's win the game and be in the next round."