Loose Women fans have criticised panellist Linda Robson for commenting on current affairs on the ITV show after she admitted she doesn't read newspapers or watch the news. The 63-year-old, who has been a regular panellist since 2012, confessed she was unaware of how serious the Ukraine conflict was until she was briefed by her team on Friday morning. Her comments left viewers wondering why she was "allowed" to air her views on the programme.  Linda was joined by fellow hosts Kaye Adams, Nadia Sawalha and Judi Love for Friday's instalment of Loose Women where they discussed the latest news about Russian President Vladimir Putin invading Ukraine. The former actress told the panel she did not read newspapers or watch the news before admitting she did not realise the extent of the crisis until she was informed in the morning meeting before going on air. Speaking to the panel, Kaye said: "It's difficult isn't it, because there's a deluge of information. "You have to filter through the information, what is reliable, what is not reliable. Do you just say, 'I can't control this, and I'm not even going to look at it?'" READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!'  Linda explained: "I mean, I don't watch the news and don't read newspapers or anything. "So I was sort of a bit oblivious to how serious it was really." She later admitted: "It was only when I got into work today and we were all talking in the meeting that I realised how serious it was. "And talking to some of our young boys who work on the show, one said he was really anxious."  Many ITV viewers took to Twitter to vent their fury over Linda's admission. @Coops61335240 fumed: "Linda Robson just said she doesn’t watch the news or read the newspapers. She gets paid to be on a talk show about current affairs." Croft Manor added: "I'd like to know how much they pay Linda Robson who can't even be bothered to listen to the news or read a paper. #LooseWomen" Craig raged: "Linda doesn't watch the news, but is on a panel that discusses global issues on a daily basis, ignorant woman! #LooseWomen" DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter health: Star, 75, 'paranoid' about health [LATEST]Denise Welch calls out Piers Morgan over Meghan Markle 'ghosting' [DEBATE]Denise van Outen's ex shares cryptic post about 'ego in relationships' [INTERVIEW] @Liz said: "Linda doesn’t watch the news or read the papers, why is she allowed on this type of show then?" However, other viewers defended Linda's comments as they thought Loose Women was not a news programme. @Chadderbox2018 said: "A talk show about current affairs is a bit of a stretch..." Pie Syrett said he did not think research about current affairs was "all that necessary" for the Loose Women panel.  The comments from ITV viewers come in the wake of Russia's President declaring war on Ukraine. It's been widely reported that Russian troops are closing in on Kyiv as civilians are being handed weapons. Ukraine has said at least 137 people have died after Russia launched a full-scale invasion on Thursday. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm. 