The female presenters of ITV’s flagship shows will come together to mark International Women’s Day this year. This Morning’s Holly Willoughby, Good Morning Britain’s Kate Garraway and Loose Women’s Ruth Langsford are just some of the hosts involved in a photoshoot to celebrate the occasion. The image released by ITV shows the leading ladies together wearing outfits in an array of different shades of red, pink and orange. Loose Women’s Sophie Morgan, Lorraine Kelly, Holly, Susanna Reid and Charlene White are sat together in the front row. Kate, Alison Hammond, Rochelle Humes, Charlotte Hawkins and Ruth sit behind them. Josie Gibson and Laura Tobin were joined by Loose Women panellists Coleen Nolan, Nadia Sawalha, Denise Welch and Linda Robson in the next row above. Read more: Loose Women's Linda Robson sparks uproar over Ukraine admission Janet Street-Porter, Gloria Hunniford, Kelle Bryan, Katie Piper, Christine Lampard and GMB’s Ranvir Singh were also present. Jane Moore, Frankie Bridge, Brenda Edwards, Penny Lancaster and Kaye Adams complete the line-up. The stunning image is paired with a television promo featuring behind the scenes clips from the photoshoot. In the video, the female presenters take turns explaining why they're taking part in the celebration. They said: “It’s so important that we celebrate International Women’s Day. “It’s about women sharing their points of view and bringing together those stories that unify us “We’re feisty, we’re opinionated, funny, we’re a whole range of ages “And when we come together like this it’s a moment for reflection of what we’ve all achieved individually but also as a team.” DON'TMISS'Never had contract withdrawn' Richard Madeley hits back at GMB uproar [INTERVIEW]Holly Willoughby breaks silence on Gwyneth Paltrow comparisons [INSIGHT]James Martin hits out at Saturday Morning guest 'What the hell!' [VIDEO] “Come together for International Women’s Day on ITV,” Lorraine concluded. The presenters were photography by Amy Brammall earlier this month ahead of International Women’s Day on March 8. Emma Gormley, Managing Director of ITV Daytime said: “I’m beyond proud to work alongside this amazing group of women, who both individually and collectively have accrued an incredible array of broadcasting achievements. “Their experience and expertise in front of camera is second to none and this year's International Women’s day is the perfect opportunity to celebrate them all." The photography was shared on Loose Women and This Morning’s official Instagram pages. The caption read: “After almost two years apart, the female hosts of Daytime are coming together to celebrate International Women's Day! “Watch the special video, filmed earlier this month, on the This Morning app now.” Eagled-eyed fans spotted Loose Women’s Stacey Solomon, Judi Love and Carol McGiffin were missing from the picture. A representative told The Sun Stacey was on “maternity leave when the shoot took place”. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am, it’s followed by Lorraine at 9am, This Morning at 10am and Loose Women at 12.30pm.