Annabelle ended up being the final player standing and went on to bring £80,000 to the final chase with her. Impressed, The Chase host Bradley Walsh praised her performance as she took on Anne "The Governess" Hegerty in the Final Chase. Scoring 20 points by herself, host Bradley believed she had a chance of winning, but when Anne narrowly defeated her she admitted she had made an important guess for one question. Annabelle's teammates were all caught by Anne in their first rounds, leaving the contestant to tackle the rest of the game alone. "And then there was one," Bradley commented as the third player left. "Can you put some there and win the final?" He asked before the show cut to a break. Luckily, Annabelle wasn't put off by her teammates' performances. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch She went on to secure 20 correct answers in the final against Anne. When it came to the Chaser's turn, she beat Anne by one point with seconds to spare. "That was extraordinary," Bradley stated. "The most fantastic match I've taken part in in a long, long while. Well played." He added: "I hope you've enjoyed your day. I'm really disappointed, I really thought the money was ours, I honestly did. "Sadly Annabelle, I've got to take away the £80,000 and finally tell you that you have been caught and for you, the chase is over." Referring to one of the questions she'd faced in the final, Anne admitted: "I am very grateful that I guessed randomly that Munich was the correct city. "But that probably would have been the difference [between winning and losing]." "It would have been the turning point indeed," Bradley agreed. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford details how husband Eamonn makes her feel ‘sexy’ [VIDEO]The Apprentice star slams series over format change [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? [LATEST] Viewers at home were quick to express their disappointment for Annabelle. Twitter user Kop204 wrote: "The single player performance I've ever seen on #TheChase 20 on her own." Philip Aston commented: "Gutted for Annabelle. Great solo effort against @anne_hegerty. #TheChase." "Unlucky Annabelle, so close  #TheChase," Marylin penned. Sarah Milton joked: "Sorry Annabelle, you lost the money, but do you want a job!?#TheChase." Sharon added: "Amazing performance Annabelle! Really wanted you to win #TheChase." Bradley continued: "£80,000, single player. Extraordinary performance from Annabelle. "And a more extraordinary performance from Anne, under the pressure of giving away £80,000." The Chase airs on weekdays at 5pm on ITV.