Earlier this month, the ice cream company was ridiculed for telling Joe Biden to refrain from sending troops to Ukraine claiming it will "only fan the flame of war". In a tweet posted by the company on February 4, they wrote: "You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war. "We call on President Biden to de-escalate tensions and work for peace rather than prepare for war. "Sending thousands more US troops to Europe in response to Russia’s threats against Ukraine only fans the flame of war." Many people were shocked by the ice cream giant's unsolicited advice on US foreign policy. One user commented: "Nobody elected them to make anything more than expensive ice cream."  On Monday night, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his military into Russian-controlled areas of Donetsk and Luhansk for "peacekeeping duties". The recent developments have prompted a former national security adviser to question what Ben & Jerry's now think of the situation. Eto Buziashvili, a former adviser to the National Security Council in Georgia, tweeted: "I’m wondering what does ice-cream company @benandjerrys think about Russia’s recognition of occupied Donetsk and Luhansk." The ice cream giants are yet to respond to the mocking tweet but others were quick to jump in and poke fun at their earlier remarks. READ MORE: Putin's financial meltdown BEGINS: Russia faces economic ruin Mariia CH commented: "No please let’s not ask them lol why do ice cream companies think they are foreign policy experts all of a sudden…." It comes after their earlier tweet, this month, urging the US to stop sending troops to Europe which caused a social media storm. The Chief Executive of Ben & Jerry's parent company, Unilever, criticised the ice cream maker's controversial tweet, saying they should stay away from issues where they don't have "expertise or credibility". DON'T MISS: China lashes out at Russia sanctions amid Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT]How will rising oil prices affect you? Petrol prices reach new highs [COMMENT]Diplomacy off as Macron's peace CANCELLED [ANALYSIS] When Unilever boss Alan Jope was asked about his opinions of the tweet in a press conference, he said: "It is a great brand, most of the time they get it right. “They have a great track record campaigning on important issues. But [on] subjects where Unilever brands don’t have expertise or credibility it is best to stay out of the debate.” Ben & Jerry's have consistently campaigned for change on a range of humanitarian and environmental issues. The company says they use their position to "influence change" in the world. Climate change, refugee rights and LGBTQ+ rights are just some of the social issues they have publicly supported over the years. 