Robert Lewandowski says the right decision has been made by the Polish Football Association after they refused to play Russia in next month's World Cup play-off. The Polish FA have decided they will not play the match following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. And Lewandowski has backed the decision on social media. Russia and Poland were set to go head-to-head at the Dinamo Lev Yashin Stadium in Moscow on March 24. The winners of that match were due to play either Sweden or the Czech Republic for a place at the World Cup in Qatar later this year. However, a statement released on Saturday morning said that Poland will refuse to carry out the game. And the country's superstar player Lewandowski has tweeted his support of the announcement.  The Bayern Munich star wrote: "It is the right decision! I can’t imagine playing a match with the Russian National Team in a situation when armed aggression in Ukraine continues. "Russian footballers and fans are not responsible for this, but we can’t pretend that nothing is happening." Lewandowski quote tweeted a tweet from the president of the Polish FA, Cezary Kulesza, who made the announcement. Kulesza wrote: "No more words, time to act! Due to the escalation of the aggression of the Russian Federation towards Ukraine, the Polish national team does not intend to play the play-off match against the republic of Poland. Russia.  "This is the only right decision. We are in talks with the Swedish and Czech federations to present a common position to FIFA." Russia invaded Ukraine earlier this week and the BBC claims 198 civilians have been killed so far. Poland defender Kamil Glik has also tweeted his support of the decision not to play Russia. And he confirmed his international team-mate Tomasz Kedziora, who plays for Dynamo Kiev, is still in the Ukrainian capital.  Glik's message read: "We, the players of the Polish national team, together with the Polish Football Association, decided that as a result of Russia's aggression against Ukraine, we do not intend to play in the play-off match against Russia. "It is not an easy decision, but there are more important things in life than football. "Our thoughts are with the Ukrainian nation and our friend from the national team, Tomasz Kedziora, who is still in Kiev with his family. #SolidarnizUkraina #NoWarPlease." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 