Homes Under The Hammer star Martin Roberts has shared more advice on his YouTube channel, Martin Roberts' Property Titbits. Martin named some ways to add £10,000 to the value of a property. The property expert said it’s “really easy” to add value to a home. Martin said: “You've got to make sure that when that person walks through the door in the 45 seconds that it takes for them to make a decision, they are going to fall in love with your house. “Use all the tricks in the book from the smells of fresh bread to coffee.” Martin said to try and look at your property with “fresh eyes”. Look out for weeds in the pathway, signs of mould and unpleasant smells.  READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid He also said to do “whatever it takes”, whether that’s adding a lick of paint or using air fresheners. Martin said a lot of houses have no parking but a small front garden that could quite conceivably be turned into a very useful parking space. However, dropping a curb is not as simple as doing it yourself. Martin explained: “In order to get there, you've got to get across the curb.  DON'T MISSCleaning: Britons are urged to ‘pay attention’ to their mattress [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game changer’ hack to make oven racks ‘sparkle’ [ANALYSIS] “Now, you could just bounce up and down every time but that isn't really a professional-looking job so you want to be talking about dropping the curb. “Now, you can't just go ahead and do that. “This is something that requires planning permission and it requires a contractor who is recognised by the council. “They will come along and they will mess around with the pavement and they will put in a dropped curb for you as long. “As long as you do get that planning permission - it's going to cost you £2,000 or so - but it will add a significant amount of money to your property so definitely something that's worth considering.” The housing expert said kitchens and bathrooms “add value to a property” unless homeowners do something “bonkers” like adding “utterly overly expensive and unsuitable” fixtures for the property. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He added: “You will generally always get back more than it costs you to put a kitchen in.” When it comes to renovating a kitchen, Martin said it doesn’t need to be a granite-filled, perfectly modelled kitchen. He said a “good quality, ready-made kitchen” designed by the likes of one of the big kitchen companies is fine. Martin suggested companies such as IKEA, Magnet, Howdens, Wickes and Wren. He also said to make sure that electrics are suitable for the kitchen. Martin said homeowners can do a lot without spending a lot of money on the units and flooring. Martin suggested homeowners should “do what they can” to update a bathroom. He said: “When people walk into your property and they see a bathroom that's old-fashioned and dated it is going to give them completely the wrong idea for the house. “So spend some time and money doing the bathroom up, making sure that you stick with what most people would want which is white units, white and sanitary wear and a nice shower in a nice p-shaped bath so they've got the options of a bath and a shower.  “You might also consider installing a second bathroom. “Most households these days would say that's a very useful thing to have.” The property expert said homeowners will get the money back they spend on a bathroom. Changing up the layout of a property is a “simple” way to reutilise space. It could be that you have space on the landing or an oversized room that needs moving around. Homeowners can add more living space or perhaps even another bedroom. Martin said: “Doing that kind of work is not going to be that complicated. “It might involve stud partitions which you may have to get in builders to help you with. “But just jiggling the existing layout that you've got rather than just chucking the towel in and starting again is something you need to consider.”