Attendance Allowance provides up to £4,659.20 per year but 58 percent of new claims are estimated to be rejected. Charities such as Age UK noted this is usually down to pitfalls in filling out the application form as claimants understate, misunderstand and forget to detail their conditions.  Attendance Allowance aims to help Britons over the state pension age with the costs of having a severe disability. Britons could receive the lower rate of £60 or the higher rate of £89.60 per week to pay for their personal support dependant on the type of care or supervision they require. The benefit does not take into account whether one actually has a carer or attendant nor their earnings or savings. Additionally, successfully claiming Attendance Allowance could see Britons getting extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction.   However, due to the nature of this benefit, it largely relies on claimants being straightforward, clear and detailed when filling in the 52 questions on the claim form. Carers’ Resource broke down what each question truly looks for and what claimants should highlight to give them the best possible chance of succeeding in getting the financial support they are entitled to. They noted that questions one through 11 require claimants to have their personal information on hand to run smoothly such as their telephone number although this is not compulsory to provide. Question 12 only applies to claimants who have a terminal diagnosis with six months or less to live, in which case their medical professional will also attach a DS1500 form and their application will be fast-tracked.     People who are assisting the claimant to fill out their form and know they cannot sign it themselves will need to complete question 13. Question 14 to 17 requires claimants to list their illnesses, disabilities, health professionals and carers who can be contacted. Carers’ Resource noted claimants can send in their prescription list instead of writing it out although they should ensure their name and NI number is on top of the list. Question 18 needs to be signed by the claimant to give the people involved in their care permission to provide extra information as necessary. The following question asks about medical reports claimants have, of which a copy is recommended to be sent with their claim in order to add weight and evidence to their claim. Questions 20 to 25 concern surgeries and medical tests the patient has undergone as well as any aids or adaptations, where claimants are encouraged to note if these have assisted them or if they still struggle. Claimants do not need to provide exact dates for question 26, although it needs to be at least six months prior to their application as this is one of the eligibility criteria for Attendance Allowance. The following 12 questions all concern difficulties the claimant faces during the day, with Carers’ Resource advising they fill this out in “as much detail as you can, even if you find it embarrassing”, noting claimants can include the cause of the problem, what the problem or difficulty is and how they cope currently. Questions 40 to 43 are similar to these prior ones except it should highlight the assistance the claimant requires at night, after they have gone to bed until the morning with occurrences that happen at least four times a week.  Question 44 simply provides extra writing space for those that need it, with 45 and 46 concerning details of any hospital or care home stays. Question 47 only concerns those who are receiving Constant Attendance Allowance as it could affect their entitlement. The final few questions include one's bank or building society details, an optional statement from someone who knows the claimant and more extra space. Question 51 is where the claimant's signature is required and not signing this single question will see one's claim immediately returned to them and delay their claim. Additionally, question 52 concerns any documents that are being enclosed with the form, which claimants are again advised to ensure has their name and NI number on the top of each document.