The Russian President has reportedly begun his attack on Ukraine as worrying reports claim landing operations of the Black Sea Fleet have kicked off in the Sea of Azov. The Embassy of Ukraine to the UK issued a stark update on social media, announcing the beginning of the invasion.   They tweeted: “It was 5 o'clock in the morning Kiev time Putin started an unprovoked war against Ukraine, a war against Europe, a war against the whole world.” He wrote on Twitter: “Putin has just launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. “Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes. This is a war of aggression. Ukraine will defend itself and will win. The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now.”  READ MORE: NATO's secretary general condemns Russia's attack on Ukraine Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted: "I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps. President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. The UK and our allies will respond decisively." UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has also condemned the “appalling” move. She wrote: “I strongly condemn the appalling, unprovoked attack President Putin has launched on the people of Ukraine. “We stand with Ukraine and we will work with our international partners to respond to this terrible act of aggression.” Britain's ambassador to Ukraine urged UK nationals to leave the country immediately. Melinda Simmons wrote on Twitter: "We advise GB nationals to leave Ukraine immediately if you judge that it is safe to do so from your location. Please call +380 44 490 3660 if you need assistance." Meanwhile, reports from Ukraine state Boryspil airport has “fallen” as earlier it was claimed a series of attacks took place on the airport.  DON'T MISSPutin launches ‘unprovoked and unjustified attack’, says Biden [REVEAL]Multiple explosions resound across Kiev - War imminent [UPDATE]Putin announces ‘special military operation’ [INSIGHT] Ukraine said on Thursday that Russia was moving military equipment into the country from annexed Crimea and that Russia was shelling it across the country all the way to western Ukraine's Lviv region. The country was facing non-stop cyber attacks, one official said. Another said that one person had been killed and another injured by shelling in Kyiv region. Kiev said that at least seven people have been killed and nine wounded as a result of Russian shelling. Mr Putin says his aim is to demilitarise and 'denazify' Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has decreed martial law with the country's parliament approving the measure. Russian troops attacked Ukraine from Belarus as well as Russia with Belarusian support at around 5am local time on Thursday. An attack was also being launched from annexed Crimea, Ukraine's border guard service said. Gunfire has been heard near the Ukrainian capital Kiev. US President Joe Biden condemned the unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military in a call with Mr Zelensky.     Russian forces fired missiles at several cities in Ukraine and landed troops on its coast on Thursday, officials and media said, after Mr Putin authorised what he called a special military operation in the east. Mr Putin said: "I have decided to conduct a special military operation... to protect people who have been subjected to bullying and genocide... for the last eight years. "And for this we will strive for the demilitarisation and denazification of Ukraine. And to bring to court those who committed numerous bloody crimes against civilians, including against citizens of the Russian Federation."  Shortly after Putin spoke in a televised address on Russian state TV, explosions could be heard in the pre-dawn quiet of the Ukrainian capital. Former foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt said the events in Ukraine are a "threat" to "all democracies". He tweeted: "Truly a dark hour as we think about our friends in Ukraine. "The threat is not just to a young democracy but (to) all democracies as we believe in a simple principle for which many lives have been shed: no country has the right to walk into its neighbour. This cannot be allowed to pay".   Russia's defence ministry said it is using precision weapons to bomb military infrastructure but is not targeting cities. Queues of cars have been pictured as people attempt to flee Kiev. Ukraine's president urged ctizens not to panic and that Ukraine will emerge victorious. Foreign Office minister James Cleverly accused Mr Putin of trying to play out a "fantasy" of "recreating some kind of tzarist expansionist Russia". He told Sky News: "Sadly, President Putin has been really clear in what he's trying to achieve. He is trying to recreate a Russian Empire in his mind, claim back places which he defines as Russia. But the international community recognises that these are individual sovereign states. "Ukraine is not part of Russia and the fantasy that Vladimir Putin is trying to play out in recreating some kind of czarist expansionist Russia absolutely has to be stopped. "We will continue working. We've been providing financial and military support to Ukraine for a number of years. "Just yesterday, the Foreign Secretary announced an economic support package. There will, of course, be more support and we will be bringing forward, as I say, in close concert with our international friends and allies, an unprecedented sanctions response, co-ordinated sanctions response, to punish this appalling decision."  He added that the West will impose unprecedented sanctions on Russia after Mr Putin authorised an invasion. China repeated on Thursday a call for all parties involved in the situation to exercise restraint, but rejected a foreign journalist's description of Russia's actions as an invasion. The comments were made by foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying at a regular daily briefing. Oil prices have soared to levels not seen in eight years with trading suspended on the Moscow Stock Exchange and the rouble plummeting to a record low against the dollar. The price of Brent crude oil had jumped by 5.6 percent by a little after 7am GMT to $102.30 per barrel, hitting its highest point since 2014. Around the same time the rouble tanked. The US dollar gained more than 10 percent against the Russian currency at one point.   Mr Johnson is chairing a COBRA meeting with reports that Britain will announce further sanctions against Russia later on Thursday. Mr Biden will meet with G7 counterparts on Thursday to map out more severe measures against Moscow. European Union leaders will discuss a further sanctions package at an emergency meeting later on Thursday. Nato ambassadors are also due to hold an emergency meeting today. 