The band's frontman Roger Daltrey, who co-founded the gigs and has been a driving force ever since, said: "It has been particularly frustrating for me that we haven't been able to get artists on stage to raise money for this vitally important cause. "But we haven't given up. My wonderful team and I have pulled out all the stops to make this 20th series of shows the best ever. "After the last two unbelievably difficult years, young people with cancer deserve everything we can do for them." Also headlining the music and comedy concerts, due to take place next month at London's Royal Albert Hall, are Ed Sheeran, Madness, Liam Gallagher, Yungblud and Don Broco. The comedy section, hosted by Joel Dommett, will feature Rob Beckett, Romesh Ranganathan and Seann Walsh. Roger, 77, said: "TheWho will be back on stage this year at the hall alongside some wonderful talent. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "I am so grateful for the loyalty and continued support given to us by the music and comedy industries." The 2020 show should have marked the 20th anniversary of Teenage Cancer Trust At The Royal Albert Hall. But the event was cancelled due to the nationwide lockdown, with the 2021 series also being axed because of the pandemic. Katie Collins, chief executive of the Teenage Cancer Trust, said: "We are so grateful to Roger and all the acts coming together to help us ensure that young people don't have to face cancer alone. "The past two years have been so tough for young people with cancer and their families. "As well as being amazing gigs, these vital fundraising shows going ahead will make the world of difference. "Without the money raised at events like this - and people like Roger giving up their time to help others - our work would not happen and young people with cancer would go through treatment without the vital specialist care and support we provide." Previous concerts have seen performances by Sir Paul McCartney, Oasis, Kasabian,The Cure, Def Leppard, Russell Brand and Jason Manford. Teenage Cancer Trust At The Royal Albert Hall is taking place from March 21 to 27. Tickets will go on sale on Friday at 9am. See www.teenagecancertrust.org for more information.