He also announced "further consequences" for Russia. In a statement President Biden said: "The prayers of the entire world are with the people of Ukraine tonight as they suffer an unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces. "President Putin has chosen a premeditated war that will bring a catastrophic loss of life and human suffering." He added that the "world would hold Russia accountable". He said the G7 would meet tomorrow and that "further consequences" against Russia would be announced. His statement continued: "Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction this attack will bring, and the United States and its Allies and partners will respond in a united and decisive way. "Tomorrow I will meet with my G7 counterparts in the morning and then speak to the American people to announce the further consequences the United States and our Allies and partners will impose on Russia for this needless act of aggression against Ukraine and global peace and security. "We will also coordinate with our NATO Allies to ensure a strong, united response that deters any aggression against the Alliance." NATO's Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg released a statement condemning Russia's invasion of Ukraine. He said: "I strongly condemn Russia's relentless and unprovoked attack on Ukraine, which puts at risk countless civilian lives. "Once again, despite our repeated warnings and tireless efforts to engage in diplomacy, Russia has chosen the path of aggression against a sovereign and independent country. "This is a grave breach of international law, and a serious threat to Euro-Atlantic security. "I call on Russia to cease its military action immediately and respect Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said he had spoken to Biden and that they are "preparing international support". Zelenskiy urged the people of Ukraine to "stay calm" and "stay in their homes", according to Sky News. He has reportedly introduced martial law in Ukraine. 