 Channel 5's Celebrity 5 Go Camping continued on Tuesday afternoon following the adventures of Michelle Collins, Bobby Davro, Joe Swash, Cheryl Baker, and Stephen Bailey. The group of famous faces explored the Jurassic Coast in Dorset and Joe and Bobby decided to try out a water sport. However, things soon went awry when their kayak capsized.    Bobby and Joe decided to get a closer look at Lulworth landmark Durdle Door by kayaking around the natural limestone arch. Meanwhile, Michelle and Stephen watched on and enjoyed the view from the top of the cliff. Looking down towards the sea, Michelle spotted Joe and Bobby on their kayak. She exclaimed: “There’s crazy people swimming in the sea. Oh there’s crazy people kayaking!” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist?  “Is that our crazy people?” Stephen asked, with Michelle replying: “Yeah, it’s them.” Keen to get the attention of his kayaking co-stars, Stephen questioned: “Do you think they’ll see us?” Together Stephen and Michelle shouted out to Joe and Bobby, but seemed to distract them from their water sport. Down on the water, Joe and Bobby looked around as they heard their co-stars calling out.   “Did someone call my name? Hang on, hang on. I’m in a bit of a…” Bobby said before his kayak capsized. Bobby was quickly helped out of the sea, with an expert telling him: “Once you’re on your hands and knees you’ve got to swivel round on your bum.” However as he was pulled back onto the kayak Bobby appeared to place the blame on Joe. “That was your fault!” Bobby bellowed at his co-star. DON'T MISS...This is Going to Hurt star shares why Ben Whishaw apologised to her [MUST SEE]Taskmaster star Sarah Kendall recalls ‘standout cringe moment’ [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders twist as Max Branning returns to take down Gray? [THEORY]  Shortly afterwards Joe and Bobby were toppled into the water once more and eventually decided to head back to the shore. As they reached dry land Bobby blamed Joe once again for their kayaking accident. “Get me out of this. This lunatic is going to kill me,” he laughed. However, Joe insisted that he was getting along well with all of his celebrity campmates.    He enthused: “We are like some sort of weird family. You’ve got your kind of inappropriate dad in Bobby. “Then like a really, really funny mum in Cheryl. Then you’ve got your mad auntie in Michelle. “Then me and Stephen are like the kids. I’m really enjoying the company, the lovely people. “We’re having such a laugh together,” Joe added. Celebrity 5 Go Camping airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 5.  