Comedian John Edward Szeles has died at the age of 63 following a battle with heart diesease, according to reports. His death was announced on Wednesday morning by fellow standup comic Penny Wiggins, 60, on Facebook. Penny shared the news on the social media platform as the comic admitted she is "heartbroken". She wrote: “Johnathan Szeles (Amazing Johnathan ) has passed away at around 11:30 pm 2/22/22. “My heart is broken. One of my best friends, one of the funniest humans I’ve ever met. I loved him so very much and will never forget this wonderful, amazing, kind, funny, great person.” Szeles gained mainstream fame in Las Vegas as a headliner for Criss Angel’s mid-2000s reality TV show Mindfreak. READ MORE: Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell On Monday, a day before his death, John's wife Anastasia Synn took to Facebook to say that she was "losing" him as he was "completely unresponsive." She wrote: "I am losing my honey beeps. I'm so sad and feel like this is carving a hole in my chest. He is COMPLETELY unresponsive. He is end-stage. Please give us peace at this time. Texting him or trying to call him needs to stop now please. "His decline was fast, but it also wasn't. He is so strong. He has beaten the odds for so long. I know you all love him so much and everyone wants to say goodbye. "It won't be possible For most of you after all, but please know his family, Penny & Joel have had their moments and he is snuggled and loved by his girl constantly."  She continued: "This has destroyed me and thankfully I'm medicated with amazing support from home hospice nurses and appreciate the help offers, but need peace with him. Snuggles. "The last week has been an absolute nightmare. I don't think we thought this day would ever come because he is so strong and has beaten it so many times. "Thank you for all the well wishes, but as the news spreads it's getting overwhelming and I'm going to to have to take a step back. I love you and thank you for your support." John gained mainstream fame in Las Vegas as a headliner for Criss Angel’s mid-2000s reality TV show Mindfreak. DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles[LATEST]Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death[COLUMN]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell[TWITTER] In March 2007, John was diagnosed as diagnosed with “a serious heart condition,” the Las Vegas Journal review reported at the time. “I was told I have a year to live,” he announced during a public appearance in 2014. On the comic's official website, he detailed his diagnosis as cardiomyopathy - which is any disorder that can affect the heart muscle. He announced that thanks to a combination of weight loss and blood thinners, his health was improving. John started his career performing in the streets of San Francisco then went on to star in The 8th Annual Young Comedians Show in 1983. He has made several appearances on Late Night with David Letterman, a record 24 appearances on Fox's Comic Strip Live. In 2011, the funnyman was performing regular shows in Las Vegas at the Harmon Theater. He is also the longest-running, most successful solo comic magician in US history.