An era of hard-won peace and stability which began with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and break-up of the Soviet Union in 1990 has come to a shattering end. The Russian atrocity in invading a sovereign democratic state with no other motive than that of an imperialist land grab and subjugation of a free people marks the emergence of a dark period in history. The welcome united response from the international community mirrored by the political unity across parties in the House of Commons shows the collective disgust with Vladimir Putin's despotic regime. That said, the flaccid response and statement by US President Joe Biden was disappointing. His weakness last year resulted in the Afghan debacle and at this time we need firm and dynamic leadership. He needs to up his game significantly. As with Caesar crossing the Rubicon in ancient Rome, the Russian military crossing of the Dnieper river on the border between Russia and Ukraine is a moment of no return.There can be no more toleration of the authoritarian rule from Moscow. Russia must now be considered a pariah state and the new wave of sanctions, tougher than any announced before, is a good first step. Its economy must be crushed and the military starved of cash. Allies of Putin's must also be brought to book and feel the economic pain, especially those hiding in London. There must be an end to any reliance on Russian coal and gas, even if that means we must step back from some of our Net Zero commitments for now to produce more of our own. Energy security is paramount in these uncertain times. Finally, there must be a review of our military investment. The belief that Europe is now stable and unlikely to face a war again has proven to be wrong. While some are describing Putin as "a Fascist" we need to remember that this was a man who cut his teeth heading the KGB in the Soviet Union's Communist regime. The horrors of those extremes on the Left and Right lead to similar grim outcomes. Russia is a mafia state run by a regime of oligarchs led by an assassin in a suit.We must be clear that the Russian people, oppressed by this evil man, are also victims. Russian mothers as well as Ukrainian ones will lose children in the coming days for a war that only one man wanted. We should salute anti-war protesters who gathered in Moscow in defiance of this conflict.At this time of crisis there can be no compromise.The world must face this dictator down and Britain must play its part with our allies in achieving that.