Last week the final episode of the DC Comics show Peacemaker hit HBO Max. The story was a direct sequel from the recently released movie The Suicide Squad, and - oddly enough - featured a cameo from the entire Justice League in its last scenes. After John Cena's antihero saved the world from certain death, he looked across a field to see none other than the four biggest heroes in the DC universe. Peacemaker was stood facing Wonder Woman, Aquaman, The Flash, and Superman. While all of the characters were silhouetted - so you couldn't see who was playing them - they all looked like their distinctive actors. Wonder Woman, Aquaman and The Flash all certainly had the same proportions to their on-screen actors, Gal Gadot, Jason Momoa and Ezra Miller. But most interesting was the appearance of Superman. He still looked exactly like Cavill. Reports hit last year that Cavill had been quietly axed from the role of Clark Kent. But this was never confirmed by DC Comics or Warner Bros, so hope is not yet lost for Cavill's return. With that said, he is not involved in any upcoming DC Comics movies as Superman, so his time in the cape could be over. However, does the Cavill-like silhouette mean he is making a comeback in the near future? Cavill certainly hopes so. READ MORE: The Batman: Robert Pattinson had 'panic-attack' while filming In November of last year, Cavill spoke out about the possibility of his return as the Man of Steel. He could not confirm or deny anything, but he was keen to point out how excited he would be to rejoin the family. He said: "There is still a lot of storytelling for me to do as a Superman, and I would absolutely love the opportunity. There’s an opportunity for growth after that, to explore the psyche of Superman as a deep, seemingly invulnerable god-like being but with real feeling on the inside." He added: "As I always say, the cape is still in the closet." (Via The Hollywood Reporter) With that said, he would not be mad if they moved on without him. DON'T MISS...The Batman: Robert Pattinson had 'panic-attack' while filming [INFO]The Batman has a new connection to Superman - multiverse imminent? [INSIGHT]Robert Pattison ‘ripped his clothes off’ before iconic scene [INTERVIEW] Cavill explained how he would welcome another iteration of Superman. This, he revealed, could be anything from a new actor of colour to a completely different story entirely. He explained: "It’s exciting – Superman’s far more than skin colour. Superman is an ideal. Superman’s an extraordinary thing that lives within our hearts. Why not have multiple Supermen going on?" He went on to reference the 2018 movie Joker: "Joaquin Phoenix did a wonderful Joker movie; so what if it’s not tied to the rest of [the franchise]? They have multiple Superman comic book storylines happening at the same time." Currently, there are no announced projects involving another Superman. However, The Flash movie is right around the corner. This film is due to reintroduce some classic characters, including Michael Keaton's previous version of Batman. Could there be space for Cavill to make a triumphant return as well? Peacemaker is available on HBO Max now.