Emma Raducanu has been handed a challenging path to victory in the Abierto Zapopan in Guadalajara, Mexico, later this month. The US Open champion could have to defeat the fourth, sixth and second or third seeds if she is to lift her second title on the WTA Tour. Raducanu has suffered disappointment since her magical triumph in New York at the US Open in September, winning just three games in total. The 19-year-old's latest setback came as she was dumped out of the Australian Open second round by unseeded Montenegran Danka Kovinic after struggling with hand blisters throughout the match. She defeated American Sloane Stephens in the first round and might cross paths with her again in the Abierto Zapopan, starting next week. Raducanu has been drawn in the top half of the WTA 250 challenger and will face world number 426 Daria Saville in the first round. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu jets off 'on adventure' with tennis return days away If she gets past that test, a clash with world number 142 Lin Zhu or a qualifier awaits in round two. Raducanu and Stephens could have a rematch in the quarter-finals, should the sixth seed navigate past a qualifier in round one and potentially world number 118 Chloe Paquet afterwards. And it will only get tougher from there for Raducanu, with fourth seed Camila Osorio and eighth seed Zheng Qinwin projected to battle in the other top-half quarter-final. Second seed Madison Keys and third-seeded defending champion Sara Sorribes Tormo could make up the bottom-half semi-final, meaning the WTA Tour debutant would have to defeat one or the other in the final. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu lifts four times her weight in gruelling training regime Despite Raducanu's struggles since her US Open win, she has risen to world number 12 in recent months. She has suggested she will focus on building up her strength rather than playing matches after crashing out early in Sydney and Melbourne. But in his Daily Mail column last month, six-time Grand Slam champion Boris Becker urged Raducanu to enter more tournaments to become a better player, not fewer. He wrote: "I remain a big fan of Emma Raducanu and am still convinced that, in the long run, she has everything it takes to be a multiple winner of majors and a genuine superstar. "This slightly worries me because what she needs — both to improve herself physically and to become a better player — is to play more tournaments, not fewer. "Forget the Grand Slams and what happened last year for a while; what she needs is to build up a bulk of experience and realise there is no substitute for playing matches. "These are what will make her tennis-fit and give her the know how to compete at her best at the majors."