The retirement plans of Britons may need to be changed as a pension age increase could impact when people can access their savings. The Normal Minimum Pension Age is set to rise in the coming years. The Normal Minimum Pension Age (NMPA) is the first point at which most Britons can access their private retirement fund. It is important to be aware of, as people who breach the age and draw money early could face a penalty. The NMPA is currently 55. Those who draw money before reaching the NMPA may be hit with an unauthorised payment charge. READ MORE: Dragons' Den candidate told ‘business would never succeed’ now praised by Steven Bartlett Changes to the NMPA are set to be introduced in the future which mean people have to wait another two years before accessing their savings. The NMPA will rise to 57 on April 6, 2028. This increase will come into effect at the same time as the next state pension age change is implemented - which takes place between 2026 and 2028. The state pension age restricts when Britons are able to start receiving their state pension entitlement. DON'T MISSNew warning on Sunak’s ‘horror’ 55% pension tax - even MORE will get caught from April [WARNING]‘Few financial solutions’ for savers: Six ways to keep savings alive during cost of living [INSIGHT]Hundreds of thousands to see PIP replaced by Adult Disability Payment - are you affected? [ALERT] It is currently set at 66, but will increase to 67 by 2028. Another state pension age increase is scheduled to kick in by 2046, taking it to 68. Increases to the NMPA and the state pension age are intended to fall in line with increases in life expectancy. The NMPA has been in place for over 15 years, having first been introduced in 2006. It was originally set at age 50. The last increase to the NMPA came in 2010, when it was upped to the current threshold of 55. It was then announced in 2014 that the NMPA would rise again to 57. Many people are not in a position to access their pension savings early in any case, with Britons often not being able to afford an early retirement. But for those who had planned to stop working before reaching state pension age, the changes could throw a spanner in the works. People who turn 55 before 2028 would manage to avoid the changes and still access their retirement pot at an earlier age. Some people could be shielded from the changes depending on their profession. Members of the police force, firefighters and the armed services will not be impacted by the changes, as their pension ages are protected.