Olga Malchevska confirmed during a live BBC broadcast that footage of a destroyed block of flat in Ukraine, hit by heavy Russian fire, was in fact her own family home. The apartment block is believed to have been struck in the early hours of Friday morning amid fierce fighting around Ukraine's capital Kyiv. Ms Malchevska told BBC News: "I just got a message from my mum, finally. "I couldn't I couldn't reach her...she's been taking shelter she's hiding in the basement. "Luckily she was not in our building, which was bombed at night. "When we agreed to yesterday about coming to the studio in the morning I could not imagine that actually at 3 am London time I would find out that actually my home was bombed." She added: "Those pictures, that footage that everybody saw is literally my home and people were vacated into the school where I started, thank god my family is safe. "We are seeing a brigade coming to help, we are seeing the streets of Kyiv, this actual building is my home. "I was living on the sixth floor. "I just can't link in my head that what I am seeing is actually somewhere where I used to live." Fearing a Russian attack, many of the capital's residents took shelter deep underground in metro stations on Thursday evening. In the early hours of Friday morning, several explosions were heard in different parts of the city and air raid sirens also went off. Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko confirmed that at least three people were injured when a rocket hit a multi-storey apartment building, starting a fire. Britain's defence intelligence chief said on Friday that Russian forces were continuing to advance towards the Ukrainian capital as the Kremlin looks to topple Ukraine's government. DON'T MISS Putin humiliates EU as bloc forced to buy MORE Russian gas [INSIGHT]Liz Truss boots out Moscow envoy with 'pariah' blast [ANALYSIS]'So cringe!' Piers Morgan blasts 90210 star AnnaLynne's plea to Putin [VIDEO] "Russian forces continue to advance on two axis towards Kyiv. Their objective is to encircle the capital, to secure control of the population and change the regime," Chief of Defence Intelligence Jim Hockenhull said. "Russia continues to conduct strikes across Ukraine. Overnight Russia launched a concerted series of strikes on targets in Kyiv. Multiple Rocket Launchers have been employed in Chernihiv and Kharkiv. "Ukrainian Armed Forces continue to offer strong resistance, focusing on the defence of key cities throughout Ukraine," added Mr Hockenhull.