Sally Nugent spoke with the Health Secretary on Tuesday's BBC Breakfast about self-isolation restrictions lifting and Boris Johnson's emergency meeting about what sanctions he will take to impose on Russia. However, some viewers were left unimpressed by the segment and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Nugent began by quizzing the MP over the Prime Minister's emergency meeting at Downing Street. Javid explained the government has always made it clear they will not hesitate to take action if needed. He said: "It is clear from Putin's actions that he has chosen confrontation over dialogue. "When the Prime Minister comes into parliament later, I am sure he will set out what sanctions we will take." READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him'  He went on to add they will target individuals and businesses linked to the Russian regime. "It won't just be the UK, obviously we are considering what we can do," he continued. "We have been in intensive discussions with our allies throughout this." The BBC Breakfast host swiftly moved the discussion on as she asked the MP about the legal requirement for self-isolating.  Speaking about Mr Johnson's meeting at Downing Street with Chris Whitty, Nugent continued: "In the press conference, even though isolating won't be legally required anymore, rates are still high. "Rates of infection are still high. Is this really the right time to change the rules?" "Yes," the MP simply replied as he went on to point out: "The virus is still out there. "We might want to be done with it, but it's certainly not done with us."  He concluded that despite restrictions being lifted, they will still monitor infection rates and ways of keeping people safe. Following the interview, some viewers were unhappy with the presenter's interview technique, and one even accused Nugent of not going in hard enough with the questioning. Paul raged: "Yet another absolutely awful interview it is now embarrassing for the BBC just get these people either properly trained in questioning skills or find them another position both Sally and Dan just not good enough. Oh also goes for Naga and Charlie. Who the hell is responsible?" (sic) Les tweeted: "WOULDN'T it have been better had SALLY understood the reason for her own QUESTIONS?.. IGNORANCE!" (sic)   While Linz added: "Come on BBC surely it's time to change the presenters now!!" User Cookie tweeted: "I get the impression that Sally thinks every one of her questions are zingers battering the politico puppets........ they're really not." (sic) "Doctor Sally Nugent. A news presenter turned Covid scientist OMG. Roll on Thursday," Stu penned. As Kathy said: "Silly sally is tickling idiot Javid’s tummy. #BBCBreakfast." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 