Charlie Hedges, a former member of the UK police who previously was head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection unit at the National Crime Agency, said the latest evidence that had come to light on convicted rapist and child sexual abuser Christian B “doesn’t actually give us any conclusions”. German prosecutors, who believe Christian B is responsible for the killing of Madeleine, have yet to bring charges with all publicly known evidence so far being circumstantial. Christian B has always denied all allegations in relation to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. A recent documentary by German TV channel Sat.1 claimed it had evidence that Christian B had “repeatedly worked” at the Ocean Club resort where the McCanns were staying. It also spoke to former acquaintances, who claimed they found a gun and child pornography at his addresses. In a recent interview, Nicole Fehlinger, Christian B’s lover at the time of Madeleine’s disappearance, said he would occasionally visit her at her home in the Algarve. READ MORE: Madeleine McCann mystery blown open with Christian B accomplice fears Ms Fehlinger recalled the suspect phoning her on the evening of Madeleine’s disappearance to say he would drive from Tomas to her home in Foral, 38 miles from Praia da Luz. While the most direct route would not have taken him through the town where Madeleine and her family were staying, Ms Fehlinger could not recall him arriving at her house that night. She told the Mail on Sunday: “I don’t know if he came late that night and parked his vehicle outside and slept in there, and left that morning again, or he did not turn up.” Asked about these claims, Mr Hedges, now a missing person specialist at Amber Alert Europe, commented: “Well, it certainly doesn't help to draw [the case] to a conclusion because it leaves more open questions about what his intentions are and what he actually did.” Investigators would now have to corroborate what she said, he said, but “this far down the road, that’s quite difficult to do. “So it begs some questions and leaves some opportunities for further investigation, but it doesn't actually give us any conclusions.” Asked about the chances of a conviction, Mr Hedges said: “Nothing should be ruled out, as you never know what might be out there, but if the evidence hasn't been captured now then it makes it increasingly difficult to do much with it. “If you look at it with a cold view and look at the knowledge of other cases, […] the chances of resolving it are diminishingly small, but that doesn't mean you can completely dismiss that. Because there is that possibility, and surprising things do happen.” DON'T MISS Map shows areas in Britain to be decimated if Russia nukes London [REVEAL] Putin's forces in disarray as officers go AWOL [INSIGHT] Starmer mortified at Boris' brutal dig at Labour's Communist funding [REPORT] He added that it had been his “crusade” to make reverse the trend “in all areas and a lot in policing” of missing persons cases not being looked at “with enough concern from the outset”. Mr Hedges said: “Sadly, its missing person cases that so often are dismissed as ‘oh they’ll turn up’ or ‘they’re not that important’. […] We see children go on to be harmed in lots of ways because the case isn’t treated seriously from the outset.” Aagje Ieven, secretary general of Missing Children Europe, said that while the McCanns had received “absolutely no support” when Maddie when missing in 2007, in the 15 years since things had improved. On February 15, Missing Children Europe marked the 15th anniversary of the 116 000 missing children hotlines. However, Ms Ieven noted that even though they had been reserved in February 2007, they were not operational by the time Madeleine went missing in May that year. She said: “When you look back at that case, there was a lot that wasn't in place then that is in place now. “For example, something these parents did not have and did all by themselves was navigating the situation with the police, which was not easy in their case, because they have been treated as suspects at some point. “Navigating the whole system, navigating relationships with the media, and that is something that currently is in place […] those are all things that the hotlines for missing children do.” Ms Ieven said that cooperation between services and cooperation across borders have improved in the 15 years since. She added: “It’s usually when one of these high-profile cases happens when progress is made. “I’m afraid, this high-profile case: every time it comes in the in the picture, it reminds people of the urgency.”