Rod Stewart has spent a whopping £70,000 getting his 124ft long giant model railway shipped from the attic in his house in the US to his Essex abode where it will be reassembled. So far, it has taken him eight months. The 77-year-old is a keen model railway enthusiast and his beloved train set, named Grant Street And Three Rivers City, has not been easy to transport. Rod chartered two shipping container ships and specialist freight planes to bring all of the pieces over, and the journey was marred by delays in the Panama Canal. He had hoped to get it delivered and reassembled by Christmas 2021. Speaking on BBC radio programme Loose Ends, Rod revealed: “It all got flown over here. It’s taken eight months, two containers on a ship that went through the Panama Canal and now we’re rebuilding it here in Britain. “It really is a masterpiece even though I say it myself.” Rod has spent 23 years building the 124ft long x 23ft wide structure, which depicts an American city in the 1940s inspired by Manhattan, and it contains hundreds of tiny buildings including factories, a power station and 5ft skyscrapers. He proudly showed off the set on the cover of Railway Modeller in 2019. "It's the landscape I like. Attention to detail, extreme detail, is paramount," he said. “There shouldn't be any unsightly gaps or pavements that are too clean." So passionate is Rod about model railways, he even donated £10,000 to Market Deeping Model Railway Club after one of their creations was destroyed by vandals. The display was completely ransacked by four teenagers who were enjoying a night out before an exam. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George's 'painful' pregnancy amid health woes [LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [ROW]Linda Nolan reaches out to Janey Godley amid cancer battle struggle [HEALTH] It had taken decades to build and cost £30,000. “It took me 23 years to build my model railway so I feel their pain,” the Sailing singer said at the time. “The collection was priceless and I am donating £10,000 to help compensate those affected and asking fellow enthusiasts Jools Holland, Roger Daltrey and others to do the same.” Explaining where his love of the hobby came from, Rod explained: “It is all because my dad bought me a signal box and I was born across the railway tracks in Highgate.” He added: “I got hooked on American railways because I was living there when the layout was started. “I just looked out the window and there it all was." He then joked that if he’d had known it would have taken so long to finish the project, he may have given up. "But if I had realised at the start it would have taken so long, I’d have probably said No! No! Nah!” he laughed.