Tiffany (played by Maisie Smith) has become one of the most beloved EastEnders characters in the show's 37-year history and therefore, many viewers were left heartbroken when she bid farewell to Walford in December in the aftermath of her marriage to Keegan (Zack Morris) breaking down. The youngster wanted to start a new life in Germany after months of troubles in her personal and marital life but the door was left open for her to reunite with her ex-husband. Earlier this week, it was announced the actor who plays Keegan, Zack, is leaving the BBC soap after five years and bosses want to bring back the actress who played Tiffany, Maisie, to tie in with the character's exit. Express.co.uk can confirm the actress is going to be back for one episode in the not-so-distant future but an air date has not yet been confirmed. Additionally, an unnamed source explained a few more details about the character's grand return and what this means for Keegan. The insider shared: "Bosses felt Tiffany had unfinished business with Keegan that needed a resolution before he left. "Viewers will have to wait to see if they manage to fix their relationship or whether the bad blood that we’ve seen between them continues," they told The Sun. Although Tiffany has several connections on the Square, it seems it will be Keegan she wants to speak to and she could have some big news about their future together. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? Just before Tiffany left before Christmas, she and Keegan spent the night together in what was a fitting goodbye after their years as a married couple. Especially for Keegan, he thought this meant his wife was going to stay with him instead of leave but she turned the tables as she asked him to go with her. Liam Butcher (Alfie Deegan) had a word in his brother-in-law's ear though and the young businessman thought it would be better for him to stay in Walford and file for divorce. It's been a couple of months since he last heard from the love of his life and he might not be expecting to hear she is several months pregnant. Tiffany could announce she is going to have a baby and if they want to become a family, Keegan must be willing to leave the Square. The East London location holds a lot of bad memories for the pair as Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero) is still living on the Square. Seeing the cracks in Tiffany and Keegan's marriage, Dotty decided she was going to cause some trouble and really highlight their issues. This led her to spend a lot more time with Keegan and when she had him under her spell, they slept together and this is what ended his marriage. With a baby possibly involved, Tiffany could be over all the drama and will want to give family life a chance away from London. As Keegan is leaving the show in the coming weeks, this could be the perfect plot to see him make his departure as he begins a new chapter of his life. DON'T MISS...Jamie Brothwick: EastEnders star reveals 'really bad' condition [COMMENT]Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [COMMENT]Adam Woodyatt rakes in £2.5m as ex-wife ‘relies on food handouts’ [COMMENT] In a statement released by the show earlier this week, Keegan star Zack expressed how he thought his character's journey had come to an end. The young soap star said: "After five beautiful years on this incredible show, I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. "This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart. The cast and crew of this show deserve every accolade that comes their way. "The hard work, love and dedication that goes into making four episodes a week is immense and it's not to be taken lightly. "This show has given me so much, not just as an actor but as a man. These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life." "I will forever see this whole experience as the biggest blessing I could have ever asked for. I loved every second," he said. Of the five years Keegan was on the show, over half of this time was spent developing a relationship with Tiffany and they faced a lot of opposition. Both known for being troublesome, their families were unsure if they would match and they tried to stop the pair from getting married. However, the young pair stood up for themselves and told their loved ones they were going to be man and wife whether they liked it or not. Unfortunately, their families were right but could reuniting and leaving together prove they are willing to fight for their love? Taking to Twitter, fans have already been sharing their reactions to the pair being reunited, with Owen writing: "Oh my God, she's coming back for him?" Johnathon posted: "I'm going to miss him. I hope we see Tiffany back for his last episode or it sets him off to go find her #EastEnders." Nk3play2 commented: "Not surprised [about Keegan leaving]. They haven’t had anything for Keegan since he and Tiffany split. Hopefully, Tiffany can return to usher Keegan off." Tam added: "I hope he goes after Tiffany #EastEnders @bbceastenders." "Best of luck in your new chapter Zack. You'll be missed massively. I loved Keegan as a character, especially during his relationship with Tiffany #EastEnders. Good luck all the best," Ryan remarked. EastEnders continues Monday at 8pm on BBC One.