Prince William has opened up about having his second-eldest child, Princess Charlotte, which he says is "a very different dynamic" as he has never had a sister. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are known for being hands-on parents to their three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Cambridges seem to want to give their children as normal of an upbringing as possible despite their royal titles. Experts said Will and Kate have deviated from royal norms with the way they are bringing up their children. One example is the public affection they share towards their kids, which would have previously been frowned upon by The Firm. Both Kate and William have been pictured laughing, cuddling and holding hands with the three royal youngsters.  Dannielle Haig, a Principal Psychologist, told Express.co.uk: “The overt affection that Wills and Kate show towards their children is most definitely unusual for the British Royal Family. “But my, how wonderful it is to see. “As a psychologist, it is well known that children need to feel affection, love, and safety from their parents to truly thrive and be happy in life. “To be kept at arm’s length and not shown affection as a child, can have all sorts of negative impacts on a child psychologically and emotionally.” READ MORE: ‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed As is the case with any caregivers, parenthood is an experience full of ups and downs which is no different for the Cambridges. In 2016, Prince William revealed his struggles with being a dad and the life-altering changes that come with it. He said: "The alteration from being a single, independent man to going into marriage and then having children is life-changing. "George is a right little rascal sometimes, he keeps me on my toes, but he's a sweet boy. "And Charlotte, bearing in mind I haven't had a sister, so having a daughter is a very different dynamic. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle fans gloat as Kate ‘overshadowed’ [INSIGHT]Sweden's Princess Estelle's adorable nickname unveiled as royal turns [ANALYSIS}Queen sparks royal fan frenzy as monarch teases exciting news [COMMENT] "And Charlotte, bearing in mind I haven't had a sister, so having a daughter is a very different dynamic. "I adore my children very much and I've learnt a lot about myself and about family just from having my own children." Prince William has been praised by experts for the way he crouches down and pays attention to his children when they are talking - a technique child psychologists and behavioural experts say help makes children feel valued and understood. However, the Duke has revealed one parenting task he is not so fond of. On a trip to Blackpool in 2019, he was chatting to a fellow dad, who admitted that he'd had difficulty learning how to do his daughter's hair. William responded: "Never try to do a ponytail! Nightmare." 