Carer’s Allowance is due to increase by 3.1 percent in April, offering unpaid carers £69.70 per week instead of the current £67.60 rate. However, almost half a million unpaid carers are not claiming the Carer’s Allowance they are due alongside missing out on a range of other benefits they are fully entitled to. Offering over £3,500 per year for unpaid carers, almost half a million are missing out on this benefit as well as a range of other freebies and add ons they are rightfully entitled to. In April this year, Carer’s Allowance, along with a range of other DWP benefits, will increase in line with the Consumer Price Index inflation rate measured in September last year. This increase will put an extra £2 into the pockets of carers across the country every week. Additionally, the Carer’s Allowance earnings limit will rise by £4 to £132 per week, meaning that unpaid carers doing part-time work can earn £4 more every week before affecting their benefits payments. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares how Britons can double or triple their money with easy pension change  Successful claiming Carer’s Allowance can also see Britons being eligible for the following: It is worth noting that claiming Carer’s Allowance alone does not immediately entitle one to these benefits as they have additional eligibility criteria too. The benefit is designed to assist those that take on a great social duty without receiving any payment for it. These unpaid carers usually take on responsibilities for their friends or families who are unable to look after themselves or afford professional carers. Roughly 400,000 are estimated to be eligible for this benefit but do not claim it. Those that have been previously rejected should note they can do a benefit check every six months as a change in circumstances could make them now eligible. Even those that find they do not meet all of the eligibility criteria for Carer’s Allowance could find themselves in receipt of Carer’s Credit instead. Carers may also need to communicate their plans to apply for Carer’s Allowance to the person they care for as this could affect benefits and payments they receive. To be eligible for Carer’s Allowance there is a range of criteria that must be met by both the carer and the person they care for. The person being cared for must claim one of these benefits: Carers themselves should provide at least 35 hours of care per week and meet all of the following criteria: