They are currently demonstrating outside of the Russian embassy in London. An eyewitness has claimed that over a thousand people are involved in the protests, with some of them shouting "Old man take your meds!" and "Putin hands off Ukraine!" Some protesters held up signs saying "Love Ukraine" and "Ukrainians will resist". Svitlana Pyrkalo shared a video of the protesters to Twitter, writing: "Over a thousand people in front of Russian embassy in London. "'Putin hands off Ukraine!' 'Old man take your meds!' 'Putin kills' 'Russia is big enough already' and traditional Ukrainian song." This comes amid mounting fears of a Ukrainian invasion. Mr Putin has built up more than 100,000 troops on the Ukrainian border, demanding that the country be barred from joining NATO.  Earlier this week, Moscow sent troops to the Donbas region of Ukraine, in what was seen as an escalation of the conflict. This came after Mr Putin formally recognised two Russian-backed separatist-controlled regions of the country as independent. Ukraine declared a state of emergency in the country lasting for thirty days, which comes into force at midnight tonight. Speaking to Sky News yesterday, UK Health Secretary Sajid Javid said that the "invasion of Ukraine has begun." READ MORE: Russian state TV claims Ukraine was a GIFT given to Moscow from Lenin  He said: "We are waking up to a very dark day in Europe. "It's clear from what we have already seen and found out today that Russia's President Putin has decided to attack the sovereignty of Ukraine and its territorial integrity." He added: "We've seen that he's recognised these breakaway eastern regions in Ukraine and we can already tell he's sent in tanks and troops, so I think from that you can conclude that the invasion of Ukraine has begun." In response to Mr Putin's incursion, the UK Government has placed sanctions on Russia. DON'T MISS: 'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [REACTION] Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [REVEAL] Russian troops in 'key formation' along Ukraine border [ANALYSIS] Five banks and three Russian billionaires have had their assets frozen, with the individuals also being hit with travel bans. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the UK is "prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink". In a statement, she said: "This first wave of sanctions will hit oligarchs and banks close to the Kremlin. "It sends a clear message that the UK will use our economic heft to inflict pain on Russia and degrade their strategic interests.  "And we are prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. "We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of high tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. "These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard."