A homemade coffin was found by cleaners earlier this month in the Vistalmar Duquesa Norte apartment block surrounded by rubbish, wrapped in plastic and covered in sand. The wooden box was too heavy to move, so the cleaners opened it up to make the gruesome discovery. Initial investigating revealed the body was likely to have been there for months and in an advanced state of decomposition. Police said the body "showed signs of mummification" before The Civil Guard has confirmed the body is that of a woman.   Sources close to the investigation say police are looking into whether the occupant suffered from Diogenes syndrome, a condition characterised by extreme self-neglect, filthy surroundings, and excessive hoarding. The condition can also be marked by a refusal of support or help. Spanish news station, Cuatro al Dia (Four a Day) spoke with neighbours who are puzzled by the finding. One neighbour said she was surprised as there "has been no smell".  The police are centering their investigation on the alleged last tenant of the apartment, a German man who left around four months ago but his car is still reported to be in the garage. Neighbours told Cuatro al Dia they often say the occupant "alone". An Italian neighbour in the next apartment said: "Whenever I've seen him I've always seen him along, I've never seen a woman." Another witness said: "The neighbours saw him leave. He left the windows and doors open and has never been seen again". READ MORE: Spain holiday warning: Chaos as British tourists face £50 scam  The body was taken to the Institute of Legal Medicine in Malaga for a post-mortem where forensic experts will work to find if the woman died from natural death or if there are signs of another cause. The Costa del Sol is a region in the south of Spain, popular among British holidaymakers, but formerly made up of a series of small fishing settlements. Around 35 percent of Andalusia's tourism is concentrated in the region; in 2009 it had 17 million overnight stays.