Local council officials have had to respond to concerns about overcrowded parking along School lane in Coventry. Some locals have described the road as an accident waiting to happen over “out of control” vehicles. Images show cars parked ver the pavement while some vehicles have even blocked access to driveways. Debbie Bennett, who lives down School Lane, has warned residents are “annoyed” that “nothing is getting done” to solve the parking chaos. She added many locals “fear for the safety” of young people and attacked others for parking “irresponsibly”. Residents have blamed the pavement parking on a lack of spaces at the nearby Red Kangaroo Trampoline Park. READ MORE: Fury over 'ludicrous' price hike at the only car park for miles Speaking to CoventryLive, she said: “A car was parked right over the 'keep clear' sign on the road which is not only for my property but also for the John Haynes court behind us which has elderly people living there. "They block my vision if I want to get off my driveway. "I am dreading the school holidays. "Residents in the area are annoyed that no one listens to us and nothing is getting done, there is also no consequence for the trampoline park and they continue to do what they do. DON'T MISSBusinesses attack ‘controversial’ new parking boulders  [INSIGHT]'Really disappointed' driver fined for using wrong parking details [ANALYSIS]Major parking law change to be debated as drivers slam 'senseless tax' [COMMENT] "I fear for the safety of the children crossing the road between parked cars because cars come down here at a high speed. "We don’t want accidents but it’s a shame people don’t think before they park irresponsibly.” Warwickshire County Council has responded to the anger. They urged residents to call the police if vehicles are blocking driveways. They confirmed there were “double yellow lines” in place nearby to stop anyone from parking there. A council spokesperson said: “We understand that Red Kangaroo Trampoline Park will be a popular destination for children and families and it is equipped with a large car park for patrons. "There are double yellow lines opposite the entrance to the trampoline park and School Lane is not bound by any waiting restrictions.