To mark the special occasion of Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee, the pastry chefs at Forman & Field have created a special ‘Elizabeth Sponge’. This has coincided with the Queen’s Platinum Pudding competition where royal fans had to create a brand new pudding to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. The winner of the competition will be unveiled in June during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend.  EggsSugarFlour ButtercreamLemon possetDubonnetRaspberry jam READ MORE: Prince Harry is ‘showing off new life’ to Eugenie - here’s how  LemonsWaterDubonnet  The cake has seven layers of Génoise Sponge, one representing each decade of Her Majesty’s reign. The filling is buttercream and lemon posset, her favourite pudding, with Dubonnet, the Queen’s favourite alcoholic beverage, and raspberry jam. A Dubonnet glaze over lemon-water frosting is the crowning glory.   This delicious hand-made cake will be available from Forman & Field from March 24, 2022, 70 days before the Jubilee celebrations commence on June 2. Lance Forman, owner of Forman & Field, spoke to Express.co.uk about the new sweet creation. He said: “The Platinum Jubilee is such a unique and extraordinary moment in our history. “We wanted to create something special which we know Her Majesty would enjoy and which would also have the enduring simplicity of the Victoria Sponge, a cake enjoyed by the Queen’s grandmother and served at her traditional afternoon teas.   “The tangy flavour of the creamy lemon posset filling pairs perfectly with our homemade sweet and aromatic Dubonnet jam and glaze. “These are sandwiched between seven layers of a deliciously light genoise sponge, one layer to mark each decade of Her Majesty’s glorious reign. “There’s no doubt in our mind, it’s a combination fit for a Queen. “This year we celebrate our own 20th anniversary.  “We have built a reputation for creating and supplying the finest artisan British food, dispatched throughout the year to people’s homes across the country. “Available exclusively from Forman & Field, we look forward to seeing the Elizabeth Sponge appearing at street parties and celebrations across the nation as the Platinum Jubilee approaches. “This cake takes the Victoria sponge to a whole new level. “In fact, seven levels of heaven!” 