Marcus Dean (played by Darcy Grey) has come across as the complete opposite of his villainous father Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather). The Emmerdale newcomer recently arrived in the village after being tracked down by Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) who told him that his imprisoned dad was dying. Since Pierce's death Marcus has found a love interest in Ethan Anderson (Emile John), however, will he end up going into hiding after things take a dark turn? In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the newcomer attends his late father's will reading. However, after the reading has been completed, he doesn’t see any further reason to stay in the village and makes plans to move on. But Ethan, who has feelings for Marcus, suggests they meet up as he does not want him to leave Emmerdale. Despite his best efforts, Marcus rejects his offer which leaves Ethan feeling disappointed. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers?  Determined not to let him go without a fight, Ethan later makes another attempt to secure a date with Marcus. Yet again his efforts fall flat and he is left wondering what else he could do to tempt him to stay. The following day, however, Ethan feels more encouraged when Rhona and her partner Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) give him their approval to pursue a relationship with the soap newcomer. Will Ethan be able to get Marcus to change his mind before he turns his back on the village for good?   Emmerdale viewers will know how much trauma Rhona went through with Marcus' estranged dad Pierce. The soap villain was put behind bars for raping her on their wedding day. After sexually assaulting her many more times, Rhona found the courage to report him to the police. Pierce was eventually sentenced to five years in prison back in 2017. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mandy Dingle tears apart couple in revenge plot? [THEORY]Emmerdale twist as Kerry Wyatt betrays villain Al Chapman? [SPOILER]Emmerdale backlash: Meena Jutla storyline sparks complaints [REACTION] Even from behind bars he managed to terrorise her by getting his own mother to stalk her. He returned to Emmerdale two and a half years later after being released from prison and went on to murder Rhona's then-boyfriend Graham Foster (Andrew Scarborough). Although Rhona has finally been able to move on with her life, she still knows little about Marcus or his own past. He has claimed his dad was not in the picture when he was growing up, but is that really the truth?  Could he too have an evil side that he does not want to be exposed? If Ethan convinces Marcus to stay in upcoming scenes, will he manage to keep his past a secret? Could Ethan uncover a dark family secret Marcus hoped no one would ever find out which forces him to go into hiding? Emmerdale continues weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 