Married At First Sight Australia's Jessica Seracino is one of the participants who signed up for the latest season of the experimental E4 and Channel Nine show. The reality series sees singletons meet their future husbands and wives for the first time at the altar. However, 27-year-old Jessica ends up quitting the show following another massive argument with her husband Daniel Holmes. In scenes yet to air in the UK, the retail assistant declared she was leaving the show after being unable to "connect" with her new husband. Soon after checking into their apartment for the experiment together, Jessica discussed the advice she and her husband were given by the show's experts. However, the pair started to clash during a heated row and the Melbourne beauty abruptly announced she was exiting the programme. She savagely told Daniel she did not have a connection with him since meeting on their wedding day. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch Jessica bluntly said: "From day dot I felt that extreme disconnection to you. I feel like it started before we even had issues." She continued: "This is the perfect time to tell you that I'm leaving." "It clearly isn't working, and I'm not going to fake it and it's never gonna work." A stunned Daniel replied: "I'm so shocked that after last night, this was the conversation we're having."  Standing up for himself, Daniel told his wife he felt she was just running away from her problems. He stressed: "I mean if you stay on board, I'm going to keep you accountable. "And you're gonna have to keep facing your actions and you don't want to do that." A furious Jess replied: "I've been accountable for everything that I've done and the things I screwed up on." DON'T MISS...Domenica and Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Are they together? [EXPLAINER]How to watch Married At First Sight Australia 2022 in the UK [LATEST]MAFS Australia 2022: Are Ella and Mitch still together? [SPOILER] "I don't want to be with you. I'm not going to fake it," she remarked when Daniel asked why she did not want to try and make their relationship work. She then stormed out of their apartment with her belongings, leaving Daniel dumbfounded. The newlyweds have clashed multiple times since tying the knot and they even rowed just minutes into their honeymoon. Jessica was initially matched with Simon Blackburn, but he was booted off the show for making "offensive" comments.  She then joined the experiment as an "intruder" and walked down the aisle again with Daniel. The 30-year-old works as a personal trainer and he resides in Queensland. Daniel and Jessica no longer follow each other on Instagram despite following some of their Married At First Sight co-stars. Married at First Sight Australia airs every day on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK. 