Many future homeowners might be looking for something different; quirky wallpaper or eccentric furniture. But one British family have taken it to another level as they build their future home from a shipping container, in Greece. The Monro family decided to swap the UK for Corfu back in 1990 after losing everything in the economic crash of 1989. Sarah-Jane Monro, 57, who is originally from Leicester, said the move to Greece wasn’t one they had planned after initially going to Corfu on holiday. She explained: “We went out there for a week on holiday after we lost our house in the crash, just really thinking about what we wanted to do with our lives. “But on our last day, literally, as we were waiting on our bus, a lady we were talking to in a local restaurant offered my husband a bartending job, as her bartender had just quit. READ MORE: House prices in the Midlands are a third lower than the UK average “With us both having experience in hospitality, we went back to the UK, packed up our things and by February we were out there.” Sarah-Jane, along with her husband, Andy Monro, 59, who is originally from West Sussex, and son, James Monro, 22, decided they wanted to do something a little different when it came to building their future home but not everything went according to plan. Andy revealed: “We had originally planned to move onto the land with Sarah-Jane’s Mum and Dad and build a house together. Unfortunately, her mum got ill and died of cancer. “We drew up plans, we went to see architects but of course then, that all changed and the idea was shelved for about 13/14 years. DON'T MISS...Food recalls: Tesco & Waitrose issue food recall amid salmonella risk [UPDATE]World War 3: Top 3 safest destinations to travel to [FULL LIST]Princess Victoria of Sweden ‘not allowed to wear’ certain tiaras [COMMENT] “After some time, we decided that we wanted to do something different for our new-build home and that’s where the shipping container comes in. “We actually saw our first shipping container 18 years ago after I went to work for a sailing company and they were using one as a storeroom. So after that, we started looking at it and we jokingly said, one day, ‘why can’t we live in one of those?’” The family began sourcing shipping containers from Athens before working with UK-based supplier, Cleveland Containers to get a more specialised container fitted with solar technology. One year into the project, the family now work daily to turn their container home into a reality and are keen to keep one eye on the project being as sustainable as possible. “The reason we bought the Cleveland one is that it is completely kitted out in our solar panel system. So essentially, this will be the energy hub for our home,” Sarah-Jane said. “Quite a lot of people have been to see it. We’ve had lots of locals coming to see and once it is finished we will have an open day for them and the local school to bring the kids down to have a look and try to get them interested in repurposing things. “We really do try and upcycle as much as possible when we’re working. Andy and James both do 99 percent of the welding so if there is a way to repurpose something for the home, then they’ll find it.” When it comes to the vision of the final end-product, Sarah-Jane has no trouble admitting that is something that changes regularly. “I will be completely honest, that vision changes almost daily,” she remarked. “Sometimes my vision will change halfway through a workday where I’ll stop what I'm cutting and do something else with it. “But with both Andy and James having experience in welding and the more practical stuff, it can be incredibly frustrating for them but when we think of an idea we really like, it’s quite hard to let it go.” The family keep everyone up to date on their incredible project by posting on social media.