Natasha Raskin Sharp has been with Bargain Hunt since 2013 after she was scouted by a series producer at an auction house in Scotland. Since then, she has fronted not only Bargain Hunt but other BBC shows such as Antiques Road Trip and Flog It!. When she isn't in front of the camera, Natasha is on the radio, hosting her own weekly programme via BBC Radio Scotland's The Music Match. Natasha, who is one of the youngest experts on the show at 36-years-old, has been on Bargain Hunt for almost a decade. Thanks to the job, as well as the other BBC shows she takes part in, Natasha usually spends a lot of time on the road, exploring new places to help the red and blue teams find new treasures. Speaking to the BBC, she said: "I'm truly amazed at just how many cities, towns and villages Bargain Hunt visits in one series. "The UK boasts such a diverse landscape so it's a real treat to be able to combine work and travel in this unique way." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? While Natasha does enjoy the travelling aspect of working on Bargain Hunt, there is only one place she calls home. She now resides in her hometown of Glasglow alongside her husband Joe Sharp of six years. Natasha is believed to live not too far away from her parents Barbara and Philip Raskin. It was actually at an auction house in Glasgow that Natasha was discovered by a BBC series producer which launched her TV career. When she isn't selling or finding antiques, the Bargain Hunt star likes to spend time around the city. She previously explained: "My partner and I are guilty of eating out too much. "Glasgow has so many great restaurants, too much of my spare time is spent eating delicious food and not enough time is spent working it off in the gym..." Natasha reportedly also married her now-husband in a small ceremony in Scotland in 2016 so their lives have been intertwined with the area. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]Bargain Hunt's Natasha Raskin Sharp shares rare insight into marriage [RELATIONSHIP]When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? [EXPLAINER] Joe and Natasha started dating after meeting behind the scenes of Antiques Road Trip. He is a producer and director on the daytime show, as well as other shows like The Great Hotel Escape and The Big Painting Challenge. It isn't believed that the couple does not have any children of their own. Fans can watch Natasha in another exciting episode of Bargain Hunt this afternoon. Bargain Hunt will air episode 11 of season 52 where the expert is going to be in Stamford Meadows. The synopsis reads: "Natasha Raskin-Sharp is leading proceedings today from Stamford Meadows in Lincolnshire. "Mark Stacey and Gary Pe are the experts helping the reds and blues spend £300 on three items within an hour in the hope that they’ll make a profit at the auction. "Natasha also visits Grimsthorpe Castle to find out about their royal collection." Bargain Hunt is available to watch every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.