Prince Harry gushed about his wife, Meghan Markle, when they collected the President’s Award at Saturday’s NAACP Image Award. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex received the award for their “distinguished public service”. The annual award ceremony honours achievements by people of colour in culture and entertainment,Meghan wore a flowing one-shouldered gown designed by Christopher John Rogers while Harry sported a dapper tuxedo by Ozwald Boateng.During their acceptance speech, Harry paid tribute to his wife and thanked the black community for “welcoming” him.The Duke said: ”I echo the immense gratitude for tonight. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid “Both for this award and to this community for welcoming me with, uh, so warmly.“I think it’s safe to say that I come from a very different background than my incredible wife.“Yet our lives were brought together for a reason.“We share a commitment to a life of service. “A responsibility to confront injustice and a belief that the most often overlooked, are the most important to listen to.”Meghan then chimed in, as the couple gazed into each other’s eyes: “I couldn’t be prouder that we are doing this work together.“We moved to California, my home state, shortly before the murder of George Floyd.“For Black America, those nine minutes and 29 seconds transcended time. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement[LATEST]Queen's Roger Taylor on why Brian May 'suddenly lost interest' in song[INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him[NEWS] “Invoking centuries of our unhealed wounds.”Following the couple’s appearance at the award show, plenty of users took to Twitter to share their thoughts.Liz wrote: “Harry and Meghan’s first award show being the NAACP Image Awards is a STATEMENT. Plus, Meghan bringing Doria and speaking out about racism — yasss so grateful her voice isn’t being silenced anymore. And him thanking Black folk for “welcoming me so warmly” — they’re GOLDEN.” (sic)Menia said: “New respect for Harry and Meghan after seeing them receive an NAACP Civil Rights Image Award. They’re actually walking their talk and not just doing photo opps, regardless of our opinions of them.” And Richards echoed: “What a heartfelt speech from The Duke and Duchess of Sussex at tonight’s NAACP Awards. But that’s not all, Meghan looks spectacular. Like, absolutely resplendent! And Harry, too, looks dashing! My heart is truly, truly full. Well done for a memorable show.”The Duke and Duchess partnered with the NAACP and their Archewell Foundation to create a new honour: the NAACP-Archewell digital civil rights award, which bestows a $100,000 prize to innovators working at the intersection of technology and social justiceThe first recipient of the NAACP-Archewell award was Safiya Noble, who wrote a 2019 study titled Algorithms of Oppression: How Search Engines Reinforce Racism, exposing how common internet search algorithms are programmed to reinforce racial and gender-based biases.