Eddie Hearn is keen to see Kell Brook fight Conor Benn rather than Chris Eubank Jr. The Sheffield man is on cloud nine after a sixth-round stoppage victory over bitter rival Amir Khan last weekend. While the 35-year-old admitted defeating Khan would be the ideal way to end his 18-year career, he expressed a desire to get back in the ring again. This prompted Hearn, the head of Matchroom Boxing to try and organise Brook’s next fight, which he hopes will be against Conor Benn. Benn, son of boxing legend Nigel, impressed last year with wins over veterans Samuel Vargas, Adrian Granados, and Chris Algieri. The promoter now wants to do business with Brook, one of his former clients, and arrange a fight with one of his current fighters in the form of Benn. “He’s made a lot of money now with us,” Hearn said of Brook in an interview with IFL. JUST IN: Wladimir Klitschko pens poignant message from Kiev as Russian troops close in on capital “He’s not going to turn down a few more millions to fight. We talked a little bit about fights. Of course, the fight that I want him to be in is Conor Benn. “I think it’s a brilliant fight, it’s a crossroads right between a guy who’s been a great fighter for British boxing, a world champion. “Kell is still a very dangerous welterweight – and, in my opinion, the rising star of the welterweight division in Conor Benn. “Obviously, Conor has to take care of business in April, but I would love to see that fight (against Brook).” DON'T MISS   Following his victory over Khan, Eubank Jr challenged Brook to a fight, but Hearn sees more potential in a fight with Benn. “When you’ve got a welterweight contender (Benn) for a lot of money, I don’t see why you’d fight Chris Eubank over Conor Benn,” Hearn said. “They’re both similar in terms of profile and stature. But Conor Benn is your weight." He added: “I think Kell has some good options there,” Hearn continued. “We’ll have a chat and see whether the Conor Benn fight can get made. I think we’d have a huge offer for that fight, to be honest with you. “It’s a brilliant fight – it’s a dangerous fight, for both of them. But what a thrilling fight. It would be an absolute fire fight.” Hearn then reiterated: “I will be making a major play for Conor Benn against Kell Brook. “I will be going to town then. I’m sure we’ll have those conversations when the time’s right.”