  Adele’s boyfriend Rich Paul was left feeling “spooked” after the singer hinted at their plans to have a baby next year during a TV interview, according to reports. On The Graham Norton Show, Adele hinted that another pregnancy could soon be on the cards with her sports agent boyfriend.      Pop icon Adele, 33, teased their plans to start a family together during a candid interview with Graham Norton earlier this month. However, her boyfriend Rich Paul, 40, was reportedly taken aback after the singer joked that she might have to cancel her Las Vegas residency performances again if she gets pregnant. The star was due to begin her residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas last month, but cancelled at the last minute after COVID-19 hit the production team. Appearing on The Graham Norton Show a few weeks ago, Adele reassured fans that her shows would be rescheduled for some time later in the year. READ MORE: Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle     However, she also went further to reveal that her residency would “have” to happen this year, because she has “plans” for 2023. Not stopping there, the singer joked: “Imagine if I have to cancel [the Las Vegas shows] because I’m pregnant!” While the quip seemed harmless at the time, it reportedly took Adele’s boyfriend Rich completely by surprise. A source told heat magazine: “Adele just blurting out the plan for them to have a baby next year has left Rich feeling spooked.      “Yes, it’s something they have discussed, but he had no idea their plans would be broadcast and then splashed all over the world’s headlines. “He knew what he was signing up for when he began dating Adele, but he doesn’t like their intimate moments becoming fodder for gossip, and he didn’t think Adele did, either. “It’s definitely caused an awkward silence or two between them.” Express.co.uk has contacted Adele and Rich Paul’s representatives for comment. READ MORE... Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [UPDATE] Kate Garraway hits back as she's accused of 'parading Derek' by viewer [NEWS] 'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move away from BBC [NEWS]      Adele released her fourth album 30 in early November and her Las Vegas residency was due to begin at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace Hotel on January 21. The singer shocked fans when she announced she would be postponing the show, after arrangements were “absolutely destroyed” by delivery delays and the pandemic. In a teary social media post, the star informed fans of the last-minute decision, apologising to those who had booked tickets and promising that the dates would be rescheduled. “I’m so sorry but my show ain’t ready,” she said. “We’ve tried absolutely everything that we can to pull it together in time and for it to be good enough for you but we’ve been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid.      “Half my team are down with Covid, they still are, and it’s impossible to finish the show. “I can’t give you what I have right now and I’m gutted and I’m sorry it’s so last minute.” The mum-of-one, who shares her son Angelo with ex-husband Simon Konecki, added that team members had been awake for “over 30 hours” trying to figure out how to put on the show, but they sadly "ran out of time”. “I’m so upset and I’m really embarrassed and I’m so sorry to everyone who has travelled again. I’m really sorry. “We’re on it right now, we’re going to reschedule all the dates and I’m going to finish my show and I’m going to get it to where it needs to be. “It’s been impossible, we’ve been up against so much and it just ain’t ready. I’m really sorry.”   