Sophie was eliminated from the competition by Lord Sugar last week. She made it to week seven, but a disastrous task saw the 32-year-old sent packing by the business tycoon. Sophie was project manager of the latest The Apprentice task, which saw the contestants having to create electric driverless pods. After Sophie's idea was deemed "tacky," her team struggled to make sales. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Sophie explained elements of the series she believes should have been different. "I would like the groups to have been mixed around more," Sophie admitted to Express.co.uk and other press. Usually, Lord Sugar mixes the teams in each episode after the first couple of weeks, but it seemed to happen less during the current series. Sophie continued: "Because obviously, I worked with a lot of the same people. "And you do get, not comfortable, but you do learn people's strengths and weaknesses quite quickly, especially when you're working with the same people." READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene Speaking about how close the contestants became, she echoed the view about wishing groups had been swapped around. "I think you've become closest to the people that you're working with on the task. "Because obviously, you're working with them and then you've got gaps and you're stuck with those same people. "So you're not mixing and you're not talking. "And that's the same when you get back at nighttime, you can't discuss what you've done in the daytime. "So again, going back to my earlier point that it would have been nice to have rotated the groups a bit more, because you're working with the same people. "So it's natural, you know those people more and become closer to them." She added: "There wasn't anyone I couldn't get now with, so that was just natural for me to become closer to them. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley [LATEST]Countryfile fans devastated over Adam Henson's dog update [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning over WW2 item 'No more' [VIDEO] "I worked quite a lot with Steph [Affleck], I worked with Amy [Anzel], I was with Akshay [Thakrar]. "It was a shame I didn't get to work with the other members, but I've got no hard feelings about anyone. I'd love to see everyone again." Sophie came up with the idea of party pods while running her final task on the series. She decided going down the party route would attract clients most, but unfortunately, much of the feedback the team received was that the idea was tacky. Speaking about how her attitude differed to fellow candidates, she continued: "With me, I feel I went in with the correct intentions but I don't know whether if everyone was like myself it would be a less entertaining show. "I think you do need a mix of individuals and some of those individuals aren't actually in it for the correct reasons, they are in it for fame or they're in for entertainment. "And that's why you get laughs and it is an entertainment show." The cocktail bar owner was dismissed by business Sugar, 74, after a row escalated in the boardroom. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.