New potatoes are versatile, delicious and pretty easy to grow yourself. If you want to grow your own crop of new potatoes to enjoy over summer, now is the time to get planting. Here’s everything you need to know about planting new potatoes.  Now the weather is getting warmer, it’s almost time to start planting your vegetable patch. Growing your own vegetables is fun, sustainable and tasty. Planting new potatoes now means you’ll have a delicious crop ready to harvest in summer - perfect to add to salads, or as an accompaniment to a summertime barbecue. Here’s everything you need to know about planting new potatoes.  READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels New potatoes tend to be planted in the form of tubers. Tubers - also known as seed potatoes - can be planted from early spring onwards. The key is to make sure any risk of frost has passed before planting your potatoes, as this could endanger your crop.  In the UK, you can plant new potatoes between March and April, although this may vary depending on the temperature where you live. Before planting potatoes, prepare your vegetable patch for optimum growing conditions by adding quality compost to the soil. You can also add a specialist potato fertiliser to the soil to give the root vegetables a boost.  DON'T MISS:Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens [UPDATE]When to cut back fuchsia - spring pruning tips [TIPS]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [INSIGHT] Dig a trench around eight centimetres deep where you want to plant the potatoes. Take your seed potatoes and cut them into chunks, making sure each chunk has at least two sprouts. Place the potato pieces about 30 centimetres apart, with the shoots pointing up, and cover with a layer of soil - they may still be below ground level, but that’s OK. As the potato shoots grow, you will add layers of soil to cover the shoots, so don’t bury your potatoes too deep at this stage.  Generally, new potatoes are ready to harvest around 100 days after they’ve been planted. You can tell when your potatoes are ready for harvest when their flowers open. This tends to be in around June or July, for those planted in March. To harvest new potatoes, just lift them out as gently as possible with a fork. The sooner you eat your potatoes after harvesting, the tastier they will be. 