FIFA have ordered Russia's national football team to compete in their upcoming matches without a flag or anthem, while they will also be forced to play as the Football Union of Russia on neutral territory in the wake of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Several nations - including England - have already confirmed that they will refuse to take part in official matches against Russia after the country's troops invaded Ukraine upon the orders of Vladimir Putin in the early hours of Thursday morning. England's Football Association confirmed on Sunday that "out of solidarity with" Ukraine they will refuse to play against Russia "in any international fixtures for the foreseeable future". The statement added: "This includes any potential match at any level of senior age group or para football." Poland, the Czech Republic and Sweden are other countries to confirm that they will refuse to play Russia after their invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. And world football's governing body FIFA have now issued a statement of their own, imposing several sanctions on the country's national football team. They confirmed that talks will take place with sporting organisations across the globe as to whether or not Russia should now be expelled from all competitions they are competing in. "FIFA would like to reiterate its condemnation of the use of force by Russia in its invasion of Ukraine," FIFA said in a statement on Sunday. "Violence is never a solution and FIFA expresses its deepest solidarity to all people affected by what is happening in Ukraine. "FIFA will continue its ongoing dialogue with the International Olympic Committee, UEFA and other sport organisations to determine any additional measures or sanctions, including a potential exclusion from competitions, that shall be applied in the near future should the situation not be improving rapidly. "FIFA's thoughts remain with everybody affected by this shocking and worrying situation." The World Cup play-offs are due to see Russia face Poland in March and if Russia win they would face the Czech Republic or Sweden in the final. The president of Poland's Football Association, Cezary Kulesza, declared his country will not be taking on the Russians next month however. He wrote on Twitter: "No more words, time to act! Due to the escalation of the aggression of the Russian Federation towards Ukraine the Polish national team does not intend to play the play-off match against Russia. "This is the only right decision. We are in talks with Swedish and Czech association to bring forward a joint statement to FIFA." Poland captain and Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski added: "It is the right decision! I can't imagine playing a match with the Russian National Team in a situation when armed aggression in Ukraine continues. "Russian footballers and fans are not responsible for this, but we can't pretend that nothing is happening." Juventus goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny, formerly of Arsenal, also strongly supports the decision of Poland to boycott the fixture. He wrote on Instagram: "The moment [Vladimir] Putin decided to invade Ukraine he declared war not only on Ukraine but also on all the values Europe stands for … "Although my heart breaks while writing this, my conscience will not let me play … "I refuse to play against players who represent the values and principles of Russia!" 