Antonio Conte and Pep Guardiola have rallied around Marcelo Bielsa following his exit from Leeds United. Leeds sacked Bielsa on Sunday with the club sitting 16th in the Premier League table. Former RB Leipzig boss Jesse Marsch looks set to replace the Argentine at Elland Road. Leeds have lost five of their last six matches in the Premier League. Their leaky defence has proved to be a huge problem of late, seeing them concede 21 goals in those six games. Bielsa had been without star striker Patrick Bamford for much of the season, with Kalvin Phillips and club captain Liam Cooper also missing big chunks of the campaign through injury. But club chiefs decided Saturday's 4-0 loss at home to Tottenham was the last straw for Bielsa. JUST IN: Liverpool 'very carefully' consider signing star Klopp says is 'one of the most exciting'  Conte and Guardiola have been vocal in their admiration for Bielsa in the past. And Conte revealed he was upset when he saw the news of his sacking on Sunday. When asked his reaction to Bielsa's departure, the Tottenham boss said: "I'm very disappointed. "I'm very disappointed because we are talking about an important manager and we are talking about a person who is a master for many managers, for many coaches. In the past and in the present. DON'T MISSArsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in Carabao Cup final [OPINION]Man Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba [REPORT]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION]  "I think yesterday when I read the news it's news that hurt me because we are talking a little about not only a manager with a great idea of football and a vision of football, and taught a lot to other people, especially people who do this job, but at the same time I have great respect for him as a person, as a man. "In every situation he showed great integrity." Manchester City boss Guardiola also paid tribute to the work Bielsa did during his time at Leeds, claiming there were some "spectacular" moments during his tenure. Guardiola said: "Well I'm so sorry for him. His legacy is there in the Leeds city, in the club, and I'm pretty sure in the players.  "His influence I know is massive. Unfortunately the managers are subject to results and lately it was not good. "But the games he has played for three or four seasons in Leeds was spectacular to watch and of course I wish him all the best in the future. "It's a loss to Leeds especially and of course his players. "As a person he's not different to anyone who is close to him but results dictate our future." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 