Sunnier, brighter days are ahead and many green-thumbed Britons might be preparing for spring gardening. However, as the housing market continues to experience a boom, one expert has warned Britons to think twice about certain garden features. According to Samantha Richards from Gazeboshop: "Certain garden changes can land sellers in tricky negotiations if their actions have devalued their homes." In fact, certain features could knock as much as £23,500 off the initial cost of your house. Which gardening changes should you be wary of? Japanese knotweed is a perennial weed which produces tall canes in the summer months. Though it dies off in the winter, once warmer days arise, these bamboo-like stems begin to emerge and suppress all other plant growth. Ms Richards said: "Plants like Japanese knotweed, Rhododendron Ponitcum, and Green Alkanet grow at a rapid pace, meaning they can be difficult to get rid of later down the line and potentially cause structural damage if planted near your home or a wall. "With removal costing up to £5,000, this can be a costly addition to your garden." This is why it is vital you understand the characteristics of what you are planting before doing so. Ms Richards added: "Invasive and quick-growing species of plants and shrubs may be difficult to get rid of and can be costly. "Japanese Knotweed is an obvious one, but other species such as Rhododendron Ponticum and Green Alkanet can also devalue a home." READ MORE: Interior designer on ‘depressing’ paint colours to avoid Water features might seem as though they add a touch of romance to your garden, but these costly additions are not necessarily to everyone's taste. Ms Richards said: "While water features can add aesthetic appeal, the primary reason for a homeowner to install a large water feature is for their personal enjoyment. "For buyers, a feature such as a Koi pond has significant ongoing costs including water, chemicals, electric, and fish food. "Depending on their size, it is estimated that water features can knock up to £8,000 off an asking price." DON'T MISSHow to help wisteria thrive: Essential care tips for spring blooms [INSIGHT]Spring gardening: 5 flowers to sow next week [EXPLAINER]Peace lily care: How to tell if you are 'overwatering' your plant [COMMENT] Artificial grass can be useful, reducing the need for mowing and heavy maintenance. However, for some people, this is a turnoff. Ms Richards said: "Families with younger children or pets may find artificial grass useful, but for others, it is seen as a nuisance which they would rather have removed. "Removing this grass can be costly, with the labour costs alone estimated to be £300 to £500 per day." Although you are likely removing garden furniture when you sell a property, staging the garden to show its "potential" is "key", according to the expert. Many buyers want to purchase a property without having to do much to the outside. Ms Richards explained: "Staging the garden correctly is crucial if sellers want to get as close as possible to their asking price, therefore upcycling old garden furniture or investing in timeless garden sets is key before placing it on the market. As well as ensuring your garden isn't home to high-maintenance or invasive plants, choosing the right flowers could also do wonders to boost property appeal. Ms Richards said: “A sparse garden can knock money off an asking price as potential buyers look for well-kept gardens as part of an overall package. "Garden owners should consider the plants they choose wisely. "Selecting plants that all centre around one season can be damaging if the homeowner tries to shift their house on the market at a different time of the year." Instead, she recommends having a mixture of shrubs and trees, with perennials that respond well to deadheading will ensure months of colour.