The emperor of all procedurals, Law and Order is expected to make its highly anticipated comeback to NBC this year. After releasing the trailer for the show’s 21st season, viewers spotted new faces as well as the return of a fan-favourite.  After the original Law and Order first premiered in 1990, it dominated daytime television and quickly gained popularity as well as viewers across the globe. The series also garnered recognition from a number of award shows and has been nominated for a whopping 50 Emmys. Although Law and Order received the award for Outstanding Drama Series in 1997, the drama came to an end in 2010. This came after it was suddenly and unexpectedly cancelled by NBC, despite Executive producer Dick Wolf’s best efforts to keep the show going. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? However, after 12 years Law and Order is officially returning to NBC almost after three decades since it landed on screens. Although some of its loyal fans were concerned about the potential changes, producer Rick Eid revealed there would only be “tonal changes” because “the world is different.” Thankfully for fans, according to a news release on Wolf Entertainment: “Season 21 will continue where the show left off in 2010. They added: “With the classic format that explores two separate, yet equally important groups: ‘the police who investigate crimes and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders’.” Throughout the trailer a number of new faces were spotted, this included Jeffrey Donovan as Detective Frank Cosgrove, Hugh Dancy will play Senior prosecutorial assistant Nathan Price. Odelya Halevi will take on the role of Samantha Maroun, the Assistant district attorney. Viewers were also quick to spot familiar faces throughout the teaser trailer which featured Anthony Anderson reviving his role as Detective Kevin Bernard. As well as Sam Waterson made his comeback as the iconic District Attorney, Jack McCoy who was prominently featured throughout. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss reacts to beloved character exit 'Right choice' [REACTION]Why did Jill Hennessy leave Law and Order as Claire Kincaid? [INSIGHT]Why did Paul Sorvino leave Law and Order as Phil Cerreta? [INSIGHT] The release of the trailer caused a major frenzy on social media, with fans sharing their excitement about Law and Order’s return. Taking to Twitter, Carissa5419 wrote: “OMG I’ve missed this! Best show with the best writers/directors in prime time.” BeverleyWendlin1 added: “I am thrilled L&O is coming back...always one of my favourite shows! Welcome back :).” Revandreacurry shared: “You guys! The original @lawandordertv is coming back! with Jack McCoy - I mean my life just got ten times better.” Nightmodevon tweeted: “I watched law & order as a kid and teen I can't believe I'm back to it with HUGH DANCY and Sam Waterston it's been so long.” As Bonirisch put: “Counting down the days until #LawAndOrder premieres!!! I’ve missed the mothership!” Star Anderson dropped a major tease about the upcoming season during a chat with People and revealed the relationship between the police department and prosecutors will be more central. The actor added, Law and Order would also examine the relationship between law enforcement and the community in light of the Black Lives Matter movement. Law and Order season 21 premieres on NBC in the USA on Thursday, February 24. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 