President Putin has reportedly ordered the infamous Wagner group to assassinate Ukraine’s President Zelenskyy as part of his plan to take over Ukraine. The hardcore militia were reportedly appointed by the Russian dictator in late 2021 - but who are they? The Wagner group are a private militia that are thought to be owned by one of President Putin’s closest allies. Although technically a private militia, they are heavily linked with the Russian Government, and are supposedly owned by Yevgeny Prigozhin, an oligarch known as Putin’s “chef” due to his dining empire. The company is believed to be registered in Argentina and has offices in St Petersburg and Hong Kong, but this is unconfirmed.  READ MORE: Putin oil empire imploding: Shell joins BP in cutting ties with Russia The group are no strangers to Ukraine, having also been allegedly responsible for trouble in eastern Ukraine in 2014. They have also conducted covert operations across Africa and the Middle East. It has been estimated that between 2,000 and 4,000 mercenaries arrived in Ukraine in January. In addition to President Zelenskyy, their hit list contains 23 other figures, including the prime minister, the cabinet, the mayor of Kyiv, Vitali Klitschko and his brother Wladimir, both of whom have joined the military fight against the Russians. President Zelensky said in a an address to the nation last week that he was “target number one” for Russian special forces. It is not known if he was referring directly to the Wagner group. General Sir Richard Barrons, a former commander of Joint Forces Command, said: “They are very effective because they are hard to pin down. “They can appear from the shadows, do very violent things and then disappear again, without it being obvious who was responsible.  DON'T MISSPutin sends over 400 mercenaries to take out Zelenskyy and Klitschkos [INSIGHT]How far will a nuclear blast reach? What happens if Putin attacks Kyiv [ANALYSIS]Russia biggest threats: The 9 war machines Russia has at its disposal [EXPLAINER] “They are not directly linked to the Russian government and therefore they are plausibly deniable.” Some sources have said the Wagner group were instructed in December, several months before President Putin made his invasion plans public. However, some observers believe the shady group are not actually a private militia, but a disguised branch of the Russian MOD that reports to the Government. Others have said the group’s existence is yet to be plausibly proved, and they could be a tool of Russian propaganda.