The Ukrainian caller explained that her relatives who live in Russia thought it was great that Vladimir Putin was coming to invade Ukraine, in order to free the people from Ukrainian President Zelensky. Caller Lana explained why so many believed the lies they were told, and the mental confusion that came when they realised their relatives were actually suffering in bomb shelters due to Russia attacking them. Russian state-owned RT News has been sanctioned by Europe and will no longer be broadcast in certain European countries due to Putin pushing forward with his invasion of neighboring Ukraine last week. The Ukrainian caller said: "On the first day of the war they contacted me, on the 24th of February. "They contacted my parents, they contacted me, via Viber they said 'oh Lana finally we're going to save our Ukrainian family, Russians are coming to save you.' I said what are you talking about?'" LBC host James O'Brien said: "This is your grandparents who are in Russia? So they're swallowing the propaganda line that's coming from the Kremlin." Lana said: "Yes, absolutely, and they said your President Zelensky what they're doing is killing people since 2014 and Ukraine wants to join Russia, I said Please stop believing in propaganda! JUST IN: Ukraine invasion: Liz Truss urges NATO to boost defence spending - ‘Doing all we can’     "I mean, no, I was upset but last night he contacted me." Mr O'Brien said: "Your grandfather contacted you?" The Ukrainian caller said: "Yes my grandfather contacted me last night and my uncle is basically from Russia saying that we lost contact with our Ukrainian family, what is going on there I said what is going on? War is going on." "Russians are bombing our towns and cities and I said do you know where they are now? They are in a shelter with a little boy.  READ MORE: Former Miss Ukraine begins training to fight Russian soldiers – ‘Go straight to h**l'     Lana added: "With no food, no electricity, why? Because you're bombing us. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries sent a letter to Ofcom which read: “It is essential that the UK looks to limit Russia’s ability to spread their propaganda at home." She said RT is "demonstrably part of Russia’s global disinformation campaign” and noted that the channel would “look to spread harmful disinformation about the ongoing crisis in Ukraine here in the UK”  