The latest season of NCIS is still on its hiatus, but a new episode will finally hit screens by the end of February. Plus, the franchise will expand even further with a new spin-off, NCIS: Sydney, also in the works for Paramount Plus Australia. As CBS viewers wait on the edge of their seats for the fateful Monday night, a revealing look at another upcoming episode has teased a dangerous new role for Director Vance (played by Rocky Carroll). Vance is joining Agent Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) for a high-stakes mission in an upcoming episode of NCIS. His risky new role on the team could spell trouble for the NCIS boss and, more importantly, his daughter. A first-look snap at episode 14, First Steps, has finally given fans their first look at what’s in store once season 19 gets back underway. CBS’ most popular primetime drama is currently waiting for the Winter Olympics to come to an end before the iconic taskforce gets back on track. READ MORE: Laura Main husband: Is the Call The Midwife actress married? Thankfully, fans won’t have too long to wait until NCIS is back for regularly scheduled new episodes on Monday nights. Until then, the new still from the upcoming episode has teased a thrilling new mission for Torres and Vance. After episode 13, The Helpers, the following Monday will see Vance enter the field for one of the first times in his 15-year stint on the series. An official synopsis reads: “As NCIS investigates the cause of death of a reservist Navy SEAL surgeon, they're forced to bring Vance's daughter to help with a highly dangerous mission.” The latest season from NCIS’ 19th season features Vance and Torres peering around a corner, clutching handguns and looking deadly serious. With Vance’s daughter Kayla (Naomi Grace) in the mix, the NCIS director is about to embark on his most personal mission yet. Thankfully, Kayla has also received some level of NCIS training, so she’ll be more than capable of handling herself. Even so, the series has no trouble killing off beloved family members of the main characters, as demonstrated by the unexpected death of Tobias Fornell’s (Joe Spano) daughter last season. DON'T MISS:Discovery of Witches creator sends tribute to writer [COMMENT]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star issues warning after scam [UPDATE]The Marvelous Mrs Maisel to end after five seasons [LATEST] Although he’s rarely seen outside of the office, Vance also knows a thing or two about working in the field. Hopefully, the director and his daughter escape from this upcoming mission unscathed, though nothing is ever certain with NCIS. In the meantime, viewers have also been given their first taste at the next episode coming at the end of February, which will feature the exciting return of Breena Palmer (Michelle Pierce) after several years. Breena died off-screen last year after contracting COVID-19 but actor Pierce has been confirmed for a guest spot, presumably via flashbacks, in the upcoming instalment. The synopsis reads: “While investigating the death of an intruder at Quantico, Jimmy and Kasie are exposed to a deadly biotoxin, and the NCIS team calls on Doctor Carol Wilson (Meredith Eaton) for help as they race to find the antidote. “Also, Torres tries to distract Jimmy’s daughter, who came to the office to spend the day with her dad.” It looks like the next couple of episodes will be keeping it close to the family as Dr Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) also has trouble balancing his work and home life. While fans still have a little longer to wait to see the return of NCIS, there is plenty more in the pipeline to look forward to, including the first-ever crossover with the new spin-off, NCIS: Hawaii. NCIS season 19 continues Monday, February 28 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.