Universal Credit is issued to people who are out of work, unable to work, or who are on a low income. It can make a huge difference to the everyday lives of millions of people across the country. But at the same time, many will be looking for an additional boost to help them make ends meet, or progress towards certain goals. This is where the Help to Save account can come in and prove particularly useful. The account allows certain people receiving Universal Credit to secure a bonus from the Government simply for putting money away. Under the scheme, Britons will get a bonus of 50p for every £1 they save over the course of four years. READ MORE: Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 Additionally, the account is backed by the Government, meaning all savings are safe and secure. Individuals will be able to save between £1 and £50 into the account each calendar month. However, it is worth noting they will not need to pay in money every month if they do not want to, or do not have the capacity. Britons will be able to pay money into their account in a number of ways, such as by debit card, standing order or bank transfer. DON'T MISSFree bus pass warning as millions to miss out for years [INSIGHT]Pensioner, 77, furious as state pension frozen due to location [LATEST]Martin Lewis explains how you can secure £150 off council tax bills [UPDATE] But money can only be withdrawn from this account into a person’s bank account. The tax-free bonuses for saving will kick in at the end of the second and fourth years of people saving. Individuals will get any bonuses they have earned, even if they withdraw the money from their account. After the first two years, if a person saves, their bonus will be 50 percent of the highest balance they have put away. After four years, there will be a final bonus, 50 percent of the difference between two amounts: The Government explains: “The most you can pay into your account each calendar month is £50, which is £2,400 over four years. “The most you can earn from your savings in four years is £1,200 in bonus money.” Bonuses are paid into a person’s bank account, rather than their Help to Save account. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For Universal Credit claimants to be eligible, they must fulfil certain criteria. They must have earned £617.73 or more from paid work in their last monthly assessment period. Those receiving Working Tax Credit may also be able to open a Help to Save account. To apply, claimants will need a Government Gateway user ID and password to log into the Government’s website. They will also be asked to provide their UK bank details when making an application. Those who do not have a user ID can create one when they first apply.