Arsenal want to sign Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix, according to reports. Felix became one of the most expensive players of all time when he joined Atletico from Benfica in 2019 for a fee of around £105million. But it appears the 22-year-old could be coming towards the end of his spell in Madrid if his manager has his way. Arsenal are in the market for at least one forward this summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are out of contract at the end of the season and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has already departed for Barcelona. Felix is not an out-and-out No 9 but can play anywhere across the frontline. He has struggled to live up to his billing since his mega-money move to the Wanda Metropolitano. JUST IN: Man Utd star Ronaldo warned of Atletico reaction - 'It's impossible to like him'  This season Felix has just three goals to his name in La Liga, starting just seven of his 17 appearances. The return of Antoine Griezmann has limited the 22-year-old's game time under Diego Simeone. And Simeone is seemingly keen to move Felix on this summer. Spanish journalist Eduardo Inda claims Simeone has already identified the player he wants to bring in to replace Felix. DON'T MISSMan Utd expected XI vs Atletico Madrid as Ralf Rangnick eyes four changes [TEAM NEWS]Man Utd have five managers on shortlist to replace Rangnick including favoured trio [REPORT]Gary Lineker's transfer message to Leicester over Lille star hijacked by Alan Shearer [SOCIAL]  Valencia winger Goncalo Guedes is a target for the Argentine manager. Inda says Arsenal want to sign Felix but claims Atletico will struggle to get anywhere near what they paid for him three years ago. “Joao Felix is a very good player. Arsenal want him,” Inda told El Chiringuito. “Simeone, if he continues, wants to bring in Guedes. His objective is to change Joao Felix for Guedes.  “The problem Atletico have is that he cost €120m, and getting him back is something that can only be done if he is sold to the Premier League.” Felix and Simeone were recently embroiled in a spat following comments the forward made about Atletico's struggles. Atletico have dropped to fifth in La Liga and suffered a shock defeat at home to bottom side Levante last week. Speaking to The Athletic recently, Felix said: "I think we all know what the problem is [with the team], I don't want to say though."  Simeone was asked about those comments and claimed it would be good if Felix told him what the issue was. "About what Joao said, you can ask him," Simeone said. "I work according to the team. If he is clear about what the problem is, it would be good to know."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here