Space Force returned to Netflix for a second instalment and while the comedy remained unparalleled, fans were left disappointed. The show, led by Steve Carrell, received a ton of backlash with many viewers angered as they claimed the series was too short.  Steve Carrell returned for another instalment of the workplace comedy but this time as General Mark R. Naird, Chief of Space Operations for the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces. The series followed him and a team of people as they attempted to get “the boots on the moon”, by 2024 as instructed by POTUS. In the first season, viewers gained insight into Mark’s personal life as he had to relocate his wife Maggie (Lisa Kudrow) and daughter Erin (Diana Silvers) from Washington to Colorado, much to their dismay. However, things took an unexpected turn when Maggie mysteriously landed herself a 40-year prison bid.  READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene As the season progressed in the second instalment, fans got to see the characters evolve and become a work-family ready to take on whatever the Government threw at them. Although the series began to take shape, viewers couldn’t help but notice season two was a lot shorter than the first. The Netflix streamers took to Reddit expressed their anguish about the series’ length on Reddit as DrixxyBoat posted: “The season was much too short and went by way too fast. “I honestly wish the plot was taken a bit more seriously, as nothing really happened this season.”  The user added: “What makes this show so enjoyable for me though, is hands-down the chemistry of the cast.” GoldynEmporor agreed: “Loved the second season I thought making comedy the forefront made it more enjoyable, but it was way too short.” As SirGreenLemon fumed: “7 Episodes? Are you serious Netflix? At this point, they might just start releasing entire seasons as TikTok shorts. “Nothing happened in this season, it could easily have been part of the first one.”  DON'T MISS...Will there be another series of Death In Paradise? [INSIGHT]Space Force season 3 release: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]Space Force season 2 Netflix release date: Will there be another one? [INSIGHT] They continued: “The first part of this season was used to wrap up season one and the second part was used to set up the next season. So basically, there was no season at all, it's better than nothing but I expected more.” Despite the backlash, other fans, including loveparamore, were pleased and shared: “Enjoyed this season a lot more than the first one, it feels like the show is starting to find its footing.” Darthvall added: “I laughed more this time. I also like some of the individual story, especially Erin's plot and the scene with Lt. Lancaster.” Although season two came to an end, the major mystery of why Maggie landed herself in prison in the first instalment was left unanswered.  While arrested in the pilot episode and spent the majority of season one in prison, there were only hints and references made to what her crime could’ve been. General Mark Naird (Steve Carell) stated Maggie had committed a “very serious crime,” and once specified her sentence was 40-60 years. Viewers also noted whenever she would tell someone the story of what happened, it would cut to the next scene. However, Redditor idmpotent-alpapca suggested: “I was convinced it was some financial fraud and that's why Naird was not happy with Erin getting into the stock market.” Space Force seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix. 