The BBC Sunday Morning presenter suggested David Lammy is likely to be "relieved" the UK continues to have a nuclear deterrent now Russia has taken on an incredibly hostile stance. Sophie Raworth cited Mr Lammy's voting record to point out he had previously voted against Britain maintaining nuclear weapons. Ms Raworth said: "You voted against the UK having a nuclear deterrent in 2016. "You must be relieved now we have one." Mr Lammy said: "I think that was about an increase in the nuclear deterrent. "None of us want to see nuclear weapons used. "We should not use the phrase lightly but, of course, Britain must do all it can with its NATO allies to stand up to Vladimir Putin's threats." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG In 2016, David Lammy voted against replacing four Trident nuclear missile submarines. A year earlier, he rejected proposals to renew the Trident system, however, he continuously backed plans to maintain a minimum strategic nuclear deterrent. The shadow Foreign Secretary on Sunday called on the Government to agree on further sanctions against Russia to target insurance companies, luxury goods exports and further banks. The UK on Saturday reached an agreement with the European Union and the United States to cut Moscow off the Swift banking system in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin abandoned by his OWN team as president's power play backfires spectacularly And as frustration is reported to be mounting in Russia due to failure to secure a significant takeover so far, Liz Truss warned Moscow could revert to "unsavoury means" to snatch a victory. Speaking to Sky News, Ms Truss said: "This could well be the beginning of the end for Putin. I fear that he is prepared to use the most unsavoury means in this war," she told Sky News. "He should be aware the International Criminal Court is already looking at what is happening in Ukraine. There will be serious consequences for him and for the Russian Government." She added: "I fear this conflict could be very, very bloody. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUEJoe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ Journalist blasted for 'anti-Brexit flag flying' in commentary "I urge the Russians not to escalate this conflict but we do need to be prepared for Russia to seek to use even worse weapons. I think it would be hugely devastating. "We need to avoid this at all costs. This is why it is so important, the work we are doing to degrade the Russian military complex." Russia has renewed its attack on Kyiv throughout Sunday night, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy conceding the evening had been "brutal." Mr Zelenskyy however said Ukrainian troops had maintained control over the capital despite the repeated attacks.