Martin Lewis was back on the airwaves alongside BBC Radio 5Live presenter Nihal Arthanyake this afternoon, discussing a wide range of money topics. The Money Saving Expert touched upon tax codes, which can often be overlooked but are central to how much a person pays to HMRC. Martin explained: “There are 12million tax codes currently being sent out by HMRC via letters and emails to those on payrolls or who receive a pension. “While this looks like an innocuous set of letters and numbers, your tax code is crucially important and millions of them are hit by errors every year. “Legally, it is your responsibility to check your tax code is right, and sadly it is your problem if it is wrong. “It isn’t your employer’s responsibility, or the payroll department at your company, or HMRC. READ MORE: State pension payments confirmed to rise this year “If there are any errors where you are underpaying or overpaying tax, it all boils down to you.” Tax codes can be incredibly complicated, and for this reason some will find them difficult to understand. However, Martin stressed the key is to look at the numbers and letters which form a person’s tax code. In certain circumstances, a tax code will start with a letter, and this will either be S or C. DON'T MISSWoman shares 'best thing she did' as pension could fall £143,000 short [EXCLUSIVE]Britons could slash inheritance tax bill - take action this tax year [ANALYSIS]Pension alert as families may face 'significant tax charge' [INSIGHT] S is representative of Scotland, while C represents Cymru - Wales, to show people here their tax jurisdiction. Most other tax codes will begin with a series of numbers, but there are common patterns to look out for. Martin cited an example of the most common tax code - 1257L - explaining what it means. If a person adds a zero onto the end of the number, they will get 12,570. In Great British Pounds, this is a typical Personal Allowance, the amount a person can earn tax-free. Letters can also differ, but having an L on the end usually means a person’s tax circumstances are run of the mill. But how can a person check whether their tax code is right or wrong? Martin explained: “There are free tax code calculators online, where you put in your income and tax code. “It says whether they look like they match up or don’t, and if they don’t they will ask you about whether a number of things have happened to you. “If they haven’t, then your tax code may be wrong.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Martin relayed the story of one individual who wrote in to offer their thanks for the tax code guidance. The person said: “Thank you for your advice to check your tax code. I did, and I discovered I was being taxed on every penny I earned, without any allowances. “I’d previously been self-employed but stopped trading three years ago and my tax code had not been updated since. “It took an hour on the phone to HMRC but I’ve now been refunded £9,400.” After hearing Martin’s guidance, another person decided to take action only this morning. They were able to secure a rebate worth £460 in just five minutes.