The President of the European Commission, 63, has outlined a fresh wave of sanctions against Putin following a series of attacks which took place in the early hours of Thursday morning. She stated the new sanctions show a “united” European Union as the union implements severe sanctions, including targeting 70 percent of Russian banking.     She placed her confidence that the five point plan outline will “hold the Kremlin accountable”. DON'T MISSZelenskyy warns Russian 'enemy sabotage groups' have entered Kiev [REVEAL]Victory for Ukraine as troops halt Russian advance at Chernihiv [INSIGHT]BBC QT: 'Has history taught us nothing?' Audience member slams UK[UPDATE]  She told reporters: “Today's events are a watershed moment for Europe. Bombs are falling on innocent women, men and children. “They fear for their lives and many are dying. All of this happens in 2022 in the very heart of Europe. “President Putin chose to bring back war to Europe. “This is a fully fledged invasion into Ukraine and this fundamentally puts into question our peace order.”   This comes as Boris Johnson unveiled the “largest ever” set of sanctions, including freezing the assets of all major Russian banks and banning hi-tech exports. The UK Prime Minister has said it is time to “squeeze Russia from the global economy, piece by piece”. He told MPs: “Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. “He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands.” The 57-year-old Premier outlined a 10 point set of sanctions which were taken immediately in the wake of the attack.    These include freezing assets of all major Russian banks in the UK, including VTB, the country’s second largest bank with assets totalling £154 billion. Individual sanctions will be imposed on over 120 individuals, entities and subsidiaries, including Rostec, the country’s biggest defence company, which exports £10 billion in arms a year. Across the pond, Joe Biden revealed similar sanctions on the Kremlin. Speaking from the White House on Thursday, the 46th President stated the US will restrict four large Russian banks including VTB and SberBank, additional Russian elites. Mr Biden also announced restrictions on Russia's sovereign debt to state-owned enterprises, which are companies whose assets exceed $1.4 trillion, in hopes of stopping them from raising money.  