Chelsea could be ruing their decision to sell Tammy Abraham to Roma last summer after the England international notched his 19th goal of the season on Sunday. Abraham moved to Italy to link-up with former Blues boss Jose Mourinho after 15 years at Stamford Bridge. Roma stumped up £34million to prise Abraham away from west London – and the forward has cemented his place as a key part of Mourinho’s side. His encouraging start in the Italian capital led to an England recall last October and the star’s output has only increased during the last two-and-a-half months. Since mid-December, the 24-year-old has struck 11 goals in 14 games. And he showed Chelsea what they are missing yet again at the weekend as he scored from the penalty spot nine minutes into stoppage time to hand Roma a 1-0 Serie A victory over Spezia. Abraham gave home goalkeeper Ivan Provedel no chance with the spot kick at the Alberto Picco Stadium as he thumped the ball into the bottom corner. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel takes 'blame' as Chelsea lose Carabao Cup final  Following his match-winning endeavours, the striker took to social media to celebrate his side’s victory. “Are you not entertained,” wrote the player. “Better late than never. 3 punti importante.” Abraham’s post received plenty of interaction, with the likes of Chris Smalling, Bukayo Saka and Anthony Elanga replying. And the player’s former Chelsea team-mate Reece James posted a cheeky response of his own. DON'T MISS Neville's 'not good enough' Chelsea warning adds fresh Haaland twist Chelsea's trustees 'yet to accept Abramovich offer' as concerns emerge Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea on pens     “Same sh*t different day,” wrote the England right-back. Abraham racked-up 30 goals in 82 games during his time at Stamford Bridge and also enjoyed productive loan spells with Aston Villa, Swansea City and Bristol City. The ace was a regular in the Premier League under Frank Lampard but fell out of favour when Thomas Tuchel took charge last January. And he was deemed surplus to requirements last summer as the German prepared for his first full season at the helm.   Tuchel instead turned his attentions to Romelu Lukaku as Chelsea shelled out a club record £97.5m to sign the striker from Inter Milan. But the Belgium international has suffered a torrid time since returning to west London for a second spell and has found the back of the net just six times in his last 25 games for the club. Alarm bells could be ringing for Tuchel and he will be under pressure to get the best out of Lukaku in the upcoming months. And the former Paris Saint-Germain boss may well be thinking he should have just stuck with Abraham after all.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here