As the tax year end approaches, many people will be wondering what is the best way to get the most out of their savings. Pensions account for a huge proportion of wealth in Britain, sitting at 42 percent according to the latest research by the Office for National Statistics, while savings and investments make up just 13 percent. It appears the number of people in the UK contributing into a personal pension has risen dramatically in the last decade. Since employees began to be automatically enrolled into workplace pensions in 2012, the proportion of private sector workers with a pension has grown from 42 percent to 86 percent. Both pensions and investment ISAs offer potential long-term, tax-efficient savings, and Jason Hollands, managing director at Bestinvest, discussed the different benefits each option provides. Annual allowances cap the amount someone can save in a year without being hit with a tax charge. It stands at £20,000 for ISAs, and for most people the gross annual pensions allowance is £40,000, which includes tax relief. The numbers suggest that pensions may offer an advantage over ISAs in terms of tax benefits. Bestinvest suggests that contributing to personal pensions may offer tax benefits which are substantial and increase with earnings. Tax relief provided on pension contributions means that if a basic-rate taxpayer contributes £800, the Government would pay in an extra £200. This would represent a 25 percent boost to someone’s pension pot. Mr Hollands explained how higher-rate taxpayers can receive “even greater benefits” from pension saving. He said: “Alongside the basic rate top-up, they can obtain a reduction on their tax bill for the year so that total tax relief is at their marginal rate of 40 percent or 45 percent. “For someone paying tax at the 40 percent band, this obtains them a £10,000 gross pension investment for a net cost of £6,000 after tax relief, and for a 45 percent taxpayer the net cost is £5,500.” In comparison, Bestinvest said ISAs may be less desirable as there is no Government top up available. However, no tax is payable on either income or capital gains when ISAs are accessed, which is not true of pensions. Although they may not offer as many tax benefits, Bestinvest said that ISAs do offer an advantage over pensions in terms of accessibility. Mr Hollands explained: “Pension pots cannot be accessed until age 55 (set to rise to 57), and this is why for most people pensions are best reserved for their intended purpose – a retirement fund. “Meanwhile, ISAs can be accessed any time, with no tax on withdrawals, so are more suited to medium-term goals like paying off mortgage, education fees, wedding costs, a dream holiday or a rainy-day fund.” For older savers, the restricted access to their pension may not be as much of an obstacle, as they are nearer to retirement. For younger people, the flexibility of an ISA may be attractive.