In summer months, the majority of the population will get enough vitamin D through exposure to sunlight and a healthy, balanced diet. Between October and early March, however, the NHS says we do not make enough vitamin D from sunlight, so you need to get vitamin D from your diet. With more people staying indoors during the pandemic, some may have been deprived of vitamin D.  If you or someone you care for is in a higher risk group they may need to take vitamin D supplements. You can take vitamin D supplements as tablets, liquid or a spray, and they can be bought in a pharmacy. Dietary vitamin D is available in foods such as oily fish, cod liver oil, red meat, fortified cereals, fortified spreads and egg yolks. Over-supplementation of vitamin D can be harmful and should be avoided, and there are a number of warning signs to be aware of. READ MORE: How often do you shower? You could be weakening your immune system warns researchers  The NHS says taking too many vitamin D supplements over a long period of time can cause too much calcium to build up in the body which can weaken the bones and damage the kidneys and the heart. If you exceed the upper limit it can lead to feelings of nausea. Other signs you have taken too much include vomiting, muscle weakness, and loss of appetite. The Mayo Clinic says: “Vitamin D toxicity, also called hypervitaminosis D, is a rare but potentially serious condition that occurs when you have excessive amounts of vitamin D in your body. “Vitamin D toxicity is usually caused by large doses of vitamin D supplements — not by diet or sun exposure. That's because your body regulates the amount of vitamin D produced by sun exposure, and even fortified foods don't contain large amounts of vitamin D.”  The organisation says the main consequence of vitamin D toxicity is a buildup of calcium in your blood (hypercalcemia), which can cause nausea and vomiting, weakness, and frequent urination. It adds: “Vitamin D toxicity might progress to bone pain and kidney problems, such as the formation of calcium stones.” The Cleveland Clinic says: “Do not take higher-than-recommended doses of vitamin D without first discussing it with your doctor. “However, your doctor might recommend higher doses of vitamin D if he or she is checking your blood levels and adjusting your dose accordingly.  “Also, be cautious about getting large doses of vitamin A along with the D in some fish oils. Vitamin A can also reach toxic levels and can cause serious problems.” There are also risks to a deficiency. The NHS says a lack of vitamin D can lead to bone deformities such as rickets in children, and bone pain caused by a condition called osteomalacia in adults. It adds: “There have been some reports about vitamin D reducing the risk of coronavirus (COVID-19). “But there is currently not enough evidence to support taking vitamin D solely to prevent or treat COVID-19.”  It explains: “If you choose to take vitamin D supplements, 10 micrograms a day will be enough for most people.” Falling short of the required amount could weaken immune defences, but if low levels are left untreated, discomfort may also arise. The Mayo Clinic suggests: “As always, talk to your doctor before taking vitamin and mineral supplements.” 