Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William have taken on an increasingly leading role in recent years, cementing their position as the future king and queen. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have stepped up since the start of the health crisis in 2020 as the Queen was forced to take a step back from public duties. And they have begun to make their mark with a new strategy to help modernise the Royal Family in preparation for their future role, according to commentator Charlie Lankston. Speaking to Access, Ms Lankston said: "William and Kate are already not acting as though they are already the leaders of the monarchy but they are taking on a huge amount of responsibility, not just in terms of public engagements but also in terms of the way in which the monarchy is run. "They are making small but very important changes, opening up the monarchy to a more modern point of view, not perhaps in a way is noticeable every single day. "But bit by bit they have helped the monarchy to evolve, to embrace new traditions, and to maintain the important heritage of the past while saying, 'a few of the things that we used to do are seen to be very stuffy.' "They are very stuffy, here's ways we can maintain the tradition behind these things without making it appear as though we're completely ignorant to what the rest of the world is doing and how they're living." JUST IN: ‘Ridiculing them’ Harry and Meghan fans slam parade float where prince comes out of TOILET The couple have been praised for their hard work and for bringing a "real relevance" among younger generations of Britons. Royal commentator Emily Nash said: "I think William and Kate have brought a real relevance to the monarchy. "They are young, they're very good-looking, Kate's certainly injected quite a lot of glamour. "But more importantly perhaps, they're working on subjects that are very relevant to the younger generation at the moment. READ MORE: 'Ridiculous!' US co-hosts on The View blasted for 'tone-deaf' remarks on the Queen "So in their charity work, they're focusing on things like mental health, wildlife conservation, and even things like cyber-bullying which is a real modern-day issue." The couple have notably been heavily engaged in campaigns promoting better dialogue on mental well-being through their Better Up campaign. And the Duchess of Cambridge carved a pivotal role for herself in research into the early years with her The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. The project will help push for more awareness of new research into the impact of the early years. DON'T MISS: Princess Beatrice: Royal lost weight after ‘trauma’ [REVEALED] Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' [REPORT] 'The future Queen': Kate Middleton 'pulls off' what nobody else can [LATEST] The Duchess last week embarked on a two-day fact-finding mission to Denmark with the Centre. During a visit to the Children's Museum in Copenhagen, Kate heard about new research from the Understanding Your Baby project used to train health visitors on how to provide support to new parents to interpret their baby's behavioral clues. As she chatted away with her hosts, the Duchess said: "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'let's have another one'."