Strictly Come Dancing star Oti Mabuse today announced she would be leaving the show, much to the disappointment of her many followers. However, it was Graziano who fired off the emotional tribute that would have Oti welling up all over again over her difficult decision. "You have been always there for me, always!!" praised Graziano, passionately, in view of 158,000 Instagram fans. "Since the first moment I joined @bbcstrictly. "I’m gonna miss you so so much on the show, Im gonna miss dancing with you!! you can’t even imagine!" he added, including love heart emojis on the post to punctuate his point. "I wish you all the best in your life because you deserve it! READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "You are the strongest woman I ever met and I’ll be always here for you! "I love you friend!! @otimabuse". Within minutes of his post, Oti had fired off a direct reply to her co-dancer, urging: "Please don’t make me cry again!" However, he made it clear he had no intention of letting up on his kind words for her any time soon, simply replying: "With you always." The Italian dancer's post included a photo of him embracing Oti on the Strictly stage, while she rested her head on his shoulder, grinning with emotion as her velvet-gloved hand clasped onto his chest. @carol.watson.7792 relived the nostalgia brought back by the snap, marvelling: "That was one of the greatest dance sequences of all time!!" @christine.nye.140 echoed: "Shes amazing ... [love] her so much .. going to be sad not seeing her on the dance floor anymore xxxx." Meanwhile @neilnandrew encouraged: "Lovely words for a lovely lady." DON'T MISS... 'How dare he?' Piers Morgan fumes over Prince Andrew settlement claims [DEBATE] Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [PHOTOS] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  Earlier today, 31-year-old Oti took to social media to confess her plans to leave the show after a seven year stint, admitting: "Never easy to say goodbye." Her post comes amid speculation that her lesser known "third sister" Phemelo could be set to take her place on the show. "Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers!" she exclaimed. "You are my family and I adore you all forever." The emotional South African, whose sister Motsi has also been making waves on the UK dance circuit as a Strictly judge, added that she now regarded the UK as her home. "I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank You from the bottom of my heart," she wrote in view of her 640,000 followers. "Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family especially, friends, strictly fans and judges who have been my support throughout my strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! "You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made everyday unforgettable! I love you. "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!"