More than one million people are paying too much for their medication according to the NHS Business Service Authority. It found that people in England could save £40 a year on average, while many could save much more. NHS prescription charges could soon apply to over 60s in England if a Government proposal to make them pay for medication is given the go ahead. Currently people receive free prescriptions when they reach 60 but they could soon have to wait until state pension age, which is 66. If the plans get the green light it will mean tens of thousands of older people will have to fork out for these extra costs. However, while 15 groups of people can actually get prescriptions for free others could be paying a lot less. READ MORE: National Insurance: How much more will I have to pay in April?  Latest figures show that in the 12 months leading up to April 2021 over a million people (1,063,648) paid for at least 12 prescriptions with the average being 16. They would have paid less if they had bought an annual Prepayment Certificate (PPC) for that year costing £106. For someone who pays for 16 prescriptions per year at a single prescription cost of £9.15 this would present a saving of £40 a year. The savings really start to add up if someone relies on two prescriptions per month, in these circumstances an individual could save £113.60 a year. DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS]   Financial journalist Martin Lewis says a PPC is a great idea for people who rely on more than one prescription per month. "My simple rule of thumb is if you get more than one prescription a month on average – these are the cheapest way. "And someone getting, say, two prescriptions a month would save over £100 a year." Some people could be paying for prescriptions unnecessarily as 15 groups of people can actually get them for free. Who qualifies for free prescriptions? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson confirmed that lots of people don’t need to pay for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.” Britons can apply for a PPC at nhs.uk.