French President Emmanuel Macron had a tense phone call with Russian President Vladimr Putin yesterday after the Kremlin launched military action in Ukraine. The Elysée said: "After having spoken with the Ukrainian president, and in coordination with him, the president [Macron] called Vladimir Putin to demand the immediate halt of Russian military operations, noting that Russia risked massive sanctions." However, the Kremlin gave a slightly different version of events. The Kremlin said only that the two leaders had a "serious and frank exchange of views" about Ukraine. In a statement, Moscow added that Putin gave an "exhaustive" explanation to Mr Macron of the reasons he ordered his forces into its neighbour. Russia has been condemned by international leaders and faces tough sanctions. Putin's aggression has proven damaging for Mr Macron, whose diplomacy efforts appear to have failed. Recent events also put comments made by the French President in 2019 in a fresh light. In November 2019, Mr Macron was preparing to attend a NATO summit in London. Prior to the meeting of leaders, he said the alliance was “brain dead” and in need of a strategy to replace US leadership But Mr Macron also declared that Russia's regime is no longer an enemy. He said: “NATO is an organisation of collective defence. Against what, against who is it defending itself? Who is our common enemy? This question deserves clarification. “A new architecture of confidence and security in Europe will stem from clarifying our relations with Russia while stating conditions. “Is our enemy Russia or China as I sometimes hear? “Is it the job of the Atlantic alliance to name them as enemies? I don’t think so. "Our common enemy, it seems, is the terrorism which is striking all our countries.” READ MORE: Macron to kick off election campaign Although Mr Macron said that dialogue with President Putin had to be “lucid, robust and demanding”, his appeals to bring Russia into the continent’s security fold unsettled the UK, Germany and allies, The Times reported. The French President's hopes of building a better relationship with Moscow will have been shattered this week. President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, has condemned President Putin for the invasion of Ukraine. She said yesterday: “President Putin is responsible for bringing war back to Europe. In these dark hours, the European Union stands together with Ukraine and its people. “What we are facing is an unprecedented act of aggression by the Russian leadership against a sovereign, independent country. “Russia’s target is not just Donbass, the target is not just Ukraine, the target is stability in Europe and the whole international rules-based order. For that, we will hold Russia accountable.” DON'T MISSBBC viewers outraged at Wallace’s ‘proper war’ comment [INSIGHT]EU shame as senior figures’ links to Russian business laid bare [ANALYSIS]Cities across the world protest against Russian tyrant Vladimir Putin [INSIGHT] Ms von der Leyen also said today that EU leaders have agreed to impose "massive" sanctions on Russia in areas ranging from finance to transport. She declared that "we will hold the Kremlin accountable". The attack on Ukraine has also shifted attention onto the question of the country possibly joining NATO. Ukraine is one of a number of countries applying to join NATO, and was promised in 2008 that it would eventually be given the opportunity to join. In 2019, an amendment was adopted that enshrined the ultimate goal of NATO membership in the country’s constitution. When Joe Biden was elected US President in 2020, Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said his first question to the new leader in Washington would be: “Mr President, why are we not in NATO yet?” Ukraine began a formal process to begin a NATO Membership Action Plan in 2008, but this plan was later put on ice.