GB News star Eamonn Holmes was dropped from the ITV This Morning slot he had shared with wife Ruth Langsford for 15 years and replaced with Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary. However, he hasn't been shy about contradicting claims that the decision was down to his popularity dropping. Eamonn also wanted fans to know it hadn't been his decision to walk away. He was compelled to deny rumours that research had suggested he was no longer liked by viewers, after an ITV insider claimed to The Sun: "ITV is always looking at what the viewers want, what the people watching the show want. "Put it this way, they wanted change, the viewers didn’t want to watch him anymore. Things have to change, they evolve and for him to say there was no explanation isn’t true." He issued a reply via his representative, who argued: "It is simply not true that research showed that viewers no longer wanted to watch Eamonn Holmes. Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife "Research has actually showed Eamonn rated better than others who replaced him on This Morning." His agent, Jonathan Shalit, continued: "I don’t believe a ‘source’ said anything that was official as ITV have always behaved with great respect to InterTalent. "The facts are simple. Eamonn is one of the most loved broadcasters in UK. "His GB NEWS show now often beats his Sky News rival and the BBC have recommissioned his show Farm to Feast." It comes after Eamonn recently hit out at his former employer directly in an interview with the Daily Mail, branding ITV "hypocritical" and "sly". He blasted: "I'm all for TV companies being able to choose who works for them, but it would be nice if you were told why you were going. "They're sly. They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round." The ITV insider then reportedly made the claims show bosses had conducted extensive research, resulting in findings that Eamonn's likeability had been dwindling. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she ignored Dan Walker's advice [INSIGHT] Helen Mirren confessed her true feelings about Meghan and Harry [UPDATE] George Clarke splits from wife Katie Morgan after four years [LATEST]  Other issues have included reported tension between Eamonn, his wife Ruth, and ITV co-host Phillip Schofield. Rumours of a frosty relationship between the trio first circulated after a preview of Loose Women had been screened on This Morning, during which Phillip interrupted Ruth, reportedly leading her to make an official complaint. Even during times of success and celebration, such as when the three took to the stage with Holly Willoughby to accept a gong for Best Daytime Show on the 2020 National Television Awards, viewers claimed there was a tense atmosphere. Phillip was accused of "hogging the microphone" and not giving Eamonn and Ruth the chance to thank their viewers. Eamonn later hit 'like' on a series of fan tweets referring to the perception that Phillip had not allowed himself and his wife to speak. On Friday, he addressed the fraught relationship between himself and his former co-star in no uncertain terms, feistily claiming he had a street fighting streak in him. "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people," he exclaimed. "He's very passive-aggressive. It's up to Ruth to say how she felt, but I was feeling hurt for her. No one would have snubbed me like that. "I have a good Belfast street fighter in me… I would be direct." He added: "I don't go for presenters who think they have a special privilege or aura or influence."