Ben Stiller, 56, has confirmed that he has reconciled with his wife, Christine Taylor, 50, after five years apart, describing the reunion as “wonderful”. The couple had announced their split in May 2017 after 17 years of marriage. The 56-year-old American actor and 50-year-old actress have two children together: Ella, 19, and Quinlin, 16. Ben told Esquire in a new interview that he moved back into the family home when the pandemic began, in 2020, to spend time with his children during the lockdown. He explained: “Then, over the course of time, it evolved. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea after family member's farewell  “We were separated and got back together and we’re happy about that. “It’s been really wonderful for all of us. Unexpected, and one of the things that came out of the pandemic.” He added: “I think we have a respect for the ways that we’re similar and the ways we’re different. “And I think accepting that, you can really appreciate someone more because you’re not trying to get them to change for you. “Once you accept that, you save a lot of energy. “This is something that works for me; this is something that doesn’t work for me. “If you have that trust level with your partner, you know that me saying ‘I don’t like doing that thing’ is not me saying ‘I don’t like you'.” The Cable Guy actor and the Zoolander actress broke hearts when they announced the end of their marriage five years ago. DON’T MISS: Loose Women's Brenda Edwards breaks social media silence after Jamal's death at 31 [LATEST] Holly Willoughby 'supporting Phillip Schofield' after Eamonn Homes' 'below the belt' swipe [NEWS] BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storm as she shares worries [INSIGHT]     In a joint statement, the couple said: “With tremendous love and respect for each other, and the 18 years we spent together as a couple, we have made the decision to separate. “Our priority will continue to be raising our children as devoted parents and the closest of friends. “We kindly ask that the media respect our privacy at this time.” The couple remained friends following their separation. They have starred in films together including Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, Zoolander and Tropic Thunder and the pair first met on the set of TV series Heat Vision And Jack in 1999, where they fell in love. “We’re a big family. “We’re together all the time,” Christine previously told Us in October 2018. “It’s wonderful, it’s wonderful.”