NBC's long-running crime drama Law and Order SVU, made its highly anticipated comeback after the 2022 Winter Olympics forced the show into a hiatus. Episode 13 left viewers with a huge feeling of glee after fan favourites Amanda Rollins (Kelli Giddish) and Dominick Carisi (Peter Scanavino) finally became an official couple.  For many years, both Rollins and Carisi had a thing for each other and fans have waited for them to give in to their feelings. With the flirtations often being pushed aside, viewers got the first glimpse of their potential romance in the season 22 finale when the pair shared a kiss at Fin Tutuola's (Ice T) wedding. After years of denial, friendship and growing trust, the two confirmed their interest after an emotional moment they shared, which was sealed with a kiss. In the most recent episode titled 'If I Knew Then What I Know Now,' Rollins and Carisi solidified their union with a public announcement.  READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? The moment long time viewers had been waiting for had finally arrived, and fans were over the moon, with the announcement causing a frenzy on social media. Jess_Jay_Josh tweeted: "Yay! Rawlins on Carisi are together. I hope things work out for them." ScarlettYolli asked: "I'm so happy about Rollins and Carisi. What should we call them? Carllins? Rolisi?" LouiseBunnyHat added: "If Carisi and Rollins ever break up on #LawAndOrderSVU I'm never watching the show again. I adore this couple!!"  AshEnnis agreed: "Rollins & Carisi finally making their relationship official is goals. Love them together!" SJWest_ shared: "ROLLINS AND CARISI FINALLY CAME OUT THAT THEYRE TOGETHER AND MY HEART IS SCREAMINGGGGG." MrsDiana wrote: "Yes to Carissi and Amanda! Finally." The announcement came after Carisi mocked Rollins for wanting to keep their relationship private.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay broke down in tears on first date [INSIGHT] Law and Order SVU star sparks frenzy with Hargitay and Meloni reunion [INSIGHT] This happened while the team were investigating a case of a teenager who'd just met her birth mother and discovered she was the product of a rape. Rollins turned to Carisi and remarked it may have been better if the mother hadn't shared the information with her newly found daughter. To which, Carisi hit back: "Of course you think that, you won't tell the people we work with, or your kids, that we're involved." Later on in the episode, Rollins shared her concerns and questioned why they had to go public when they could wait.  To which Carisi asked: "When then? Year 1? 5? What are we trying to do here? Are we trying to make this work or not?" Although she was slightly annoyed, she wiped away tears and disclosed: "I've never been this open or honest in a relationship." However, she had to leave after getting a call about the investigation. With the case closed, Rollins was ready to push her doubts aside and take the leap, so she pulled her boss Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) aside. "Carisi and I are involved," to which Benson responded: "Rollins, I am very happy for you." Law and Order: Special Victims Unit season 23 is available in the USA on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 