Meanwhile many people aim to be amateur artists, particularly those who retrain or learn in their middle age, effectively as a second job. Politicians often behave like retrained artists. They paint a picture of optimism or gloom depending on their objective or personality. The current Chancellor is a glass half empty man, and I think his paintings would be grey and gloomy. He has failed to remember his economics lessons. He is misinterpreting the scene ahead of him and responding with the wrong brush strokes in the wrong colours. I don’t think his post Covid recovery program will become known as a contemporary masterpiece.The Government’s balance sheet is much more robust than he portrays. The nation is coming out of a war-like situation. Between the two world wars, we had national debt for 30 years that averaged 50% higher than current levels. The average then was over 150% of GDP. When high growth returned after the Second World War, so the debt reduced naturally relative to the fast-growing size of the economy. Why is he trying to frame us into a gloomy picture of austerity by raising taxes which will slow growth. Why does he think civil servants can spend you money better than you can with record government spending. He is presiding over a grim scene: the highest taxes for 70 years and the lowest growth for 60 years. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea His Tory predecessor George Osborne tried to tax his way out of the financial crisis and the result was higher taxes, higher debt and lower growth. We do not want Austerity Mark 2. History clearly shows us it is best to grow out of a crisis. Other high growth nations like the US and Singapore have debt levels at least 20% higher than in the U.K. yet they are comfortable, because they have high growth economies. My 3 point plan at Reform UK will create an alternative, wonderful landscape scene: growth in the short term, whilst reducing debt and increasing tax revenues over the medium term. The Chancellor should go for growth, big time. Firstly he can stimulate the economy by cutting taxes significantly, especially for the lowest paid and for small businesses. Let’s free up 6 million of the lowest earners from paying any income below £20,000 salary; free up over one million small firms from any corporation tax. Cutting income taxes like this will reduce inflation by putting more money in peoples' pockets thus reducing wage inflation demands. Secondly, let’s abolish a raft of unnecessary taxes and simplify our taxes, in what is the most complicated tax system in the world. It’s four times the length of the combined works of Harry Potter! The combination or our Economic stimulus plans amounts to some £50 bn per year. This stimulus cost can easily be met by two things. Faster growth, possibly an extra 1.25% more each year on average, as well as reducing the vast amounts of wasteful government spending that we all know exists. Thirdly the Chancellor can create a crisp clean masterpiece: he can reorganise the internal, Bank of England owned QE debt, so that it becomes a 75 year Corona Bond, like a War Bond, with a fixed rate of interest of say 0.5%. It would remain owned for those 75 years by the Bank itself. This resolves at a stroke all concerns over refinancing the Bank of England debt and the related interest rate risk. It also keep bond yields lower as it restricts future supply, which is good for the government finances. These three solutions combine in an array of positive colours on a canvas. The real winners will be those who don’t buy expensive paintings. The least well-off, the lowest paid and small businesses that are the engine of our economy.