West Side Story is in the running for Best Film and Best Directing for Steven Spielberg, among other awards, at the 2022 Oscars. The musical continues to receive endless praise, Nightmare filmmaker Guillermo del Toro recently called it “pure, masterly clockwork precision” and “baffling virtuoso” in a Twitter thread. A remake of the original 1961 classic and 1957 play, this new rendition is a fresh take for unfamiliar audiences. Now is the perfect time to dive into the movie and its home release date is just around the corner.  West Side Story will be available to watch from March 2, with the film being available to buy or rent. The Blu-ray and DVD are available for pre-order now from most major outlets for £14.99 and £9.99, respectively. Before its initial release in cinemas back in December, the film was sadly delayed multiple times due to the Coronavirus pandemic. This happened for more than a year, with the film first slated for a 2020 premiere. At the end of 2021 fans could finally return to the 1950s streets of New York for the love story like no other.     It will be available to watch for all Disney Plus subscribers in both the USA and UK. For audiences over in the States, it will also be streaming on HBO Max. For fans that are not subscribed to either platform, Disney Plus is £7.99 ($7.99) per month. HBO Max is $9.99 each month and is not available for audiences in the UK. To anyone that wants to catch up on the original film as well, that is available on Amazon Prime in the USA and UK and HBO Max.   West Side Story is one of the most enduring classics of stage and screen. First brought to theatres in 1957, it was then adapted for the screen in 1961 by filmmakers Jerome Robbins and Robert Wise. It was an immediate hit, quickly becoming one of cinema’s most recognisable and beloved musicals. Despite some of the characters and story elements being updated for 21st-century audiences, the main plot remains the same. The official synopsis reads: “An adaptation of the 1957 musical, West Side Story explores forbidden love and the rivalry between the Jets and the Sharks, two teenage street gangs of different ethnic backgrounds.”    DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders final Series 6 is NOT the end – There will be a film [INSIGHT]The Apartment: Hollywood scandal inspired classic ‘Shot in the balls’ [EXPLAINER]‘Bitter pill’ Downton Abbey star details challenging experience [INSIGHT]  Baby Driver and The Fault in Our Stars actor Ansel Elgort co-leads the film as Tony, the teen that falls head of heels in love with Maria. She is played by Rachel Zegler, an up-and-coming actress with multiple major releases already in development. The actress is set to star in Shazam! Fury of the Gods in an undisclosed role and Disney’s Snow White live-action remake as the titular character. Her casting made headlines in 2021 for better representation as she is a Latino performer taking on a role that has been traditionally portrayed as white. Rounding out the main cast is David Alvarez as Bernardo, Corey Stoll as Lieutenant Schrank, Rita Morena as Valentina and Ariana DeBose as Anite. DeBose just received an Oscar nomination for her performance, putting her in the running for Best Supporting Actress. West Side Story will be available to watch on March 2 on Disney Plus in the UK and USA and HBO Max in the USA  