Chelsea’s win over Lille not only put them in control of the Champions League last 16 tie, it also showed them what their next priority should be. Goals from Kai Havertz and Hakim Ziyech secured the win, handing the Blues a 2-0 advantage heading into the second leg in three weeks’ time. While he was not on the scoresheet, N’Golo Kante helped to drive the hosts to the comfortable victory. The Frenchman put in another outstanding performance in central midfield, playing a key role in Pulisic’s goal. Kante received the ball deep in his own half, burst across the halfway line, drew in three Lille defenders before slipping in Pulisic to score. It was a display that earned Kante high praise from former Chelsea star Joe Cole, who hailed the midfielder. “He was outstanding, so many times we have seen him in Champions League nights where he has driven the team forward,” Cole told BT Sport. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Tuchel warned he could soon face wrath of Abramovich “Honesty from a football manager should be a given but so many of them get so protective of their team. “He has clear boundaries with his players, he probably thought Kante was slightly off it the last two games and he was happy he was on it tonight. “I don’t think there is a midfielder as influential as him in our league for the last 10 years. Everything he does… when he plays well you win.” Kante’s performance also served to highlight an approaching problem for Chelsea though, as his contract ticks down. DON'T MISS: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he made a mistake during Lille win (NEWS)Chelsea: Five things learned as Havertz shines but Blues dealt blow (ANALYSIS)Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku has Thomas Tuchel dilemma (INSIGHT) Come the end of the season, Kante will have entered the final year of his deal, with the Frenchman free to negotiate with overseas clubs from next January. The World Cup winner obviously remains a key part of Thomas Tuchel’s side, despite some injury problems over the past two seasons. He will attract a range of interest from top clubs, given the fact that he is still capable of performing at the top level. The Blues will need to move quickly to tie him down to a new long-term contract, given the amount of interest there will surely be in him. Kante’s performance on Tuesday night should be enough to convince them that talks over an extension should be made a priority. If the Blues do not take heed of that, then they risk a repeat of the approaching problem they have this summer. Star defenders Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen will all see their deals expire, with hope fading that they will stay at Stamford Bridge. That is not a situation Chelsea can afford to see repeated when it comes to Kante, especially if he keeps performing as he did against Lille.