Her Majesty cancelled a planned virtual engagement today, as she continues to suffer from mild coronavirus symptoms. The 95-year-old, who is thought to be triple jabbed, was planning to continue carrying out “light duties” as she recovered from the virus. Yet earlier today a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: “As Her Majesty is still experiencing mild cold-like symptoms she has decided not to undertake her planned virtual engagements today, but will continue with light duties.”   The Queen is due to have her weekly audience with Prime Minister Boris Johnson by telephone tomorrow while she is also thought to have other planned virtual audiences in the diary. These are now likely to be under review. Of course, the Queen is not the first member of the Firm to contract Covid. Her son, Prince Charles emerged from his isolation in Balmoral on Thursday after catching the virus for the second time.  Read More: Royal Family LIVE: William and Kate to clash in battle for pride The heir apparent had first caught Covid in March 2020, and at the time lost his sense of taste and smell. His wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, also tested positive for coronavirus for the first time last week. Both are also thought to have received their booster vaccinations. In April 2020, at the beginning of the pandemic, Prince William also contracted the virus, though he chose to not make his positive test public.   The Sun reported seven months later that he had kept the diagnosis a secret so to not alarm the nation. According to the publication the Duke of Cambridge had been “hit pretty hard by the virus” and it “really knocked him for six”. William was treated by palace doctors and followed Government guidelines by isolating at his Norfolk family home, Anmer Hall. The Queen’s daughter, Princess Anne, was forced to miss Christmas with a small contingent of the Firm after her husband, Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, tested positive in December 2021. Don't Miss:Wallis Simpson’s bizarre gift to royal chef: ‘What am I to do?’[OPINION]Why Queen will never abdicate despite health scare ‘Bad word’[INSIGHT]Meghan, Harry, Kate and William’s 'fab four’ dream was 'disastrous'[ANALYSIS] Though the Royal Family’s Sandringham Christmas had been cancelled, Charles and Camilla joined Her Majesty on Christmas Day, but the Princess Royale was unable to attend. It was the monarch’s first Christmas since the death of her husband Prince Philip. Princess Michael of Kent, who is married to the Queen’s cousin Prince Michael of Kent, suffered severe Covid symptoms after contracting the virus in November 2020. The 77-year-old allegedly had lung problems as a child, so was more severely affected by the virus.  Away from the UK, Queen Margrethe of Denmark, who is 81, and Spain’s King Felipe VI, 54, both tested positive for the virus on February 9 and had mild symptoms. Former queen of the Netherlands, Princess Beatrix, tested positive for COVID-19 in December 2021 but also only had “mild cold like symptoms”. Norway’s Princess Ingrid Alexandra, who is the daughter of Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit contracted the virus in August 2021.  Meanwhile Prince Christian of Denmark, who is the son of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary, tested positive for the coronavirus in December 2020. Prince Carl Philip and Princess Sofia of Sweden tested positive for COVID-19 in November 2020. Prince Albert of Monaco was also diagnosed with Covid in March 2020 and suffered from mild “flu-like” symptoms. 