Vladimir Putin announced a military offensive against his neighbouring country in the early hours of Thursday morning. He outlined his intention to strive for the “de-militarisation and de-Nazification” of Ukraine. Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdollahian condemned the attack, insisting it is not a “solution”. But he said the cause of the invasion began not with Russia but with NATO. In a post on Twitter, Mr Amirabdollahian said: “The Ukraine crisis is rooted in NATO's provocations. “We don't believe that resorting to war is a solution. “Imperative to establish ceasefire and to find a political and democratic resolution.” US Secretary of State Antony Blinken responded to the invasion noting “we are united in responding to Russia and strengthening NATO’s Eastern Flank”. This message was shared by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has also highlighted his continued efforts to engage with NATO, describing Moscow’s attack as “a catastrophe for our continent”. READ MORE: People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion In a statement on Thursday, NATO itself described Russia’s invasion as “entirely unjustified and unprovoked”. Others have suggested the failure of western nations to reject the idea of Ukraine joining NATO has done nothing to help events. Mail on Sunday columnist Peter Hitchens – describing Mr Putin, following news of the invasion, as “stark staring mad” – has highlighted the 1991 warning of former US diplomat George F Kennan, who “nobody could accuse of being soft on Communism”. DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT]Europe stocks plummet as war breaks out on continent [REVEAL] Mr Kennan described the eastern expansion of NATO as a “tragic mistake”. He added: “I think the Russians will gradually react quite adversely and it will affect their policies.” Moscow correspondent Oliver Carroll highlighted on Tuesday Mr Putin’s offer to Ukraine to resolve the problem by independently rejecting NATO membership. The Kremlin’s opposition to NATO expansionism in the east was brought to the fore in numerous diplomatic talks in recent weeks. US Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman responded in January during Geneva talks: “We will not allow anyone to slam closed NATO’s open-door policy.” According to the latest (though unconfirmed) reports, Russian tanks are already on the outskirts of Kiev.