On Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his military to enter the Russian-controlled areas of southeast Ukraine under the false guise of “peacekeeping duties.” There have been warnings that a scale-up in Russian incursions could displace millions of people and cause a humanitarian crisis. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has urged thousands of Britons to flee Ukraine citing concerns that a war could imminently break out. But on Tuesday she insisted it was too early to make commitments to take in refugees. She told Times Radio: “We are working on humanitarian assistance with other countries and with the international NGOs, but we can’t make any commitments about any refugees at this stage.” Emilie McDonnell, Lawyer and Advocacy Coordinator at Human Rights Watch, said to Express.co.uk while this stance is shocking, it is not surprising. She said it speaks to a wider "governmental approach where the UK seems to be trying to shirk its obligations and avoid actually taking its fair share of refugees." Ms McDonnell cited the US' withdrawal from Afghanistan when the Government made "very lofty promises to Afghan people" that were not met. The charity Asylum Matters launched a campaign last week about the failures of the Afghan resettlement scheme. Ukraine's neighbours — the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia — are all preparing for a huge influx of refugees. Poland's Deputy Interior Minister Maciej Wąsik has said it is expecting around a million Ukrainian refugees. Mr Reznikov said the "sudden appearance" of between three and five million Ukrainian refugees fleeing the Russian invasion would be "just one of many major concerns facing European society.” Ms McDonnell said Ukrainians will be fleeing "indiscriminate violence and war" and that when individuals arrive at the British border, the government needs to be open and allow Ukrainians to "exercise their right to seek asylum." She continued: "The UK is very involved in in Ukraine diplomacy at the moment. So I would say it should be stepping up and committing to taking refugees. Hopefully Liz Truss' comment isn't the sign of future things to come."  READ MORE: Russia-Ukraine LIVE: 'Demilitarise or else' Horror threat as Putin unleashes troops abroad Agnès Callamard, Secretary-General of Amnesty International said in a statement: "It is frightening to imagine what scale the refugee crisis could reach in the event of escalating hostilities in Ukraine. It will be a continent-wide humanitarian disaster with millions of refugees seeking protection in neighbouring European countries." While the UN refugee agency spokeswoman Shabia Mantoo said on Tuesday they have not yet seen any increased movements outside the eastern regions, they cautioned that “the situation remains unpredictable." Vadym Pristaiko, Kiev's ambassador to London, told the Telegraph that Britain and Europe could face a wave of migration similar to that from the conflict in Syria. Ms McDonnell said the UK has a "moral responsibility" to accept refugees when the time comes. She continued: "When there is a crisis of such a big gravity, countries all have a duty but also under principles of humanity to be accepting refugees. "It's not enough that we just say that only neighbouring countries should host refugees, countries further afield also need to step up when there's a global crisis." On Tuesday afternoon, Labour's Nadia Whittome asked Prime Minister Boris Johnson to commit to accepting all Ukrainian refugees in the wake of Ms Truss' comments. It would seem the Government is at an impasse on the issue, as Mr Johnson then went on to say that anybody fleeing the Russians in Ukraine will be welcome in the UK.