Manchester United drew 1-1 with Atletico Madrid in Wednesday night’s Champions League tie. Ralf Rangnick’s side went into the game on a high after two straight wins over Leeds and Brighton. And they had Anthony Elanga to thank for leaving Spain with a credible stalemate to their name. United have been improving under Rangnick since the 63-year-old replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. However, they were flat against Atletico with the La Liga champions dominant for the most part before Elanga struck in the closing stages. Joao Felix was nearly the matchwinner, with the Portugal international heading his side in front after capitalising on Harry Maguire’s lack of pace. United, for their part, huffed and puffed all night. And they drew level in the closing stages through the excellent Elanga after he came off the bench. Express Sport will now take a look at four things we learned from the showdown at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz When United signed Cristiano Ronaldo in the summer, many expected them to challenge for the biggest titles on offer again. But, like with Gareth Bale at Tottenham and Didier Drogba before him at Chelsea, it’s never the same second time around. This Ronaldo remains a good finisher. With 15 goals to his name, he’s done well amid a difficult campaign. Yet he’s no longer the player he used to be and, against Atletico, operated on the fringes of the action. Ronaldo’s attitude doesn’t help either, with the Portugal international quick to condemn his team-mates whenever the ball didn’t find him. Marcus Rashford, in particular, was on the receiving end of some harsh criticism from his team-mate on the night. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Maguire is, on his day, a capable centre-back. Yet, with each passing match, it seems as though the England international will never be worth the £80million the club paid for him in 2019. Maguire isn’t good enough to start games at present, never mind be captain of the club. He won’t give up the armband, rightly so, but the scrutiny is bound to increase in the aftermath of this fixture. Maguire should have got ahead of Felix for his goal yet, instead, allowed the Portugal international to pass him by. A big mistake, one that could have cost his side. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Arsenal are currently being linked with Atletico Madrid star Felix. And the Portugal international’s fine showing amid the heat of the battle showed exactly why he’s still so highly-rated. Felix is still just 22 years old and this was a timely reminder of his quality. His thunderbolt header in the first half was top drawer, something Ronaldo at the opposite end did time and time again in his prime. Arsenal would be right to pursue Felix because, under a more attacking manager, he could become one of the best forwards on the planet. United need a new manager to replace Rangnick at the end of the season. So how about Diego Simeone? Yes, he can be combative. Yes, he’s Atletico through and through. And yes, getting him would be incredibly difficult. But what Simeone has built at the Spanish giants is special. Players dance to his tune, which is exactly the sort of person the Red Devils need. Had it not been for Elanga, this would have been another memorable win. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are frontrunners to replace Rangnick but Simeone should be another name on their shortlist.