Manchester City's Ukrainian star Oleksandr Zinchenko said he hopes Vladimir Putin 'dies a painful death' in a fiery social media post in light of Russia's invasion of his homeland. The 25-year-old also released a patriotic statement earlier in the week, calling for solidarity among his compatriots. Russia have launched a military assault on Ukraine, with reports of missile strikes in major cities. Despite warnings from Western leaders, Russian President Putin claims that Moscow will mount an 'instant response' if others try to step in. Leading figures from the United States, European Union and United Kingdom have strongly condemned the move, while US President Joe Biden claims that Russia will be held to account. Thousands appear to be trying to flee from Ukraine as the death toll reportedly rises. JUST IN: Liverpool star Harvey Elliott's reaction to 6-0 win vs Leeds after being left out of squad  Zinchenko and Andriy Shevchenko, two of Ukraine's highest-profile sports stars, have both spoken against Putin this week. But the Man City star unleashed more social media anger on Thursday, posting a picture of Putin accompanied by the caption: "I hope you die the most painful suffering death, creature." Having only been up for a few minutes, the post was promptly taken down. According to The Daily Mail, Zinchenko claims that Instagram themselves took down the post. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's XI if they sign exciting Paul Pogba replacementJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Tottenham boss Conte's devious transfer battle with Fabio Paratici Zinchenko was an unused substitute last time City took to the field against Tottenham, with the north London side running out surprise 3-2 winners. It remains to be seen whether boss Pep Guardiola will include him in the Sky Blues' first-team plans as they gear up to face Everton on Saturday. Earlier in the week, Zinchenko said on social media: "The whole civilised world is concerned about the situation in my country. "I can't stand back and strive to make my point across. My country is in the picture. The country in which I was born and raised. "The country whose colours I protect in the international sports arena. The country we are trying to glorify and develop. "A country whose borders must remain intact. My country belongs to Ukrainians and no one will ever be able to appropriate it. "We will not give ours away! Glory to Ukraine." The Prime Minster Boris Johnson is due to give an urgent statement on the war ripping through Ukraine today as Britain prepares to take action against Russia.  