Ukrainian caller Irina told BBC Radio 5 Live presenter Nicky Campbell her elderly parents are ready to stand up against Russia as the probability of invasion of Ukrainian soil heightens daily. President Vladimir Putin signed a decree which now recognises Luhansk and Donetsk as independent states, a move slammed by European leaders as this could be a tactile push for invasion. Caller Irina also explained that she would be prepared to be patriotic and enlist for the military in Ukraine but she has young children in the UK to look after. Caller Irina said: "Right now my parents are in their 70s, and we talked about their thoughts, they're not willing to move. Mr Campbell said: "Where are they?" She replied: "Western Ukraine, they have a strong sense of standing up for their land. "They're willing to do whatever it takes to defend the land, they're not going to give up." JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms The BBC host said: "What does that mean?" Caller Irina said: "Well, my mum said if she's asked to go and help soldiers to do the washing or cooking, she will. "If she can help in any particular way, volunteering even like carrying weapons, and my dad as well. "Whatever in their physical ability to help to defend the land, they will do it." READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop     Mr Campbell said: "Would you do it if you were there?" Irina explained: "It's a very difficult question isn't it, because I'm not there, I'm here. "I have very little children and the decision is not easy to make when you have little people depending on you. "But perhaps if they were older and I was living in Easter Ukraine, I would probably join the military." DON’T MISS: Expert warns China laser shot in Aussie waters 'closest attempt at military intimidation'Russia troops being pulled back from Ukraine border: Statement IN FULLMount Etna erupts again spewing a seven-mile ash cloud into the sky seen by astronauts Oleksandra Matviichuk, head of the Centre for Civil Liberties think tank, insisted Ukrainians are ready to fight back against a Russian invasion. Exclusively speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Matviichuk said: "This is a rather weird situation. 