Twickenham Stadium saw England take on Wales on Saturday, and members of the Royal Family were out in full force among the crowds of rugby fans. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge were spotted cheering on their respective teams in the stands, and they were accompanied by their eldest child Prince George, who looked gripped by the sporting spectacle throughout. Prince William is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU), and earlier this year Kate was announced as the new patron of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and the Rugby Football League (RFL). As George was seated in between his parents, he was perhaps perfectly positioned to act as a peacemaker between his famously competitive parents. Noticeably absent from George's outfit were any signs of affiliation with either team, while mum Kate wore an England scarf and William wore a red Wales one. And in a chat with representatives of the RFU and WRU before the match, George proved himself to be the perfect future King when asked what team he was supporting. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan row erupts after major rights award Like any good monarch, George chose to be impartial, shrugging off the question off before smiling at William, who chimed in: "It's become quite the thing in the house." William also alluded to his wife's competitiveness since her new rugby appointments, adding: "She is quite into it, I'm trying to stay out of it." Commander Kirsty Marlor, who represents the Navy on the RFU Council, said after meeting the young Prince: "I get the impression he's yet to choose a team. "I asked him which position he plays but I don't think he's got one yet.   "It is such an honour to have them all here today supporting the teams and a fantastic surprise to see George. "The Duchess was talking about how interested she is in the community game, which is so great to hear." Rugby certainly seems to be a big thing in the Cambridge household, with both William and Kate seemingly passing on their love of the game to their three children. George is learning how to play the sport, with Kate proudly admitting "he has all the kit" during her recent outing.  DON'T MISS:Prince George sends fans into meltdown with naughty move at rugby [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle's 'extraordinary' meeting with Queen before royal exit [ANALYSIS] Zara Tindall: Only tiara worn by royal has special nod to Philip [PICTURES] George added that he is still mastering the art of tackling, but turned to his mum and said: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" To which Kate replied laughing: "Yes you have!" The Duchess of Cambridge's new sporting appointments were announced earlier this year, with the future Queen donning studs and visiting Twickenham to play the game herself. Kate was the first royal to take on some of the royal patronages left vacant by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal exit in 2020, with Harry previously serving as patron of the RFU and RFL. Prince William has been the patron of the WRU since 2016, taking up the baton from his grandmother, the Queen. 