Gary Brooker, the frontman for Procol Harum, has died aged 76 after a battle with cancer. The singer, known for co-writing A Whiter Shade of Pale, passed away on Saturday, with the band releasing a statement today. The statement reads: "With the deepest regret we must announce the death on 19 February 2022 of Gary Brooker MBE, singer, pianist and composer of Procol Harum, and a brightly-shining, irreplaceable light in the music industry. "Aged 76, he had been receiving treatment for cancer, but died peacefully at home. "From his earliest onstage duets with his musician father, through his youthful recording career with Southend’s The Paramount's, Gary exhibited and developed a highly-individual talent. "His first single with Procol Harum, 1967’s A Whiter Shade of Pale, is widely regarded as defining ‘The Summer of Love’, yet it could scarcely have been more different from the characteristic records of that era. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death The statement continued: "Gary’s charisma was by no means confined to the stage. He lit up any room he entered, and his kindness to a multilingual family of fans was legendary. "He was notable for his individuality, integrity, and occasionally stubborn eccentricity. "His mordant wit, and appetite for the ridiculous, made him a priceless raconteur (and his surreal inter-song banter made a fascinating contrast with the gravitas of Procol Harum’s performances). "But for all his other interests and skills – prize-winning angler, pub-owner, lyricist, painter, inventor – he was above all a devoted and loyal husband to Franky, whom he met in 1965 and married in 1968. "Our thoughts must be with her, their families and friends at this extremely sad time." "Our thoughts must be with her, their families and friends at this extremely sad time." At the bottom of their website the band revealed there would be a private funeral and a memorial celebration at a later date. There is also a link to donate to Phyllis Tuckwell Hospice Care on their website, in the singer's memory. Many social media users have taken to Twitter to remember the late star and send well wishes to his family. DON'T MISS... Louise Minchin left 'in tears' as co-star plays emotional tribute [BBC] Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [OPINION] Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy' [COMMENT] WesleyStace said: "Gary Brooker RIP. What a voice. I went to see Procol Harum every single time I could and I'm so glad." MilnersHair added: "Goodbye to one of the greatest British vocalists and musicians. RIP #GaryBrooker." FilmNerdDave commented: "RIP Gary Brooker. Procol Harum played a big part in my college years." Gary's song, A Whiter Shade of Pale, written with Keith Reid, reached the top of the UK charts two weeks after it was released. The single also dominated the European and US charts, selling more than 10 million copies. It has been covered by other artists, including Annie Lennox and Billy Joel, more than 1,000 times. Apart from his contribution to the music industry, Gary also played an active role in charities. In 2003 he received an OBE in recognition of his charitable services.