Thiago Alcantara was reduced to tears after picking up an injury in the warm-up ahead of Liverpool's meeting with Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. The Spaniard was initially selected to start the match alongside Fabinho and Jordan Henderson in the middle of the park for the Reds. Thiago, who has registered 20 appearances for Liverpool in all competitions so far this season, was eventually forced to miss out after suffering a knock during his pre-match warm-up. He was spotted in floods of tears shortly before kick-off after he was replaced by Naby Keita in midfield, with Harvey Elliott coming onto the bench. Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson Becker was seen attempting to console Thiago in a bid to ease his visible disappointment at being ruled out of the match at such short notice. It remains to be seen whether he will be sidelined for any length of time as a result of his injury, the severity of which is yet to be confirmed. Thiago only returned to full training earlier this month after recovering from a previous hip problem, but it is not yet known whether or not the two injuries are related. JUST IN: Piers Morgan tears into 'weasel' Abramovich after Russian's statement  Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp recently underlined his desire to keep Thiago fit after the midfielder impressed from the bench in this month's victory over Norwich City at Anfield. "Thiago with his passing, really fresh, really relaxed, full of confidence, that helped as well," the German coach told reporters. "He is a good player, we just have to make sure we can keep him fit." Thiago arrived at Liverpool to plenty of fanfare back in 2020 but has often struggled to steer clear of injuries during his time in the Premier League.  He insisted in December that he would be looking to put things right over the coming months by staying fit and consistently exerting a greater influence on proceedings. "I'm the type of person that I always want more and more," Thiago told the Liverpool website. "I'm never happy enough with my performance, I always want more. "For sure I came to a club like Liverpool to try to win all games, play all games, and if it's in the starting 11, much better. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "I was already settled with the team last season but now, for sure, with the crowd again and with a bit more of a normal situation in our daily routine, so it is much more as it was during my life. "Now we are in a strange period but at the same time we just have to adapt to the situation and try to get through it as best we can." Thiago has racked up a half-century of appearances for Liverpool in all competitions since joining the club two years ago, chipping in with three goals and just one assist in the process. He has already missed 11 games in the Premier League for the Reds this season and will be looking to hold down a regular place in the side after recovering from his latest injury blow . Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here