Painting yourself is often a lot cheaper than hiring a professional to do the job. Whilst it may seem like a simple DIY job, it can be tricky to get professional looking results. According to The Paint Shed, there are common mistakes people make when painting, including not storing paint properly. They said: “Paint can be sensitive to extreme temperatures. Depending on the product and it’s manufacturer data sheet, most paint is required to be stored in a dry location indoors between five and 35 degrees celsius. “Your metal tins should be kept from moisture to prevent rust. This means that outdoor storage options may not be ideal for storing your paint due to increment temperatures such as sub-zero winters and scorching summers. “Extreme dry heat could cause evaporation of critical chemicals in the paint, including water, which can alter the consistency and colour of the product.” Freezing temperatures can also cause damage to the emulsion in paint. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours For those wanting to place paint in their sheds or garages, the experts shared a “handy tip”. They said: “Cover the top of the open paint can before you secure the lid, this will stop any dirt or debris falling into the paint when the time comes to using it again.” Decorating the home can be expensive and many people may try to cut down on costs wherever possible. However, the experts advised DIYers not to scrimp on their painting tools. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading [COMMENT]Warning signs your houseplants are suffering - and how to save them [EXPLAINER]Gardening jobs to do in March - ‘prevent’ weeds and kill moss now [EXPERT] The Paint Shed experts explained: “Low quality paint brushes may be cheaper in the short term, but will cause more issues in the long run.” Issues with cheap brushes include loose bristles getting stuck in the paint, brush streaks or even uneven edging. According to the experts, another common mistake when painting is using the wrong type of paint. This may be to try and cut costs, or simply because there are a lot of different varieties on the market. The Paint Shed experts said: “Porous surfaces, such as fresh plaster and bare wood for example, would absorb too much of a water-based paint. “For fresh plaster a contract matt or silk is advised, for bare wood a wood primer, undercoat and top coat is recommended prior to painting. “Similarly, you need to know your finishes in order to select the right paint. Most paint brands will have a guide on their finishes on their websites.” Britons should also not brush too much when painting, as this can lead to unsightly drag marks in the paint. The experts said: “There is also more of a risk of losing bristles this way, which can become stuck in the paint. “Load the paint brush and quickly brush the paint across the surface in a smooth motion, using a stroke or two to level it off.” Using tape to create clear paint lines is a common method used when painting. However, pulling it off at the wrong time can cause the paint work to become damaged. The Paint Shed explained: “This is usually due to waiting too long to remove the tape. The tape should instead be removed before the paint is completely dry.” Britons should also use a primer when embarking on a DIY project as well as clean the walls prior to painting, as it can help to remove any cobwebs or dirt. The experts said this is an “easy mistake” to make. To help avoid any uneven surfaces, sugar soap can be used to prepare the walls in most situations.