An expat couple moved to Valencia, a popular Spanish town for expats from around the world. Josh and Vicky moved to the country with their dog, Hodu. Now they film and share details of ex-pat living on their Youtube channel, A Couple of Nomads. The couple travels extensively around Europe, also documenting their passion on their Instagram account @a_couple_of_nomads. The couple addressed the biggest misconceptions about expat life in Spain. "You’re going to be sitting on the beach and drinking sangria all year!" the couple said. READ MORE: Man shares 'unforgettable' drive from UK to Mongolia - 'if it was a bad idea, we did it!' They said: "In the wintertime here in Valencia it’s cold. "Maybe not as cold as the U.K. but, Valencia is colder than most expect. "Waking up mid-January in the morning it’s as low as 1 degree outside. "So, bring a winter coat, most people here are bundled up in hats, scarves, and maybe even gloves while drinking a beer on a terrace." The temperature varies in Valencia across the year, from lows of five degrees Celsius in January to high on 31 egress in July and August. DON'T MISSThe safest country in the world for expats unveiled [INSIGHT] British expats say Brexit has made life in Portugal 'more difficult' [REAL LIFE] How retired expat couple travel in luxury [TRAVEL] The couple founded their YouTube channel when they could find no other similar platform detailing the realities of expat life. They said: "We wish that someone had created a YouTube channel, like us, so we would have had a head start on different things to do and see in the city, that’s not all touristy. "It can be overwhelming moving to a new city, let alone a new country, with a different language, and trying to figure out how it all works. "We hope that through our YouTube channel we can help people from around the world explore Valencia like us, like a local." The pair also detailed one of the biggest struggles they faced when moving to the country. Eating hours was one of the biggest struggles for the pair. They said: "We would say the hardest thing other than the layers of bureaucracy, is adjusting to the eating hours. "Once we arrived we were always starving."