Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) has finally returned to screens in the new Power spin-off, Power Book IV: Force. Now setting up shop in Chicago with his new partner, Diamond (Isaac Keys), the Starz crime drama has already featured some of the most shocking scenes in the show’s history. Newcomer Isaac spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how his teenage years inspired the character. Power supporting star Isaac tapped into his real-life experience during a pivotal sequence in episode two of Force, King of the Goddamn Hill. Now Tommy has started his new pipeline in Chicago, the series is starting to develop his partnership with ex-con, Diamond. Spending much of the episode driving round the city making drops, their day took a dangerous turn when Diamond was left alone in Tommy’s car. Suspecting the driver had stolen the vehicle, a nearby police officer profiled Diamond and held him at gunpoint until Tommy came back to diffuse the situation. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? Recently chatting to Express.co.uk, Isaac confirmed some real-life experiences inspired how he played the intense confrontation. “So the scene with the cop was one of the scenes when I auditioned for Diamond,” he recalled. “And when I first got it I was like, ‘Yes.’ There’s some depth.” Isaac, who grew up in St. Louis, Missouri before becoming a linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings, revealed he experienced similar interactions with police when he and his friends started to drive. He continued: “I wanted to build the show from past experiences as a teenager.” “We couldn’t ride in the cars going to Missouri, you wouldn’t ride more than four deep in a car at 16-17. “We knew that the police would pull us over. Or you didn’t have a durag on your head when you drove around in a car back then because you’d be profiled.” In the scene itself, Diamond speaks firmly and politely to the officer whilst keeping his hands on the wheel. However, the tension is ramped up when he refuses to move his hands, in fear of the cop mistakenly thinking he could be reaching for a weapon. DON'T MISS:Loose Women fans in tears as cast honour Jamal Edwards [REACTION]Jack Dee hits out at comedy cancel culture [OPINION]Bridgerton star shuts down Strictly Come Dancing rumours [INSIGHT] Isaac revealed he built Diamond’s reaction to the officer’s threats from his own methods of avoiding conflict with the police. “So, I’ve had experiences when a cop pulled me over and I had to act a certain way, or act accordingly and make sure I speak, ‘Yes sir, no sir’,” he explained. “No matter what kind of attitude they approached it with, I had to maintain a sense of calmness in order to make sure I’d get home to my mother and to my family. “So, going into this scene, what I loved about it is even though I auditioned, Courtney [Kemp, showrunner] really pulled a lot. She wanted to see a certain level of intensity, of fear and anger.” "And I was glad she asked for those adjustments because I wanted to pull more out.” He also had conversations with the actor who portrayed the actor to ensure the sequence was as raw and authentic as possible. He continued: “When we shot the scene, the actor who played the cop, he brought it. I said ‘you bring it, because I want you to help me bring this out of me.’ “I wanted this scene to be impactful for where we are in society right now, with a lot of things we’re dealing with. Police brutality and how it’s affecting our communities. I wanted to make sure this scene resonated to fans.” Book IV has already proven to be a hit with Power fans, and a huge part is the addition of Isaac as Tommy’s complex new partner. Power Book IV: Force is available to stream every Sunday on Starz in the USA and Starzplay in the UK.