Civilians in the Ukrainian capital Kiev have been filmed rushing into a church in a desperate attempt to avoid Russian artillery fire. President Vladimir Putin ordered Russia's military into Ukraine on Wednesday night after months of troop build-up and tensions with the West. Footage taken in central Kiev shows the moment residents flee in panic as Russian shelling rain's down on the city. Large numbers of Kiev residents have looked to evacuate the capital as Russian troops advance towards the city from the border. Aired sirens can be heard warning civilians of incoming fire as Ukrainians make for the relative safety of a nearby cathedral. The Kremlin has claimed it is only targeting Ukrainian air bases and other military assets, not populated areas. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  Announcing the invasion in a televised address, Mr Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to "consequences they have never seen". He said Russia does not intend to occupy Ukraine, and claimed responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime". Explosions were heard in Kiev moments later, while blasts were also reported in the cities of Odesa and Kharkiv. Reports suggested Russian troops had captured an airport on the outskirts of Kiev. Western officials have reported forces crossing over from Belarus, where they have been engaged in large-scale exercises, and from Russian-occupied Crimea. They are also said to have moved into the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Mr Putin has recognised the two breakaway "republics" of Donetsk and Luhansk. Officials say it is unclear whether he intends to take control of the entire country. Ukraine's ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, called for a no-fly zone to be put in place over his country. DON'T MISS: Boris sends boldest warning yet to Putin as PM hailed for leading West [VIDEO]Let's be courteous as Covid restrictions are lifted [EXPRESS COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's move to help Queen as Frogmore plan exposed [LIVE BLOG] Speaking to journalists in London, Mr Prystaiko said the country wanted "something which only Nato can provide" and that was a no-fly zone over the country. Mr Prystaiko said anti-tank weapons supplied by the UK had been used against Russian tanks on Thursday, as he called on Nato to send troops into Ukraine. He said "we should have started much earlier, maybe decades ago" to prepare for Russian aggression. "That's why we've been trying to get into Nato (for) all these years," he said. "Because we always believed this would come."