The decision to shift staff to Warsaw comes after Vladimir Putin, 69, said Moscow would recognise two regions in east Ukraine as independent states. Bloomberg reporter Jennifer Jacobs confirmed the move on social media. She said: "US is moving its Ukraine embassy staff out of the country and into Poland for security reasons, sources tell me and @AlbertoNardelli. "They may return to tomorrow if the Russian invasion doesn’t happen, I’m told." It had initially been reported Washington hoped to relocate to the western city of Lviv, some 335miles away from the Ukrainian capital. However, all State Department staff are now said to have relocated to a hotel in Poland. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, 59, said: "Our colleagues who recently relocated to Lviv will spend the night in Poland. JUST IN: UK to take swift vengeance on Putin — Boris orders ‘immediate’ payback after rebels split "They will regularly return to continue their diplomatic work in Ukraine and provide emergency consular services." The move comes after Boris Johnson, 57, claimed an invasion could occur within hours. The Prime Minister's office said he warned Volodymyr Zelenskyy, 44, about the possibility of an imminent invasion. Mr Johnson's office explained: "The Prime Minister told President Zelenskiy that he believed an invasion was a real possibility in the coming hours and days." They added: "He told President Zelenskiy that the UK had already drawn up sanctions to target those complicit in the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity, and that those measures would come into force tomorrow. READ MORE: Midlands hit with 3.2 magnitude tremor waking residents from sleep "The Prime Minister also said he would explore sending further defensive support to Ukraine, at the request of the Ukrainian Government." US President Joe Biden, 79, has since signed an executive order to prohibit trade and investment between Americans and the two breakaway regions. A White House statement said: "President Biden signed an Executive Order to respond to President Putin’s action to purportedly recognize the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics as ‘independent’ states. "President Putin’s action contradicts Russia’s commitments under the Minsk agreements, refutes Russia’s claimed commitment to diplomacy, and undermines Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity." DON'T MISS:EU commissioner seeks compensation after being forced to resign by VdL [REVEALED]Britain to deploy tanks and troops to Estonia as Russia crisis deepens [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as China tells Moscow to drop Ukraine war plans [SPOTLIGHT]