Former Everton flop Moise Kean could reportedly be the trigger for a transfer merry-go-round involving Kylian Mbappe and Mauro Icardi. Kean has spent three years at Goodison Park, but scored just four goals in that time. Having failed to impress a succession of managers, he was sent out on loan to Paris Saint-Germain last season. He rediscovered his goalscoring boots in the French capital, scoring 17 times in all competitions, despite a disappointing campaign for PSG. But after returning to Merseyside in the summer, he was moved on again, this time back to Juventus on a two-year loan deal, with an obligation to buy him when that comes to an end. It has not been as happy a return to Turin as Kean would have liked, with the Italian scoring just four goals in 28 games so far this term. Having been brought in to replace the firepower of Cristiano Ronaldo, those hopes have fallen flat. JUST IN: Gini Wijnaldum's PSG nightmare continues as ex-Liverpool man flops But PSG still hold admiration for him, despite his meagre goals return away from the Parc des Princes. According to Calciomercato, the door is ‘always open’ for Kean at the Ligue 1 table toppers, who would ‘appreciate’ his return. With PSG interested, Juventus are understood to be willing to allow him to leave the club, via yet another loan deal. The arrival of Dusan Vlahovic has left Keane battling for a place in Massimiliano Allegri’s side, with his performances currently not worthy of a starting spot. DON'T MISS: PSG president blasts referee over Messi, Neymar and Mbappe treatment (NEWS)Tottenham 'certainly' interested in signing Juventus star Paulo Dybala (TRANSFERS)Real Madrid's Mbappe saga saw Arsenal miss out on Vlahovic to Juventus (INSIGHT) His lack of goals have prompted concern among Juve’s hierarchy at the £23million fee they are obligated to pay Everton next summer, paving the way for PSG to make a move. Kean himself would ‘welcome’ a second spell at PSG it is stated, as he struggles to make his mark back in Serie A. If Kean does indeed return to PSG, it could be the trigger for a transfer merry-go-round involving two of his former team-mates at the French side. First, such a deal would all but confirm Mbappe’s free transfer to Real Madrid, with little sign that he will sign a new contract at PSG. The superstar has been the spearhead of attack for PSG, but is set to join Los Blancos in the summer window. Also expected to be on the move is Mauro Icardi, who Calciomercato claim has ‘long shown the will’ to leave PSG. Signing Kean would be the first step towards replacing the duo, who have been two of PSG’s first-choice options up-front. For now, PSG will continue to monitor his progress at Juve, with Allegri still hopeful he can finally get Keane to fire.