Despite weeks of negotiations and threats of sanctions from the west, Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine last week. At least 352 Ukrainian civilians have been killed so far and more than 1,600 people have been injured. However, Moscow has been unable to take hold of Ukraine as Kyiv continues to fight back. Now, one of Putin's former close colleagues, Andrey Illarionov, claimed the Russian President is "increasingly going mad". He told BBC Radio 4's World at One: "He is evolving or to be more accurate, he is devolving." He suggested Putin is "increasingly going mad" and his mental state is "definitely deteriorating". Concerns for Putin's mental health are particularly relevant as the Russian leader has his finger on the nuclear trigger. Mr Illarionov also warned Putin could use nuclear weapons and said it is an "extremely dangerous" situation. He continued: "I do not think the West does understand the threat, not only to Ukraine but to the West itself." However, British defence minister Ben Wallace said he does not expect Putin to use nuclear weapons in his pursuit of Ukraine. Mr Wallace told Times Radio: "We should be worried that a state like Russia believes that the rules don't apply to them, whether that is invading Ukraine or using nerve agent in Salisbury, but fundamentally a deterrent is what it is, a deterrent. READ MORE: Hell on Kyiv streets as sky lights up after massive explosion "As much as he might be ambitious for Ukraine, I don't think he wants to go into that space." Former US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who served under President George W. Bush, called Putin’s recent behavior "erratic." She said on Sunday: "I met with him many times, and this is a different Putin. "He was always calculating and cold, but this is different. DON'T MISS Putin told he doesn't need nuclear weapons to 'kill himself' [INSIGHT] Grieving Ukrainians bury their dead as sick children forced to hide [REVEAL] ‘Clear war crime’: Andrew Neil fumes at Russian strike on Ukraine city [COMMENT] "He seems erratic. "There is an ever deepening, delusional rendering of history." Over the weekend, French MEP Bernard Guetta claimed that Putin appeared to be "paranoid", adding: "I think this man is losing his sense of reality, to say it politely." Asked if that meant he thought Putin had gone mad, he said "yes". Meanwhile, Czech President Milos Zeman, who has long been a supporter of Putin, called him a "madman" following the invasion. It has since been suggested that brain fog, as a result of Long Covid, could be to blame. Pharmacist Hussain Abdeh from Medicine Direct said that a person's mental state could be altered by the virus. Speaking to the MailOnline, he said: "Research early on into the pandemic also found that a small number of people who tested positive for COVID-19 experienced sudden behavioural changes including delirium, confusion, and agitation." The changes can be characterised by excessive self-confidence, recklessness and contempt for others, the paper reported. While it is not known whether or not the Russian President has been infected with the virus, footage filmed in November showed him suffering a coughing fit during a TV appearance.