Manchester is commonly known as England's second city. Once a powerhouse of industry, it is now a major cultural hub, famous for its many fantastic nightclubs, extensive libraries and glorious sporting history. The city’s skyline is the perfect representation of the atmosphere, with modern structures brightening up historical streets. As the cost of living increases, many Britons from the south are heading up north in hopes of lower house prices - and away from the city centre Manchester offers just that. So what can Britons get for their money in the area? According to YouGov data, Manchester is in the top 10 most popular cities in the UK, ranking sixth on the list for millennials. The city offers a huge selection of bars and restaurants, with just about every national cuisine well represented whether Britons are looking for cheap eats or fancy treats, they’ll be sure to find something. Home to two of the best football teams in the world, Manchester is a mecca for fans of the game. Before settling in for a match at Old Trafford or the Etihad, football fans can learn more about the history of the sport at the National Football Museum. The job market in Manchester is strong and it is now considered the fastest growing city in the UK. What’s more Manchester has a good public transport network that is comprised of buses, trains and trams, with services of the Metrolink tram network and the three free Metroshuttle bus routes in the city centre. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows The northwest is considerably cheaper than a lot of the south of England. Affordability is one of the main reasons many people decide to relocate to Manchester. The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Manchester over the last 12 months stands at £269,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different properties for sale in the capital. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which needs work but has huge potential as well as a home worth the average asking price. Property: Three bedroom apartment Location: Number 1 Deansgate, Manchester Price: £1,400,000 Marketed by: Hunters, Manchester, via OnTheMarket This is a high specification apartment with triple aspect views situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This beautiful three bedroom luxury apartment boasts triple aspect views of Manchester city centre and beyond. The apartment offers a stunning layout with open plan living/dining room & fully fitted kitchen, complete with island which augments the functionality and aesthetics of this cooking area. It also has two large bedrooms with a third bedroom offering versatility as a home office. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ [EXPERT]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [TIPS] The eighth floor apartment is fitted with a main family bathroom with two additional en suites with all elevations tiled throughout. This home is perfect for those in love with modern interior decor. The apartment also houses two secure underground parking spaces included within the sale. The home also boasts a balcony area, which provides a highly usable and unique semi-outdoor space, an extension to the living accommodation. With excellent presentation throughout, this apartment is situated in a prime location giving access to the vast array of retail outlets such as Harvey Nicholls, Selfridges, Marks & Spencer, to name just a few. Property: Two bedroom terraced house Location: Rockcliffe Street, Rawtenstall, Rossendale Price: £119,950 Marketed by: Ryder & Dutton, Rawtenstall, via OnTheMarket This property is a real steal that would make the perfect project for a first time buyer, someone looking for a project or an investor. This is a Victorian, end of terrace property, on the edge of Rawtenstall centre. Just a two minute walk to the market and bustling High St, this property features a spacious lounge, plus fitted kitchen and generous rear yard, with brick out-house. The first floor features two bedrooms, with a larger double to the front with built-in wardrobe, plus a white, three-piece bathroom Situated on a small, established, residential cul-de-sac, this is a stone-fronted, Victorian end of terrace property. Enter via a modern Upvc front door, into a small porch and through an internal door with glazing above, into the lounge. Featuring laminate flooring and a large front window, a door off leads to stairs to the first floor, whilst an open doorway leads into the kitchen. A spacious kitchen with a collection of base and eye level cupboards, across three walls. There is a useful, under stairs larder/storage area, rear bay window, where the stainless steel sink can be found and there is a wooden door, with small, inset frosted window, giving access to the surprisingly generous rear yard, which features a brick out-building. The first floor landing has a useful alcove for storage, with internal doors to the bedrooms and bathroom. The front bedroom is a double, with built-in wardrobe, whilst the rear bedroom, is a small double/large single room. Between the two, there is a white three-piece bathroom, with panel bath and shower above, low level toilet, and pedestal wash hand basin. Property: Three bedroom detached house Location: Stockton Street, Swinton, Manchester Price: £260,000 Marketed by: Hills, via OnTheMarket This detached house includes three bedrooms and one family bathroom on the first floor. Located in Swinton, the property is well-presented with double glazed windows and gas central heating. The spacious ground floor comprises of an entrance hallway, two reception rooms and an extended kitchen. The property also benefits from a well-maintained garden to the rear. The home also includes a garage to the side of the front of the property. Ideal for those who drive, outside the property there is also space for off-road parking for multiple cars. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Cheltenham.