A new study revealed North Dakota is the happiest state in the US. New research by sleep experts Amerisleep took into consideration different factors that contribute towards happiness, such as health, income, work-life balance and environment, to find the happiest spot in America.  North Dakota ranked the happiest after performing well in level of income growth, open spaces and beauty, as well as national parks per square foot. Some of the biggest cities in the idyllic state of North Dakota are Fargo, Bismarck and Grand Forks. Tripadvisor user JACombs said about North Dakota: "Medora and Theodore Roosevelt National Park are great in North Dakota. If you like nature hikes and such, that's a great option. Fargo is having a real renaissance with their downtown for bars and good restaurants. Lake Sacagawea is great for water enthusiasts. Fishing is fabulous on the Missouri River and Devils Lake. And we've got tons of little towns with great cafes and friendly people." In second position was Vermont, the beautiful state on the East Coast. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below READ MORE: Pilot shares common mistake passengers make 'reducing survival'  Vermont performed particularly well on health, which is one of the most important contributors to happiness. Nebraska was named the third happiest state and scored the highest in the index for the best work-life balance. California placed fourth in the list, with one of the largest amount of green space per square foot in the US, which happens to be an important factor in determining happiness. The least happy state is Kentucky, followed by West Virginia and Tennessee.  April Mayer from Amerisleep explained: “This data paints a fascinating picture of happiness across the US. "The study analysed a large array of factors, from sleep levels and access to healthcare to average commute time and house size. "The states at the top of the list offer a great combination of the things that make people happy.” But what factors contribute towards happiness? Health ranks as the most important contributor towards happiness, according to the OECD Better Life Index. That takes into consideration the depression rate, sleep, suicide numbers and number of hospitals per capita. Education is the second most important element for happiness, followed by work-life balance. The environment is fourth on the list of things that make people happy in America, including the percentage of trees, open spaces and beauty and national parks. Safety is ranked as the fifth most important consideration for happiness with Alaska being the safest state in the country. Other important contributors to happiness are housing and income. 1 . North Dakota 2 . Vermont 3 . Nebraska 4 . South Dakota 5 . California 6 . Rhode Island 7 . Iowa 8 . Montana 9 . Oregon 10 . Utah