The Government’s decision to suspend the state pension triple lock reduced the level of increase pensioners will receive from April. Inflation has soared in recent months, compounding the potentially difficult financial position pensioners could find themselves in. Under the traditional terms of the triple lock policy, the state pension had been set to rise by 8.1 percent. The triple lock policy ensures that the state pension rises by the highest of three figures every year. These are: READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP Following these guidelines, the state pension should increase by 8.1 percent, but the Government decided to remove the earnings link from the triple lock policy for the 2022/23 tax year. The decision was taken as the Government believed the number of people returning to work from the furlough scheme was bloating the figure. By failing to honour the triple lock, the Government broke a manifesto commitment from the 2019 election. An 8.1 percent rise would have been by far the biggest applied to the state pension since the triple lock policy was introduced. DON'T MISSNatWest is offering ‘tempting’ 3% interest on savings plus £150 in cash [BANKING]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [INSIGHT]State pension: 500,000 Britons will not get increase in April due to frozen pensions [WARNING] Instead, a 3.1 percent increase will be implemented from April, in line with the rate of inflation as of September 2021. The full new state pension is currently paid at a rate of £179.60 per week. Once the increase kicks in, this will rise to £185.15. Pensioners could therefore get an additional £288.60 in a year compared to the 2021/22 tax year. However, had the triple lock been honoured as normal, the full new state pension would have risen to £194.14. This would have potentially given state pension recipients an extra £756 of income in a full year. Unfortunately for pensioners, since the state pension increase was locked in, inflation has skyrocketed. The current rate of inflation is 5.5 percent, a 30-year high. This means by the time the state pension increase comes into effect, it could be outpaced by inflation. Pensioners could therefore be losing money in real terms, despite receiving more income each week. This alarming development led to calls for the Government to reinstate the state pension triple lock in its usual form, or to implement an adjusted version which would still give pensioners a larger increase than 3.1 percent but not the full 8.1 percent. However, these proposals were rejected.