Starz’s highly acclaimed romance drama Outlander will soon be making its long-awaited return to screens with its sixth season. Ahead of its premiere, the series was renewed for a seventh season and Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan shared an exciting update. On Thursday, Sam Heughan joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on the sofa of This Morning to discuss the new season of Outlander. The actor who starred as a Jacobite warrior Jamie Fraser, also provided an exciting update about the recently confirmed season seven. As the episode came to an end, Schofield remarked: “Season seven has been confirmed.” To which, Heughan responded: “It has and we’ll start shooting pretty soon.” READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers? Although season six has yet to be premiered, Starz officially confirmed its seventh instalment back in March 2021. In a statement, Christina Davis, President of Original Programming for Starz, disclosed: “Starz is committed to investing in unapologetic, bold premium storytelling that amplifies diverse voices and shines a spotlight on women in front of and behind the camera through our #TakeTheLead initiative. “The hit series ‘Outlander’ embodies everything about our initiative including a powerful female lead character and an amazing team of storytellers. “We look forward to following the adventures of Claire and Jamie in America during the Revolution as well as more time travel during this next season.”  Thankfully for fans, season seven will be a lot longer than the sixth which had to be shortened due to the pandemic. After season five came to an end in May 2020, much like the entire film and TV industry, Outlander was faced with many delays. The lack of episodes was dubbed “droughtlander” and to make up for it, the network announced an additional seven episodes and in total it will consist of 16 episodes. Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B. Roberts informed fans: “Filming in 2021 has presented an unprecedented set of challenges which led us to the decision to truncate the season in order to bring the fans the most vibrant and dynamic season as soon as possible.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]Outlander's Caitriona Balfe forced to defend missing season 6 premiere [INSIGHT]Outlander: Sam Heughan teases big tragedy 'the end of Fraser’s Ridge’ [INSIGHT] “Dinna fash, we will then film an extended season seven with 16 episodes next year as life returns to normalcy,” he concluded. Outlander is the on screen adaptation of a series of best-selling novels written by Diana Gabaldon and season seven will be based on her book Echo in the Bone. Although the sixth instalment has yet to reveal the fate of the main characters, they are all set to reprise their roles for season seven. This will see the Fraser family survive the American Revolutionary War, which will be one of the main challenges they will face in the upcoming season six.  While there haven’t been any major spoilers about season seven, Claire Fraser star Caitriona Balfe did reveal it would be “tough”. Speaking on Josh Horowitz’s ‎Happy Sad Confused podcast, the actress stated: “The first two eps are in my inbox so it’s exciting, we’re gearing up to get back on it. “It’ll be a tough one, we’ll be shooting for a whole year. So, in the words of Dougal McKenzie, we’re going to gird our loins.” With the Frasers’ set to be overcoming the trauma they faced towards the end of season five, fans will have to stay tuned to see their fate when season seven eventually premieres. Outlander season 6 will premiere on Sunday, March 6 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK. 