Jurgen Klopp has admitted "the human being won" after his own personal battle in Liverpool's team selection paid off in the Carabao Cup final. Chelsea and Liverpool went toe-to-toe at Wembley in a fascinating encounter from start to finish. Both teams were playing at a high tempo, but somehow the game ended 0-0 after extra-time. Neither team seemingly wanted the game to end early either with all outfield players scoring in the penalty shoot-out before it was the turn of the goalkeepers. Caoimhin Kelleher was up first and he calmly slotted his effort past Kepa Arrizabalaga, sending the Spaniard the wrong way. Kepa, who was brought on specifically for the penalty shoot-out, was up next to keep Chelsea in the final but he skied his effort over the bar with Liverpool crowd Carabao Cup champions. There were plenty of conversations on who Chelsea would go with in goal out of Kepa or Mendy, with the former playing in every other round of the Carabao Cup. Thomas Tuchel ended up choosing to go with Mendy for the final with the Senegal international pulling off some tremendous saves during the match. But Klopp also faced questions on his choice for the goalkeeper with Alisson widely regarded as one of the best keepers in world football. The Liverpool boss stated after their semi-final win over Arsenal that Kelleher would keep his place for the final. However, the German head coach has admitted that he wasn't always sure on his decision. "Even in professional football there should be space for some sentiment," Klopp said. "Caoimhin Kelleher is a young boy, plays in all the competition, what do I do? "I am two things, a professional manager and a human being and the human being won. He deserves it.  "At the training centre we have a wall that all goalkeepers are on who won something and Caoimhin can go on it - that's how it should be - absolutely great. "I am happy for the people to celebrate something like this. Chelsea are incredibly strong, we matched each other. "That is the start, we are not silly. We need to have luck - we had luck, that could have been 5-5." 