Countryfile star Julia Bradbury was devastated to learn last autumn that she was battling breast cancer. Since then, she has been re-evaluating her lifestyle - and that involves ditching a food addiction that has plagued her life. Brandishing an irresistible piece of chocolate cake for a photo, which she emblazoned with a nuclear warning sign, Julia confessed that the habit she'd been struggling to kick was her love of sugar. "I've always had a sweet tooth," she admitted to over 203,000 Instagram followers of her worst habit. "[I] felt lucky that I could eat the doughnuts, dunk the biscuits every day & snaffle the brownies, without putting on weight." However, in just a few short months, breast cancer changed Julia's life completely, and perhaps irreversibly. READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning The 51-year-old recently had a mastectomy to give herself the best chance of survival, and she is now re-assessing and tackling all of the bad habits that have crept up in previous years too. "Since my breast cancer diagnosis I've been re-evaluating my diet & lifestyle & I realise that I'd let my sugar addiction creep up on me. "A treat is a treat, but loading up on refined sugar every day, just isn't healthy - whatever your weight. "And it's not easy to avoid - sugar is hidden in foods under so many names." Julia, who has clearly been reading up on dietary requirements, then reeled off a mammoth list of suspect ingredients that the aspiring healthy eater should recognise and try to avoid. "Anhydrous dextrose, brown sugar, cane crystals, cane sugar, corn sweetener, corn syrup, corn syrup solids, crystal dextrose, evaporated cane juice, fructose sweetener, fruit juice concentrates, high-fructose corn syrup, honey, liquid fructose, malt syrup, maple syrup, molasses, pancake syrup, raw sugar, sugar, syrup and white sugar," she listed. "Other types of sugar you might commonly see on ingredient lists are fructose, lactose and maltose. Fructose is sugar derived from fruit and vegetables; lactose is milk sugar; and maltose is sugar that comes from grain. "Eating lots of refined carbohydrates, including foods with added sugar, can lead to obesity." DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  She added warningly: "Having too much body fat is a clear risk factor for cancer. "Body fat promotes inflammation, which can damage DNA and lead to cancer & other diseases - a good rule of thumb is to eat the healthiest diet you can (balanced/varied) 80% of the time and save the treats for the remaining 20%." Then she quizzed her fans: "Are you addicted to refined sugars?" The post sparked a heated conversation amongst fans who were also struggling to curb their sweet tooth. "I’m a sugar addict Julia. I’m trying so hard to cut down but it is supposedly, worse than crack cocaine," @dollfin74 revealed. "You are right Julia, sugar is really a poison to our bodies, they add it to too many products to make them taste better and we all end up addicted to it and if we have tendency to put weight like myself, we end up being overweight," lamented @begona.hernandez. Meanwhile, on a more positive note, @jims_theword marvelled that her healthy eating regime was visibly paying off, adding: "You look absolutely fabulous Julia!"