Jacqueline Jossa, who played Lauren Branning on EastEnders, quit the BBC soap in 2018. The mum-of-two spoke candidly about her money woes in an honest chat and added that she was far from "embarrassed" or "ashamed" about it. The 29-year-old revealed she had a huge shock after leaving EastEnders almost four years ago as she lost a steady salary. The I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! winner also shared that she was forced to sell her home before being crowned Queen of the Jungle in 2019. Her comments come as the doting mum has been busy renovating her £1.2 million Essex home that she shares with her partner Dan Osborne and their two daughters. Jacqueline opened up about her struggles during a chat with Sam and Billie Faiers on their podcast The Sam and Billie Show. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield She explained: "You're right about the hustle. I was on EastEnders for eight years where you got a set pay cheque every week. "It was a set pay cheque and I didn't have to do anything else. It was my comfort blanket, it was what I knew. Then it just wasn't. "There's no such thing for me as maternity pay, so when I had kids I had to leave and I had to do magazine covers to make money to feed my kids." Jacqueline continued: "Once you're gone, when you're not on the show, you don't have money. Done! You're not paid anything else. "I'm going to have to do like a shoot. People go, 'Why are you selling your soul?' I'm feeding my kids. That's the difference. I'm not embarrassed, I'm not ashamed." The former soapstar went on to explain that she did have some financial struggles and didn't have any money. "There's been times where I haven't had money," Jacqueline went on. "Before I went in the jungle I was struggling with money. I had to sell my house." DON'T MISS... Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing[LATEST]Derek Draper once told Kate Garraway to 'leave him in a home' if ill[HEALTH]Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy'[STRICTLY] The small-screen star explained that she has credited going into the jungle for giving her more opportunities. Jacqueline said: "And then I went in the jungle and had amazing opportunities, so I would never ever ever look at somebody and say, 'They're not hustling enough'. You have to do it." After she appeared on I'm A Celeb, Jacqueline landed herself a deal with InTheStyle - and the collection sold out. Jacqueline, who shares daughters Ella, seven, and Mia, three with TOWIE star Dan, moved into their "forever home" last year, and have since been documenting their renovations on social media. Meanwhile, the ex-EastEnders star opened up about having more children and admitted she had no plans to do so. Speaking on an Instagram Q&A last year, she admitted she had no plans on getting pregnant. She shared the update after an inquisitive fan asked the brunette: "Are you and Dan going to have more children xx." Opening up on how she does not see any more tots in her future, the mother-of-two replied: "I don't think so to be honest," before adding: "My family is so complete."