Paris Saint-Germain ace Neymar has revealed he is desperate to play in the USA and return to Brazil for a second stint in his homeland before hanging up his boots. Neymar moved to France from Barcelona in 2017 after the Parisians shelled out a world record £200million to prise him away from the Nou Camp. Neymar has been a star player for PSG over the last five years and has racked-up 91 goals and 56 assists during his four-and-a-half years in France. The 30-year-old has been criticised at times, however, due the number of league games he has missed. PSG have played 177 Ligue 1 matches since they signed Neymar – but the Brazil forward has only played in 81 of them. He has regularly turned out in the Champions League, however, and the blockbuster star helped his team reach the final in 2020, where they ultimately lost to Bayern Munich. Neymar’s current deal in France runs until the summer of 2025 so he looks set for at least three more years at Parc des Princes unless a rival club stumps up a prodigious amount of cash to force a move sooner. READ MORE: Arsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendation  If Neymar departs after seeing out his current contract at PSG, he will be 33 years old by the time he moves on. He could still be producing the goods at that age and could be targeted by Europe’s top clubs. But Neymar came through the youth system at Santos in his homeland - and the former Barca man appears to have his heart set on a move to the Americas. “I am excited to return to play in Santos,” Neymar said. “What I really miss is playing in my town. My God, that stadium is marvellous. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     “I am also excited to play in the United States for at least one season. It’s a short competition - you have three or four months of vacation.” Some of the best players in the history of the game have spent time playing in the MLS towards the end of their careers. The likes of David Beckham, Thierry Henry and Zlatan Ibrahimovic have all played in the competition. And Lionel Messi has also been tipped to finish his career there.   Messi is currently team-mates with Neymar at PSG and the duo will first be hoping to bring European glory to Paris. PSG are among the favourites to lift this season’s Champions League trophy and took one step closer to silverware as they defeated Real Madrid 1-0 in the first leg of their final 16 encounter last week. They face the return trip to the Bernabeu on Wednesday, March 9, and PSG’s talent-laden squad will be hoping to seal their place in the quarter-finals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 