This is the second consecutive year that Jason has won the SAG award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series. The ensemble accepted the award remotely. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Hannah Waddingham, 47, who plays football club owner, Rebecca Welton, on Ted Lasso, said: “Even though we’re a complete gaggle of idiots, we’re so appreciative. “Thank you so, so much and we wish you were there with you.”  She also thanked Apple and Warner Bros. and Juno Temple, her co-star, who was attending the awards show. “Juno Temple! We love you,” Hannah said. The Ted Lasso stars are no strangers to awards show success. Jason Sudeikis previously took home an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series in 2021, while Brett Goldstein and Hannah Waddingham picked up an Emmy each for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, respectively, in 2021. READ MORE: Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil Vickery in candid chat  In his acceptance speech, Jason thanked his children Otis, 7, and Daisy, 5, with ex-fiance Olivia Wilde, and his Ted Lasso colleagues. He said: “Thank you very much to all you guys, first and foremost, thank you. “There's my ensemble cast of Ted Lasso. “Thank you to Apple, Warner Brothers, all the writers, everybody in post-production, everybody in production, our COVID crew that kept everybody safe all last season.” He added: “Thanks to my kids, thanks to, you know, everybody I got to take improv classes with. “Do improv shows with, everybody from Second City. “My cast and crew and generation at SNL,” he continued. “My folks, my family and this chosen family here. DON’T MISS: Neil Jones: Strictly pro speaks out on judging role after co-star announces show exit [LATEST]‘Is she ok?’ Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence in new post [INSIGHT] 'That wasn't him' Jane McDonald shares 'tough' final months with late fiancé [UPDATE]    “So thank you very much. “I really appreciate it.” Brett Goldstein, Juno Temple and Hannah Waddington had also been nominated in various categories. Fans will be pleased to hear that the third season of Ted Lasso began shooting earlier this month. Brendan Hunt, who plays Coach Beard, has shared the news that season three would premiere later than usual. Series co-creator, Brendan, told TVLine: “We’re in pre-production, and scripts are written.” “We are definitely starting later this year than in season two, that’s for sure, so I would be surprised if our delivery dates were the same. “That’s above my pay grade, I don’t know for sure, but I do have a vague understanding of the limits of this dimension we call time. “I would say it seems pretty unlikely that we would [premiere] as early this year. “It’ll happen, and it’ll take longer than people want it to, [but] we’re just going to try and get it right," he added. Shows Hacks, Only Murders in the Building, The Great and The Kominsky Method were nominated in the same category as Ted Lasso for Best Comedy Cast.