Earlier this month, Novak Djokovic broke his silence on being unable to compete at the Australian Open due to his Covid-19 vaccination status. In an in-depth interview with Amol Rajan, the World No.1 tennis pro discussed the controversial decision not to have the vaccine and whether it will cost him becoming the most successful male player of all time. The BBC has since confirmed it received complaints from viewers who felt the tennis player shouldn't have been given a platform to speak. Some viewers called out the BBC at the time for being "irresponsible". Discussing the complaints, the broadcaster said: "We received complaints from some viewers who felt Novak Djokovic's interview was given too much prominence and felt it is irresponsible for the BBC to provide him with a platform to air his views against the Covid vaccine." The broadcaster released a statement to its official complaints report defending its decision to air the interview. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' The BBC said they believed the interview was of "interest" to its audience. The statement began: "The BBC’s exclusive interview is the first time Novak Djokovic has spoken about his position himself, and our news editors judged that the interview was of genuine significance and was of interest to our audience, particularly in light of what unfolded in the build-up of the Australian Open in January. "We appreciate that not everyone will agree with our choice of story running orders, but we consider that this has been a big ongoing news story which also encompasses key issues such as mandatory vaccination and international travel restrictions." The broadcaster concluded its statement by pointing out some people made the decision not to have the vaccine, and so they needed to ensure their reports are balanced. "There are still many people who choose not to be vaccinated and we think it is important to hear from all sides of the discussion," the broadcaster explained. "However the BBC has always made clear the scientific and medical consensus on vaccination and its effectiveness, and we have done so throughout our coverage of this story." At the time, the one-off special also sparked backlash with viewers, with many claiming to "switch off" the programme. Some fans were left fuming after the interview caused minor delays to BBC drama This is Going to Hurt. DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [INSIGHT]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery row [VIDEO] Taking to social media to share their frustration, Liam penned: "@BBCNews scheduling the #Djokovic interview another nail in the coffin for the BBC, where is the counterpoint?" Denise tweeted: "Why on earth is there a programme on @bbc all about #Djokovic and his refusal to have a vaccine? Who actually cares what he does or doesn’t do?" Cristel raged: "I’m a normal person. I had to turn off BBC this evening over its portrayal of #novakdjokovic . Disgraceful propaganda." (sic) While Bazza added: "#bbc are you having a laugh! 30 minutes devoted to #NovakDjokovic to waffle on about himself and his view on vaccination and his exclusive body !#bbcpov #Newswatch - we don’t care. "He’s just a sports personality! His view on vaccination is irrelevant ! Stick with real news!" (sic) However, some viewers praised Amol for his interview technique with the tennis professional. User @thedoghouse said: "Excellent interview by @amolrajan. Great questions, great interview. I think @DjokerNole came across well during what must be an extraordinarily difficult time for him. #Djokovic #novakdjokovic." (sic) Sean tweeted: "Just the Novak interview with Amol Rajan, great interview and a lot more respect now for Novak, top man."(sic)