GB News's Home and Security editor Mark White reiterated that NATO will not come to Ukraine's rescue if a war is to erupt with Russia. Mr White warned that both the US and UK's initial predictions about a Russian incursion were unerring as more and more military forces are camping around Ukraine's borders. And NATO troops are being deployed to Ukraine's neighbour countries Poland and Estonia to "bolster their defences". Mr White said that the worst-case scenario, or in other words a full-scale invasion, is to be expected taking the "concerning" signs into account. He said: "A great deal of concern and from our point of view, military point of view, we’re not there to assist Ukraine directly in any kind of military intervention. "It’s not part of NATO, we’re sending extra troops to NATO countries where Poland and Estonia bolster their defences and reassure them. "They're understandably worried at this time but as far as any wider intervention by the UK or the US in Ukraine that’s not gonna happen. JUST IN: 'Think he'll be King?!' Prince Harry blasted for claiming 'direct line of succession'  "It’s not a part of NATO but they’ve got to prepare for it. "Pictures of that area in Eastern Ukraine are quite concerning." He continued: "Obviously showing those Russian military forces heading towards the border and indeed crossing the border. "We’re in a period from the political leaders in the US and UK of ‘I told you so’, they said that this is what Vladimir Putin had planned all along to launch some kind of an invasion and in fact they’ve gone beyond that." READ MORE: Police slam 'off road morons' as Land Rover driver gets stuck under bridge "They are saying that the next move is a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. "Now for that part the Russians say that’s not what their intention is here but they’ve moved into these rebel-held areas in a peace-keeping rule." And the fact that Russia could decide to recognise further "rebel-areas" as independent could add insult to injury. DON'T MISS Should've happened a decade ago!' Merkel slammed as Scholz CUTS Putin's gas pipeline‘Cancel culture has gone too far’ John Barrowman defends ‘exposing himself’ on Doctor WhoRafael Nadal backs Daniil Medvedev in attempt at ending Novak Djokovic dominance He said: "The cause for concern is a statement that has just come out from the Kremlin about a wider recognition of areas within that area of Donetsk and Luhansk and these rebel-held areas around them. "They’d recognise as well areas that are currently held by Ukrainian military forces that they would also be recognised as part of breakaway republics. "Now, if that’s the case that is clearly a potential for conflict going forward depending on how Ukraine would react to that."