Dr. Clare shared a tip with her followers, advising: "Eat your calories early in the day." The wife of Dr. Michael Mosley, who devised the 5:2 diet and the Fast 800 diet, creates recipes supporting the hugely popular diet plans. She has suggested eating earlier in the morning for fast weight loss. The expert said: "This is because these early calories are more likely to be burned up when you are active, whereas eating later in the day is more likely to be stored as fat. "So, have a good filling breakfast and lunch, with a light evening meal. READ MORE: 'Simple habit': Fitness guru's healthy weight loss snack tip 'won't send you sugar crazy' "Timing of meals is important, so avoid saving the calories for a big dinner as this is likely be treated by your body as a feast and stored as fat. "So you can have a filling breakfast on this diet including bacon, eggs, sausage, and mushrooms on the Keto Diet. "Michael and I both enjoy a filling protein-packed breakfast. "It keeps you going for longer and reduces the urge to snack." DON'T MISSMichael Mosley's wife Dr Clare Bailey's weight loss salad [RECIPE] Dr. Clare Bailey's keto breakfast recipe [WEIGHT LOSS] Fitness guru’s healthy snacks - how to 'feed that chocolate craving' [DIET] Dr. Clare recommends a breakfast traybake. Each serving has 361 calories and only 4.5g of carbs. Each serving contains half a large tomato, a portobello mushroom, a Cumberland sausage, a rasher of bacon, a baked egg, and a tablespoon of olive oil. 1. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees C/fan 180 degrees C/gas 6 and line a baking sheet with non-stick baking paper. 2. Place the tomato, mushrooms, sausages, bacon on the tray. 3. Drizzle olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the oven for 20 minutes. 4. Remove from the oven, break the egg into the tray, and back for five minutes. Dr. Clare recently discussed how to build a healthy lunch with a weight loss salad method. The health expert told her followers: "Eat enough protein. This is because we can’t store protein and have to get most of it in our diet. "Inadequate levels will leave you feeling hungrier and it's important for your body to function effectively. "This salad is one you can assemble yourself and be creative with tastes, textures and flavours - and don’t forget to add a substantial amount of protein."