Eyebrows frame a face and can make a huge difference to their wearer. Both Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton have moved with the times, growing out the thinner eyebrows of their youth. Sian Dellar, a brow specialist and founder of Sian Dellar Permanent Makeup Clinic, analysed both sets of royal brows. She told Express.co.uk Kate has opted for a groomed brow, while Meghan has embraced a natural shape. Sian said: "We can see that in the early days Kate’s brows were much thinner at the ends suggesting she may have over-tweezed when she was younger. "She has since grown them out and now Kate's brows are looking a lot fuller and fluffy giving her a much more groomed shape. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's sapphire earrings with link to Queen Mother would 'fetch well over £1m' "It certainly looks like Kate Middleton has had brow lamination due to the straightness and fluffiness of the brow hairs. "Kate has naturally thick and healthy-looking brows anyway, but the straightness of the hairs is a telltale sign. "Lamination is the hottest new trend at the moment for brow maintenance and we see high volumes of clients requesting it." What exactly is brow lamination? Sian explained: "The treatment is so popular because it creates a very full and fluffy brow that lasts around six weeks and is a more affordable (and temporary) option than micro-blading. The treatment is completely pain-free. DON'T MISSKate's 'imperfect' teeth reflect a 'more British' sensibility [DENTIST] Kate Middleton's sapphire gems 'NOT likely to have belonged to Diana' [JEWELLERY] Kate's 'laminated' brows: Has Duchess opted for next big eyebrow trend? [BEAUTY] "A fixing gel is applied to the natural hairs that have been brushed into shape, essentially straightening the hairs and keeping them looking bigger and fuller. A tint can also be applied to define the look even more. "Brown lamination is extremely beneficial for people with very fair and sparse eyebrows that want to create a look that is more enhanced without having to apply makeup every day. "The only drawback would be that it only lasts six weeks, so regular maintenance is advised. "Her full brow is very youthful and frames her face very well." "Meghan has a more classic slim-looking brow, straight with a slightly tapered end, which opens up her eyes and flatters her face. "The shape is said to be inspired by Audrey Hepburn. "Meghan, too, has grown her eyebrows out in recent years as they have appeared much thinner in past photos. "She has a much fuller brow now, but not as thick shape-wise as Kate’s and a more natural shape and not as obviously groomed looking." Kate Middleton's teeth were recently analysed by the dentist, who said the Duchess has "one of the most beautiful and eye-catching smiles". Dr. Aneka Khaira, a general and cosmetic dentist, analysed Kate's teeth. She suggests the "imperfect" look of Kate Middleton's teeth reflect a "more British" sensibility than the classic Hollywood smile. Dr. Aneka said: "Kate undoubtedly has one of the most beautiful and eye-catching smiles."