Whoopi Goldberg reacted to British Prime Minister Boris Johnson announcing the end of Covid-19 restrictions for England. Ms Goldberg described the move away from tough restrictions as a "big step." The talk show host mocked Mr Johnson. due to the recent party gate scandal, which exposed allegations of senior Tories, including Mr Johnson breaking lockdown rules by holding boozy parties at 10 Downing Street. Ms Goldberg discussed Queen Elizabeth's announcement that she had tested positive for Covid-19 and cancelled all of her engagements due to this. Ms Goldberg said: "The UK just took a big step in trying to return to pre-pandemic life. "Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that they're ending all Covid safety restrictions in England take a look." Mr Johnson told the House of Commons: "We will encourage people with Covid-19 symptoms to exercise personal responsibility. "Just as we may encourage people who have flu to be considerate to others, it is time that we got our confidence back. "We don't need laws to compel people to be considerate to others, we can rely on that sense of responsibility, towards one another." JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms    Ms Goldberg added: "You know it's funny Bo, I can call you Bo, right Boris? "You know, he's been in a lot of trouble recently because he was throwing all kinds of parties in the midst of Covid-19 and the Omicron. "So, I find it very funny that he's now very like gung-ho, and we don't have to do it anymore, and it's all good. "But this all comes at the same time the Queen cancelled her engagements because she got Covid." The UK Government have also announced that asymptomatic testing will stop, and British citizens will now have to pay for rapid flow tests. READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop  Guest member of the independent SAGE group spoke about the end of free testing, Dr Stephen Griffin told the Express: “It's going to generate a two-tier society in terms of [people’s] ability to be aware of their status. “Wealthy people, well-supported people, will understand if they have an infection.” “you’re going to have to choose between heating your house, eating or testing for Covid now. “And that’s ridiculous.” DON’T MISS: Expert warns China laser shot in Aussie waters 'closest attempt at military intimidation' Mr Griffin added: "here's no way that if prevalence is as high as it is now, not understanding if someones infectious is going to help anybody with a disability or is clinically vulnerable. “They're going to have to segregate themselves in society again. “They've basically been living a half-life the last two years, anyway. Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan announced the imposed face mask restriction will also end. Mr Khan said in a statement: “Following the Government dropping all legal Covid restrictions, and in light of falling infection levels in London, it is expected that wearing a face-covering will no longer be a condition of carriage on the TfL network.” “However, we know that face coverings remain a simple, effective measure that give Londoners confidence to travel, and following clear advice from public health advisers, TfL will likely continue to recommend their use on the network. “I urge passengers to be considerate of their fellow Londoners and continue to wear a face-covering where appropriate unless exempt.” 