Leeds United are expected to announce former RB Leipzig manager Jesse Marsch as Marcelo Bielsa's replacement this week. On Sunday, the West Yorkshire club announced Bielsa's exit on the back of another heavy Premier League defeat against Tottenham Hotspur at Elland Road. Leeds enjoyed a positive Premier League return last term, finishing ninth, but have been dragged into a relegation battle after winning just five league games all season. Their 4-2 defeat to Tottenham at the weekend continued a torrid run of results after a 3-0 defeat at Everton, another four-goal defeat to Manchester United and a 6-0 mauling at Liverpool in midweek. And now, just two points above the bottom three, Leeds are set to make a change in the dugout as they bid to maintain their top-flight status. JUST IN: Gary Neville admits Liverpool have proved him wrong Extracts from the statement read: "Leeds United can today confirm the club have parted company with head coach Marcelo Bielsa. Leeds United will aim to make an announcement on a new appointment tomorrow." According to The Athletic, the imminent appointment in question looks set to be Marsch receiving his chance to manage in the Premier League. But some Leeds supporters have admitted concerns over his suitability to keep them in the Premier League, with Leipzig sacking him after just four months in charge in December. And reported comments that emerged after his departure will only intensify doubt amongst the fan base ahead of a fierce fight for survival. READ MORE: Ex-Man Utd star Owen Hargreaves hits out at Ralf Rangnick view Shortly after Marsch lost his job as Leipzig boss, journalist Christian Kynast made a stunning revelation in one of his BILD columns. He claimed that the American coach expressed doubts directly to the club that he was the right man for the job. In December, Kynast wrote: "For a long time, Marsch had stopped being convinced by himself. "Exactly twice in the Autumn, he conveyed doubts to the bosses as to whether he was the right man. How is he supposed to convince a team?" The 43-year-old won back-to-back league and cup doubles at Austrian giants RB Salzburg from 2019 to 2021. But he looked out of his depth at Leipzig, and the comments above will undoubtedly strike fear into the hearts of Leeds fans, who need a saviour. It's a bold move from the club, and Marsch will arrive in England surrounded by a sense of unpredictability about how he will fare. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.