This Morning's Holly Willoughby has broken her silence on being compared to actress and lifestyle guru, Gwyneth Paltrow. Speaking at the launch of her lifestyle brand Wylde Moon's new perfume, earlier in the week, the mother-of-three, 41, revealed how it felt to be compared to the Hollywood A-lister and businesswoman who launched hugely successful lifestyle brand Goop, 14 years ago. The ITV presenter gushed over the ex-wife of Coldplay star Chris Martin, after hearing that she had been compared to the star. Holly told The Sun: "It feels pretty amazing. "She has been hugely successful and, in a way, she did exactly what I was talking about tonight. "Even though she was hugely successful in one area of her life, she had other dreams and she wanted to follow them," she added. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement The TV host revealed that she looked up to Gwyneth for starting her own company following a successful acting career. She confessed: "I hugely admire her for that.” Holly launched her company Wylde Moon back in September and it has since gone from strength to strength. The ITV star was joined by many of her celeb friends at the star studded event which was held at the London Coliseum. Amongst the stars in attendance was Holly's best pal and This Morning co-host Phillip Schofield. Stunning in a cream, two-piece suit, Holly and Phillip cuddled up on the red carpet to celebrate the launch of her debut perfume. The This Morning presenter paired her suit with black and white polka dot stilettos and wore her blonde tresses in pretty waves. Taking his mind off the feud with his ITV colleague Eamonn Holmes, Phil appeared to be all smiles as he supported his friend's business. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson blasts 'wannabe' Cruz Beckham for 'provocative' shoot [INSIGHT]Shirley Ballas slams dancers for 'promoting business' amid Ukraine war [ANALYSIS]Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [UPDATE] Their appearance comes as it's reported that Holly has been "supporting Phillip" after he was slammed by Eamonn Holmes for "snubbing" his wife, Ruth Langsford. In a recent interview, Eamonn hit out at the Oldham-born star for "snubbing" his wife, Loose Women host Ruth on ITV in 2019. A source claimed: "Phil's This Morning family are rallying around him after the comments, none more so than Holly. "It's no secret there is no love lost between Phil and Eamonn but Holly felt she had to defend her 'work husband' after all the support he's shown her over the years, particularly on the week he celebrated 40 years in showbiz," they added to OK! Magazine. "She thought the comments were very below the belt," the source added. Speaking to the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine about the moment, Eamonn said: "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people. "It's up to Ruth to say how she felt, but I was feeling hurt for her. "No one would have snubbed me like that," he added.