Camilla, 74, caught the virus for the first time just days after the Prince of Wales contracted the illness for a second time. The duchess carried out a string of engagements last Thursday - the day Charles tested positive. The View host Sunny Hostin went on to claim Camilla or Charles gave the Queen Covid. The conspiracy theory forced Whoopi Goldberg to intervene. Ms Hostin said: "Prince Charles I guess was breathing all over her and gave her Covid. "Now Camilla has Covid, maybe Camilla gave it to her." Whoopi interjected: "Maybe she just got it in the air like everybody else." Sunny continued: "Well, Camilla doesn't follow rules of obligations of people that are married." READ MORE: Prince Andrew could 'reinvent himself' in Megxit-style move to America Ms Goldberg added: "Stop, stop, stop" before the conversation moved on. It comes as the Queen is experiencing "mild cold like symptoms" after testing positive for Covid but expects to be at her desk carrying out "light duties", Buckingham Palace has said. Concerns for the Queen, 95, will be heightened given her age and recent health scare but it appears the head of state is determined to carry out what tasks she can despite contracting the virus. The diagnosis follows a string of Covid cases among the royal family and the Queen's Windsor Castle team, with the Prince of Wales meeting the monarch the week he tested positive, and the Duchess of Cornwall also isolating after contracting the virus. The shock announcement was made just a few weeks after the nation's longest-reigning monarch reached her historic Platinum Jubilee of 70 years on the throne on February 6.  Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "Buckingham Palace confirm that The Queen has today tested positive for Covid. "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week. "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines. The Royal Household has its own royal physicians and the Queen's doctors will be on hand to take care of and monitor the head of state, with Professor Sir Huw Thomas, head of the Medical Household and Physician to the Queen, expected to be in charge. DON'T MISS Kate sparks pregnancy plans as Duchess can 'talk William into' another [INSIGHT]Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch sparks 'one real concern' [VIDEO] It is understood the Queen is following Covid guidelines on self-isolating after testing positive but Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to repeal all pandemic regulations that restrict public freedoms in England when he lays out his vision for the future on Monday. The Queen is believed to be triple vaccinated but until recently had been on doctors' orders to rest since mid-October, after cancelling a run of engagements and spending a night in hospital undergoing preliminary tests. Just a few weeks ago, the monarch had begun to resume her normal duties, hosting at Sandringham her largest reception in months, on the eve of her Platinum Jubilee anniversary, and a few days later held her first in-person audience with the Prime Minister in many weeks. She now regularly uses a stick and recently commented about her mobility issues telling two senior military officers during a Windsor Castle reception "Well, as you can see, I can't move," when asked how she was.