High blood pressure often has no symptoms, and many people who have high blood pressure do not know it, according to the NHS. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) states many people with high blood pressure feel fine, “so it’s important to get your blood pressure checked regularly”. As many as five million adults in the UK have undiagnosed high blood pressure, so will not know that they are at risk, according to the charity.  Omron Healthcare says: “We all know that sugar causes obesity, but it’s also implicated in high blood pressure. “It disrupts your metabolism, for example by causing your body to produce too much insulin,”. It explains some foods are obviously packed with sugar, and others less so. These include fruit juice, which “may contain as much sugar as a non-diet soft drink”, and sports drinks which “may be packed with sugar to give you instant energy”. Diabetes.co.uk says: “Achieving good blood pressure control may be just as important to improve the vascular system and reduce complications.” READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Two signs to spot when going to the toilet - seen in 90% of patients  It explains: “Damage to nerves and blood vessels can arise from chronically elevated blood sugars, yes, but heart conditions develop much more quickly if blood pressure is constantly high. “This is because tissues in the heart are more vulnerable to increases in blood pressure than other tissues, which are protected by more robust upstream vascular networks.” It cites a review in the journal Open Heart dated from 2014 which argues that a high consumption of added sugars in the diet may be strongly and directly associated with high blood pressure. The organisation says: “There is little doubt that a massive reduction in added sugar, fructose, and only modest consumption of fruit can help”.   It adds: “Avoiding processed foods and other sources of non-vegetable carbs from the diet, due to their being high in sugar, should be the number one recommendation for someone who has high blood pressure.” The NHS explains: “Making healthy lifestyle changes can sometimes help reduce your chances of getting high blood pressure and help lower your blood pressure if it's already high.” If you are over the age of 40, the health body says you should be getting it checked every five years. The NHS says: “A diet high in salt (or sodium) can cause raised blood pressure, which can increase your risk of heart disease and stroke. Some foods are almost always high in salt because of the way they are made.”  Blood Pressure UK explains: “Salt makes your body hold onto water. If you eat too much, the extra water in your blood means there is extra pressure on your blood vessel walls, raising your blood pressure.” Exercise is also integral to blood pressure control. The Mayo Clinic explains: "Regular physical activity makes your heart stronger. A stronger heart can pump more blood with less effort. "As a result, the force on your arteries decreases, lowering your blood pressure." As the health body notes, regular exercise also helps you maintain a healthy weight — another important way to control blood pressure.  Blood pressure is defined as the force put on your blood vessels and organs as blood is pumped around your body by your heart. Blood pressure is recorded with two numbers. The systolic pressure, higher number, is the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body. The diastolic pressure, lower number, is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels. The NHS says: "Blood pressure readings between 120/80mmHg and 140/90mmHg could mean you're at risk of developing high blood pressure if you do not take steps to keep your blood pressure under control." 