Russian president Vladimir Putin's threat to invade Ukraine could end up seeing the Champions League final moved this season. German agency DPA were told by UEFA earlier this month that there are "currently no plans" to move from the current venue. But growing fears of an impending invasion from 100,000 Russian troops sent to the Ukrainian border could reportedly force a change of plans. Russian officials have denied allegations from the West that they're planning an invasion. It was said that UEFA would continually assess the situation with other venues reportedly being considered. According to the Daily Star, Wembley would be 'considered as a possible alternative'. JUST IN: Lionel Messi's relationship with PSG questioned as star criticised  There is said to be an even bigger chance of Wembley being considered should two English teams reach the final. Hosting the European showpiece is reportedly worth in the region of £60million. UEFA have a history of switching the Champions League final at the last minute having changed from Istanbul to Porto last season. The change was made just three weeks before the final due to Turkey being placed on the Covid-19 red list. DON'T MISS  Amid the increasing security concern surrounding Russia's military presence on the border of Ukraine, several major European airlines have announced they are scaling back flights to the two countries. Liverpool, Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City are all competing in the knockout stages. Both Liverpool and City got their knockout campaign underway with wins over Inter Milan and Sporting Lisbon respectively. Chelsea face off against Lille on Tuesday while Manchester United travel to Spain to face Atletico Madrid. Putin gave a televised address to explain his decision to recognise two areas of Ukraine as being controlled by Russian-backed separatists. Putin's announcement prompted a response from UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who described the televised speech as "yet another indication that things are moving in the wrong direction in Ukraine". He added: "[The UK will] continue to do everything we can to stand by the people of Ukraine."