Drivers were trapped in queues at Kingsway Retail Park for up to three hours on Tuesday and Wednesday as heavy congestion meant shoppers were unable to leave the area. Some motorists said they only inched forward by a few feet in hours while others were unable to drive out of their parking spaces. The city council said it had checked traffic signals in the area but it was not immediately clear what had caused the congestion in the retail park, which is privately owned. One shopper told the BBC that he had been trapped in the park for three hours after travelling to Sainsbury’s to pick up food for his 91-year-old mother. Jared, from Buxton, said he was frustrated that authorities were seemingly ignoring the situation because the real park is privately owned and therefore out of control of the council. He said: “I appreciate the legal argument this is not their responsibility but I'm sure there are people here like nurses and other carers who are being ignored." Another man said he had cycled down to the park after his family called him to say they were stuck in their car. Liberal Democrat city councillor Emily Lonsdale, who lives nearby, said the congestion was caused by a combination of roadworks, diversions and school holidays. She said it was becoming a problem for local residents. Ms Lonsdale said: "It's an absolute nightmare, I have so many residents contact me on a regular basis. "They need a safe crossing because people do crazy things like U-turns and don't check if there's a pedestrian in the road. "We're just fed up living round here." READ MORE: Woman, 88, dead and man, 88, fighting for life - shocking incident Another shopper said that she had taken her daughter to a toy shop in the retail park as a birthday treat but it took the pair an hour to get out of their parking space. Another man said that he had been forced to abandon his car and walk home, tweeting that he was "never setting foot in the place again". Councillor Lonsdale called for a new exit to be built in the retail park to tackle the traffic. She said: "It needs to be a spectrum of solutions, there needs to be a better flow of traffic onto the A38 and there needs to be something done about the junction with Uttoxeter Road, so there are less likely to be tailbacks, if the traffic flows properly there'll be less of a problem." A spokesperson for the city council said they were aware of the congestion in the area but the retail park was outside the control of the council. The spokesperson said: "We are aware of some increased congestion in the area near to Kingsway, and of the delays with the retail site. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia war LIVE: Nato deploys land & air forces under Article4 [LIVE]Queen health fears erupt as Her Majesty cancels two engagements [BREAKING]Brexit alarm bells as City warned of parting with EU rulebook [LATEST] "There appear to be high volumes of traffic on the A38 and the A5111. "Engineers have checked the traffic signals at the junction of the A5111 and Uttoxeter Road to ensure that there is not any weather damage and consequential faults. "Unfortunately, the Kingsway retail park has only one access point and congestion within the site is not uncommon. The retail park is not a public highway and outside of the control of the council." Locals have complained about traffic in and around the retail park for many years. Traffic lights were installed in 2016 to try to ease congestion but were soon switched off when they appeared to make the situation worse. A spokesperson for Orchard Street Investment Management, which owns the Kingsway Retail Park, said: “We are aware of traffic issues around Kingsway Retail Park conurbation last Tuesday, of which we own one part. We apologise for any inconvenience caused to our visitors. “We have been conducting a review of our car park and its contribution to traffic flows and, while our retail park is laid out efficiently, we recognise that the root of the problem is that the wider road network system is not working as it should and this is impacting all of the retail parks and supermarkets in this area. “We have been pushing Derby City Council to commence the A38 improvement works that were meant to have been carried out in 2021 and had our full support. We call upon the council to open a dialogue with local stakeholders so that we can work together to bring forward these much needed road improvements.”