This weekend it was announced that the Queen is the latest member of the Royal Family to test positive for COVID-19. In recent weeks, the Queen's son Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall have also tested positive for the virus, along with several members of the Queen's team at Windsor Castle. With Covid self-isolation rules expected to expire later this week in England, the Queen will continue to spend her self-isolation period at home in Berkshire over the coming days. Despite national concern about the health of the nation's longest-serving monarch, it appears the Queen is in good spirits. Buckingham Palace said the Queen will be at her desk continuing with light duties, which is very on-brand for the monarch given that at the age of 95, her dedication to royal duties remains as steadfast as ever. The Queen has cancelled her virtual engagements on Tuesday, however, as she continues to suffer from mild cold-like symptoms. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "As Her Majesty is still experiencing mild cold-like symptoms she has decided not to undertake her planned virtual engagements today, but will continue with light duties." The Queen is expected to decide on whether to carry out other virtual engagements this week nearer the time. READ MORE: King Edward VIII: Letter exposes breakdown of Wallis Simpson marriage  As well as keeping up with her duties as monarch while self-isolating, the Queen will also have ample time to indulge two of her favourite hobbies as well. The Queen is famously a racing enthusiast, and she will likely be keeping up to date with all the latest equine news by studying the Racing Post. On Sunday, the Queen's horse Kincardine won the Federation Of Bloodstock Agents Maiden Hurdle at Newbury, a win which undoubtedly provided a moment of light for the Queen while she recovers. The Queen's love for her canine companions - her beloved pet dorgis (a dachshund and corgi crossbreed) and corgis - is also well-documented.  The Queen will likely be joined in her self-isolation period by her beloved dogs, her constant companions that have long been associated with the monarch. The Queen has a dorgi called Candy and two corgi puppies, one of which is called Muick. The Queen's fondness for her pet dogs was evident during a Platinum Jubilee photocall earlier this year which saw Candy make an appearance in Windsor's Oak Room while looking for treats. The assembled press pack were delighted when the Queen uttered "I know what you want" when Candy padded up to her.  DON'T MISS:Queen's touching message to Team GB as she battles Covid [INSIGHT]Queen's 'keep calm and carry on' strategy breaks household tradition [ANALYSIS]Queen coronavirus: Who is the Queen's top doctor? [EXPLAINER] The Queen will no longer be bound by the current legal requirement to self-isolate with Covid after Thursday, but she may still take it easy for a few more days while she recovers. The Queen has a busy schedule of engagements in March, which includes her hosting the Diplomatic Reception at Windsor on March 2. The Queen and other members of the Royal Family are also expected to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14, and on March 29 a service of thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip will also be held at Westminster Abbey. 