Oscar-winning actor Sean Penn, 61, is in Ukraine capital, Kyiv, filming a documentary which will capture Russia’s invasion and “tell the world the truth”. A spokesperson for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy confirmed Sean’s arrival in a statement, thanking him for capturing the horrific scenes and “demonstrating bravery” in a way some “Western politicians” have not. The statement said: “The director specially came to Kyiv to record all the events that are currently happening in Ukraine and to tell the world the truth about Russia's invasion of our country. “Sean Penn is among those who support Ukraine in Ukraine today. “Our country is grateful to him for such a show of courage and honesty. “Sean Penn is demonstrating bravery that many others have been lacking, in particular some Western politicians. READ MORE:Joseph Wandera dead: Former Coronation Street star dies aged 27 “The more people like that—true friends of Ukraine, who support the fight for freedom—the quicker we can stop this heinous invasion by Russia,” as reported by Newsweek. Since his arrival, Sean attended a press briefing at the Presidential Office on Thursday where he listened to government officials speak about Russia’s invasion. It is understood he has also spoken with Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk, alongside journalists and members of the Ukrainian military. The documentary is a Vice Studios production in association with Vice World News and Endeavor Content, as confirmed to Variety. The Mystic River actor previously visited the country in November to prepare for the film by visiting with Ukraine’s military. Photos of Sean at the time were released by the Ukrainian Joint Forces Operation Press Service, which saw him dressed in army clothing while filming with his crew. The star has been involved in several humanitarian projects over the years. He released a film in 2020 titled Citizen Penn, which documented his humanitarian efforts in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake. DON'T MISSElton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing[LATEST]Biggins on 'awful' encounter with Janice Dickinson on I'm A Celebrity[INSIGHT]Joanna Lumley health: Star laid bare 'complete nervous breakdown'[NEWS] The Discovery Plus film also detailed the establishment of his non-profit Community Organised Relief Effort (CORE). CORE also helped administer free Covid tests across America during the pandemic. The attack in Ukraine, described by Boris Johnson as a "vast invasion", began early on Thursday with a series of missile and air strikes followed by ground troops crossing the border. In a televised address to the nation, the Prime Minister said Putin has “unleashed war in our European continent” with a “hideous and barbaric venture”. He continued by accusing Putin of having “attacked a friendly country without any provocation and without any credible excuses". He added: "Innumerable missiles and bombs have been raining down on an entirely innocent population. "A vast invasion is underway by land, by sea and by air."