Sam Quek, 33, is currently 37 weeks pregnant with her second child with husband Tom Mairs. The Question of Sport captain has revealed in a new interview how she went through a miscarriage at ten weeks and still carried going to work to take her mind off things, but the online abuse she received made it "really hard". Sam was a former English field hockey player, winning gold when she was part of the British team at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She has now made a career for herself as a television personality, landing a role last year on A Question of Sport and presenting on The One Show when Alex Jones was on maternity leave. In a recent interview with The Mirror, Sam revealed that she was receiving death threats online just days after she had suffered a miscarriage. She said: "I have had the maddest things written about me but there was a really terrible one when I was presenting a football show on Radio 1. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid "I said something along the lines of ‘FA Cup replays should be gotten rid of.’ "A lot of people disagreed with me and agreed. But the people that disagreed went really hard and I had some awful, awful things including a death threat." She continued: "But what they didn’t realise is I had my miscarriage two days before that show and I wasn’t in a great place. "I’d gone into work because I just wanted to try and distract myself. I hadn’t really digested the miscarriage." Sam lost her baby at ten weeks pregnant and even though she was "upset" she still did The One Show as she didn't want people to think that you should "hide away" from it. She revealed this has made her "learn to toughen up" and "ignore" comments. Sam revealed she was pregnant again in October, when her daughter Molly was seven months. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [INSIGHT] Snoop Dogg reveals the Queen stopped him getting kicked out of UK [COMMENT] Amanda Holden dazzles at star-studded 51st birthday bash [INSTAGRAM] Featuring on A Question of Sport is not all the presenter is doing at the moment. This month, it was revealed she would become a permanent presenter on BBC One's Morning Live with Kimberley Walsh, Sara Cox, Kym Marsh and Gethin Jones. Speaking to OK! Sam spoke about her new role and how much it means to her to be close to home. She said: "I can wake up in my own house with my family and be in the studio in under an hour.  "Working as a freelance presenter, it’s hard to make 'work friends'. "You never know what channel you will be on or even what country you’ll be in sometimes. "It’s therefore hard to create strong friendships and bonds. "Working on Morning Live and Question Of Sport with the same team each time has led to me cultivating really strong friendships in a work setting for the first time in my presenting career. It’s wonderful." If you have been affected by this story, advice and support can be found at Sands (stillbirth and neonatal death charity). You can call them on 0808 164 3332 or email helpline@sands.org.uk.