 EastEnders fans have been keeping a close eye on Dotty Cotton (played by Milly Zero) in recent months as she’s struggled with her living situation. The youngster previously slept on the streets as she was unable to find somewhere to stay, but was soon saved by Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) who promised to put her up in one of his vacant properties. However, according to official BBC soap spoilers, Dotty could soon find herself with nowhere to sleep once more. Will she survive another night on the streets?   Earlier in the year, after some persuasion, Vinny agreed to let Dotty stay in one of his empty properties. However, when his mother Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) found out Dotty was staying there she wasn’t happy. Ruthless Suki insisted that Vinny should be charging Dotty rent while she lived in the bedsit. With Dotty still struggling to make ends meet, Vinny agreed to help her out in secret. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner?    Vinny has kindly been paying for Dotty’s rent, but Suki will soon discover the deception. In upcoming scenes, Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley) overhears Dotty talking about her living situation. Keen to help his daughter in any way he can, Rocky turns to Suki in the hopes she can help her out. However, Suki is left furious when she discovers Vinny has been paying Dotty’s rent all along.   In a fit of rage, Suki storms over to see Dotty and swiftly evicts her from the flat. Later on, Suki lays into Vinny, leaving him feeling humiliated. Angry to see her friend has been hurt for helping her, Dotty lashes out at Suki giving her some stern words. However, it seems that Dotty's home truths have sunk in for Suki as she later offers an olive branch to Vinny. DON'T MISS...The Queen’s unseen ‘sense of humour’ revealed during hospital visit [MUST SEE]Emmerdale heartbreak as Marlon Dingle splits up with Rhona? [SPOILERS]GMB fury: Richard Madeley hit with Ofcom complaints [UPDATE]  Despite it looking as though Vinny and Suki may be able to make up, Dotty seems to be in trouble once again. Could Dotty end up on the streets again if she’s unable to find a friend’s sofa to crash on? With nowhere left to turn, there’s a strong chance Dotty will be forced to sleep rough. However, as a young woman out on the streets alone she may be putting herself at risk. Could Dotty end up being attacked while sleeping rough on the streets?    Viewers have begun to grow concerned for Dotty in recent weeks, taking to Twitter to express their worries about her behaviour. “Dotty is in such a dark place. You need to stop pushing people away. #EastEnders,” @RyanGTweetsTV wrote. “Feel bad for Vinnie, He's really trying and Dotty is just being horrible. #EastEnders,”@AmyJoanne__ added. Meanwhile others have simply been feeling sorry for her as she struggles to navigate her life. “I hate how massively judged Dotty always is, the poor girl has had such a difficult life, especially her childhood and no one wants to take it into consideration or just doesn’t care or understand. #Eastenders," @janinessuki commented. Will Dotty survive on the streets or could she fall victim to an attack? Viewers will have to tune in to find out her fate. EastEnders continues Wednesday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 