For some, lockdown was a time when they put on weight, but for Stuart McMullen, it was an opportunity for him to change his diet. As a result, he lost a life-changing nine stone. He told Express.co.uk exactly how he achieved it. Stuart, 37, said: “I have always battled with my weight, and it’s been a huge concern of mine for many years. “It would affect all aspects of my life; I’d struggle walking across fields at work and my asthma had also deteriorated.” When the nation went into lockdown back in 2020, Stuart had reached 23st 12lbs and spotted the opportunity to change. He continued: “The fast-food restaurants I would usually order from were closed, so this prevented my usual poor eating habits. “I was motivated to change my habits and become a lot healthier. READ MORE: Michael Mosley: Eat eggs for breakfast for ‘rapid weight loss’ success “I started dieting on my own at the end of March 2020 but struggled as the weight loss started to plateau.” Looking for alternative weight loss options, Stuart’s stepmum introduced him to The 1:1 Diet as she had recently become a consultant for it. “I signed up to the plan and I have never looked back,” Stuart remarked. “My consultant, Julie McMullen, was amazing. “She was on hand to motivate me every day with daily motivational messages, guiding me along the right path to achieve my goals. DON'T MISS...Food recall: Tesco recalls meat product over salmonella presence [NEWS]Kate Middleton style: Duchess of Cambridge wears red Zara blazer [PICTURES]Meghan Markle: Why Duchess prefers hugs to handshakes [BODY LANGUAGE] “I hit my original five stone goal in under four months, which was amazing. “I knew I wanted to lose more to be as healthy as possible. “I was finally enjoying life - I felt free and alive.” As well as his new eating habits, Stuart began exercising and enjoying the outdoors. “Being on plan gave me a totally new outlook,” he added. “I started going out for walks rather than sitting on the sofa at home and watching nature documentaries.” Before long he climbed Scafell Pike, the biggest mountain in England, as well as the Yorkshire Three Peaks. “I joined the gym and was hiking across mountains all over the country,” Stuart explained. “The changes I felt in myself encouraged me to keep going and I lost an additional five stone, taking me to 14st 11lbs. “The amazing products available on plan provided me with a lot more energy than the fast food I was eating before and fitted in with my new active lifestyle.” Stuart went from being a size 6XL to an L and plans to keep going with his diet and pursuing his fitness goals. “I live to be at one with nature now and have never felt as happy in all my life,” Stuart said. “It’s all thanks to The 1:1 Diet.” The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan can be traced back to the 1960s, when biochemist Dr Alan Howard started to research the perfect diet. This resulted in the launch of the Cambridge Diet in 1984. In 2009 the Cambridge Diet was rebranded to Cambridge Weight Plan. Cambridge Weight Plan then undertook a major rebrand in 2018, becoming The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan. Today, it is a passionate group of people who provide support, flexible weight loss plans and products that help people achieve their goals. In the UK, the company sells and markets The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan brand through independent The 1:1 Diet Consultants. In November 2020 there were more than 6,500 Consultants across the country offering slimmers one-to-one support to help guide them through their weight loss and into weight maintenance. The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan’s meal replacement programme (MRP) uses formula food soups, shakes, bars and other foods to replace conventional foods, thus giving a lower dietary energy intake than on a conventional reducing diet. The 1:1 Diet MRPs are nutritionally balanced, providing all protein, essential fat, vitamins and minerals needed. To find out more about The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan, please visit: www.one2onediet.com.