The white letter surrounded by a square box appeared on tanks and armoured lorries, reportedly rolling towards Ukraine. It comes as there are growing fears that Russia has already begun its invasion of Ukraine. On Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered Russian troops into two separatist regions of Ukraine, after earlier recognising their independence from Ukraine. Russia said it would be a “peacekeeping” mission, but is speculated to be a potential pretext for placing troops in Ukrainian territory. Western leaders reacted on Tuesday by preparing sanctions on Russia. Since then, videos have been posted online purporting to show Russian military vehicles moving towards Ukraine. READ MORE: Russian troops in 'key formation' along Ukraine border Experts suggested that the symbols could simply show that the vehicles are prepared for combat, but other darker theories have emerged. One military source in Kiev said: “It would suggest final preparations are complete. “It’s vital that any attacking force can be distinguished, particularly from the air where Russian forces will have complete control. “The Ukrainians have very similar tanks and vehicles and will want to reduce the risk of friendly fire.” Aric Toler, an investigative journalist for Bellingcat, reportedly said that the organisation had been “monitoring this stuff non-stop for eight years”. He said the investigative group “has no idea what they are, and hasn't seen it before”. He agreed that the symbol suggested an invasion was imminent, and cautioned to “assume the worst”. Meanwhile, Rob Lee, a PhD candidate who focuses on Russian defence policy, said the markings were a “strong indication that Rosgvardia troops would take part in any invasion”. DON'T MISS Map shows areas in Britain to be decimated if Russia nukes London [REVEAL] Putin's forces in disarray as officers go AWOL [INSIGHT] Starmer mortified at Boris' brutal dig at Labour's Communist funding [REPORT] The Rosgvardia – or National Guard of the Russian Federation – are the country’s internal military force. Mr Lee pointed to a popular Russian Telegram channel which was claiming that certain vehicles marked with a Z would be used in a particular direction in an invasion of Ukraine. At the same time, those marked with a triangle instead of a box would travel in a different direction, however he noted that this theory “obviously isn’t confirmed”. He added: “Most of the ‘Z’ markings seen thus far have been inside a square, but this Ural truck with a Msta-B howitzer has one inside a triangle. “Possibly indicating different task forces within a larger formation or echelon.” Mr Lee explained that “when different units travel on the same roads, the ground guides need to be able to ID them to tell them what direction to go. Otherwise, units can get mixed together.” David Kime, who purports to be a former intelligence officer for the police, claimed Wagner mercenaries – a Russian paramilitary group – had said the Z referred to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He added that others suggested it meant “the point of no return”, the Sun reported. The Z symbol is not part of the Russian Cyrillic alphabet, with the language using a different character for the letter – further adding to the mystery.