Former Strictly Come Dancing professional James Jordan, 43, has shared an update on his young daughter, Ella, after she was rushed to hospital earlier this month. Ella, who is almost two-years-old, was diagnosed with a slight heart murmur and had suffered an allergic reaction around the same time. In a clip shared to his 241,000 Instagram followers, James revealed how Ella’s recovery is going. He said: “Hi guys it’s been a while since I’ve been on here because, as you know, Ella’s been quite poorly. “She is now probably back to about 80 percent I’d say, she’s not quite herself. “We are still doing some more tests and things, but she is much, much better.” READ MORE:‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death James then turned the camera round and showed Ella sitting calmly watching the television. The dancer gestured for little Ella to come and say hello and give him a cuddle. Taking his daughter into his arms James asked her: “Do you feel better now? Are you ok? Were you sick before?” The adorable tot replied with “yes” before wandering over to her toys and picking up a pair of plastic golf clubs. James said: “As you can see, at least she’s playing now, do you want to play golf with Daddy?” James and wife Ola previously addressed their ordeal in their Hello! Magazine column. Ola recalled: "She was coughing to a point where she'd wake up at 1am, but she'd be coughing so bad it would make her throw up. "She was throwing up with her eyes closed. Her little body was just limp. I can't believe what she was like.” DON'T MISS'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move away from BBC[LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice'[INSIGHT]Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle[NEWS] Ella was taken to hospital in an ambulance when medics discovered her blood sugar levels were “very low”. James added that the worried parents had to “syringe” water into Ella every 10 minutes, and she was sick around 40 times. Doctors assured the couple that Ella’s Innocent Flow Murmur is not dangerous and that her heart looked “normal”. However, Ella fell ill once again after suffering an allergic reaction. She had taken a bite out of something containing nuts, causing her lips to swell and turn blue, and James rushed out for medication. Ola concluded that the experience had been “awful” and “draining” and left her not wanting to leave the house. James and Ola have been married since 2003 after first meeting four years earlier at a dance competition in Blackpool. They had a difficult three-year journey to become parents and turned to IVF. They welcomed little Ella on February 27, 2020.