Vladimir Putin put his nuclear forces on high alert on Sunday, sparking fears he is preparing to use stronger deterrents in a bid to take over Ukraine. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace insisted the UK will continue to work with the United States and its allies in the European Union to avoid a further escalation in the conflict. But he warned BBC Breakfast Russia can expect an "equal response" from Britain should nuclear weapons be unleashed.  He said: "Britain is a nuclear power, we have a deterrent. "That deterrent has kept our security for decades and, as we speak, under the sea somewhere is Britain's nuclear deterrent. And it's about deterrence. "President Putin will know that anything involving a nuclear weapon has an equal or greater response from the West. "The US, Britain, and France are there. I know a lot of people have stopped discussing deterrents, I'm of an era where everyone talked about it, but it does keep us safe. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  "And that's why I would say to parents up and down the country we will not do anything to escalate in that area." He added: "We will not do anything to feed miscalculation but this is a battle of rhetoric that President Putin is deploying and we just have to make sure we manage it properly." Mr Wallace also said that although the Ukrainians were putting up "a very strong fight" the reality was they were going up against "the overwhelming scale of the Russian Federation Army". The Defence Secretary said of Russia: "They are behind schedule, they are taking significant casualties and they are feeling public rejection in parts of the Russian system itself; we've seen many protests. READ MORE: Over 360,000 people have fled war in Ukraine since Russia started invasion, says UN "But the Russian handbook is to then get more violent and commit more forces because fundamentally in the Russian, sort of, a doctrine the lives of their own soldiers matter much less than in other armed forces. "So we have to brace ourselves for what may come next, which could be ruthless, indiscriminate bombing of cities and propelling forward of soldiers and high casualty levels, and that's going to be horrific." Russia's defence ministry claimed its forces had taken over the towns of Berdyansk and Enerhodar in Ukraine's southeastern Zaporizhzhya region as well as the area around the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant. The plant's operations continued normally, the Interfax news agency said. DON'T MISS: Russian ruble plummets to record low [SPOTLIGHT] Not so fast Vladimir! How SWIFT can slow down Putin's invasion [ANALYSIS]End of British petrol stations as EV revolution looms [INSIGHT] Kyiv however denied that the nuclear plant had fallen into Russian hands, according to the news agency. According to the UN, nearly 400,000 civilians, mainly women, and children, have fled into neighbouring countries since Russia's invasion began last Thursday. A Downing Street official said Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had warned Boris Johnson on Sunday the next 24 hours would be crucial for the future of his country. Russia has not taken any Ukrainian city, does not control Ukraine's airspace, and its troops remained roughly 30 km (19 miles) from Kyiv's city centre for a second day