Ryanair has cancelled all flights to Ibiza this summer from Liverpool John Lennon Airport. One customer said they were “fuming”. The airline said the move had been made due to a lack of available slots at the Spanish airport this summer. British tourists will now have to travel to Manchester Airport, about 36 miles away, to reach Ibiza. A Ryanair spokesperson said: “Due to a shortage of available slots at Ibiza Airport, this route from Liverpool to Ibiza will not operate for summer 2022. “UK customers can fly to this popular sunny destination from nearby Manchester Airport, where Ryanair will operate daily departures for peak summer months.” READ MORE: Furious Jet2 passenger 'trapped in Tenerife' loses two days of holiday One customer told the Liverpool Echo the move to cancel flights from John Lennon airport was really “frustrating”. They said: “We got an email telling us our flights had been cancelled and we would need to rebook or get a refund, but when you look online, there are no other flights from Liverpool to Ibiza this year. “Now we can only fly from Manchester Airport. Before, they had flights on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays between Liverpool and Ibiza, but they are all gone. “It’s really frustrating for us, there are a lot of us flying at different times and it was all organised. “We had a plan in place and that has been messed up now.” On Twitter, one user said: “Our flights to Ibiza from Liverpool have been cancelled for October, fuming!“Had no answer off them or explanation as to why.” Michaela Plummer tweeted: “When Ryanair cancel your flights to Ibiza, moments after Calvin Harris announces his Ushuaia Ibiza residency.” They added an angry face emoji. Another Twitter user named ‘Siobhansays_’ said: “Booked a holiday to Ibiza and Ryanair cancelled the flight for no reason and don’t fly from Liverpool to Ibiza anymore.” The move comes as experts predict flight prices are set to increase by 25 percent in the next few months as the price of oil rises. Spain is one of the UK’s most popular tourist destinations and according to easyJet data more than 30 percent of Britons want to holiday there this year. The Balearic islands are a leading Spanish hotspot with many British tourists flocking to Ibiza and Majorca every year. This year, Britons in some popular resorts will face new rules as the destinations crack down on rowdy behaviour. Magaluf and some other areas of the islands have banned all-you-can drink deals, pub crawls and booze cruises. The rules were introduced as part of Magaluf’s attempts to improve its reputation and attract a different kind of tourist. British tourists will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain and will need a booster jab if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. Children aged between 12-17 will not need to be fully vaccinated but will need a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours.