Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will be taking a trip to Southend-on-Sea on Tuesday to commemorate the area's new city status. The future king and queen's visit is staggeringly important, as it will include several special tributes to the late MP for Southend West, Sir David Amess. Sir David was an outspoken supporter of Southend's quest for city status, and the bid was approved after his tragic death in 2021. Serving as the MP for Southend West since 1997, Sir David brought the issue of Southend's lack of city status to the forefront, and in 2019 a debate was held in the Commons. Sir David was killed in October 2021 while holding a constituency surgery in Leigh-on-Sea. Ali Harbi Ali, 25, was charged with Sir David's murder and is due to go on trial at the Old Bailey next month.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan fans fury over Mardi Gras float Prince Charles will hand over a Letters Patent from the Queen during his visit to the seaside city on Tuesday, formally making Southend-on-Sea the second city in Essex, alongside Chelmsford. In the process, Southend-on-Sea will also become the 52nd city in England. Mayor Margaret Borton told the BBC: "Formally receiving city status from The Prince of Wales will be a special moment for Southend-on-Sea, and we are hugely honoured to receive a visit from their royal highnesses on what is sure to be a momentous day for our new city." Lady Julia Amess will be the first person to be given freedom of the new city, and she will receive the honour on behalf of her late husband.  Charles and Camilla will also pay another tribute to Sir David when they visit Southend's famous pier, as they will unveil a new eco-friendly Pier train named after the late MP. The day will be a busy one for the royal couple, as they are also scheduled to chat with members of HM Coastguard, the RNLI and other members of Southend's community. Southend had previously applied for city status as part of the 2022 Platinum Jubilee Civic Honours Competition, along with several other city-hopefuls across the UK. However, the decision was made to grant Southend city status outside of the competition in tribute to Sir David after his death, given his long campaign to elevate the city's standing.  DON'T MISS:The bizarre reason Prince Charles was almost not a Prince [INSIGHT]Why Prince George might never be King [EXPLAINER]Highgrove House: Inside Camilla and Charles' royal residence [PICTURES] Guidelines for the allocation of city status in the UK are not entirely clear, and for years it was suggested an area needed to have a cathedral to hold city status. This requirement has been dropped in recent decades and now many cities are without cathedrals, including Bath and Nottingham. Southend-on-Sea has long been a popular area of Essex, with its bustling high street and seaside attractions drawing crowds of visitors every year. City status competitions have been held in previous years, with Chelmsford, Perth and St Asaph receiving the accolade in 2012 to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. 