Flight attendant, Kat Kamalani, shares tips for passengers on her TikTok @katkamalani. In one video, she advises passengers how to avoid missing a flight. Kat said: “Here are some important tips you should know if you’re running late to a flight. “We’ve all been there, we’re running late to a flight, we’re panicking. Here’s the first thing you need to do, always, always, always. “Still go to your gate if your plane has not departed, even if it’s a few minutes late. “The reason being is that it could be delayed and you could possibly get back on that flight.” It’s always worth passengers heading to the gate as their flight could have been delayed and there may be time to board. READ MORE: Man shares 'unforgettable' drive from UK to Mongolia Kat continued: “This is important to know if you are late to a flight. What happens with the gate agent is they start putting stand by people on those seats. “These are people who have either bought a ticket and are waiting for a seat or people who work for the airlines and they are waiting for a seat if there’s an open one.” She said: “If you go up angry and mad, I promise you the gate agents are just going to put you on the next flight, they’re not even going to worry about it. “But if you’re kind and pleasant and sweet, there may be a good chance the gate agent will help you out and put you on that flight.” Good manners could help passengers get better service as gate agents will be more inclined to help them. One TikTok user agreed saying: “Good advice! I’ve been surprised the number of times I’ve been given an advantage or had a gate agent go out of their way to help when I was just nice.” Another said: “One time my gate was closed, but they got permission to reopen for me because they were waiting for the pilot.” A gate agent even commented on the video to give their tips and advice for late passengers. They said: “She is right about being nice! I’m a gate agent! Nice goes a long way! Crazy thing is you’re late, not me!” Although it can be extremely frustrating to be late, passengers should remember it’s not the airline’s fault. Another passenger said: “Facts! The gate agent said he gave it to someone in standby already. “I asked super politely if he would go get my seat back. He did. Love him.” Most airlines will put out an announcement for late passengers to warn them that the plane is ready to leave. However, airport schedules can be tight and it’s unlikely that a plane will be able to wait for late passengers. If a passenger is panicking about missing a flight, it’s a good idea to leave plenty of time to travel. Queues at security and baggage drop can be long during peak holiday periods such as the summer.