Emma Raducanu had to retire from her Guadalajara Open Round of 32 clash against Daria Seville with what appeared to be a hip injury. The Brit was forced to face the bad news more than three-and-a-half hours into the gruelling three-set affair, which turned out to be the longest match of the WTA season. Raducanu's course to early success has not always run smoothly. When she burst onto the scene with a blockbuster run to Wimbledon's round of 16 last year, she was forced to retire against Ajla Tomljanovic with what appeared to be breathing difficulties. At the Australian Open, she lost a three-set clash with Danka Kovinic after blisters on her hand made hitting powerful forehands almost impossible. But in light of her sensational US Open victory last year, fans still waited with anticipation to see what the youngster could do in Zapopan. READ MORE: Andy Murray details why he won't retire as he discusses plans after 'satisfying' Dubai win  Drawn against Saville - once in the women's top 20 but currently way down in the world rankings - Raducanu took 80 minutes to claim a gruelling first set 7-5. The 19-year-old came agonisingly close to taking the match too, serving at 5-3 in the second set before being broken and forced to a tie break, which Saville won. The decisive set turned into a battle of endurance, with the Australian playing through leg cramps and Raducanu taking a medical timeout, before returning with her upper left leg taped up. Raducanu then went down a break before her retirement, handing Saville the win 5-7 7-6 (4) 4-3 in Mexico. The result is naturally disappointing for Raducanu, who came in as the tournament's top seed. The world No.12 gave up 21 break points, 16 of which she saved, but it came as further proof that she was not in full flow upon her return to competitive action. After last month's Melbourne disappointment, the Bromley-based star admitted that it 'definitely takes a lot of work to stay at the top'. Her sensational 2021 got her there well ahead of schedule, becoming the first qualifier ever to reach the US Open semi-finals, let alone go and win the tournament without dropping a set.   But Wednesday saw Saville landed with a huge victory, and she progresses to the last 16 to face American Caroline Dolehide. "This is probably the first match in a long time when I felt like I was being myself," said the world No.610. "I was being feisty Dasha. I just want to keep on working and keep on going here." 