England has put out nine flood warnings and alerts as the UK counts down to the end of February. The Environment Agency's most recent update said flooding is expected in two areas and that it remained possible in an additional seven. The River Severn seems to be particularly affected as Tewkesbury and Apperley & the Leigh were earmarked as the areas facing the flood warning. The Environment Agency said the flooding at Apperley & the Leigh peaked at 5.12m on Friday. Their summary also said: "Please move possessions and valuables off the ground or to safety and avoid contact with flood water." In Tewksbury, which is just five miles away, the gauge peaked at 4.25m. JUST IN: UK storm forecast: Britain set for bone-chilling frosty blast as TWO storms to wreak havoc The Environment Agency has advised people to "avoid contact with flood water and move possessions and valuables off the ground or to safety". The agency will issue an update for both areas hit by flood alerts at 9am. Flood alerts have also been put out in: Kempsey Village, River Avon in Worcestershire, River Lugg south of Leominster, River Severn in Gloucestershire, River Severn in Worcestershire, Severn estuary from Gloucester to Sharpness and the Severn Vyrnwy confluence. No flood warnings or alerts have been issued in Scotland or Wales. READ MORE: Cold Icelandic blast to bring 17cm snow and -8C icy wind The Met Office has also warned Brits to expect rain on Monday. Their forecast said: "Rain becoming more widespread across much of England and Wales, heavy in some western areas, although parts of the southeast dry, mild and occasionally bright. "Scotland and Northern Ireland seeing bright intervals and showers, winds easing." "Rain easing and sinking into southeastern areas. DON'T MISS: Met Office snow alert as SUBZERO 'polar airstream' to blast Britain [REPORT] Spring sunshine to defrost UK this weekend as weather warnings removed [INSIGHT] Is it cold enough for a cold weather payment? You could be due £25 [ANALYSIS] "Central areas of UK largely clear and frosty, the odd fog patch. "The northwest still seeing scattered showers, perhaps heavy and wintry."