In April 2022, households will face a further increase to their council tax bill in line with the next tax year on top of soaring inflation and energy bill costs. Thanks to Government changes, the official cap on how much local authorities can hike council tax will go up by five percent. This tax rise is composed of a two percent council tax rise and an extra three percent increase for social care. There is a possibility that councils could hike tax rates further to pay for local and social care services, however a referendum between residents will need to be held first. The tax hike will remain in place until at least March 2023 with each council being responsible for setting how much its residents will pay. Due to each local council setting their own rates, taxpayers will need to check and review their local authority’s website to see if their tax bill will go For example, Surrey County Council and Lincolnshire County Council have confirmed separate 4.99 percent increases. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  Lancashire County Council is set to go up by 3.99 percent, while West Sussex and Kent County Council have a proposed rise of 2.99 percent. People in some areas will avoid their council tax bill rising dramatically, with Bromley increased by only more than one percent. This is one of the lowest proposed tax hikes in the UK and will be surely welcomed by residents while households in other areas experience a squeeze in the cost of living. However, the rate individual residents are levied for council tax is dependent on what band their property is in.  Someone’s band is determined based on what the value their property would have been worth back on April 1, 1991 in England and April 1, 2003 in Wales. Currently, houses are placed into one of eight bands for residents living in Scotland and England. These include: In comparison, Wales has a different system with properties being designated into one of nine different brands. These include: There is currently no system of council tax bands in Northern Ireland due to local rates being determined in rental prices. Residents living in England and Wales can check which council tax band they are in by going onto the official Government website. Taxpayers in Scotland are able to use the separate Scotland Assessors website to find out their property band. People living in Northern Ireland can do the same and find out how their properties are valued by checking the devolved Government’s website. To find out your local council tax band, enter both your address and postcode on the corresponding website.