Erling Haaland will demand a hefty wage packet that would see him earn more than Cristiano Ronaldo. Manchester United and Manchester City are both desperate to snap up the Borussia Dortmund star. United and City face forking out £213million in total - including wages - just to sign Haaland from Dortmund this summer. The 21-year-old is hot property after another sensational season in front of goal for Borussia Dortmund. The Norwegian has scored 23 times in just 20 appearances, including 16 in 14 Bundesliga matches despite injuries trying to disrupt his season. But after Dortmund’s crash out of Europe this year in the first round of the Europa League to Rangers, a transfer away looks almost certain. Haaland is desperate to win the Champions League but that looks borderline impossible with his current club after they failed to even make the knockout stage following a dismal campaign that included thrashings from Ajax and Sporting Lisbon. And there is plenty of interest in his services across the continent with several clubs keen on taking advantage of a reported £63m release clause. United are among them, as well as rivals Manchester City and Chelsea while Real Madrid, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain are also desperate to snap up the Leeds-born ace. But while Haaland’s £63m fee looks a relative bargain, there is nothing cheap about his wage demands with his agent Mino Raiola working across Europe to find the best deal. According to the Mirror, Raiola is looking to clinch a deal that would see his client earn up to £30m a season over a five-year deal. Including his transfer fee, that would take the total cost to sign Haaland to an eye-watering £213m. With interest high in the Norway international’s services, it is believed that he will be handed his maximum pay package which would make him one of the best-paid footballers in the world. For context, Ronaldo is currently earning £500,000-a-week at United which sees him land £26m-a-year but Haaland’s salary would dwarf that. That could provide the Red Devils with a major problem if they are to push forward with their plans to sign the Leeds-born ace, while City would be able to fork out that amount. Pep Guardiola is desperate to snap up a striker after missing out on Harry Kane, though another raid for the Tottenham star is not expected this summer as he turns 29 in July. Haaland, on the other hand, would be a long-term investment as he is still in the infancy of his career. But City might have to move quickly with Barcelona reportedly looking to take the initiative having already met with Raiola over a deal despite their financial situation.