From Hawaiian shirts to full length ball gowns, there will usually be a huge variety of styles on a cruise. Many passengers like to wear their smartest clothes for formal nights. But passengers might want to avoid wearing one kind of item if they don’t want any unwanted attention. One Reddit user shared a photo of their new swimming trunks which were decorated with images of pineapples. They said: “Despite all the jokes I make about pineapples and swingers, I bring only these swim trunks, with no intent on swinging, onto the cruise.” As surprising as it might be, pineapple items can be a symbol for swingers who use it to subtly identify other members of the community. READ MORE: Lanzarote pleads with Spain to drop entry rules for Britons One Reddit user ‘SnooWoofers9000’ said: “Some in the swinging community use pineapple images on clothing, jewellery and door decorations to flag that they are swingers. “It’s in no way a thing every swinger does. It’s still a thing to chuckle about, now that you know about it.” Someone replied: “I had no idea. Definitely wore a pineapple shirt on my last cruise. Hope nobody got the wrong idea, and I was definitely cruising with my parents.” The other user replied: “My wife had a pineapple on the door of her house, for years, before someone told her. “The odds you would be approached are probably pretty low. The majority of the folks in that community would not want to be, or put someone else in an embarrassing situation.” Although the odds might be low, one passenger said they had been approached by some eager swingers. ‘SleepModeDisabled’ said: “Bought a lovely black dress with pineapples all over it. Got approached by a disappointed couple. “Dress collects dust in the closet now sadly. Had no idea until they propositioned me.” One regular cruise passenger joked: “My mum bought me pineapple jewellery from her last cruise. “Please let that be an innocent mistake!” With so many passengers onboard, there’s always a chance that some guests could be into swinging. Some guests have reported seeing upside down pineapples hung on cabin doors to attract swingers. One worried passenger even asked if drinking a pina colada in the ship’s bar would have the same meaning. However, passionate members of the community might be more likely to book a dedicated swinging cruise. Bliss Cruises and Couples Cruise offer regular sailings for people who are part of the swinging community. Even on a swinging cruise, sexual activity is confined to guest rooms or dedicated ‘playrooms’. Some specialist cruise lines offer nudist cruises which are designed for naturists rather than swingers.