The anger of many British drivers at the much-reduced fuel economy of their vehicles when running on the new industry standard E10 fuel is backed up when figures from as far back as 2011 are examined. Tests between E10 and the previous standard E5 in Finland showed an increase of three percent in fuel consumption. That compares to the figure on the UK Government website which claims a reduction in miles per gallon (MPG) of only one percent. And the same questions about potential damage caused to engines by E10 fuel were being asked by German drivers over a decade ago. Prompted by those fears, a magazine in Finland conducted laboratory tests that showed E10 was three percent less economical, which then caused heated debate in the country. The country’s official consumer agency refuted the results saying that a drop in efficiency of more than 1.5-two percent wasn’t possible. But even in 2014 What Car magazine conducted their own testing which showed E10 fuel could actually increase fuel consumption in some vehicles by as much as 10 percent. READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique Despite this, the UK Government brought in the fuel in September last year, with the official website stating that: “Using E10 petrol can slightly reduce fuel economy (the number of miles you are able to drive on a gallon of fuel). “You may see a reduction of around one percent, but it is unlikely to be noticeable in everyday driving. "Other factors – such as your driving style or driving with under-inflated tyres or a roof rack – have a much more significant impact on fuel economy than using E10 petrol.” When the original E5 petrol was introduced, it was thought that the five percent ethanol content (which adds the ‘five’ to the name) was the most engines and fuelling systems could cope with, reported ‘Begin motorcycling’. So the doubling of ethanol content to the newer E10 concerned experts throughout the industry. Those fears have proved to be well-founded, as mechanics and drivers alike have reported problems discovered in cars using the petrol. The Government states that 95 percent of cars can run safely on the fuel, and all cars made after 2011. Only this week Express.co.uk reported on the mass of twitter users complaining about E10 and a drop in efficiency. One motorist claimed to have seen a reduction of a staggering 20 MPG. Another Twitter user ‘Catbaba’ said: “New E10 fuel is definitely less efficient than E5. “The difference is more noticeable if you have a hybrid car that doesn’t run the engine idle as much.” Twitter account ‘dipper2856’ added: “We were conned with the E10 fuel variant that is now known to damage our car engines. “So the only alternative is to use the high-performance fuel that already cost an arm and a leg. “Car drivers have no chance…p****d off.” Paul_M_H added: “We need to talk about E10 fuel more… why is it so quiet?”  Have you had issues using E10 fuel? Leave a comment below