Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow has predicted that "deep low pressure" from Iceland will "influence" UK weather across Friday night and the start of the weekend. She forecast "strong gusts" of wind for Northern Ireland, Wales, Cornwall & Devon, Cumbria and much of Scotland. Ms Farrow also said that mountain snow will be seen in western Scotland. Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted up to 17cm of snow over higher ground in Scotland. Other more central parts of the UK, such as Manchester, will see a sprinkling of snow - up to 1cm throughout the rest of the day today. The forecaster has also predicted that the whole of the UK will see sub-zero wind chill temperatures, with Scotland feeling as cold as -8C. Meanwhile, Manchester will feel as cold as -4C. Wind speeds will reach a maximum of 62km/h in the midlands by Friday at midnight. Ms Farrow forecast: "A deep low pressure will move towards Iceland as high pressure away to the southwest swings round southern Britain and away to the east. "This brings the drier, more settled weather for Saturday but the low over Iceland does have some influence. "Through Friday night the southerly winds freshen for Ireland and become strong for western Scotland with high gusts for the Highlands and Islands. READ MORE: Met Office snow alert as SUBZERO 'polar airstream' to blast Britain "This blustery weather with strong gusts over high ground will last through Saturday for Northern Ireland, Wales, Cornwall & Devon, Cumbria and much of Scotland. "So, if you are considering hill walking do be aware there will still be blustery conditions. She added: "The cold front pushes across Ireland during the early hours of Sunday. "It will be windy for northern Scotland with lee gusts for Lothian too. A wet start with mountain snow to western Scotland and again dampness to western Britain for a time, but the front is fading. DON'T MISS: Britain braced for scorching April HEATWAVE - 28C expected [REPORT] UK storm forecast: Britain braced for 40cm 'thundersnow blizzard' [ANALYSIS] Cold Weather Payment postcode checker: Find out if you can get £25 [INSIGHT] "A new Atlantic low is spinning up for the end of the weekend and could bring strong winds and gales early on Monday and a band of heavy rain taking its time across Britain by day. "At least the flood hit areas will have a respite lull before that and high pressure looks to build next week, so more settled and drier conditions." The Met Office has warned that the jet stream "is still very active", causing conditions to be "unsettled" over the next five days. But it said that the weather is not expected to be as severe as over the last week. It said: "A number of weather fronts will cross northern parts bringing bouts of wet and windy weather while southern and eastern areas see the best of the fine weather over the weekend. "The jet stream, which has been driving storm systems across the North Atlantic Ocean in recent weeks, is still very active but these winds, high in the atmosphere, are shifting further north potentially allowing for more settled weather next week."