Roger Black will compete on Celebrity Mastermind alongside Anna Soubry, Snoochie Shy, and Natalie Anderson today on BBC One. In the first round, the celebrities tackle their specialist subjects, and then the second round sees them tackling general knowledge questions, in a bid to win the commemorative trophy. During his athletics career, Roger won individual silver medals in the 400 metres sprint at both the Olympic Games and World Championships, two individual gold medals at the European Championships, and 4 × 400 metres relay gold medals at both the World and European Championships. Since retiring from athletics, he has worked as a television presenter and motivational speaker. Roger's success on track came despite a heart condition. He got checked when he was 11, and was told then that he was not allowed to engage in any competitive sport. Despite this, he continued to play sport and eventually started training in athletics at 18. Speaking to Heart Matters in 2016, Roger said: “As I have got older I am more aware of my heart condition. I have dependents and children and I am very aware. "I can’t push myself like I used to. People think I’m pumping it out, I’m hitting it, but it’s not like that anymore. I’ll never do a marathon again. I don’t have a goal. I’m not going to put my heart under strain.” Speaking to the British Heart Foundation, Roger recalled the moment he found out about his congenital heart disease. He said: “They could clearly hear that something wasn’t right. I was taken off to hospital and diagnosed with an incompetent aortic valve. When my heart pumps, the blood goes out but it comes back in again, and that’s what the doctors could hear. “I was your classic 11-year-old kid who loved sport. I was always active and I could run fast. To then be told that I had a problem with my heart was very odd for me because I felt absolutely fine. “I became an athlete because I messed up my A-levels actually! I was this very fast runner, but I’d never considered becoming a professional sports person. I often wonder if that was because I knew I had a heart condition.” Once Roger's dream of competing at the Olympic Games became a reality, he knew that his condition would not stop him competing. He recalled that, before the 1996 games in Atlanta, he missed an appointment regarding his heart because he knew he wanted to compete. READ MORE: Star Wars meets Game of Thrones: 'Lost' Star Wars classic film Black A Roger said: “In 1996, I was going to my last Olympic Games and I was in really good shape. "It was my last chance at standing on the Olympic rostrum and, for whatever reason, I was unable to make that appointment. "Well, the reason was – I knew that no matter what I was told, I wasn’t going to stop training.” In 1996, Roger won silver in the Men’s 400m Sprint, coming second to Michael Johnson. DON'T MISS Heart disease: The 'best single thing' to lower your risk High blood pressure warning: The fish that increases hypertension risk Heart disease diet: Five food to slash your risk When asked what it felt like to stand on the Olympic rostrum, he said: “I felt complete. I’d achieved everything I could, and when I stood off that rostrum a part of me changed. "Since that day, I’ve never pushed my heart to the levels I did as an athlete.” Roger is now 55 years old and still exercises daily. But now, rather than pushing his body to its limit, he goes for a gentle 30 minute jog every day. He added: “From the day I retired, I’ve respected my heart far more than I ever did as an athlete.”