UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Russia was planning a “bloody and protracted conflict” in Ukraine, and vowed that NATO would use “all the pressure we can bring” to “make sure that this venture does not succeed”. And NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said all NATO allies “urge Russia, in the strongest possible terms, to choose the path of diplomacy”.But what really makes up NATO? And how does it compare to Russia? Here’s a look at all the available data. NATO — the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation — is made up of 30 countries. The official NATO website states that the alliance “brings together sovereign countries from Europe and North America, consulting and cooperating in the field of security and defence.” In 1949, there were 12 founding members of the Alliance — Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, the United Kingdom and the United States. Other member countries joined over time: Greece and Turkey (1952), Germany (1955), Spain (1982), the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland (1999), Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia (2004), Albania and Croatia (2009), Montenegro (2017) and, most recently, North Macedonia (2020). READ MORE: Ukraine: Biden unleashes full power of US Army  All member states of the NATO pact are called ‘allies’, and all allies have an equal say in NATO decisions. The principal driving factor behind the alliance, however, is that “an attack against one is an attack against all” — ie, an attack on any NATO soil is an attack on every NATO country, and the whole alliance will respond. NATO says it is “committed to the peaceful resolution of disputes” but that “if diplomatic efforts fail, it has the military power to undertake crisis-management operations” under NATO’s “collective defence” clause. In short, being a member of NATO offers a lot of security and military might. But NATO ‘allies’ is a term that refers to more than just member states — for example, Ukraine is being referred to as a NATO ally in the ongoing conflict with Russia. Indeed, Ukraine’s cosying up to NATO since the 2014 Crimea annexation is part of the reason Vladimir Putin is targeting the country. NATO has a number of these “partnerships”, which it says are designed to “promote security and project stability” These partnerships consist of “a wide network of over 40 non-member countries”, one of which is Ukraine.   In the case of Ukraine, the country is in a “partnership for peace” with NATO, which is designed to maintain Euro-Atlantic security, due to its location and Russian interest. And in 2020, Ukraine launched a new National Security Strategy with the aim of full NATO membership, although this has not been approved and is a key trigger in the current conflict. Russia, in fact, is on the list of NATO partners, but this has been “suspended since 2014 in response to Russia’s illegal and illegitimate annexation of Crimea, Ukraine, which NATO will never recognise. It adds: “Political and military channels of communication remain open…The Alliance does not seek confrontation and poses no threat to Russia.” But, if it did…who would win? DON'T MISS: Brexit: Farage issues warning to Leave voters [INSIGHT]Diane Abbott shut down over undermining attack on Boris Johnson [REPORT]PMQs LIVE: 'Where is the rest?' Johnson set for savaging over Russia [BLOG]  Not all the nations within NATO are powerful. Fortunately, for countries such as Montenegro with an annual defence budget of just £67million, there are some heavy hitters within the alliance. By and large, the biggest is the US, which spends more on defence each year than double the rest of NATO combined. The estimated US defence spend for 2021 comes to a whopping $705billion (£516billion), according to the US Department of Defence. As well as being the biggest defence spender in the world, the US has a powerful arsenal and a huge amount of manpower – 1.3 million active troops, with another 865,000 in reserve, according to The New York Times. The UK is the second biggest overall spender in NATO, putting nearly £50billion into defence annually, compared to Germany’s £45billion, France’s £42billion and Italy’s £20billion. When it comes to personnel, the US is again the biggest hitter, with more than 1.3 million active military personnel, according to 2021 data from Statista. Turkey is in second place in terms of manpower, with 445,000 soldiers, while the UK is sixth with 156,000. When it comes to nuclear power, the US again takes the lead, with an estimated 5,600 nuclear warheads. The UK has 225. NATO also has access to warships, tanks, frigates and air forces from its members — overall, the US comes out on top across all categories. The US commands approximately 490 warships, while the UK has 75. The US is believed to have around 10,000 tanks, 26 frigates, and the biggest air force in the world.  But while NATO — particularly with the weight of the United States behind it — is a force to be reckoned with, Russia is still a very, very serious threat. In a Q&A on Sky News, defence specialist Alistair Bunkall said: “If it were a simple game of Top Trumps, the West would win [in a war between NATO and Russia] by dint of the US, which has the most powerful military in the world. “But President Putin is a wily leader, and has wrong-footed the West on multiple occasions through the use of hybrid warfare in recent years. “The Russian armed forces, once a decrepit legacy of the Cold War, have received massive investment in recent decades and should not be underestimated. They are very capable in some areas, and a match for NATO. “Ultimately an all-out conflict between Russia and NATO would be bloody and result in a huge number of deaths on all sides.” 