As some countries learn to live with Covid, New Zealand continues to have tough measures in the hopes of completely eradicating the virus. The growing frustration felt by citizens has caused huge crowds of protesters to gather outside the country's Parliament building for over two weeks. The protest has grown from those angry at the country's controversial vaccine mandate into broader frustration with the PM over her dealing of the pandemic as a whole. A crowd of over 1,500 protesters have set up pitch outside the government building for more than two weeks while more people continue to join the rally every day that police predict could go on for months. According to the Telegraph, one protester said: "Jacinda has to go. “She has eroded our freedoms.” The protests are organised and seem to be gaining momentum as volunteers serve free hot meals three times a day to campers and makeshift showers and daycare centres have been created.  Protesters have mostly been peaceful but tensions seem to be rising after around 250 officers were sent in to police the demonstration earlier this week, resulting in some being attacked. Officers reported being pelted with a "stinging substance" believed to be acid, sending some to hospital. One person drove a vehicle towards the police but did not hit them, and some reported having human faeces thrown at them, the Telegraph reported. In response, Ms Ardern said: "The attacks on the police have been absolutely disgraceful. "To anyone down there who thinks they're part of a peaceful protest, that's not what we've seen today - I would encourage them to leave." READ MORE: PMQs: MPs aghast as Starmer turns on Boris over Russia Late last year, New Zealand made Covid vaccines mandatory for doctors, police, teachers, soldiers as well as others. This law is meant to be temporary but no end date has been given for its removal. Border controls continue to be severe for those entering or leaving the country. It has practically been sealed off from the rest of the world and will only reopen to its own residents later this month. Chris Hipkins, the country's COVID-19 Response Minister, said: “From 28 February, travellers to New Zealand – starting with Kiwis and other current eligible travellers from Australia – will be able to enter without staying in MIQ as long as they are fully vaccinated, return a negative test before flying and spend seven days in self-isolation, taking two rapid antigen tests". DON'T MISS: Queen's 'curtailed' physical activity has impact on monarch [INSIGHT]Covid threat: Boris warned over lifting Covid restrictions [ANALYSIS]Covid passport among rules axed in Scotland [COMMENT]  Ms Ardern introduced strict restrictions in January when nine cases of the Omicron variant were detected in the country. This meant major events were cancelled including the Prime Minister's own wedding. New Zealand's strict approach to the coronavirus pandemic has resulted in some of the lowest death toll numbers with only 53 people out of a population of five million to have died of the disease. However, it has also led to anger by New Zealanders who are demanding their freedom back. The movement has even gained support from the famous New Zealand sailing champion Russell Coutts - an Olympic gold medalist - who visited the encampment to show his support on Tuesday. 