Tenerife is dropping to Covid alert level three. This means tourists and residents will have fewer restrictions. The island will drop from level four Covid alert to level three. All the other islands will remain at level three apart from Gran Canaria and Lanzarote. Gran Canaria has the most restrictions and is still at Covid alert level four while Lanzarote is at level two. The change in rules will take effect from midnight on February 25 and restrictions have been relaxed due to a drop in Covid cases. Hospitality venues in Tenerife can now operate at 100 percent capacity outdoors and 75 percent indoors. READ MORE: Ryanair suspends all flights in and out of Ukraine Groups of up to 12 people can now meet up indoors and outdoors, if they are not from the same household. Nightclubs, pubs and discos will now be able to close at 4am in good news for party loving Britons. Cinemas and theatres will be able to operate at 75 percent capacity indoors and 100 percent capacity outdoors. Sport events and physical activities will also be subject to fewer restrictions from February 25. Tenerife is a very popular destination for British tourists particularly during winter due to its proximity to the Equator. The volcanic island offers tourists stunning beaches, warm weather, delicious cuisine and water sports. The islands had suffered from Spain’s strict tourism rules including a ban on unvaccinated British teenagers. Islands including Fuerteventura had appealed to Spain to drop the strict rule to encourage Britons to return to the Canaries.  The rule was scrapped on February 14 and British teenagers can now travel to Spain with a negative PCR test. Unvaccinated British adults are still banned from Spain following rules introduced after the emergence of the Omicron variant. Fully vaccinated British tourists will not need to take a test to travel to Spain but will need a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. The Canary Islands have launched an Instagram campaign aimed at British teenagers to encourage them to book holidays in the destination.