Linda Nolan, 62, has reached out to Scottish comedian Janey Godley, 61, in a show of support during her cancer battle. Janey was diagnosed with stage three ovarian cancer in November 2021, and tweeted a picture yesterday with the caption: “My husband has performed his first ever hair trim, with gentle care and I think he’s done a good job!”  Linda, who has been diagnosed with incurable liver cancer, responded to the tweet by sharing it and sending a message to Janey. When Linda faced cancer-related hair loss, she shared that she struggled with the change. Her tweet explained she related to how Janey was feeling: “He did an amazing job and so are you… Took me a few G&T’s before I could go through with the cut!” followed by a red heart symbol. Speaking in August last year, Linda admitted the hair loss which occurred as a result of her cancer treatment had left her “traumatised”. The change in her appearance was something she had to come to terms with. However, The Nolans singer was worried about coming across as “vain” due to her concerns. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with crucial message to 'spend time with family'  Speaking about the side effects associated with chemotherapy, Linda said: “I’ve got certain side effects from the chemo. I've got pins and needles in my fingers and my toes. “But it hasn't been too bad. I think for me personally I was traumatised losing my hair. “At the time you feel like you're being a little bit vain but I think everybody takes it differently. “For a woman losing your hair is a really traumatic thing. We're not supposed to be going around bald.” Meanwhile, Janey had hoped a hysterectomy would “be the end of everything”, but she told fans about her stage three ovarian cancer diagnosis in January. Sharing the news of her diagnosis with her 249,000 Twitter followers, she said: “I have got stage three ovarian cancer. “I thought the big operation would be it, get on with everything, heal up the scar, get back on tour. DON'T MISS: 'Who believes a word he says?' Lord Sugar slams claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' 'Very excited' Louise Minchin announces new career move after leaving BBC Breakfast 'You can escape to the river!' Billy Connolly makes startling discovery about Florida home    “Not so, my life has completely changed and I have to process what this means now, and it is obviously going to mean chemotherapy and treatment. "I don't have any other options... I think the best option is to admit that this exists and to process it." Janey’s fans and friends have joined Linda in sending their messages of support. Davina McCall previously said of Janey's friend, who she had been staying with after she received news of her diagnosis: “Shirley sounds lovely x glad u r there you are terrified but also so brave … I know u think you aren’t but you are x we love you.” (sic) However, despite the sad news, Janey has said she is “grateful” that she didn’t become ill with cancer when she was younger. Last week, she took to Twitter to share: “Every day I wake up and instead of thinking ‘I have cancer’ and dreading my day… “I make a quick list of what I am grateful for and I suppose I am grateful I didn’t get cancer as a young woman, I got it at 60 years old. “I have to be grateful for all the support I have,” she added.