This comes after Prince Harry began suing the Daily Mail's publisher for libel. Twitter account Royal Tea, which comments on the Royal Family, said they were "exhausted". They wrote: "Will I still be someone people follow for my thoughts on the Royals and the press if I stop commenting on the Sussexes legal battles with media? "Because honestly, I’m just exhausted by it at this point." The royal commentator added: "I am just finding their press drama to be so repetitive and frustrating that I don’t think I have anything new to say about it." Another Twitter user, Beth, agreed, writing: "I would love to hear your thoughts on the regal Royals. "I’m fine not getting anything on the failures and wannabes. "It truly is exhausting." Luna B added: "Yes prefer to focus on The Queen and senior working Royals. "Markles constant need to stay relevant is annoying and find myself scrolling past tweets and do not click on the articles anymore." An account called The Royal Watcher replied, writing: "I think we're all exhausted and couldn't blame you one bit for stopping." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry honoured with 'prestigious' new award Another, nicknamed Queen Catherine added: "I agree, it’s getting exhausting." The Duke of Sussex launched legal action against Associated Newspapers in the High Court on Wednesday afternoon. It is not yet clear which of the group's papers is being sued by Prince Harry, nor which article the complaint relates to. Prince Harry's office confirmed to ITV News that legal proceedings have begun. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's 'spin-doctors swung into action' over legal battle [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry warned Netflix will consider 'pulling plug' on deal [REVEAL] Kate put to test as Duchess of Cambridge faces ‘toughest year yet’ [ANALYSIS] A source said: "The Duke has filed a complaint against Associated Newspapers Limited." Last year, the Duchess of Sussex won a legal battle against Associated Newspapers after they published a letter she had written to her father Thomas Markle. Prince Harry is also currently involved in a legal battle with the Home Office over his security arrangements when he is in the UK. The 37-year-old royal applied for police protection in January 2020 when he visited the UK, offering to pay for it personally, but said the offer was "dismissed". A legal representative for the Prince said that he and his family are "unable to return home" as a result of Harry's "inherited security risk". In a statement, they said: "Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. "While his role within the institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection within the UK. "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home."