Alpine chief executive Laurent Rossi has hit back at the team’s former advisor Alain Prost, following his ‘no respect’ outburst after he was relieved from his role last month. Prost had held his role with Alpine - formerly known as Renault - since 2017, and was part of the team that secured a fifth-place finish in the constructors’ standings with drivers Fernando Alonso and Esteban Ocon in 2021. However the former world champion will not be part of the setup for 2022, after the French-based setup announced his departure last month. Following the news an outraged Prost took to social media to share his side of the story, claiming that there was now ‘no respect’ between himself and his former employers. He wrote: “I am very disappointed how this news has been announced today! "It was agreed that we would announce together with Alpine team! No respect sorry! JUST IN: Alfa Romeo's camouflage car as Bottas' livery kept under wraps  "I have refused the offer made to me in Abu Dhabi for the 2022 season because of a personal relationship and I was right! To the Enstone [Alpine] and Viry team I will miss you." The former world champion did not stop there, as he took aim at his former boss Rossi during an interview with L’equipe. He commented: “Rossi's desire is to be alone, not to be polluted by anyone. "He told me he no longer needed advice. There is a real desire to put a lot of people on the sidelines."DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton spotted inspecting Red Bull garage at pre-season testNorris teases Ricciardo as McLaren hit the track for for testingGeorge Russell makes Lewis Hamilton comment that Toto Wolff will love  One month on the Alpine boss Rossi has had his say on Prost’s departing outburst, admitting that he still has ‘enormous respect’ for the Frenchman, however following last season’s finale in Abu Dhabi they felt it was best to part ways. He told L’equipe: “I have enormous respect for Alain, for his career as a champion and for his contribution to the Renault Group. “At the last race of 2021 we concluded that our way of collaborating did not suit him, and that it was best to part ways at the start of this new era. "It’s better to disagree now than later."   The French team will now no doubt be firmly focused on the challenge ahead of them in the new campaign, as they look to build on their more than respectable fifth place finish in 2021. The first step of their 2022 team came when revealing their new look pink and blue car, and CEO Rossi seems more than happy with what they’ve produced. He continued: “It’s a blank slate, everyone is looking at the other cars - even the top teams - and that gives us confidence. "Last year I didn’t see the same smiles in the team as we got hit by the 2020 and 2021 chassis rules. This time we’ve met all the little goals we set for ourselves." 