 EastEnders’ Mitch Baker (played by Roger Griffiths) and Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) have had a difficult time over the past two years as they’ve struggled to come to terms with the death of their daughter Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). The pair have managed to remain friends despite no longer being a couple and have helped each other manage their grief. However, according to official BBC soap spoilers, some unexpected feelings will arise for Karen when Mitch goes on a date. Could she still be in love with her ex?    Karen could soon battle feelings of jealousy when Mitch finds a new love interest. Last month, Bailey Baker (Kara-Leah Fernandes) tried to get Mitch and Karen back together. Unfortunately her plan didn’t work, but there could be hope on the horizon for the former couple. As a new love interest catches Mitch’s eye, will jealousy draw Karen closer to him once more? READ MORE: EastEnders' Chelsea Fox to adopt Gray Atkins' children in exit twist?    In upcoming scenes, Mitch is oblivious at the cab office when a lady named Rita begins flirting with him. An eagle eyed Keegan Butcher-Baker (Zack Morris) and Bailey quickly pick up on the flirting and set a plan in motion. Bailey tells Rita that Mitch will meet her at Ruby’s later on, which he does. However, Mitch is left feeling unsure if going ahead with the date was the right thing to do.   Later on, as Mitch joins the party, Karen is surprised by how news of his date has affected her. Could Karen still have feelings for Mitch? The pair have a complicated relationship as they still currently live and work together. In recent weeks, the duo have even been sharing a bed after Mitch struggled to find cheap alternative accommodation. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrest as Adam Barlow hospitalises Lydia? [THEORY]Princess Olga on past possible romance with Prince Charles [MUST SEE]Victoria Derbyshire challenges MP on Russian sanctions [WATCH]  However, they have consistently insisted that their relationship is merely platonic. Lorraine Stanley, who plays Karen in the soap, opened up about her character’s relationship with Mitch earlier this year. Chatting in an interview, the actress considered the possibility of Karen reuniting with Mitch in the future. Lorraine explained: “Mitch is the father of two of Karen's children, so she loves him. “But, I don't think she's ready for him yet,” the soap star told Digital Spy.    If seeing Mitch go on a date sparks jealousy in Karen she may open up to her ex. Upon hearing how Karen feels, there’s a chance Mitch will be willing to give their relationship another go. Will they be able to rekindle their romance? Viewers will have to tune in to find out. EastEnders continues Monday at 8pm on BBC One. 