Limescale is caused by naturally occurring minerals in hard water, leaving a chalky white residue on wet surfaces. While limescale is almost impossible to avoid around taps, showers and kettles, there are plenty of speedy remedies which can clean unpleasant calcium stains in an instant. Everything from lemon juice to a 2p coin can work wonders on stubborn limescale - and this is how to use them. Copper pennies can be used for more than just scratch cards, working wonders on tough limescale buildup too. This simple hack is best used on stainless steel taps to gently scrape away thick, chalky residue. Fill up a small container with white vinegar to dip the coin in before scraping the metal surface of the taps. Use the remaining vinegar and a clean cloth to remove smaller flakes. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows White vinegar is one of the most effective household remedies for cleaning metal surfaces. The acidic liquid can melt away hard water and limescale stains with a simple soak. To clear the base of your taps, soak a paper towel in distilled white vinegar and wrap it around the faucet. Use an elastic band to secure the towel and leave it to work its magic for one hour. Remove the damp towel and wipe the surface over with a soft, dry cloth. Add a few drops of your favourite essential oil to the cloth and buff it into the surface. Removing limescale from your kettle is the secret to a perfect cup of tea - and there is one ingredient in your medicine cabinet which is perfect for the job. Fill your kettle with water and add two antacid tablets. Leave them to fizz before boiling the kettle and empty it once it's boiled. Repeat the cycle with clear water to remove the antacid from the kettle before drinking the water.  Mix one teaspoon of baking soda with sparkling water until it forms a paste. Using a soft cloth or an old toothbrush, scrub limescale on faucets, showers and metal draining boards to lift the chalky residue If you're looking to remove limescale from the side of your bathtub, a simple lemon juice and vinegar solution should do the trick. Fill an empty spray bottle with equal parts lemon juice and white vinegar and spritz liberally on the affected area.Leave to sit for five minutes to allow the limescale to dissolve. Once the surface is free from visible clumps of limescale, use a clean cloth to wipe it over and rinse using clean water. For stubborn stains, use a shower squeegee to glaze over shower screens after spraying.  Limescale can build up around the rim of the toilet bowl, leaving unsightly stains on the white porcelain surface. To flush away tough limescale, mould your own scented toilet bombs using three household ingredients. Mix one cup of baking soda with a quarter of a cup of lemon juice and a few drops of essential oils. Add a small amount of water to form a damp sand-like consistency and press into a silicone mould until they hold their shape. Lift the bombs out of the mould and drop into the toilet bowl to fizz up for a few hours. The key to preventing limescale buildup around the home is to filter out the mineral content of the water. Hard water areas are notorious for having high levels of calcium and magnesium in tap water. To prevent limescale stains, you should: