The beautiful Balearic islands are some of Spain’s most popular tourist destinations. Many British travellers travel to Majorca and Ibiza during the summer. However, this year Britons are facing a nightmare when it comes to the cost of hiring a car. Car hire prices have soared by 40 percent since last year and many people are far from happy. Some experts in the car rental industry have said hiring a car could cost a whopping £90 per day instead of the previous £13. The problem has been blamed on the lack of vehicles available this year due to manufacturing issues. READ MORE: 'Kids are kings here': Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' - 'Spaniards are loud'   According to the Agrupación Empresarial de Alquiler de Vehículos (Aevab) and Asociación de Balear de Empresas de Alquiler (Baleval), every car rental is in the same situation. President of Baleval, Antoni Masferrar, said: “It is the law of supply and demand. The companies have done everything possible to bring in more cars. “But it is impossible due to all the technical constraints, lack of microprocessors at the manufacturers. “This will cause prices to rise, but it must also be said that those prevailing to date were the cheapest on the market.” Ramón Reus, president of Aevab, said: “The lack of 50,000 rental cars will have a direct impact on marketing prices. “If in a normal year before the pandemic the number of cars was 120,000, now it will not exceed 70,000 in all the Balearic Islands.” Both rental companies said they needed more cars due to the increase in flight to the Balearics this summer. They both said that prices will rise progressively, saying: “It was not logical to charge 15 euros (£12.65) per day, hence the price will go up to 100 euros (£84) due to this problem of lack of vehicles.” One British person said the situation would be difficult, saying: “Public transport is not convenient for many people.” It can be hard to reach some areas on the islands on public transport, particularly more secluded beaches. Another resident said: “At this rate, it will be cheaper for tourists to bring their own vehicle.” However, some Balearic island residents have welcomed the huge price increase for rental cars. They said there were already too many cars on the road, causing terrible congestion and pollution. One said: “120,000 rental cars? Those who authorise and allow this number of increased vehicles on an island are out of their minds.” During peak season, traffic can be very heavy on the holiday islands which can irritate local residents. According to easyJet data, more than 30 percent of Britons are planning to holiday in Spain this year. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot. 