On Wednesday's Tipping Point, ITV host Ben Shephard welcomed four new hopefuls onto the game show. After an outstanding performance during his first rounds, Mike made it through to the final of the episode. However, Ben took a cheeky jibe at the retired accountant after he did not realise he had used up all of his counters. Mike, Heidi, Clare and George all competed on the latest instalment of the ITV show, but Mike sailed through into the final. After answering a host of answers correctly in the first round, Ben said: "Flipping heck, we have reached my Tipping Point Mike, you have five correct answers which is a really good return." During one of his turns, there were 20 counters which went across the Tipping Point, however, they had to be voided from the machine. When Ben announced Mike had raised £2,300, he asked the host: "What, have I ran out of counters?" READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? "That's it, all done Mike, that's quite enough quite frankly," Ben quipped. Mike started giggling and Ben added: "It's going to leave you with £2,850 Mike, very nicely done." Mike and Clare went on to battle it out to win a £10,000 jackpot later in the episode. During their head-to-head round, all was going well for Mike until he got a question wrong about the periodic table.  "Mike's finally gotten something wrong," a shocked Ben told the contestant. He then answered another question incorrectly about political parties before Clare was asked her final question. She was asked which British band has had the most UK number one albums and her answer, which was The Beatles, was correct. However, Mike still managed to win the round with £3,300 thanks to his "fabulous drop" in the last round. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard lost for words over Kate Garraway's 'tough' insight [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final move  [UPDATE]Kate Garraway made one change to diet to lose huge 2st  [MUST SEE] "Mike, goodness me, well done to you," Ben told a grinning Mike. The upbeat player tried his hardest to win the £10,000 jackpot but he ended up walking away with £4,500. Reflecting on his win, Mike told Ben he had enjoyed himself "immensely" on the show. Many Tipping Point viewers took to Twitter to comment on how much they wanted Mike to win the jackpot.  Josh added: "Mike is officially my favourite person to ever play #tippingpoint, he's the happiest man ever! Gutted he didn’t win the jackpot." David Wilding remarked: "Every now and again, someone appears on TV who is just endearing, nice and a pleasure to watch. Congratulations Mike, you are a legend." Richard Murray said: "#tippingpoint Mike is my favourite contestant on any game show ever." Tipping Point continues weekdays at 4pm on ITV. 