The looming tax increase will force hard-working households across the country to make tough cuts to their budget. Fixed incomes will now have to cover a 1.25 tax rate hike along with soaring energy and food costs. While sacrificing everyday luxuries will make some room in the budget, Kevin Mountford, co-founder of savings platform Raisin UK said there are other ways to maximise your money. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Kevin revealed his top tips. British households should expect to pay 54 percent more for their energy this year while losing an extra £255 of their yearly income to National Insurance. Alongside the national tax increases, a maximum five percent local council tax rise will see varying rates soar even further across the country. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Kevin said: “With everyone being faced with higher tax rates, households are going to see their income drop. “The good news though is that there are plenty of strategies to help you live well on a smaller income.” As the nation’s finances hang in the balance, taxpayers across the UK are searching for ways to maximise their budget - and these are the three key areas to focus on. READ MORE: Bank's magic money delusion has conjured up soaring inflation COMMENT  While it might be the most obvious way to reign in your finances, lowering your expenditure goes beyond simply spending less on life’s little luxuries. Kevin said: “Expenditure falls into two main categories: fixed expenses, and variable expenses.” Fixed expenses refer to things like gas and electricity costs, council tax, and your TV licence, while variable expenses cover spending on things such as food, petrol, and socialising. He added: “Despite the name, it's still possible to reduce your fixed expenses - you just need to think creatively.”    If your mortgage is due for renewal, search around to switch to a better rate, whether that's with the same company or a different provider, says Kevin. Speak to a mortgage broker or look around on price comparison websites to make an informed decision before re-jigging your finances. While council tax is a fixed expense, Kevin strongly recommends looking into support schemes for help with your payments. According to Gov.uk, you could be eligible for a council tax reduction if you are on a low income or pay benefits. Your payments could be reduced by up to 100 percent - so it’s definitely worth looking into. DON'T MISS:Bank scams have risen by 17% in just three months [INSIGHT]Brits fear cost of living will make their lifestyle unaffordable [LATEST]Older people less likely to date debt-ridden partner [REVEAL] Planning goes a long way when it comes to food shopping, minimising over-buying and reducing household waste.Kevin’s top tips for food shopping include: Go in with family members to spread the cost of gym memberships and streaming services - do you really need Prime, Netflix, and Sky? Kevin said: “If you only watch on-demand programmes (and not live), get in touch with TV Licensing as you do not need to pay for a TV licence.” There are a number of ways to boost your income without picking up a second job. You just have to be proactive. It is thought that millions of UK workers could be paying the wrong amount of tax, and you could be one of them. Study your payslip carefully and check your tax code against the guide at Gov.uk to see if you are eligible for an income tax rebate. Kevin also recommended checking your eligibility for a uniform tax refund if you wear a uniform to work. Make the most of apps such as Vinted to cash in on your unwanted items and ask around in shops to see if they have any cash-for-clothes schemes running. Kevin said: “H&M currently gives shoppers gift vouchers if they return any old clothes (from any retailer), which would be a great way to save for summer clothes shopping!” Good money management is the key to sticking to a budget, but what should you be doing to keep up with your outgoings? Track your spending Get into online banking and monitor activity so you know exactly what your income and outgoings are. Set a budget to outline the physical restraints of your income and review it regularly to suit your financial needs each month. Stay clear of costly payday loans and try to keep credit cards and overdraft spending to an absolute minimum. Debts can easily snowball and you will face high-interest rates or charges if you don't pay them off quickly.