Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin began his invasion of Ukraine despite weeks of negotiations and threats of sanctions from the West. But as peace talks crumpled today, Putin is making himself more isolated. Now, 12 members of Russia's United Nations mission have been expelled from the US. The diplomats have until March 7 to leave the US. This comes ahead of a vote this week to isolate Russia by deploring its "aggression against Ukraine" and demanding Russian troops stop fighting and withdraw. The General Assembly will vote this week on a draft resolution similar to a text vetoed by Russia in the 15-member Security Council on Friday. No country has a veto in the General Assembly and Western diplomats expect the resolution, which needs two-thirds support, to be adopted. While General Assembly resolutions are non-binding, they carry political weight. The US and allies see action at the United Nations as a chance to show that Russia is isolated because of its invasion of neighboring Ukraine. The draft resolution already has at least 80 co-sponsors, diplomats said on Monday. READ MORE: Family of captured Russian soldier shocked More than 100 countries are due to speak before the General Assembly votes. French UN Ambassador Nicolas de Riviere said: "No one can avert their gaze, abstention is not an option." Officials from Moscow and Kyiv attended the talks which Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hoped would establish a ceasefire and get Russia to withdraw forces. The talks were held on the border with Russia's strongest ally Belarus. DON'T MISS Putin faces humiliation after Russian troops forced to beg for fuel [INSIGHT] ‘Russia, please stop this madman!’ Britons beg for peace [COMMENT] Prince William's thinly-veiled swipe at Vladimir Putin [REVEAL] But a convoy of military vehicles was seen heading east in what looked like preparation to join the Russian invasion. Talks have now concluded with further discussions to be held in the coming days, the Belarusian state news agency said - citing the Russian delegation. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said he hoped the talks would "produce not only an immediate halt to the fighting, but also a path towards a diplomatic solution." He described Russian President Vladimir Putin's decision on Sunday to put Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert as a "chilling development," telling the General Assembly that nuclear conflict is "inconceivable." Ukraine's UN Ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya described Putin's order to put Russian nuclear forces on alert as "madness." Referencing Adolf Hitler's suicide, he said: "If he wants to kill himself he doesn't have to use a nuclear arsenal, he has to do what the guy in Berlin did in a bunker in 1945." Mr Guterres also warned about the impact of the conflict on civilians and said it could become Europe's worst humanitarian and refugee crisis in decades. He said: "Although Russian strikes are reportedly largely targeting Ukrainian military facilities, we have credible accounts of residential buildings, critical civilian infrastructure and other non-military targets sustaining heavy damage." Russia's UN Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said Russia's actions in Ukraine were being "distorted." He told the General Assembly: "The Russian army does not pose a threat to the civilians of Ukraine, is not shelling civilian areas." According to the interior ministry of Ukraine, at least 352 Ukrainian civilians have been killed so far as Putin began his invasion of the former Soviet country. Around 1,684 people - including 116 children - have been wounded.