Chris Eubank Jr is determined to push through a mouthwatering dust-up with Kell Brook next but a highly-anticipated rematch with Billy Joe Saunders - eight years in the making - can "easily" happen within the next 12 months, according to the Brighton fighter. The 32-2 middleweight has forced his way back into contention and has big fights everywhere he turns and should a world-title clash with Gennady Golovkin at 160lbs continue to elude him, Eubank wants to clean up his British rivals. The 32-year-old has already made it abundantly clear he is keen to climb through the ropes with the evergreen Brook, who is fresh off the back of last weekend's sixth-round TKO victory over Amir Khan in Manchester. Special K proved he remains king of the domestic pool and the seasoned 35-year-old has since expressed his interest in a fight with Eubank - providing his rival cuts down to super-welterweight. However, the World Boxing Super Series semi-finalist is refusing to oblige, instead urging Brook to step up to middleweight for the second time in his career following his stoppage defeat to Golovkin in 2016. And with Brook seemingly keen to remain at his natural weight - welter - Eubank cannot help but eye the chance to settle old scores with his old enemy Saunders, who outpointed him to retain his British, European and Commonwealth middleweight titles in November 2014. READ MORE: EXCLUSIVE - Chris Eubank Jr sets Kell Brook fight conditions and responds to 'crazy' Conor Benn demand "He will come back. He's said it multiple times he wants to fight me," Eubank said on Saunders, who has not boxed since his devastating defeat to Canelo Alvarez in May last year. "That is the real grudge match, they're all grudge matches but that is the one that has the most history for me. "It has to happen, we have to settle the score once and for all. That fight can easily be made within the next 12 months." When asked if the Saunders fight would take precedent over Brook, Eubank admitted there was no pressure to make the fight happen immediately due to the severity and nature of the pair's bad blood. DON'T MISSChris Eubank Jr sets Kell Brook fight conditions and responds to 'crazy' Conor Benn demandDillian Whyte signs contract for Tyson Fury Wembley world-title showdown in final hoursKell Brook issues response to Chris Eubank Jr call-out and Conor Benn's Amir Khan promise "I wouldn't say it takes precedent, no, because Brook is coming off a great win. I'm coming off a big win," he added. "It makes sense, we're both on Sky Sports, we've got all this publicity. "Saunders isn't going anywhere, he could retire for two years and come back and it would still be a massive fight. "Kell Brook hasn't got that long and he's hot right now. That fight needs to be made now if it's going to be made." Saunders recently sparked renewed hope of a rematch in the near future when he criticised Eubank's performance after his points victory over Liam Williams in Cardiff last month. "When Eubank can outbox somebody, that's when you know you've had a bad night. His boxing ability is like a baby giraffe just been born come out," he told iFL TV. "It doesn't matter if I do the weight comfortably or not. I could do the weight half dead and still beat him. So that wouldn't be the issue. He hasn't got what it takes to beat me. He'll box when I'm ready. "He hasn't really done anything in the game apart from his dad's name where you can let someone call the shots. "I've tried to deal with them before under Frank Warren and they're very difficult people to deal with. If they want to talk about it, let them get on the phone and we'll see what they're offering."