General Sir Richard Sherriff, Britain's former top NATO commander, has called the Ukraine situation the most perilous in Europe for decades. He said that while the war would initially be between Ukraine and Russia, the possibility that NATO could get involved is "very real". Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, General Shirreff said: "This is the most dangerous moment in Europe probably at least since 1962 and the Cuban missile crisis, but it could be much worse than that because this is the invasion of a sovereign country which could turn into a catastrophic war with warfare on a scale not seen in Europe since 1945. "So I think it's difficult to overstate the seriousness of the situation." "Once war has started, assuming Putin decides to continue what he has embarked upon and attacks Ukraine, the potential to escalate and potentially involve NATO is a very real possibility." He added: "Nobody starts a war if they don't think they can win it. "Putin thinks he will be able take over Ukraine that is the assumption we must make from what we're watching in Donetsk and Luhansk. READ MORE: China laser in Aussie waters close 'attempt at military intimidation' "NATO has got to make it absolutely clear that whatever happens in Ukraine that it will not go further because if it doesn't and Putin thinks he can win a war against NATO then we're in a terrible position." The senior officer also warned: "Russians integrate nuclear thinking into every aspect of their military doctrine and they practice it. "We've seen they've been practicing it in Belarus in exercises that have been happening in the last Ukraine crisis when Russia invaded Crimea. "Nuclear blackmail, nuclear thinking is integrated into every aspect of military and defence doctrine so we have to assume the worst in that case." It comes as Vladimir Putin appears "bent on a full-scale invasion" of Ukraine, Boris Johnson warned as he vowed to swiftly introduce the "first barrage" of sanctions against Russia. The Prime Minister said on Tuesday that the Russian president had "completely torn up international law" and is seemingly intent on capturing the capital of Kyiv. Mr Johnson's warnings came after Moscow ordered troops into two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine, allegedly to carry out "peacekeeping" duties. The dramatic escalation came after Mr Putin recognised the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in the Donbas as independent states. DON'T MISS Boris threatens Russia with severe retaliation if Kiev attacked [BREAKING]PM's warning as Putin recognises Ukraine rebel regions [INSIGHT]What's going on in Putin's mind - no fear of sanctions or democracies [ANALYSIS] After chairing an early morning emergency meeting of the Cobra committee, Mr Johnson said he would later reveal sanctions against entities in Russia and the Donbas. "This is I should stress just the first barrage of UK economic sanctions against Russia because we expect I'm afraid that there is more Russian irrational behaviour to come," he told broadcasters. "I'm afraid all the evidence is that President Putin is indeed bent on a full-scale invasion of the Ukraine, the overrunning, the subjugation of an independent, sovereign European country and I think, let's be absolutely clear, that will be absolutely catastrophic." Mr Johnson said that if Mr Putin continues down on the path to "encircling Kyiv itself, which is what he seems to be proposing to do, capturing the Ukrainian capital" then it is vital his efforts "should not succeed and that Putin should fail".