Hard-left MPs in the Stop the War Coalition have for weeks blamed Boris Johnson and other Western Governments for provoking Russia. They said the build-up of NATO troops in Eastern Europe had antagonised the former Cold War superpower and was responsible for the risk of conflict. Members including Diane Abbott, Richard Burgon and former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn have all taken aim at NATO in recent days. In an email sent by the Stop the War Coalition yesterday - of which Mr Corbyn is vice-president - the group demanded "an end to the NATO expansion that has done so much to stoke this crisis and a lowering of tension through nuclear arms reduction, other arms control measures, a return to the Minsk accords and a withdrawal of British troops and arms from the region". But after President Putin sent troops into Ukraine overnight as part of a full-scale invasion, the MPs have finally condemned Russia's actions. Mr Corbyn said on social media: "Russia’s shocking invasion of Ukraine will inevitably lead to more fear, misery and death. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "It is a frightening escalation of the ongoing crisis. "Russia must withdraw its troops and return to diplomacy. "If it does not, dark days are ahead for Ukraine, Russia and all of Europe." Mr Burgon said in a statement of his own: "Russia's invasion of Ukraine is utterly horrific. "Russia must end this attack and withdraw its troops. "As the UN General Secretary says 'President Putin, in the name of humanity, bring your troops back to Russia. This conflict must stop now'." DON'T MISS:Macron savaged for Putin posturing [REACTION]Sky News reporter savaged EU failure to prepare for Russia attack [WATCH]Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [UPDATE] Russian tanks and troops crossed the border in the early hours of the morning, beginning to occupy parts of Ukraine. Several fatalities have already been reported after heavy shelling took place overnight. Military planes are also flying over the capital, Kiev. Conservative MP Stuart Anderson described the MPs that previously parroted Moscow's lines as "a disgrace to the nation". He added: "I served in Bosnia and Kosovo and some of my friends didn't return. "NATO is a defensive alliance and anyone who says otherwise is fuelling dangerous rhetoric." Yesterday Prime Minister Boris Johnson urged Sir Keir Starmer to take decisive action and remove the whip that allows the MPs to sit on Labour benches in the House of Commons. While he has not done so, Sir Keir said: "Those who have for too long turned a blind eye to Russia's actions must reckon with their own consciences."