Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after she began sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Salome van Aswegen asked: “Please share with me how often you clean your toilet brush and how you clean it? “I have my ways, but wanted to hear other opinions.” Salome’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most common response was to soak them in bleach. Liz Plowman said: “Fill the holder with bleach and place brush in every other day.” READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda  Janice Judge replied: “Hate them. Gloves and bleach is how I clean mine.” Beth Nash said: “Bleach the loo and leave the brush in it, then flush = perfect brush.” Lynette Griffiths wrote: “I clean the loo with bleach, flush and pour more bleach in and soak brush in it overnight.” Sue House said: “Put bleach down the loo and put the toilet brush in overnight. Two jobs done in one.” DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [INSIGHT]Aldi is selling a 5-seater garden sofa set for under £450 [UPDATE]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [ANALYSIS] Sainsbury's Thick Bleach, Citrus 750ml can be bought for 60p. Essential Thick Bleach Citrus 750ml can be purchased from Waitrose for 65p. ASDA Thick Bleach Citrus Burst is available to buy for 50p. Ocado Thick Citrus Bleach costs 55p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included replacing the toilet brush every few months, using Zoflora or opting for a silicone toilet brush which is easier to clean. Sophie Eleanor Jones said: “I put Zoflora in the toilet brush holder and change brushed every few months!” Amanda Jane wrote: “Dilute bleach in the holder and buy new every two months.” Lindsay Louise commented: “Clean in bleach every week. “But throw away every three months and get a new one as they’re not expensive.”  Selina Robinson said: “I have one of the rubber ones, so much cleaner! And easy to keep clean.” Karen Barrigan responded: “I just buy new ones once a month and soak in bleach.” Susan Burfoot said: “I put Zoflora in the holder.” Haifa Varju wrote: “For environmental reasons I have the silicone brushes. “The best thing about them is nothing gets stuck, you can wash them easily but I tend to put Zoflora in the holder and let it sit.”