The second episode of Today at the Caravan Show will air on Channel 5 tonight and will show viewers the best bits of the sold out Caravan, Camping and Motorhome Show at the NEC. The show, hosted by Gemma Hunt and Rufus Hound, will go inside a caravan factory to discover how one of the most luxurious vehicles is constructed. Gemma will also head out to Sandbanks in Dorset to try out the delights of one of most expensive static caravans in the UK. She will also check out one of the most glamorous sites in northern Spain and sample the delights of camping in the Costa Blanca. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Gemma said: “I'm trying to convince my husband, who's definitely not into camping or caravanning or anything of the such. “I'm trying to find some more luxurious ways of convincing him to go on holiday. READ MORE: ‘Telltale’ road sign to stop you colliding with falling trees “We could go in a campervan or a static caravan or even a tent, which will allow us a little bit of luxury and make it feel like more of a holiday. “I think that's the fear that you have to pack up your entire home and erect it somewhere else, to only live in it, then pack it up and go home again. “But actually if you've got the goods and gear and you go somewhere special, where you wouldn't normally go, it could be a really memorable holiday. “You don't always have to have a plan. It's important to make sure you've got somewhere to park legally and pitch up for the night. DON'T MISSDrivers call for E10 petrol to be scrapped [SHOCKING]Today at the Caravan Show looks at a 'stunning' £750k static caravan [PICTURES]Drivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [WARNING] “But if you decide on the route there, you can stop there for a cup of tea and admire the view. “You've got that flexibility to be spontaneous and that’s really exciting.” New data from buymymotorhome.com has found that the average motorhome has seen an increase in price of 13.86 percent, or £4,060, in the past 12 months. Across the past year, prices for motorhomes have seen a big increase, similar to price increases across the used car market. In part, this is due to a lack of new motorhome supply, meaning more people turning to the second-hand market with more competing buyers pushing up prices. In addition, a new wave of first time buyers have driven used motorhomes prices up as they venture into the market for the first time. Almost 60 percent of UK postcodes show an increase in sales, particularly in the Midlands and Derbyshire. This comes as the sold out Caravan, Camping and Motorhome Show is exhibiting some of the innovative technology in the leisure vehicle industry. CampervanCo officially unveiled their new Ford Transit Custom Evolution Eco Camper which is said to be the next generation in low emission recreational vehicles. Using pioneering hybrid technology, the motorhome delivers up to 26 miles on zero-emission, electric charge. The custom-built campervans are also installed with a one litre Eco Boost range-extender engine, removing range anxiety during longer trips. The vehicle is the latest design from the Scottish-based company, which champions environmentally friendly campervans, and was the first manufacturer globally to produce fully hybrid and tribird 4WD vans back in 2016. Today at the Caravan Show is on Channel 5 at 8pm tonight, with the first episode available for catch up on My5.