Jamie Carragher has continued his campaign to wind up Roy Keane over his Cristiano Ronaldo comments. Carragher and Keane clashed earlier in the season when discussing Ronaldo’s contribution to Manchester United and the former Liverpool defender has refused to let the topic drop.     The Sky Sports pundits first debated the subject following United’s 1-1 draw against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge back in November. Carragher has argued that Ronaldo’s return to United will not benefit the team in the long run due to his age and lack of pressing. Keane, meanwhile, believes that Ronaldo’s goal scoring and experience will help United win trophies in the short term. Their initial argument in the Sky Sports studio made headlines due to its heated nature and United’s mixed form since has seen Carragher continually bring it up again. Following United’s defeat on penalties by Middlesbrough in the FA Cup earlier in February saw Carragher tweet: “Roy Keane told me Man Utd had signed Ronaldo to win the #FACup.”  JUST IN: Guardiola's thoughts on Man City's transfer pursuit of Haaland The two pundits have continued the back and forth while on tour with Gary Neville’s Sky Sports series, The Overlap in front of a live audience. Keane said: "Obviously Jamie [Carragher] was wrong, he was talking about winning cups. It is about winning cups for United at the moment." Carragher interjected: "He told [me] Man United has signed Ronaldo to win the FA Cup, well that's gone f****** well didn't it." DON'T MISS Real Madrid and Barcelona lead new Super League plot to make new teams Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick highlights unsung hero he could use Man Utd and Tottenham face Mauricio Pochettino snub  Before Keane then shot back: "To win cups. He obviously didn't do it of course, they might win the Champions League, you never know. We've seen a lot worse teams than Man United win the Champions League. "I didn't say that [he was brought in to win the FA Cup]. I've seen you win cups and I've never seen a happier man." Ronaldo has scored 15 goals in 29 appearances for United so far this season, but the club are still only in the running for one competition after being knocked out of the FA Cup and Carabao Cup. Ralf Rangnick’s side are in the last-16 of the Champions League where they will face Atletico Madrid in the second leg at Old Trafford on March 15 following a 1-1 draw in Madrid this week. Back in November, Carragher compared United’s signing of Ronaldo to Lionel Messi joining Paris Saint-Germain.  "He’s a phenomenon in terms of goals," Carragher said. "But I mentioned this in midweek. PSG signed Messi and United signed Ronaldo. Are United closer to the title? No. Are PSG closer to the Champions League with Messi? No." Keane responded: "Ronaldo was never going to get United back to winning titles." "So what was the point in signing him then?!" Carragher responded. "He’s 37!" "He’s not come back to win the league," Keane said. Carragher: "So what’s he come back for?! What’s he here for then?" Keane: "When you won the FA Cup were you not buzzing with that? United are a cup team at the moment." 