Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood, Chair of the Defence Select Committee, spoke to BBC presenter Victoria Derbyshire on Thursday morning following Vladimir Putin’s attacks on Ukraine. The politician insisted the West should be taking stronger military action to prevent a full-scale invasion as Russian troops and tanks cross the border. Ellwood explained the imminent invasion had been on the horizon since Putin became president of Russia in 2012. The MP strongly condemned the attacks on Ukraine and called for the United Kingdom to impose more severe sanctions on Russia. He told Derbyshire: “It’s not surprising. He’s been leading this the entire time. It’s now happening: full-scale invasion of a European, sovereign state. “This has been building up for four months, and the West has failed to alter the trajectory of events. READ MORE: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley “We tried diplomacy, but without any form of carrot or stick that was going to alter Putin’s thinking, and we’ve now tried limited sanctions in the UK here. “If there’s a full invasion well, then, we’ll do a little bit more, hoping perhaps the tanks might turn around. And I have to say, if Kiev falls, history will ask ‘why the West didn’t do more? “Why we didn’t use our NATO hard-power deterrents, the one Western asset that Putin fears.’ This was not harnessed, and we’re now seeing the consequences of that.” Derbyshire pressed Ellwood further, asking what NATO should specifically have done to ensure the West prevented the Russian strikes.   Ellwood explained he had already called for a stronger NATO presence in Ukraine to combat potential attacks on the Russian border. He recalled: “Six months ago I called for a division, a NATO division, to be moved into Ukraine. “That is what Ukrainians were requesting, and that would have deterred this invasion. That would have been enough to make Putin think twice. “But we didn’t do that, we actually did the opposite. We declared that we would not send any NATO troops into Ukraine. We parked that away.” DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Floki star congratulates co-star’s awards nod [COMMENT]Riverdale’s Veronica star speaks out on ending [INSIGHT]Succession’s Brian Cox swears on Loose Women [VIDEO]  He went on to echo additional warnings that Russia’s actions could have disastrous consequences across the rest of Europe. “We failed to recognise that Ukrainian security is European security,” he cautioned. “The consequence of this invasion, right across Europe, is now being felt. Not just from a security perspective, but also from an economic perspective as well.” Now Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has been declared, Ellwood called for immediate action from NATO allies. He went on: “We’re now moving into a new phase of this crisis. We cannot be timid. “We cannot be risk averse. We’ve got to be more united. We’ve now got to assist Ukraine militarily and look to see how that can be done. “Whether it be weapons systems, a no-fly zone; we need to be far more flat-footed on this.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson promised the UK would react ‘decisively’ as he chaired an emergency Cobra meeting on Thursday, and is expected to announce more sanctions in the House of Commons at 5pm. BBC News at 9 airs weekdays on BBC Two.