After all, part of the problem that has allowed this Ukraine crisis to get out of hand is years of western politicians pussyfooting around Putin and trying not to be offensive. We have seen diplomats and western leaders dance around this aggressor who has turned his once proud country into little more than a mafia state. Mr Wallace is a former Army officer, and we are sure that when he served Queen and country in a uniform, being blunt and direct was an essential part of the job. We could perhaps do with some more former Army officers in the ranks of senior ministers if it means that we get more of this sort of rhetoric. We are sure Mr Wallace also understands all too well that it is wrong to retreat from a bully who has overstretched himself. But words are not enough in dealing with this outrage from Russia. Actions speak much louder. So it is imperative that the Government continues to tighten the screw with more sanctions on Putin and his cronies.  THE Daily Express is happy to support the campaign of GP Dr David Unwin in calling for an end to the dreadful waste of money in the NHS. With ever-increasing demands on our health service, it is impossible to just keep ploughing more money into it and allowing wasted money to go unchecked. There needs to be accountability for taxpayers’ money and a reminder that a significant proportion of our taxes now go on the NHS. But, as Dr Unwin says, the fight must start at home with a grassroots effort to ensure we have healthier lifestyles tackling issues like obesity and diabetes.  FEW will go unmoved by Caring For Derek, the documentary about TV presenter Kate Garraway and her husband Derek Draper’s battle with the after-effects of Covid. Scenes like when Derek, a former Labour spin doctor, broke down in tears as he received a loving birthday card from his daughter Darcey declaring him “the best father in the world”, are a reminder of the power of love to get us through such difficult times. It is also a reminder of the suffering of so many in the last two years and a hope for better times to come. 