Kate sparked a royal frenzy as she was reunited with Princess Mary, the wife of future Danish King Crown Princess Frederik, and Queen Margrethe II. The Duchess of Cambridge headed to the Christian IX’s Palace for her second engagement on her final day in Copenhagen. There, she held an audience with the Danish Queen, who this year is celebrating her Golden Jubilee. The pair were joined by Mary for a private chat. Kate looked at ease as she chatted with the Danish royals wearing a grey Catherine Walker coat dress and black pumps. This isn't the first time Kate meets Queen Margrethe II, as the Danish head of state had attended the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's nuptials in April 2011 at Westminster Abbey. After the meeting ended, Kate and Mary stepped out in the sunny weather to walk to the nearby Frederik VIII's Palace, which hosts the offices of the Crown Prince and Princess. The two royals appeared to be joking with one another during their brief walk, interrupted only every now and then to wave to some of the royal fans who had gathered outside the palace hoping to catch a glimpse of this reunion. At the Frederik VIII's Palace, the Duchess and the Princess had a working lunch, followed by a visit to the Danner Crisis Centre supported by The Mary Foundation, which helps children and female victims of domestic abuse. Kate and Mary were welcomed at the centre by April, five, and Mouna, who is "seven, nearly eight". The adorable children handed the royals splendid bouquets of flowers. Kate travelled to Denmark to deepen her knowledge of the country's world-leading approach to the early years. While on Tuesday she focused her attention on understanding the very earliest stages of a child’s development, Wednesday was packed with visits aiming at learning more about the mental health and wellbeing of youngsters. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could 'reinvent himself' in Megxit-style move to America 5ieaS7vn Mary and Kate first met in 2011, during the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first official visit to Denmark. The two royals are believed to have struck a friendship during that trip, with Mary and Kate appearing to be very close in all the meetings that followed during the years. Among their joint appearances, there has been a trip to Royal Ascot in 2016, during which Princess Mary and Kate were spotted chatting amiably. Mary and Frederik also travelled to England in 2018, to take part in the celebrations for Prince Charles's 70th birthday. And in the summer of 2020, the Cambridges and the Danish royals met once again at Wembley Stadium, where the football teams of England and Denmark went head to head during the EURO championship. Royal fans excited to see Mary and Kate together again today took to Twitter with one, named @katiesroyallove, writing: "The Queens of class, elegance and style ~ Catherine & Mary". Another, @toriaa_h, tweeted: "The 'sisters' The Duchess of Cambridge and Crown Princess Mary are out!" A third, @SabirahLohn, shared one picture from today's engagement and one dating back to 2011 showing the two royals together. She wrote: "Has been over 10 years and these two still get on great. Absolutely love them together!" @DexieJaneRW shared a photo of the royals taken today outside the Danish palace and tweeted: "The elegance and power!!" And @omabelllll simply tweeted a picture of the royals adding: "Future Queens". Finally, @the_royalstan commented on the pictures showing Kate, Queen Margrethe and Mary together inside Amalienborg - the name of the royal palace complex in Denmark. They said: "Crown Princess Mary and Queen Margrethe seem so happy to be with The Duchess of Cambridge. "Look how Mary’s eyes are shining. And Kate trying to be so respectful." Kate and Princess Mary have often been compared over the years for sharing similarities. Both royals are hugely popular in their countries and widely admired for their impeccable style and dedication to royal duties. While Princess Mary will become Queen Consort at the end of the current reign of Queen Margrethe II, the Duchess of Cambridge will assume this title after Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, at the end of Prince Charles's time on the throne.