Low income pensioners are missing out on an average of £1,900 a year by not claiming Pension Credit, according to latest Government figures. Some 850,000 families are missing out on a total of £1.7billion of financial support. Pension Credit is a benefit which is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions, providing crucial financial support to pensioners who are on lower incomes. Single pensioners may be able to get their weekly income topped up to £177.10 per week, while couples could see their joint income increase to £270.30. It also opens the door to various other benefits, such as: READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments due this winter - full list of eligible postcodes However, it appears there are a significant number of people who have not claimed Pension Credit, despite being eligible for support. Commenting on the figures, Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, said: “Pension Credit is designed to top-up the incomes of the poorest pensioners but a third of those entitled to claim – about 850,000 families – are failing to claim. “The human story to this is the hundreds of thousands of people who are struggling to make ends meet who may not realise financial help is available or do not know how to navigate the system. “Pensioners are facing a steep increase in inflation which could rise to over seven percent this year according to the Bank of England – that would outstrip by some margin the one-off ‘double lock’ state pension increase of 3.1 percent that is coming in April.” DON'T MISSPIP explained: The full list of 19 conditions that may qualify for £608 a month from DWP [INSIGHT]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [GUIDE]State pensioners may see sum affected if they have a workplace or personal pension [WARNING] The state pension had previously been due to increase by 8.1 percent from April 2022, but the Government instituted a change to the triple lock policy to stop this from happening. This involved temporarily removing the average earnings growth element of the triple lock for the 2022/23 tax year. The state pension could therefore only increase by either the rate of inflation or 2.5 percent. As the rate of inflation was higher, this was the figure used. Mr Lowe continued: “As the cost of living crisis starts to bite, and with pensioners heavily impacted by rocketing energy bills, it is more important than ever that people who may be struggling for income are aware of the benefits available to them and how they can claim. “There are a range of free resources to help people and families can use a variety of online resources to check if they suspect elderly relatives may be missing out on valuable help. The government website has links to useful third-party calculators, while other sources are Citizens Advice, local councils and charities.” Applicants will have their income assessed to determine their eligibility for Pension Credit, and to calculate how much they could get. Couples must apply for Pension Credit together. Assessed income will include: Britons can apply for Pension Credit online via the Government website, as well as by phone or by post. The data also showed around a quarter of a million pensioners could be missing out on Housing Benefit which could potentially boost their income by £4,000 per year. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “These are enormous sums of money that could really boost people’s income in retirement, and it is vitally important that those who think they may be entitled to support check to see if they are entitled. “With Pension Credit many people think they are not entitled to it because they own their own home or have some savings – this is not the case and these misconceptions are standing in the way of many thousands of pensioners getting much needed support for their retirement.”