Some think being a member of cabin crew is glamourous work, jetting off to several locations across the world, sometimes in one week. But in reality, they work extremely long hours, often spanning a series of international time zones, and sometimes experience jet lag. Nevertheless, they have the power to offer flyers a free upgrade and one flight attendant shared the reasons why she would bump passengers up to first class. Posting in a Reddit thread, someone who works for an airline with the username SteffersTheGnome said listed five reasons they had moved someone from economy to first class. “Airline employee here. Reasons I've upgraded someone without charge included weight and balance (it's gotta be a really empty flight for that to happen!), someone gave up their seat so I could put a family together, someone is travelling for a sad or horrible reason and confided in us. “They're celebrating a special anniversary or birthday, or they volunteered their seat for a different oversold flight. “Just last week this really cute young couple came up to the gate and handed us a bag of goodies, letting us know they appreciated our working so they could see their family. READ MORE: Cruise guests exposes weirdest holiday experience “I noticed they had a much bigger bag of goodies for flight attendants and other agents and we had about six open FC [first class] seats, so I had no problem putting them up in first. “That being said, if there is no FC available (which is the case WAY more often than not), we still communicate a lot of those reasons to the flight attendants and they will happily take care of passengers once onboard.” Passengers also shared how they got an upgrade successfully. Reddit user TheListlessPancake explained: “Reminds me of this time on a flight that I gave my seat up so two women who were flying together could sit next to each other. DON'T MISS...Weight loss tips: 5 ways to lose weight without dieting [EXPERT]Queen’s Williamson diamond brooch valued at £25m - here’s why [PICTURES]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [GUIDE] “Right after that, an older couple came back and this guy didn't want to give up his window seat to let them sit next to each other, so I gave up my second seat so they could. “The flight attendant came back and offered me a seat in first class for ‘being a good sport’. “Being nice just for the sake of it does pay off occasionally.” Someone else with the username bruich81 added: “I can actually answer this one, so I fly fairly often for work and have used this on multiple occasions. “Mind you, it will generally only work for domestic flights. “When you get to the gate before boarding the plane, if it looks like it's not a full flight, go purchase a few gift cards from Starbucks in the airport, usually four to six. “When you board the plane, the person who greets you is the head flight attendant, hand them the cards and say something along the lines of ‘I know you don't get much time for breaks between flights, I hope you can all grab a coffee or sandwich on me’. “And then proceed to your seat. “After the plane has fully boarded I've had attendants walk up to me and say ‘sir if you'd like to grab your bags and join us at the front of the plane, a space has opened up in business class’. “Now the few times it didn't work, the crew is still very thankful and will treat you like gold in economy, bottles of wine, beers, food. “I had to turn down things half way through the flight because they all wanted to give something back,” they added.