Killing Eve has been the explosive assassin drama, revolving around the complicated relationship of psychopath Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) and former MI5 security officer Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh). Unfortunately, this upcoming series on BBC One will be the show's final outing as fans say goodbye to the show for good. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the season four, episode one Killing Eve guest stars. Hélène was the overarching villain of Killing Eve season three as a high-ranking agent of the assassin organisation The Twelve. She ordered Dasha Duzran (Harriet Walter) to do anything she could to get Villanelle to work for them again which led to Eve's estranged husband Niko (Owen McDonnell) being attacked. Camille Cottin is a French actress and comedian who is best known for starring in the comedy-drama Call My Agent! as Andréa Martel for five years. More recently, she starred opposite Lady Gaga in the film House of Gucci as Paola Franchi. READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? Eve starts working at a private security firm where she meets her new colleague Yusuf. As she begins to spend more time with him, Eve and Yusuf embark on a casual relationship. The actor behind Yusuf is Robert Gilbert who featured in the Sky One series Sinbad as Tazeem. He has also been in The Windsors, Ready Player One, Hold the Sunset and Star Trek: Lower Decks. Yusuf - Robert Gilbert  Gunn is another assassin who is described as having "even more issues than Villanelle". So how is everyone's favourite blonde assassin going to react when Gunn comes onto the scene? Actress Marie-Sophie Ferdane is a well-known French actress who won an award for her outstanding work in the film Les hueres in 2015. Some of her other roles have been in I Am Not an Easy Man, Philharmonia and Welcome Aboard. DON'T MISS...Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [CAST]'She's killing the relationship' Killing Eve star opens up [EXPLAINER]Killing Eve's Jodie Comer admits cast had to handle 'dark' new season [INTERVIEW] Actress Anjana Vasan rose to fame through her stage work, receiving an Evening Standard Theatre Award nomination for her performance in the 2019 show of A Doll's House. She has been in Fresh Meat, Black Mirror, Ill Behaviour, Hang Ups, Mogul Mowgli and last year's Channel 4 sitcom We Are Lady Parts. In Killing Eve, she portrays Pam, a young assassin-in-training who is deemed an outsider. She used to work in the family funeral business where she used to be bullied by her brother. Talking about the drama coming to an end, president of original programming for AMC Networks, Dan McDermott said: "Killing Eve exploded in popular culture and attracted a dedicated and committed fan base from its very first episode. "We could not be more thankful for the extraordinary talents and efforts of everyone involved, particularly Sandra [Oh] and Jodie [Comer], who made Killing Eve much more than a television show. "We look forward to what is sure to be an unforgettable final season." Killing Eve season 4 premieres on Monday, February 28, at 9pm on BBC One.