According to data from two leading comparison sites, Compare the Market and Confused.com, the average price of an annual travel insurance policy increased by around 50 percent between August 2019 and August 2020 for both European and global travel. This means travellers could be paying hundreds of pounds more for insurance than they were before the pandemic, with older travellers paying even more. For a two week trip to the United States, researchers were quoted a staggering £451 for an older traveller with pre-existing medical conditions. According to Which? this is more than the cost of some transatlantic flights. However, it isn’t just older travellers who face paying more for travel insurance, it is the majority of holidaymakers. Which? said: “To get an idea of what travel insurance prices are looking like now, we collected quotes from eight major insurers for 11 hypothetical customers, ranging from a young and healthy traveller buying a single trip policy to France, to an older traveller with health issues buying an annual global insurance policy that includes additional cruise cover. READ MORE: 'You don't need a million to retire': Retired expats travel in luxury “For every insurer, we selected the cheapest policy that provided at least £5million for medical, £3,000 for cancellation, £1million for personal liability and £1,500 for personal belongings. Even with this minimum threshold in place, prices varied dramatically. “In one case, the difference between the cheapest and most expensive quote for the same scenario was as much as £249.” Across all of the scenarios, the most expensive quote was more than double the price of the cheapest. Virgin Money quoted £58 to cover a 40-year-old with asthma for a two week holiday to Greece, while Staysure quoted £126. DON'T MISS:British expats: Elderly Britons leaving Spain due to new rules [COMMENT]Northern Lights UK: How to spit an 'intense' display in the UK [INSIGHT]‘Impossible to relax’ Cruise guest shares shocking holiday story [EXPLAINER] Which? explained that purchasing the most expensive policy doesn’t always mean it is the best. They said: “In four of the 11 scenarios we checked, the cheapest quote was for one of the most comprehensive policies, while in six of the 11 times, the most expensive quote was among the least comprehensive, leaving you paying significantly more for significantly less protection. “For example, when we posed as a 60-year-old with high blood pressure and cholesterol issues taking out an annual global policy, including cruise cover, the cheapest quote was £169 for AA’s Silver policy, while the most expensive was £355 for Direct Travel’s Standard cover. “In our most research insurance analysis, the AA policy earned a high overall score of 71 percent and a ‘Superior’ Covid cover rating, while the Direct Travel policy got an overall policy score of 55 percent and a Covid cover rating of ‘Low’.” Travel insurers charge travellers based on how likely they think they will end up paying for a claim. This includes basing the quote on factors such as age, health and destination. Which? found there to be a 63 percent difference in the price a traveller would pay when travelling to the United States, compared to Spain. The Association of British Insurers (ABI) told Which?: “Pricing decisions are a commercial decision for insurers and will depend on a variety of factors including their appetite for risk and operational costs.” Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel, said: “Our research found the most expensive travel insurance is not always the best, and travellers may be quoted significantly more for a lower level of cover. “The wild price differences between insurers mean consumers face paying massively over the odds. “Comprehensive insurance is still available at reasonable prices if you know where to look. “Comparison websites can be a useful tool, and it is best not to put your faith in one provider. Instead, shop around to find the right insurance for your trip.”