Rio Ferdinand has opened up over how Steve McClaren improved his own defending after Harry Maguire’s error for Manchester United against Atletico Madrid. Red Devils legend Paul Scholes was also heavily critical of Fred. United had a rollercoaster evening against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday night after a 1-1 draw at the Wanda Metropolitano. For large swathes of the match, the Red Devils looked unable to match their opponents for intensity and determination and looked doomed to defeat. But the introduction of youngster Anthony Elanga changed everything when he equalised late on with his first touch to give Ralf Rangnick something to cling to for the second leg. It started off poorly for the visitors when Joao Felix scored a wonderful diving header after connecting with Renan Lodi’s pinpoint cross. David de Gea had no chance as the ball ricocheted off the post but there were huge concerns over the marking from Maguire. The Atletico attacker ran straight past the United captain with ease and the defender was accused of being too slow to react. And Red Devils legend Ferdinand has opened up over a trick that Sir Alex Ferguson’s former coach McClaren taught him to defend such situations. He said: “Steve McClaren, I can go through a list of coaches but he was on it a lot - getting your arm out, when you’re coming out and not allowing someone to get in that channel. “Where Joao Felix runs into - if his arms are out he’s got a wider birth to go around and he probably doesn’t get on the end of it. It’s small little details.” But while Maguire’s defending continues to be scrutinised, Fred was also in the firing line from Scholes who could not believe the rashness of his decision-making. In trying to stop the full-back, the Brazilian rushed out only to fall over - allowing Lodi to cross the ball with ease. Scholes said: “Fred, not just his slip, the way he goes out to the ball. “There is no need to go out that quick. That’s where the erraticness of his game comes. “Watch how quick he comes to the ball - he goes out stupidly, commits himself, then he slips and the lad just skips past him.”