Ben Mee’s second-half header earned Burnley a valuable win in their fight against relegation from the Premier League and brought Tottenham back to earth with a bump. Spurs came into the game on the back of their dramatic win over Manchester City, but struggled to cope with Burnley’s physicality and intensity at Turf Moor as the Clarets picked up their second win in a week to boost their chances of staying up. Here are the four things Express Sport learnt from the match. Tottenham are under no illusions that Harry Kane is their best player. He knows it and so do all of his team-mates. His outstanding performance in the miraculous 3-2 win over Manchester City on the weekend merely reaffirmed his status. Having a world-class striker is no problem in itself, but Kane’s desire to be involved often sees him go searching for the ball to try and influence things. There is no doubt Kane is good enough to do that. He is very effective when dropping deep to thread through passes, or out wide putting crosses in.  But he needs his team-mates to help him out, to make runs in behind, to get on the end of his crosses, otherwise it’s all futile. Kane hit the crossbar with a header from a Son Heung-min free-kick, but otherwise he cut a frustrated figure against the brilliant partnership of Mee and James Tarkowski. His supporting cast of Son, Dejan Kulusevski and, later, Lucas Moura, were hugely disappointing.  The sale of Chris Wood to relegation rivals Newcastle looked like a blow for Burnley, but his replacement has been fantastic so far. Wout Weghorst fits perfectly into Burnley’s no-nonsense style. He’s tall, good in the air, works hard and has an understated but extremely useful touch which allows Sean Dyche’s side to hold onto the ball. Weghorst cost £12million from Wolfsburg, meaning Burnley banked £13m from the £25m sale of Wood. It certainly looks like good business right now. After the high of the win over Man City, Antonio Conte spoke about the need for Spurs to develop a “nasty” side to be successful. He told the Evening Standard: “A strong team has to become nasty. During the game, you have to feel the blood of your opponent! Sorry, but I don't have any other words to explain it. “In my opinion, when you go into a game, one [team] lives and another dies. You have to be available to do everything - but in a sporting way. “You have to know that the game doesn't finish with two happy teams. One team is happy, another is unhappy.” A wet and windy night at Burnley, in a match rearranged because of heavy snow, was the time to put Conte’s idea into practice. It didn’t happen. Dyche has made a habit out of keeping Burnley in the Premier League. This year is his hardest task, but there are signs he could just pull it off. While the likes of Watford, Leeds and Everton are struggling, Burnley appear to be finding their feet. Had Jay Rodriguez taken his two very presentable chances then the Clarets could have been out of sight in the second half. Hugo Lloris pushed away the Burnley striker’s header before he poked over the bar from Mee’s ball across the six-yard box. In the end, it didn't matter, with Burnley's defence standing up tall to repel Spurs and secure a huge win.