High cholesterol impacts more than 40 percent of people in the UK, according to 2021 statistics from the NHS, in many cases driven by lifestyle factors such as diet. However, due to its lack of obvious or clearly noticeable symptoms, many people go undiagnosed - lending to the condition's reputation as a "silent killer". Although high cholesterol can occur due to hereditary factors, or as a result of age or other conditions, certain diet and lifestyle choices could be driving up your risk. Rosie Martin is a registered dietician who specialises in preventative and lifestyle nutrition, and is also an advisory board member for Plant Based Health Professionals(PBHP). She told Express.co.uk: "High cholesterol has a number of controllable risk factors. "A poor diet is the main risk factor for raised cholesterol levels." READ MORE: High cholesterol: The telltale sign to spot in your arms Ms Martin told Express.co.uk that saturated fats from one food source, in particular, could be causing your cholesterol levels to soar if eaten in excess. She said: "You are more at risk of high cholesterol with a high intake of saturated fat from animals products like any meats, cheeses, creams and butter, and highly processed foods like cakes, biscuits and pastries." Dr Luke Pratsides, a GP for digital health care company Numan, told Express.co.uk that although all animal products can contribute to cholesterol, dairy and processed meats are some of the worst. He said: "Foods high in saturated fat increase the risk of high cholesterol. These usually come from animal fats and in particular overconsumption of dairy products and processed meats can lead to high cholesterol." DON'T MISSDementia symptoms: The walking sign that's the 'earliest predictor' [REPORT]Dementia: The smelly sign that may 'precede' memory loss by 10 years  [INSIGHT]Richard Osman health: Pointless host's 'difficult journey' with addict [REVEALED] But it isn't just the food you are eating that can be a problem, Ms Martin pointed out that not getting enough of certain foods may also lead to cholesterol-related issues. She said: "You are at a greater risk with a low intake of plant foods like fruits, vegetables, whole grains, beans, nuts and seeds." Dr Pratsides added: "People that lead a sedentary lifestyle, have an unhealthy diet high in saturated fat, smoke and have a family history of high cholesterol or a genetic cholesterol disorder like familial hypercholesterolaemia are all at increased risk of high cholesterol." If you aren't ready to take on a plant-based diet or are simply a dairy lover, the good news is you may not have to eliminate these foods altogether. Instead, enjoying them moderately, as part of a healthy and balanced diet is the key. Dr Pratsides said: "The best way to reduce your levels of cholesterol is to limit foods high in saturated fats like dairy or other animal fats, particularly processed meats." Even for the most avid-meat eater, it is possible to change your habits. According to Ms Martin, the key is to "adapt". She said: "Aim to bring in extra portions of fruits and vegetables by snacking on fruit and filling half your plate with colourful vegetables at meals. "Reduce or remove animals products like meat, cheese and cream, and replace with plant proteins like beans, tofu and soya yoghurt. "Swap saturated fats from animals products for unsaturated fats from plants; good sources include avocados, walnuts, flaxseeds and hemp seeds." Ensuring you are also getting enough whole grain carbohydrates will ensure you have enough fuel to get through the day. Ms Martin said: "Swap to whole grain carbohydrates like brown rice, wholemeal bread and whole wheat spaghetti." However, it is also important to pay attention to how you are cooking your food. Ms Martin explained: "Be aware that although coconut oil and palm oil are from plants, they are also high in saturated fats, so switch to olive oil or rapeseed oil and use sparingly in your cooking." Aside from diet changes, quitting smoking and taking up regular exercise also play an essential role. Dr Pratsides said: "Exercise regularly for 30 minutes of moderate-intensity, five times a week. "Moderate-intensity exercise is where you can feel your heart beating fast but can still have a conversation - like a brisk walk."