Houseplants are a terrific way to add colour and life to any home space, however, a selected few can be difficult to look after, especially if potential plant owners don’t choose the right ones. While it may be tempting to choose something exotic and colourful, Britons may be safer sticking to one of these selected houseplants. Inspired by his love of plants, Nick Pileggi, who regularly takes to YouTube to share houseplant tips, has revealed which ones are “impossible to kill”, making them perfect for “neglectful” owners. Nick explained that these houseplants are for “neglectful” plant owners. He said: “All of these plants fall into the under watering side of the spectrum so they are for neglectful plant parents, people who travel anything along those lines. “If you do not pay that much attention to watering your plants these plants are for you and they’re impossible to kill.” Epiphyllum ackermannii is a fast growing, stunning jungly type cactus. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Nick said: “So commonly this variety is referred to an orchid cactus and this one in particular is an epiphyllum ackermanii and these are really impossible to kill. “Don’t water them every day because they could rot. “I water mine every 10 day plus and I’ve never had an issue.” Epiphyllum ackermanii have stunning large blooms, which are usually fragrant. This plant is more commonly known as fishbone cactus due to its long fishbone-like leaves, which initially are upright, but as the plant matures and the leaves become longer, they become more pendant and hang over the edges of the pot. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading  [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens [TIPS]Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [EXPERT] Nick said: “Its got funky little zig zag leaves and sometimes they call it a zig zag cactus. “So these do require bright light, I grow both of these in south facing windows, and that’s the secret to these, they really do like to be practically fried in a window. “Put your epiphyllums as close to a window as possible, maybe not necessarily in the window, but very close to the window would be best and do not over water them. “This one I’m very forgetful with, I probably water it every two or three weeks.” This cactus is a structural gem that's valued for its foliage, however it may also produce a few white flowers if the conditions are good. Rhipsalis baccifera are commonly known as mistletoe cacti. It originates from Central and South America, the Caribbean, and Florida. Nick explained how these plants are “very” low maintenance. He said “This plant is just absolutely fantastic with it’s just green spaghetti look, but very similar to the epiphyllums, these guys are very low maintenance. “I would consider them impossible to kill as long as you don’t over water them. “The added bonus about these rhipsalis is that they require a little bit less light than the epiphyllums do.” The epiphyllums have thicker leaves so they require more light to hold up their foliage, whereas rhipsallis have thin leaves so they do not require as much light as they can withstand small amounts for water. Nick suggested keeping them two feet from bright windows in the home for them to do “fantastic”. The ZZ plant, with its wide, attractive, dark green leaves, boasts many favourable traits for offices and homes. Nick explained: “This is the plant that is just known for being impossible to kill. “If you water this plant more than you pay your rent it’s too much.” The ZZ plant tolerates neglect, is drought tolerant, and accepts low-light conditions without throwing a fit. He added: “You could water this plant every two or three weeks and it would be ok. “You don’t want to overwater them because they have a very thick bulbous root system below the soil that will rot very easily upon overwatering.”