GAME looks to be opening orders for its next PS5 restock in the UK in the next few weeks. GAME only just recently shipped out orders for its latest PS5 restock, with PlayStation 5 console deliveries arriving at gamers' doorsteps by February 25. And the latest update to the GAME PS5 website shows orders for Sony's console will be being dispatched around the same time in March. The PS5 order hub on the GAME website has been updated to show the next batch of stock will be delivered by March 25. If GAME follows the schedule with its previous PS5 restock then orders could open the week before, potentially between March 16 and March 18. At the time of writing, GAME has 16 different PS5 purchase options listed online that will be available for pre-order with a March 25 2022 release date. This includes a PS5 Disc console on its own as well as a range of bundles which come with the latest must-have PlayStation exclusive - Horizon Forbidden West.  Judging by past restocks, GAME will likely open orders for the PS5 between 9am and 11.30am on the day that the March stock drop goes live. And if you've never tried to order a PS5 during a GAME restock then here's a few pro tips to help you out. One of the most important things to bear in mind is with these restocks the standalone PS5 console tends to sell out the quickest, so you'll likely have more joy trying to purchase one of the bundles on offer. Also, if you're able to it's best to try and access the GAME website via multiple devices to place an order. So log on once stock becomes available with your mobile, laptop and / or tablet.  And finally, in the past GAME customers have reported more joy using Guest checkout to place their order instead of logging in to their dedicated GAME account. PS5 stock hunters have found this is a quicker way to place an order, and that's vitally important given how fast PS5 restocks are known to have sold out in the past.  We'll have to wait and see whether the GAME order hub gets updated in the run up to the listed release date, as another major PS5 game - Gran Turismo 7 - will be launching before orders are shipped.