Ukraine is under threat again as it suffers yet another military invasion. Russian President Vladimir Putin announced a large-scale military attack on the nation this morning. As the eighth-most populous country in Europe, Ukraine has long been a target of territorial invasion, mainly by Russia, as a former Soviet state and neighbouring country. Full independence was only granted to Ukraine in the late 20th century, but this still hasn’t prevented further third party occupation in the years since. After suffering long periods of successive domination by its surrounding countries, Poland, Russia, Lithuania, and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) to name a few, Ukraine gained full independence on August 24, 1991. This sovereignty came after the dissolution of the Soviet Union towards the end of the Cold War - this was the last federation to have fully occupied Ukraine. READ MORE: Boris calls Cobra meeting as PM readies to unleash hell on Putin  No. After World War 1, Ukraine first seized independence following the invasion of Bolsheviks in 1917, now regarded as a war between the Ukrainian People’s Republic and the Bolsheviks. However, this was short-lived and Ukraine lost the war, leaving the country to be partitioned once again by Poland and Bolshevik Russia. The Bolshevik-occupied territory of Ukraine submitted to the Communist Party, which led to the establishment of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. In 1922, this republic became one of the founding members of the Soviet Union. Ukraine remained under Soviet control for the remainder of the 20th century until the Soviet Union’s collapse in December 1991. After declaring sovereignty, the country changed its official name to Ukraine and helped spearhead the establishment of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), an amalgamation of former Soviet republics. DON'T MISS: Boots undercut by Superdrug in Covid test price war [ANALYSIS]Channel migrant crisis: Why refugees travel to the UK from Europe [EXPLAINED]Poll: How do YOU think UK should respond to Russia's Ukraine invasion? [POLL]    This agreement was initiated by Ukraine, Russia, and Belarus to replace the Soviet Union, and were subsequently joined by a number of central Asian republics and Transcaucasian Republics, including Moldova. The CIS functioned to coordinate its member state’s policies on areas such as foreign affairs, economies, and defence. Ukraine remained a member of CIS until 2018, when its membership was withdrawn as a result of the ongoing conflict caused by Russia’s annexation of Crimea, a peninsula in Southern Ukraine, in 2014, which cost nearly 10,000 people their lives in the years since. Ukraine still remains an independent state, however, certain areas are still occupied by Russia. The Russian government remains in control of Crimea, and Donetsk and Luhansk have been controlled by Russian rebels since 2014.