Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen has told how she has been "taking stock" after "peace was shattered" at Ravenseat farm yesterday. The mother-of-nine, 47, took to Twitter to reflect on the conflict in Ukraine, as she looked at the lives of the people who live in the country as it comes under attack from Russia. In view of her 191,600 followers, the best-selling author told how a moment of peace at the Yorkshire farm had been broken yesterday. Amanda wrote: "Taking stock," followed by three sheep emojis. She went on: "Quietly going about our business when the peace was shattered by 3 fighter jets overhead. "A sobering moment, when the people of the Ukraine were, just like us all, only days ago simply going about their daily lives & are now under attack." (sic) READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement She finished her post with the hashtags: "#war #unthinkable." Amanda accompanied the caption with a couple of solemn photos of the farm. In the first, her sheepdog Kate looked alert as it stood next to a brick building while gazing over the snow-topped landscape. The second revealed cloudy conditions at Ravenseat amid the stunning hills. Following Amanda's post, her fans rushed to weigh in on the incident. Twitter user Noreen Clarke penned: "A sobering and upsetting post. "We all find pleasure and comfort following you and your lovely family. "The thought that this could be tainted by what is happening in the Ukraine is so so sad," she added. DON'T MISS... Isabelle Huppert shows off ageless beauty as she hosts César Awards [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson blasts 'wannabe' Cruz Beckham for 'provocative' shoot [ANALYSIS]'My boys' Penny Lancaster reacts to snap of Rod Stewart and son Ali [UPDATE] Glenda Shaw agreed, writing: "Thanks Amanda for the lovely snowy pics. It's heartbreaking to see what Ukraine is going through. "My heart goes out to everyone there. "No country should be at war, there should be peace in our time." However, after her post yesterday, Amanda revealed that Ravenseat was in brighter spirits today with a sweet snap. Sharing it to Twitter, the shepherdess posted an image of one of her younger children climbing on a bale of hay while surrounded by a flock of sheep. Dressing for winter, the tot scrambled on the bale while fully kitted out in a hat, thick coat and gloves as the flock looked on. She later shared pictures of more of her children getting stuck in with the work on the farm as they played in the snow. Amanda captioned the series of snaps "work and play" as her brood helped out with tasks.