Emily Maitlis, 51, has spoken out about the fact that she will not be replacing Andrew Marr. The journalist responded to a fan who expressed that they had a bet that she would replace Andrew Marr on his BBC show. The Newsnight presenter responded to the fan on Twitter and fans responded with their own thoughts. She tweeted the post in full view of her 457,200 followers. Emily initially posted a message saying farewell to BBC following her departure from the national broadcaster. Emily wrote: “Nevertheless, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after 20 phenomenal years. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years “I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there. More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends. “I owe my BBC colleagues everything.” In response @BeCoMeCast wrote: “The @BBC’s greatest loss since Television Centre. “Thank You and ‘Good Luck’ at @Global, Emily @Maitlis. “You have been an incredible ambassador of the BBC and THE trusted & eloquent voice of decency. "I’m also gutted as I had a tenner on You to take over from Andrew Marr.” (sic) The star responded, writing in a quote tweet: “Sorry to mess up your bet .. but thank you for such kind words. Really touched.” Fans were eager to voice their views on the subject. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] @PaulCYallop quipped: “It’s a great loss to the BBC - but now that you don’t have to be impartial, you can give your opinions on the big issues of the day! “Such as grated cheese on curry? Yes or no?” @BeCoMeCast replied again, saying: “You’re very welcome and they are truly well deserved words. “Not to worry about my bet - I’ve doubled up and have You to win Wimbledon this year … don’t let me down!” @CliveDavidLon opined: “Why don’t Global launch a TV network rather than just YouTube access?” @Billpor856 said: “Totally agree, I’ve now given up watching Newsnight  now the magic has vanished.” Emily first joined Newsnight in 2006 and her most famous interview on the show came when she sat down with Prince Andrew in November 2019. For the interview, the host won the Network Presenter of the Year award at the RTS TV journalism awards in 2020.