Ned Eisenberg, who starred in Law and Order: Special Victims Unit (SVU) and more recently Mare of Easttown, has died from cancer at the age of 65. His wife Patricia had confirmed the sad news in a statement released today to TMZ and added that his death occurred at the weekend. It read: "As Ned would say, he was attacked by two very rare assassins — cholangiocarcinoma and ocular melanoma. "Over the course of two years, he bravely fought the cancers in private while continuing to work in show business to ensure that his medical coverage paid for himself and his family." The actor most recently starred alongside Kate Winslet in the popular series HBO drama Mare Of Easttown, playing Detective Hauser. He also portrayed defense attorney Roger Kressler in Law & Order, with Law & Order: Special Victims Unit making him one of the series’ most regular supporting characters. READ MORE: Strictly's Karen Hauer reacts as former co-star arrested in Ukraine Tributes have poured in for the beloved actor who privately battled cancer for the past two years. Twitter user, Vivianna penned: "Oh no. So sad, loved him in L&O. May his family find comfort." Princess Kimberly commented: "Prayers sent." Collin offered his condolences, writing: "Oh no. Wow. 65 is so young." The actor has also appeared in a number of major films during his career. Ned also starred as Lou Rabinowitz on the hit Amazon show The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. The actor was born and raised in New York City and began studying his love of acting from high school. The young talent got his first film credit in 1980. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty forced to address concern after sharing odd cat snap[LATEST]Jack Whitehall's partner Roxy Horner rushed to hospital[HEALTH]The One Show's Angela Scanlon shares first photo of new baby[INSTAGRAM] He did so while he was touring on the Broadway play Brighton Beach Memoirs. The on-screen star previously described himself as "street-style" actor, coming up through the ranks rather than academic programs. The actor also co-founded the Naked Angels Theatre Company in 1987. Following his big break, he then went on to have guest star roles on various television series that decade, including The Equalizer and Miami Vice. In 1999, Ned appeared as Ariel in the first season episode of HBO’s The Sopranos. He has also continued his film career by appearing in Clint Eastwood’s Oscar-winning drama Million Dollar Baby in 2004. His most recent on-screen role was Vito Decanio in The Blacklist last year. Ned is survived by his wife Patricia and his son Lino.