Piers Morgan, 54, has been watching very closely the events unfolding between the Ukraine and Russia, and now Russian President Vladimir Putin has launched a full-scale invasion, it's made many question whether WW3 is on the cards. The former Good Morning Britain presenter branded the President a "ruthless dictator", as he offered up some potential solutions for halting the terrifying events.  Taking to Twitter, he penned: "Putin’s doing this because he got away with it last time in Crimea. "And if he gets away with it again in Ukraine, he’ll keep invading other countries until he restores the Soviet Union. "The world must unite to stop this ruthless dictator - before it’s too late." READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation In a separate tweet, he shared: "This is an act of war by a bully-boy thug who doesn’t think the rest of the world has the guts or will to stop him. "Shameful." It comes after Russian forces launched a major military assault on Ukraine, with reports of explosions near major cities across the country. In a TV statement, President Putin said Russia "did not plan to occupy Ukraine" but confirmed if any opposed their mission, Moscow's response would be "instant". Shortly afterwards, attacks were reported on Ukrainian military targets. In a video statement on Thursday morning, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky revealed martial law was now being imposed across the country, urging people "not to panic". He spoke calmly as he said: "No panic. We're strong. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation [INTERVIEW]  "We're ready for anything. We'll defeat everyone, because we are Ukraine." On Thursday morning, Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to chair a Cobra emergency meeting after Putin launched the invasion on its neighbour overnight. Almost 200,000 troops have been situated on Ukraine's borders for weeks, with the Russian President ordering strikes on Ukraine's military infrastructure in the early hours of the morning. Moscow's attacks come despite warnings from the West that a coordinated response would be unleashed on the Kremlin if it took action against Kiev. Sanctions aimed at crippling the Russian economy have already been drawn up to be introduced by the UK along with the US and EU. The UK announced a "first barrage" of measures against Moscow on Monday after it recognised the rebel-held regions of eastern Ukraine as breakaway republics.