Amazon customers can get a whopping £40 saving on the price of the fourth-generation Echo Dot and unlock a free one-month subscription to Amazon Music Unlimited to enjoy on their new smart speaker. The latest Echo Dot speaker usually costs £49.99 on its own, but you can get this Alexa-powered gadget with access to Music Unlimited for £17.98 if you're a Prime member, or £19.98 if you're not. If you want to take advantage of this incredible money-saving deal, you'll need to act quick as the offer expires at midnight tonight, Monday February 28, 2022. The deal essentially brings the price of the fourth-generation Echo Dot, which launched with a stylish new design back in October 2020, to just £9.99. That's the cheapest the Alexa-powered speaker has ever been (and likely will ever be). For those looking to pick up this bargain Echo Dot deal from Amazon, there are a few things you need to know. To grab this deal, you need to be a new Amazon Music Unlimited subscriber as well as a new Echo device customer. That means you can't already be a Music Unlimited subscriber or be enjoying a separate free trial to be eligible for this offer. The Echo Dot deal will also include auto-renew on Music Unlimited so if you don't want to be charged for the service after your first month's access finishes then you'll need to cancel before. If you're an Amazon Prime member, Music Unlimited will cost you £7.99 a month, while for non-Prime subscribers will pay £9.99 a month – that's the same as a standard subscription to rival services, including Spotify Premium and Apple Music. READ MOREBest Echo Dot Deals  For anyone that is eligible for the offer, who has been thinking of picking up an Echo Dot for a while, then this is an absolutely unmissable deal you'll want to grab before it runs out. The fourth-generation Echo Dot, which is included in this deal has never been priced this low, and the deal means the latest Echo Dot model is considerably cheaper than the previous generation Echo Dot, which usually is the best option to get for those on a budget. At the time of writing, the third-generation Echo Dot is listed at full price (£39.99) on the Amazon UK website. If you do end up picking up the fourth-generation Echo Dot over its elder sibling, you'll benefit from a number of improvements and changes. The most obvious of which is the design, with the fourth-generation AI-controlled speaker boasting an eye-catching ball-shape design as opposed to the disc-shaped look of the 3rd gen speaker. This new look, which makes the fourth-generation Echo Dot slightly bigger than its predecessor, also helps to provide improve sound quality.  Not only that, but if you're keen on doing your bit to help the environment then the fourth-generation Echo Dot is a great choice. That's because the latest Echo Dot is made from 50 percent recycled plastics as well as 100 percent recycled aluminium and fabric. Unlike its predecessors, this Echo Dot also supports the playback of lossless (aka CD quality) audio, which is great news as Amazon Music Unlimited's library of over 75 million songs is available in the lossless format. Amazon dubs this HD audio. 