Political commentator Marina Purkiss appeared on Jeremy Vine on 5 and was not convinced that the UK should pay much attention to the Royal Family and the news the Queen has coronavirus. Ms Purkiss said Europe was on the "brink of war" with Russia and deplored how the Queen's health was front-page news. The panellist also poured cold water on the Queen's duties and did not think they were a good use of time due to her ceremonial nature. Speaking on Jeremy Vine on 5, Ms Purkiss disliked how much attention was being put on the Royal Family when bigger issues were happening around the world. She said: "Why are we so obsessed with the Royal Family in this country? "We're on the brink of war in Russia and this is what's on our front pages plus these like duties that she's supposedly going to be doing. "Her light duties involve her working on her red boxes, right? "This is very light work... I mean, I don't know what her heavy work is, but light work, this is her sat at her desk, reading through her Government papers, telegrams, letters, etc. "Which I just find to be the most colossal waste of time anyway, given that she's got no powers that are beyond ceremonial. "So I think she should probably just put her feet up." TalkRADIO presenter James Max disagreed with Ms Purkiss, arguing the Queen getting Covid had a wider meaning.  Mr Max believed the news showed how the UK had to "live with Covid" as the elderly monarch is continuing on despite her illness and the rest of the country is too. He said: "I think you've been a little dismissive with what Her Majesty does and indeed the influence that she may or may not have. "Whether or not you like the monarchy is another matter, it's very clear, I think, that you don't." Later on, Ms Purkiss said the Queen was "irrelevant" to many people in the UK as Mr Max exclaimed she was one of the most famous people in the world. Buckingham Palace announced on Sunday that the Queen contracted the virus and will be following the guidelines. The statement read: “Buckingham Palace confirm that the queen has today tested positive for Covid. “Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week. She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines.” Prince Charles and Camilla also caught the disease several days ago with several Windsor staff also contracting it.  Buckingham Palace is not expected to provide running updates on the Queen's health as part of their policy of not discussing health issues of Royal Family members. However, after the Queen was forced to cancel her appearance at several high-profile events, Buckingham Palace confirmed she was suffering from back problems. Royal experts believed the move was to ease the minds of the public. The Queen's overnight stay in the hospital was also kept quiet until it was picked up by the media. 