Aimee Hussey, 24, has blasted the driver who she claims could have killed her and her 20-year-old horse Jak. The video, recorded on Aimee's helmet cam, shows the red Nissan tear inches past Jak while breaking 40mph speed limit on the road near Bury, Greater Manchester. Aimee, who has been riding horses since she was five, has reported the driving to the police and will hand the footage to them if they choose to prosecute. She told Manchester Evening News: "What that driver doesn't realise is that his or her recklessness could kill them as well as us. "If a horse ends up on your windscreen when you're driving at that speed, there's not going to be good outcome." The young horse rider also shared the clip on social media, writing: "The Highway Code states a driver should always pass a horse wide and slow. "You should slow down to 10mph and give at least two metres of space. The road I am riding on here is a 40mph road. As you can see the first car passed correctly, a few seconds later the second car didn’t even bother to slow down. "As a horse rider I know how quickly horses can get spooked and best believe it they jump sideways, forwards and backwards before you have time to step on your brakes. "It only adds a few seconds onto your journey to be courteous so please slow down just a little."   While the Highway Code says horse riders should use bridalways where possible, they are allowed on roads other than motorways. Aimee showjumped with Jak until he "retired" and now rides him around Bury and the surrounding areas. She continued: "Now I just hack him around, which is lovely for us. "When I first bought he was quite nervous, but I've trained him myself so thankfully he's usually OK in traffic." In the wake of Aimee's post, scores of Facebook users have put up comments in support of her. One said: "Horses will be on the roads until it is made illegal not to be whether people like it or not. My horse was hit by a speeding car not so long back, it takes a few seconds to slow down and pass wide, horse riders really do appreciate that, and it's best for everyone's safety. "Also, the majority of horse riders give way to other road users where we can so please just have basic respect so we can all share the roads safely, surely it's not that hard to do." Another said: "I always drive with care when passing horses, and give way to them turning right often holding up traffic behind me as they turn. They were here before us motorists. A bit of mutual respect goes a long way."