After losses earlier in the week stock markets have recovered slightly today after sanctions were largely seen as less heavy than previously feared with some of Russia's biggest banks not yet targeted. AJ Bell Investment Director Russ Mould cautioned that predicting the next stage would be "mug's game" though, adding "until the situation is resolved the markets are likely to remain firmly on the edge." One area showing a very clear direction are oil markets with prices already pushing towards the $100 a barrel threshold. Such price pressure is likely to act as a further driver on inflation which is already informing monetary policy in the UK with two consecutive interest rate hikes so far.  Susannah Streeter, Senior Investment and Markets Analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: "Central Banks will be navigating these conflicting tides as they decide how fast and how steeply rates should be raised to try and cool down hot consumer prices. "With higher oil and gas prices such inflationary drivers, the turn of events is unlikely to deter them from the immediate policy signalled of fresh hikes." According to Jason Hollands, from broker Bestinvest, a higher inflation environment means investors should look to the banking sector for potential gains, recommending funds such as Artemis UK Select and Jupiter UK Special Situations which are exposed to the sector. He told The Telegraph: "Banks are beneficiaries from this, so I would encourage investors to think more broadly about the effect of inflation and rising rates rather than focus on energy prices rises alone."  So far UK markets have proved slightly more resilient than those on the continent with Europe's STOXX 600 index down nearly two percent over the last five days. Spreading risk across different markets is an important consideration for investors though. Ms Streeter advised: "For investors it’s worth remembering that in times of increased nervousness, it’s even more crucial to have a diversified portfolio. "There are already signs of bargain hunting among traders, keen to snap up shares sensitive to the situation but concentrating efforts on ensuring holdings represent a basket of different assets across varied geographies is likely to provide more resilience."  With markets facing increased uncertainty gold, which is traditionally seen as a safe haven investment, has jumped in price in recent weeks. Daniel Fisher, CEO of broker Physical Gold, told Express.co.uk demand had "gone crazy" since the Ukraine crisis escalated. As more investors piled in gold broke past £1,404 an ounce yesterday with Mr Fisher explaining people didn't want to be left out now the price was moving quickly. Physical Gold has seen a particular rise in investors new to gold looking for a safe investment option.   DON'T MISS: Ukraine crisis set to prolong Eurozone inflation [ANALYSIS]Andrew Bailey grilled by MPs on inflation [LATEST]Aston Martin accelerates into 2022 with 'significant' £1bn injection [SPOTLIGHT] According to Mr Fisher while the price of gold may fluctuate slightly depending on diplomatic developments the yellow metal has a lot to potentially gain going forwards with wider fears around inflation. "Everyone feels we're entering a tough economic period" he explained, adding that even before the crisis people were concerned about losing money on savings in the bank due to inflation. Some however hope to see markets recover quickly from the crisis in the longer term. Rupert Thompson, Chief Investment Officer at Kingswood, pointed out stock market falls tended to be "short-lived" in most geo-political crises. "Even in the Gulf War of 1990, where markets were still down 11% after three months, they had regained all these losses within six months" he explained. 