The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out at the Lego Foundation PlayLab at University College Copenhagen for her final engagement of Tuesday. During the visit, Kate went down a slide with the hilarious moment caught on camera. The Duchess laughed as she whizzed down the slide and gracefully stood up in her heels. Kate's antics prompted praise on social media, with royal author Angela Levin tweeting: "What a good sport. "I can't imagine any other royal doing this with such spirit and dignity." Another Twitter user with the handle @THERoyalCrabbit wrote: "Can’t get enough of this! Thank you!" A third person, @kelwell16, said: "That's what I love about Catherine she is up for anything." Another Twitter user, @mrgnandmarathon, gushed: "She's such a good sport!! Love it!" A fifth, @BillyDouglass7, commented: "Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, is a special lady!!! Always happy vibes with the future Queen!!!!" Another Twitter user with the handle @DuchessDearly said: "Oh I can so relate to this, every time I see a slide I want to slide down! How wonderful of Catherine to show you can be serious and fun and accomplish great things!!" READ MORE: Cambridges’ rugby rivalry intensifies as teams go head to head One more, @Van7212, asked: "HOW can she be still SO elegant after hurtling down a slide and jumping up in heels?!!!" Another, @Molly19121, added: "My word she’s an asset to the royal family." During Kate's visit to the Lego Foundation PlayLab she took part in activities with students who are training to be early years professionals. DON'T MISS'Gorgeous' Kate Middleton pays tribute to Denmark today [ANALYSIS]Kate to reunite with doppelganger Princess Mary on Denmark trip [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: William and Kate to clash in battle for pride [LIVE BLOG] The Duchess arrived in Copenhagen earlier today for a whistle-stop tour meeting health workers and academics at the forefront of Denmark's world-leading approach to early childhood development. Kate will spend two days in the capital on a fact-finding, working visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. It will be the first time she has taken the work of her foundation, which she launched in June, to the international stage. The visit will also pay tribute to the historic ties Britain shares with Denmark and celebrate the countries' joint jubilees - the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the Golden Jubilee of Denmark's Queen Margrethe II, both of which fall in 2022.