Princess Beatrice, 33, married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, 38, back in July 2020, but the couple welcomed their first child into the world just last year. Beatrice gave birth to Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi on September 18, 2021, and quickly got her pre-pregnancy body back. After giving birth in September, Princess Beatrice then attended a wedding on October 23 with her husband and sister. It was the wedding of Prince Philippos of Greece and Nina Flohr, which took place at the Metropolitan Cathedral in Athens. Beatrice looked stunning in the wedding’s photos, wearing a unique dress that featured a black skirt and a beige-coloured bodice. The bodice had long sleeves and diamantes on its neckline, while a sequined bow decorated the dress’ waist. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble Beatrice looked slim and healthy, showing off her post-pregnancy figure. Experts spoke to Express.co.uk about how the Princess managed to get “her body back” after giving birth. Health and fitness coach Sarah Campus from LDN MUMS FITNESS said: “It is very clear from Princess Beatrice’s postpartum journey that she has the essential determination and balanced approach to food for getting her ‘body back’. “Her body never actually went anywhere except to grow a baby and actually come back stronger as a result.”  According to Sarah, “the most important thing is consistency”. “It is all about balance and colour, having enough fibre and essential vitamins,” she said. Dr Charlotte Norton, Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, agreed that foods containing a lot of fibre can help lead to weight loss – and they were likely to be part of Beatrice’s diet at the time. Charlotte continued: “I’m sure there would have been a lot of factors which contributed to Princess Beatrice’s impressive post-baby weight loss. “One of the things that aids with weight loss significantly is breastfeeding. “While the amount of weight that can be lost via breastfeeding varies person to person, typically an individual could look at burning between 500 and 700 calories per day. “In order to achieve sustainable weight loss, it is likely the Princess would have had a high-fibre diet consisting of foods such as avocados, berries, beans, broccoli and more.” The doctor went on to explain that fibre “is great for making you feel fuller for longer, which as a result, curbs snacking throughout the day”. She added: “In addition to this, stocking up on healthy proteins such as lean meats, eggs, and dairy would have boosted metabolism and decreased appetite, which would have aided in weight loss. “Coupling a healthy and nutritious diet with exercise would have also contributed to her weight loss – however this would, of course, depend on the healthcare advice provided post-pregnancy.” According to Charlotte, “it is likely Princess Beatrice would have focused on dieting and exercise prior to having a baby and perhaps continued this on throughout pregnancy with professional guidance and advice”. She said: “It is quite normal for those who exercise regularly pre-pregnancy to continue this throughout pregnancy, which can of course aid in post-pregnancy weight loss. “That being said, exercise post-pregnancy would largely depend on the type of pregnancy that Princess Beatrice experienced. “While it is normal to begin exercising soon after giving birth, depending on the trauma to the body, it may differ from person to person. “I imagine that providing Princess Beatrice’s birth was healthy, then she would have certainly implemented some cardio and resistance training to aid her in losing weight,” Charlotte added.