Have you noticed a dank smell emerging from your washing machine? The most likely culprit is the washing machine seal which can conceal mould and dirt from you. Here’s three of the best methods to remove dirt from your washing machine seal - and how to prevent it from coming back.  Did you know the seal between the drum and door of your washing machine is the dirtiest part of the appliances? As this seal keeps the water in your washing machine, and prevents it from leaking out, it retains a lot of moisture. All this moisture makes it the perfect environment for mould and mildew to grow. However, when you’re retrieving your clothes from the washing machine, you don’t want to be greeted with a foul smell.  READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hacks: How to clean oven trays with baking soda To prevent this filth causing problems with your washing machine, you should clean beneath your washing machine seal regularly. Here are three different - but equally simple and effective - ways to clean your washing machine seal. You probably already have everything you need to clean your washing machine seal, including:  Add about 100g of baking soda directly to the drum of your washing machine and run it on empty for a 90 degrees cycle. After the cycle is finished, create a mixture of warm water and washing up liquid. Using your cloth, gently lift the seal and clean underneath with your cloth. DON'T MISS:Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step  [UPDATE]When to prune hydrangeas - Best time to cut back hydrangea [TIPS]How to clean inside the washing machine: Tips for drawer, drum & seal [INSIGHT]  Take a cotton bud and a cup of white vinegar. Open the washing machine door and use your cotton bud to clean around and underneath the seal. After cleaning the seal, run the washing machine on a hot, empty, cycle to remove the remaining vinegar from the drum. For stubborn stains and mould, you can use bleach to clean your washing machine seal. Mix one part bleach to four parts water and apply it around the seal with a cloth, a cotton bud, or even an old toothbrush for those hard-to-reach areas. Make sure you wear gloves when you do this. Once you’ve bleached the seal, leave it for 15 minutes before running an empty cycle on a hot setting.   Cleaning your washing machine regularly will stop the build-up of mould and bacteria. To stop mould and mildew returning to your washing machine, try: 