Greece has almost 15,000km of coastline. From family holidays to romantic breaks, British tourists can find everything they need in Greece. However, one third of Greece’s beautiful coastline is eroding according to research from Unforgettable Greece. Coastal erosion is a natural occurrence but scientists have said that climate change is accelerating the process. Global warming is expected to cause the erosion of 36,097km of sandy areas worldwide in 30 years time. Sadly, Greece is very exposed to coastal erosion and researchers fear it could lose almost a third of its coastline. READ MORE: Expat shares 'worst part' of living in Spain - 'without a doubt' The stunning and romantic island of Santorini is one of Greece’s most popular holiday destinations. Known for its beaches and whitewashed buildings, the island is a favourite with British tourists seeking a luxury break. However, the island is threatened by coastal erosion and the surrounding coast is expected to lose around 150m of coast. Beautiful Myrtos beach on the island of Kefalonia could completely disappear with 300m of coastline washed away. Crete’s Egyptian Lighthouse of Chania could also be sadly lost to erosion by the end of the century if temperatures continue rising. The buzzing island of Mykonos could lose its iconic Little Venice in an erosion of up to 195m of Greek coastline. The picturesque area is famous for its coloured houses, lively nightlife and stunning Aegean beaches. Naxos could stand to lose the iconic Port of Naxos in an estimated 182m of coastal erosion by 2100. British tourists may need to head to Greece quickly if they want to catch a glimpse of one of the iconic spots. Climate change could also impact other popular holiday destinations including Spain’s Balearic islands. The Canary islands are also at risk of the damaging impacts of climate change and rising sea levels. Unfortunately, air travel leads to around 2.4 percent of global emissions and is a huge contributor to climate change. Although the aviation industry has committed to decreasing its impact on the environment, research on sustainable fuels is still underway. Meanwhile British tourists could consider taking a coach or train to travel to Europe this summer. Tourists can also use comparison sites such as Skyscanner to find flights that release less carbon. It is also possible to carbon offset with some airlines although experts are divided on the impact it has. Some say it does little to counteract the negative environmental impact of flying.