Spain has relaxed its entry requirements for Britons hoping to get away for some half-term fun. However, many restrictions to prevent the spread of coronavirus are still in place in Spain. How safe is travel to Spain?  New travel guidance from Spain eased restrictions for teenagers as it dropped the requirement for 12 to 17-year-olds to be vaccinated for entry to the country. Previously, Spain’s entry requirements meant teenagers from non-EU countries had to be fully vaccinated. Now, children only need a negative PCR test taken within 72 hours of their arrival in Spain. For adults, you can only enter Spain for tourism reasons if you are fully vaccinated.  READ MORE: Cancer: The food shown to have a 'direct association' to cancer To qualify as fully vaccinated, you need to have had your second vaccine within 14 days of your arrival to Spain. If your second vaccine dose was more than 270 days ago, you will also need to have had a booster dose. Children under the age of 12 don’t need to be vaccinated for travel to Spain. According to Reuters, Spain reports an average of 30,592 new coronavirus infections each day.  This is just less than a quarter - 23 percent - of the average daily cases reported at the peak in January. Spain also has very high vaccination rates, with an estimated 97.1 percent of the population double-vaccinated. Wearing masks in all public places is no longer obligatory in Spain, but it is mandatory for everyone over the age of six on public transport and in some enclosed public spaces. DON'T MISS:Visceral fat: The food that could reduce the belly fat in ‘days’ [INSIGHT]Why Britons head to popular Benidorm resort - ‘home from home’ [UPDATE]'You don't need a million to retire': Retired expats travel in luxury [TIPS]  According to the Government’s advice: “Face masks are also mandatory at large, open air, standing events and seated events where social distancing of 1.5m cannot be observed.” The Government recommended carrying a face mask with you at all times. Social distancing - staying 1.5 metres away from others - is still in place.  Other Covid measures may be in place in shops, for example hand sanitiser or asking customers to wear masks, but this is up to the shopowners. Some venues may also require you to show proof of your vaccines before entry - such as bars, restaurants and nightclubs - but this requirement varies between different regions. Check the guidance for the area you’re staying in, as restrictions vary across Spain, and if you’re unsure check with your flight provider or accommodation. 