Two yellow weather warnings have been issued by the Met Office for Wednesday, one for snow and lightning and one for wind. Thursday sees the snow and lightning warning carry over, causing havoc in Northern Ireland Scotland. Scotland and Northern Ireland’s weather warning is in effect from 5pm on Wednesday to 8pm on Thursday. It warns residents that “frequent heavy snow showers are expected, along with very gusty winds and a chance of frequent lightning affecting some places”. In a full statement, the Met Office said: “Temperatures across Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to drop sharply following a squally band of rain on Wednesday, with frequent heavy and blustery snow showers arriving from the Atlantic. “Away from immediate west-facing coasts, 1 to 3 cm, and in places 3 to 7 cm of snow is likely to build up even at low levels, whereas on higher ground some places could see 10 to 20 cm building up by Thursday morning. “The showers will be accompanied by strong, blustery winds, with gusts of 45-55 mph possible, and a chance of 65 mph on coasts. Blizzard conditions are likely over higher ground. “There is a small chance that some of the showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning, which could impact power supplies, including some places outside of the warning area. “Snow showers are increasingly likely to turn back to rain and sleet at low levels later Thursday morning and early afternoon, although remaining as snow above 200-300 m.” Meanwhile, a yellow warning for wind stretches over the north east of England, and is in effect from 6am on Wednesday to 3pm. It said: “Winds over parts of SE Scotland and NE England will increase early Wednesday with gusts of 40 to 50mph expected widely, and very locally as high as 60 mph. “This is likely to lead to some travel disruption before winds ease from the north during the afternoon.” It comes fears of Storm Gladys have been raised by some forecasters after the UK suffered three storms in a week. However, speaking to Express.co.uk, a Met Office spokesperson has not yet confirmed the warnings are named a storm They said: “It’s remaining unsettled this week, although conditions are a bit calmer than during the stormy weather over recent days. “We are expecting wintry showers in Northern Ireland and north west Scotland today and tomorrow, with thunder and lightning possible as well. “We might also see wintry showers on high ground in the north of England and Wales. “Windy conditions will remain in the north of the UK for much of the next week, calmer further south, but there is no further named storm at this point. Mark Wilson, Met Office meteorologist, told The Sun it will "turn a lot drier and brighter" but it might only be a short-lived, calmer spell for some parts. Wilson said: "I think at the moment, we're past the worst, there will be more rain around but not in a similar note to what we've seen in recent days. "We will be keeping a close eye on it because some areas are quite sensitive to rain after recent flooding." It comes as the UK has suffered flooding after water levels along the River Severn rose to a point where police declared a major incident. As of 10:40am, there are two severe flood warnings along the River Severn at the Wharfage, Ironbridge and Wribbenhall, Bewdley. There are also 58 flood warnings and 50 flood alerts according to the Environment Agency. Mr Wilson said while there will not be a "huge amount" of rain on Wednesday, further rainfall in flood-affected areas could "cause recovery to slow down massively". The Met Office said that during Storms Dudley, Eunice and Franklin, some regions saw as much as five to six inches of rain had fallen in a "short period of time".