Members of the Belarusian Men’s Basketball Team were scheduled to arrive in Britain ahead of a game tomorrow night, on Sunday. But the Home Secretary announced they were “not welcome”, along with the sports teams of all other nations which have aided Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. “The UK will not welcome the national sports teams of those countries who are complicit in Putin’s unprovoked and illegal invasion of Ukraine.” Moscow announced an invasion of its neighbouring country on Thursday. Troops and tanks crossed into Ukraine from several points, including from Belarus’s southern border, according to reports. In a further showing of support for the Kremlin, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said his own troops could take part in the invasion of Ukraine “if necessary”. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office yesterday, on Friday, summoned Belarusian ambassador, Maxim Yermalovich, to protest this country’s assistance of Russia. Europe and North America Minister James Cleverly said: “The UK condemns the role Belarus is playing in the Russian invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Russia humiliated as army driven out of city He added: “We must be united against Russian aggression.” The cancelling of Belarusian visas comes as the bulk of Russian troops stand around 18.6 miles (30km) from the centre of Kyiv, according to the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD). DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] In an intelligence update released earlier today, the MoD praised the Ukrainian army for putting up a “staunch resistance” against Russia. It added that Russian casualties are likely to be be higher than anticipated. On top of this, it noted: “Russia has yet to gain control of the airspace over Ukraine greatly reducing the effectiveness of the Russian Air Force.” But the report should, perhaps, be taken with a pinch of salt, given other reports that around half of Russian units have yet to be deployed in Ukraine. Many measures have been taken to prevent Russia from taking Kyiv. These have included the removing of road signs to hinder lost Russian troops and the destruction of bridges leading into the capital.