Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta claims he now has two right-backs who can perform "at the highest level". Cedric Soares has started Arsenal's last two Premier League matches against Wolves and Brentford and arguably put in his strongest displays for the club. Takehiro Tomiyasu has been nursing a groin injury but returned to the substitutes bench for the visit of the Bees on Saturday. Tomiyasu has become a favourite with the Arsenal fans since his arrival from Bologna last summer. After months of interest from Tottenham, it was the Gunners who secured a deal on deadline day. The Japan star has started 16 Premier League matches since his arrival, nailing down his spot as first-choice on the right of defence. Calum Chambers and even Ben White have been used by Arteta at right-back when Tomiyasu has been unavailable. TOP STORY: Ralf Rangnick has already suggested exciting Paul Pogba replacement to Man Utd board  But Chambers left in January and White has become an important player in the middle of the defence. Cedric has been given his opportunity and has grabbed it with both hands. Arteta now has a dilemma on his hands over who to pick for the visit of Wolves in Thursday's huge clash at the Emirates. Speaking at his press conference on Wednesday, Arteta says he now has two top players for the right-back position, hinting that wasn't the case previously. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Fred told to 'shut up' after midfielder questions 'bad' planning from club [QUOTES]Gary Lineker's transfer message to Leicester over Lille star hijacked by Alan Shearer [SOCIAL]Chelsea duo 'very close' to Barcelona moves as part of Erling Haaland plan [GOSSIP]  "It’s exactly what I want," Arteta said. "That we have players that can play in the same role with different qualities that give us different options and you have the reassurance that they both can perform at the highest level and that's the case now." Only Ederson and Alisson have kept more clean sheets than Arsenal's Aaron Ramsdale in the Premier League this season. Arteta is impressed with how his defence has performed but insists it starts further up the pitch.  "Yes I am very impressed because it's not easy to do it in this league," the Spaniard added. "But it goes down to first of all the engagement of the players, the understanding of how important that is, the implication. "And then individually and collectively how good they are to execute it. "It starts with the front players, the way they go about the press and how intense they are and how much they are willing to support the team in that sense.  "And then yeah it's a collective thing. The understanding, the distances, the compactness, how you win the duels, how you force the opponent to play in certain ways that is better for our defensive structure. "It's going to be really, really important for the future if we want to maintain the rhythm and winning football matches."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here