The Platinum Jubilee will celebrate the impressive seven decades the Queen has been on the throne. To mark the occasion, The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Roman Kemp presented a special episode of the BBC programme, sharing a variety of royal delicacies, including a special dessert fit for a Queen. On the show, which aired tonight at 7pm, personal chef to the Queen and head chef of the Royal Household, Mark Flanagan, shared a simple recipe for royal rhubarb tarts. Alex Jones called the sweet treats “fancy baked custards”, while Mark recommended using “forced rhubarb” as the tarts’ fillings. Forced rhubarb is grown in sheds in the darkness, compared to the other type of rhubarb which is grown outside. After baking the tarts with Mark, Alex described the desserts as “off the charts”. The recipe for the royal dessert is listed below. READ MORE: Aldi has 30% off Specialbuys - here are our top picks from the sale Ingredients For the sweet pastry: 300g plain flour 90g icing sugar 210g unsalted butter, chilled and cut into cubes 30ml chilled water One free-range medium egg yolk For the crème brûlée: Four free-range egg yolks One free-range egg 110g unrefined caster sugar 500ml double cream One vanilla pod, split For the rhubarb: Three sticks Yorkshire forced pink rhubarb 100g unrefined caster sugar 200g demerara sugar 150g white chocolate  Method To make the sweet pastry: First, place the flour, icing sugar and butter into a mixing bowl and begin to gently rub the butter into the other dry ingredients. In a separate bowl, mix the egg yolk and chilled water together. Once the butter has all been incorporated this liquid can be carefully added and mixed in, until the ingredients come together in a neat ball. Wrap the pastry in cling film and allow to relax in the fridge for at least an hour. To make the crème brûlée: Preheat the oven to 120°C. Boil the cream with the split vanilla pod in a saucepan. Meanwhile, whisk the whole egg, egg yolks and sugar in a separate mixing bowl, and whilst whisking pour the boiled cream on to the eggs and sugar. Pass through a sieve into a measuring jug and then pour into a shallow dish sat in a bain marie. Next, place the bain marie in the preheated oven and cook slowly until the brûlée appears firm when gently shaken in the dish. This could take around 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool before storing in the fridge until required. For the pastry tartlets: Preheat the oven to 170°C. Once it has been rested, roll the pastry out on a lightly floured work service to a thickness of 2mm. Place on a tray and return to the fridge to rest again. Cut out discs of the pastry and carefully line the metal tartlet shells as evenly as possible, and allow to rest once more in the fridge before trimming the edges to make them neat. Place on the middle shelf of the preheated oven and blind bake for approximately 10 minutes, or until crisp and golden. Once baked remove from the oven and allow to cool on a wire rack. For the poached Yorkshire rhubarb: Gently wash the rhubarb in chilled water to remove any soil. Cut their tops and tails before cutting them into 4cm batons. Place these in a shallow saucepan and lightly poach them with a splash of water and some sugar. Remove from the heat when tender and completely cover with cling film – the residual heat will ensure the rhubarb is cooked through yet not overcooked. To assemble: Melt the white chocolate in a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Next, carefully take a tartlet shell, brush the inside with the melted chocolate, and allow to set. Once the chocolate has firmed, spoon a few of the rhubarb batons onto the bottom of the tartlet shell. Remove the cooked crème brûlée from the fridge and carefully spoon the mix on top of the rhubarb, filling the tartlet all the way to the top. Take the edge of your palette knife and level the brûlée off with the top of the tartlet. Completely cover with an even layer of sugar and glaze this with a blow torch, or under the grill.