British scientists had funding revoke by the bloc due to delays caused by failed talks over the Northern Ireland Protocol. The row has prompted fears young researchers could leave the country to settle for work elsewhere. Professor Chris Drakeley, at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, last week told the Guardian his team was “delighted” to receive a letter confirming a £6.7million EU grant for a malaria project. But just a couple of days later, “we got a new letter saying the UK was now ineligible to take part”. Express.co.uk readers have criticised Brussels for messing Britain about and acting like a “bully”. Morsecode asked: “Why are we helping out the EU if they treat us like dirt.” ATHEDLEY added: “Poor old [EU Commission President] Ursula von der Leyen – and the even more stupid EU. “These are so intent on punishing Britain that every decision that they take to try to achieve that backfires in their face.” JBG wrote: “You do not appease a bully, because appeasing a bully only makes them worse. Standing up to a bully always reveals that they are weak. “A strong entity does not need to cause damage to another, it will always act with grace and civility. The EU has acted with spite and vengeance. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Bitter EU threatens to AXE deal “The UK should never have appeased the EU wish to split up the UK via the Protocol and Irish Sea border. It is time for the UK Government to remove the Irish Sea border permanently and without ‘negotiation’, World Trade Organisation or not. “Whether they will do that depends upon whether the UK Parliament has any strength, morality or sense in it at all, which so far it has not.” Coriminus12 was more positive, noting: “Good science is created under pressure. “The UK will do fine, as always.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] For Citizenz1234, the funding row highlighted the need to properly split from Brussels and for the British Government to fund scientific research itself. They said: “I think we need to fund our own research. “We cannot give money to the EU and keep having them be difficult about giving us reasonable access to the pool of money without a constant hassle.” They added: “We can choose better which research will benefit the UK.” Either way, Cranza1 insisted the EU will, at some stage, receive its comeuppance. They said: “The EU are a disgrace using anything to cause problems to the UK. “They will regret all these nasty little things they do!”