From facing a pandemic, energy and fuel crises, to governmental coronavirus regulation breaches shocking the nation, it’s unsurprising UK poll results on favoured parliamentary leaders could have fluctuated over the past few years. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been leading the country since 2019 and his leadership has been under scrutiny throughout. Tensions have recently risen following the emergence of the Government’s breach of coronavirus regulations. It was reported members of Government, including Mr Johnson, hosted and attended a number of parties while the UK was supposed to be in lockdown to prevent the spread of coronavirus. Sir Keir Starmer took over as leader of the Labour Party in 2020, and had been working constructively with the Government until the recent Conservative Party scandals, of which he called for Mr Johnson to resign from his post. Express.co.uk has taken a look at the most recent UK polls to find out who would win if there was an election today. READ MORE: Sunak plots slashing of EU Red tape in £95BN Brexit breakaway coup  As of February 2022, poll results published by Statista displays a clear disparity between favoured leaders of the UK. Sir Keir Starmer is currently leading with 35 percent of respondents voting for him as their favoured prime minister, compared to 25 percent who voted for Mr Johnson. Statista polled 1,661 respondents between February 1 and 2. Sir Keir's popularity has remained fairly stable since his election as Labour Party leader, although he experienced a slight drop during the COVID-19 vaccine roll-out last year. He has since made a comeback following numerous Conservative Party scandals that have emerged over recent months. However, Sir Keir's voter popularity is noted to have dropped by three percent since its peak in September 2020. Mr Johnson’s popularity has experienced more volatility over the years, as the Government’s handling of the COVID-19 pandemic drew widespread criticism, as well as the Downing Street parties that have damaged the public’s trust in the Government. DON'T MISS: 'Mad man' Putin could seek to smash up NATO and EU [ANALYSIS]Ukraine: Biden unleashes full power of US Army [EXPLAINED]Huge £40million palace in Sussex left 'abandoned': 'Ghost House' [INSIGHT]    Starting with 46 percent of Statista poll respondents voting Mr Johnson as their favoured prime minister in April 2020, his popularity has only decreased, with slight spikes during times of vaccination rollout success. Mr Johnson’s popularity has now nearly halved since the start of the pandemic. So, according to this poll as it stands, the UK would be voting in a Labour government if the election were to take place today. Mr Johnson is facing Sir Keir Starmer at Prime Minister’s Questions today.