With literally hundreds of concealers to choose from, all with different prices and all claiming to be the best - how do you know which ones are worth investing in and which ones will just sit at the back of your draw unused? One way to wade through all the marketing and spin used by brands to try and entice you is by taking a look at the reviews. Reviewers tend to be far more honest about their experience with a product, which is how this £6 concealer from NYX caught our attention. Buy: Boots (£6) READ MORE: Aldi's 'sturdy' wrought iron welly boot stand 'saves getting the floor muddy' - £29.99 READ MORE: The Olay firming serum fans swear 'keeps wrinkles at bay' is on sale for £13.50 - save 55%  NYX Professional Makeup HD Photogenic Concealer Wand is just £6, but shoppers are calling it “amazing” and “the best concealer I have ever used”. The lightweight concealer helps to obscure imperfections, discolouration, and under-eye circles without looking cakey. Gliding on smoothly, the concealer has an emollient-rich formula that creates a medium to heavy coverage. One very happy customer said the concealer is: "Light, yet covers everything it needs to cover and just melts into my skin, blending perfectly. Buy: Boots (£6) “There are no dry patches like I have seen with other brands. “I would go as far as saying the HD concealer is one of the best, if not THE best concealer and would absolutely recommend this to anyone that's asking”. A long time fan of the product said they’ve: “Been using this concealer for the past two years and I wouldn't switch to another. “It’s long-lasting and works well with a range of foundations”. Despite being just £6, many of the reviewers say this concealer is a great alternative to some more expensive ones, such as Tarte Shape Tape and Trish McEvoy’s Instant Eye Lift. The concealer comes in 23 shades, so there’s a fairly good chance you’ll easily be able to find your perfect colour match. You can buy the NYX Professional Makeup HD Photogenic Concealer Wand for £6 here.