Longer days and brighter gardens are hinting at the early signs of spring, but with the beaming rays of Sun, comes the scary reminder of thick dust lurking around your home. A deep clean is guaranteed to make your property a more welcoming, cosy space - and it takes no time at all. In six quick steps you can achieve the spring clean of dreams - but where should you begin? While working room by room is usually the go-to, doing it task by task could help you speed up the process in no time at all. Not only will you save time on switching between dusters and vacuums, but your home will be cleaner for it too. If you only have time to tackle one room, always start in the bedroom to reap the benefits of a dust-free home from day to night. Always start by removing unwanted items and rubbish first, before disinfecting and polishing surfaces towards the end of your spring clean. Go through wardrobes to get rid of old clothes and other unwanted items you might have accumulated over time. Look into your electronics, chargers and ornaments to see what you do and don’t use and what you really have room for. Use the rule of three to form a keep, sell and donate pile to avoid wasting good-quality items. Doing this first will give you an indication of how much you need to make room for before re-organising your bedroom and wider home. Sorting through unwanted items can kick up quite a bit of dust around your home, so always go in with a dusting cloth once you’ve sifted through your storage space. Always use a damp cloth to gather dust rather than disperse particles into the air. Start from the top and work your way down so that any falling dust can be cleaned as you move items around. Swap commercial cleaners for: DON'T MISSAre garden fences covered by insurance? Why you should read fine print [REVEAL]Gardening jobs to do this weekend: Thee 10 plants to prune right now [INSIGHT]Storm Franklin triggers over 180 flood warnings - are you at risk? [LATEST] Dust behind hard to reach places which are often neglected in your daily cleaning routine, including skirting boards and the inside of windows. Clean out drawers storage spaces before replacing your items and be sure to spritz with a diluted essential oil spray for a fragrant boost. Polish windows The window area is often missed or avoided, but it’s still important to clean it. Use white vinegar and water to buff onto window pains and mix a citrus juice solution with water to wipe down frames and handles. Polish blinds with a damp cloth and consider washing your curtains to refresh the fabric ahead of the new season. Carpets are renowned for harbouring hidden bacteria and dust mites, which can be particularly aggravating for eczema, asthma and allergy sufferers. Vacuum large spaces thoroughly and use smaller attachments to reach corners and smaller spaces for a thorough clean. Spritz your rug with diluted lemon juice and essential oil spray to freshen the fibres. Use a scented mopping solution on hard flooring and leave it to dry thoroughly by opening windows and doors to flush out airborne toxins. Bedding should be changed or washed once a week, yet many of us neglect this crucial laundry task. Go a step further with your bed-cleansing routine and wash bedding while you clean your mattress. Start by vacuuming the mattress before sprinkling baking soda over the surface of the fabric. Leave for a few hours and vacuum once more to remove the residue. Air pillows, duvets, throws and clean bedding outside on a clear day and mist with a lavender spray for a soothing scent. While natural cleaning products are much better for the air around your home, toxins and dust can still linger in each room. Investing in an air purifier is a great way to keep spring allergies at bay while you sleep and will even boost the quality of the air you breathe. 