Anyone who is trying to get a Chromecast or a Roku TV Stick right now will notice that discounts on these popular Fire TV Stick rivals are few and far between right now. Both of these devices are selling at its RRP right now, with the Chromecast available for £30 and the Roku TV Stick retailing for £29.99 - with no money saving offers available at the time of writing. However, if you head to money saving website TopCashback and sign-up as a new member today you'll get a £10 cashback reward which brings the price of these Google and Roku devices to under £20. If you're always on the lookout for a bargain, TopCashback is a website you really need to add to your regular browsing spots. TopCashback earns commission for directing users to thousands of retailers stores that it partners with. And, as the name suggests, this commission is passed onto users who earn cashback on orders. Depending on which store you visit, you'll either be able to earn cashback on select products or virtually everything that's available for sale. If this sounds like something you're interested in, the good news is until the end of this month TopCashback is giving away a £10 cashback bonus to new members. This can be used in conjunction with products priced above £10 where cashback rates are offered. One retailer where you will be able to use this £10 signing-on bonus is Argos, who stock the Google Chromecast and Roku TV Stick. To get these devices for under £20, first of all you will need to head to this page on the TopCashback website.  After signing up as a new member you will have to head to the Argos hub page on the TopCashback website. Then, click the 'Get Cashback' button at the top of this page to be directed to the Argos website. Once on the Argos store you will have to find to find the Roku TV Stick or Google Chromecast by searching for these products. After placing your order with Argos you'll then need to head to the account section on the TopCashback website. There you will see your account has been topped up with the £10 cashback you've earned. You will then be able to withdraw this money either via a BACS transfer, by moving it to your PayPal account or by topping up a gift card. 