Benfica striker Roman Yaremchuk dedicated his second-half Champions League equaliser against Ajax to the people of Ukrainian after Russian president Vladimir Putin declared war on their neighbouring country. The frightening developments in Eastern Europe - described as a full-scale invasion by Ukraine - have gripped not only the country but the rest of the world as tensions continue to escalate. Understandably, a whole host of Ukraine's international footballers and other sport stars have taken a stand against Putin's aggression, showing solidarity with those back home. In Wednesday night's Champions League last 16 clash in Lisbon, one of the stars of the Ukraine national side was keen to show his support for his country. After a rollercoaster game in which Ajax had led twice, the 26-year-old frontman was able to head Benfica level at 2-2. Yaremchuk then removed his shirt to showcase a trident symbol - the Ukrainian Association of Football's logo - on a black under top.  The referee was still forced to book the centre-forward for his celebration, despite his show of unity. It's understood the emblem has been a national symbol in Ukraine for well over a century. Taking to Instagram after the game, Yaremchuk was keen to further his support for his country. "I am Ukrainian and I am proud of that. Being thousands of kilometers away from my native country, I want to support everyone who is now in tension in their native land, now is the time to unite," he said. "This is our country, our history, our culture, our people and our borders. "I would like to thank our defenders for their courage. Glory to Ukraine." Yaremchuk, capped 26 times by his country, started his career at Dynamo Kyiv before moving to Belgian side Gent in 2017. His fine goalscoring record in the Belgian Pro League saw him earn a £14million move to Benfica last summer. Manchester City full-back Oleksandr Zinchenko has since endorsed his International team-mate's celebration on social media, sharing it onto his story. Pep Guardiola's versatile Ukrainian Premier League winner recently posted on Instagram: "The whole civilized world is worried about the situation in my country. I can't stay away and try to convey my opinion. "In the photo - my country. The country where I was born and raised. A country whose colours I defend in the international sports arena. "A country that we try to glorify and develop. A country whose borders must remain inviolable. "My country belongs to Ukrainians and no one will ever be able to appropriate it. We will not give up! Glory to Ukraine."