Official figures this week showed unemployment continuing to fall, and there are a record number of job vacancies. Yet a dark shadow is spreading rapidly across this cheerful picture, threatening to undermine our prosperity and even basic living standards. It comes in the form of rampant inflation, a problem that was meant to have been resolved decades ago but is now back with a vengeance. The Office for National Statistics yesterday revealed that, in the year to January, prices went up by 5.5 per cent, the steepest rise for 30 years. But even that may be a severe underestimate of the real burden consumers now face. Using the Retail Price Index (RPI), costs soared by 8 per cent, with many essential items seeing far bigger hikes. The price of pasta was up 16 per cent, gas by 28 per cent and margarine by 37 per cent. There is little sign of imminent relief either, as the cost of living is expected to accelerate due to a further surge in energy bills once the cap is lifted and the 1.25 per cent increase in national insurance. It would be a disaster if rapid inflation became a permanent feature of our economic landscape. As Margaret Thatcher, who fought so hard to bring prices under control in the 1980s, said, “inflation is the parent of unemployment and the unseen robber of those who have saved.” She was right. Contempt for the value of money was a central ingredient of our national decline in the 1970s, when the RPI reached more than 25 per cent and Britain became known as “the sick man of Europe”. Inflation is a wrecking ball that drives down real wages, erodes pensions, obliterates savings, debases the currency, and widens inequalities. Superficially, the only winners from spiralling inflation are the wealthy with large assets, particularly in shares and property. But even they have to inhabit a society gripped by crisis, joblessness and poverty. Optimists claim such a bleak prognosis for modern Britain is fanciful, since the current bout of inflation is only transitory. Prices will start to fall again next year, we are reassured, once the energy markets stabilise and global supply bottlenecks have been overcome. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Indeed its transient, passing nature is a favourite theme of Andrew Bailey, the Governor of the Bank of England, as typified by a speech he made last summer when he declared, “it is important not to over-react to temporarily strong growth and inflation”. But such a stance looks dangerously passive and complacent. There is nothing inevitable about a reversal of the present disturbing trend towards higher prices. On the contrary, it will take courageous action through a return to fiscal discipline and an end to monetary looseness. In recent years the thrust of government and the Bank has been in the opposite direction, with lavish increases in public spending matched by endless print runs of sterling. In this climate of extravagance, government debt has ballooned beyond £2.5trillion, and its annual expenditure has rocketed to 45.1 per cent of national income, the equivalent of £37,000 per household. The Bank has helped sustain this institutional profligacy by keeping interest rates at a record low, which slashes the costs of servicing vast debt, and by buying Government bonds with piles of virtual cash through a £895billion programme of Quantitative Easing. Like similar institutions across the Western world, the Bank seemed to think it had planted its own magic money tree, providing a continual source of revenue for the state without having to create actual wealth. But, as inflation rips, this approach increasingly looks like an irresponsible delusion. If conjuring cash out of thin air were the solution to economic problems, Zimbabwe and Venezuela would be among the world’s richest nations, not economic basket cases. Britain must avoid going down the same road. Some theorists claim a dose of inflation can be beneficial as it reduces the value of debts, but that is wishful thinking. Not only are inflationary pressures hard to control once they gain momentum, but they undermine trust in the entire financial order. The great Liberal economist JM Keynes warned that hyper-inflation means “the process of wealth-getting degenerates into a gamble and a lottery”. Yesterday’s disturbing figures should serve as a clarion call for a return to sound money.