Sheridan was back alongside Adam Lambert, Jason Manford, Beverly Knight, and Olly Murs for another episode of Starstruck packed full of talent. As the evening went along, the panellists watched three members of the public become singer Celine Dion for one night only as they performed her chart-topping track, My Heart Will Go On. This was from the motion picture film Titanic, and Sheridan told one singer she had to "hold back the tears" as she said her rendition of the song was a perfect tribute to her father, Colin. After the girls had finished singing and faced the judges for their comments, Sheridan fought back tears, and she spoke about her late father. Sheridan beamed at the girls and said: "Oh girls, girls, I love you! My goodness, she is such a diva singer, and I was so spellbound by you girls. "Esther and Frankie, you smashed it out of the park, I loved all the moves because she is so dramatic, Celine is so dramatic, and I love that, she is theatrical, and you nailed that! "Kayleigh, ok, now do not cry when I tell you this, ok I lost my dad, and I stopped acting because of it. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? "You keep doing what you love because your dad would be so proud of you, ok? And you just made him so proud tonight!" Viewers of the show also struggled to hold back their tears as they took to Twitter to praise Sheridan for being so open and vulnerable and open about her loss. @MissAJonesDrama said: "So proud of my lovely, talented friend tonight. You’ve come a long way since the picture on the right, as Sheridan said, your Dad will always be with you and so proud, as am I #Starstruck." Michelle Pryde commented: "Sheridan talking about her dad, so glad she decided not to give up acting. I love her so much @Sheridansmith1 #Starstruck." @CharlieJMUA added: "Sheridan making me cry oh my god #Starstruck." Toni-Anne wrote: "Sheridan, you are a dream, your dad would be so proud of you and how far you have come in your career! Stunning woman!" (sic) The 80-year-old died in December 2016 after being diagnosed with cancer, and the actress has spoken a few times about the impact her father's death had on her career. During the time of her father's death, Sheridan's spokeswoman said on her behalf: "Sheridan’s much-loved father sadly passed away this week. DON'T MISS...Starstruck’s Olly Murs baffled as Jason Manford teases host [LATEST]Adam Lambert health: Starstruck judge's open letter to his fans [INSIGHT]Sheridan Smith health: The star's struggle with a condition [NEWS] "We can confirm that she will not be performing at the Royal Variety Performance this Tuesday 6th December. "At this difficult time for Sheridan and her family, we would ask that you please respect their privacy." Sheridan originally pulled out of a performance of Funny Girl at London’s Menier Chocolate Factory Theatre when she learnt of his illness. Sheridan also cancelled her Royal Variety performance immediately after his death. At the time of her absence from her shows, she was slammed by someone who hit out at her on Twitter. However, she replied to their remark: "If you just found out your dad had cancer, you wouldn't be such a heartless human. Take care love." Sheridan also lost her brother Julian at the age of 18 after he too died battling cancer when she was just eight. At the time, she said: "Of course, I’ve been affected by my brother’s death… It makes me value life, cherish my loved ones and be grateful for every day I have with them. “Cancer affects one in three of us, and every single one of us either knows someone who has been affected by it or has experienced it first-hand. And yet it’s treated as a taboo subject." Starstruck airs Saturday at 8:30pm on ITV.