The BBC preferring accuracy to melodrama? There is hope for us all yet! MPs are waking up too. Iain Duncan Smith has called for the death stats to be broken down into those who died from Covid as opposed to with it, a long-overdue measure. The simple truth is that we have no real notion of how many people have died as a direct result of Covid but government appears unaccountably keen to let the figures appear as bad as possible. Why? What is the merit in instilling panic? Unless, of course, it was to cow us into submitting to ministers’ increasingly oppressive regulations while they confidently partied on regardless. I am not saying that the final toll will not be serious, but I think it will be a lot less than the carelessly exaggerated figures currently presented to us. Indeed, the Office of National Statistics’ figures has differed from the Government’s throughout because it looks at the cause of death rather than the date of the test. International comparisons are often bandied about but unless each nation is collecting statistics using exactly the same data, they become meaningless, so it is time to stop the political nonsense of arguing that our death rate is either better or worse than other countries. I have no doubt that as the pandemic dies down, statisticians will tackle all these inconsistencies and many theses will be produced. Until then let us use common sense and be glad of some very belated caution from the BBC. ----------------- SUE Gray’s report has been published in part and has told us nothing that we do not already know but we are now obliged to watch the Partygate row being dragged out over weeks and months while the Met holds its own investigation, with no result other than a fixed fine and the sort of paralysis which occurs when government cannot move on. Britain is looking more idiotic by the day when we need to be looking confident and determined in the face of both Putin and the bullying EU, which must be laughing its socks off. We have one of the most free countries and fastest growing economies in the world, thanks mainly to Boris, but instead of taking advantage of that happy position we have a PM perpetually apologising and large sections of the press and media fixated on the possibility of his fall. Is it not time we all grew up? ----------------- THE single biggest difference between today’s NHS and the one I knew in my youth is the decline in GP services. Once you could simply turn up at a doctor’s surgery without an appointment and you could call the GP at any time of the day or night and secure a home visit. It was a very different world from today when you can be offered an appointment two weeks hence. There are many reasons for this situation: the fact that most GPs are now part-time, which in turn is due to many of them being women trying to combine home and work; the greater density of the population; the huge increase in administration etc. Whatever the reason, it needs addressing but all we hear is silence. ------------------ THE divisions within the EU overreaction to the Russian threat to Ukraine demonstrates only too clearly why Britain should continue to rely on Nato and forget the European Defence Union. It is unrealistic to expect Germany, with its heavy dependence on Russian gas, to be as unambiguously opposed to Putin as the former Warsaw Pact countries, which know exactly what Russian domination is like. It has taken Nato countries to stand four-square behind Ukraine, despite the intervention from that doddery old chap in the White House babbling about “small incursions”. Meanwhile, Putin’s apologists wail that Nato has violated some undertaking not to expand to Russia’s borders. Indeed? May we have chapter and verse, please? ----------------- Davina McCall is right when she says that forgiveness is not on the agenda any more. The cancel culture penalises people for views they expressed as teenagers, victims make increasingly strident demands for the harshest possible sentences and grievance replaces understanding. It is the inevitable result of abandoning Christianity. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- Old sayings, which once formed part of our everyday language, such as “cast not your pearls before swine” or “he knows his onions” (68 percent have never heard that one!) are becoming incomprehensible to vast swathes of the population. Oh, dear, when I read the list of the top 10 such apparently archaic gems, I find that I regularly use nine of them (the exception is a vulgar reference to a witch). Forsooth, methinks I must be a square. ---------------- Why is it that primary school children know about such abstruse concepts as prepositional clauses but by the time they leave secondary school can hardly string a sentence together? An English teacher tells me that in secondary schools the only subject in which English matters is English and errors of grammar are not marked down in other subjects. Perhaps examiners should make up this deficiency.