A new study from William Russell looked at the safest countries in the world for British expats in 2022. The team studied healthcare, personal safety, infrastructure, digital security and environmental security. The safest country in the world for 2022 is Denmark. William Russell said: “This Scandinavian country tops our list as the safest country in the world. “It has a low crime rate and there’s almost no risk of natural disaster. People enjoy good access to high quality healthcare in Denmark, with the country spending over the EU average on healthcare, 10.1 percent of GDP. “It also aims to recycle 70 percent of all its waste by 2024.” Many British expats chose to live in the Danish capital, Copenhagen. The cosmopolitan city has a wide range of bars and restaurants. READ MORE: Won’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions   The second safest country in the world was also located in northern Europe. Iceland took the second spot. William Russell said: “Iceland has a very low level of crime, especially violent crime, making it one of the safest countries in the world. “Air pollution in Iceland is much lower than the OECD average and nearly all homes have energy from renewable sources.” Violent crime rates are very low in Iceland and British expats can also enjoy one of the country’s natural hot springs. Canada was the third safest country in the world for British expats. William Russell said: “Canada is well-known for its outdoor lifestyle and green spaces. “It ranks above average for environmental quality and life expectancy for Canadians is above the OECD average.” Many British expats choose to live in one of Canada’s cities such as Vancouver, Ottawa or Toronto. The country has a relatively low crime rate but expats will have to cope with cold temperatures in winter. The fourth safest country for British expats was Japan. The capital city, Tokyo, was ranked as the fifth safest city in the Economist Index. Japan has the longest life expectancy in the whole OECD region and expats can expect to have good healthcare. The crime rate in Japan is extremely low while the country is also taking steps to become carbon neutral by 2050. Singapore took the fifth safest spot and its healthcare ranks as some of the best in the world.  The country has an extremely low violent crime rate and residents enjoy long life expectancy. Inez Cooper, founder of William Russell, said: “When picking a new country to relocate or travel to there are many important factors to consider, an important one being safety. “Always make sure to get a good understanding of your destination before you go, including any risks or cultural sensitivities to watch out for. “Keep your accommodation secure, make sure all windows and doors are locked while you are out and don’t keep all your money and valuables on your person as pickpocketing is unfortunately very common in tourist destinations.” 