Amid the assault on Ukraine, Mr Putin has now ordered his military to put Russia’s nuclear deterrence forces on high alert. The threat sent chills down the spines of NATO members, including Turkey, which has responded by blocking off routes for Russia’s navy. This involves closing off the Bosphorus and Dardanelles straits, preventing Russian vessels moving between the Mediterranean and the Black Sea. But it comes after Mr Erdogan built up strong economic ties with Russia. The Turkish economy benefits from Russia in a number of ways, with energy links and military ties appearing to be at the forefront of the relationship. Turkey has been building a Russian-backed nuclear power plant in Akkuyu since 2018. The project, tipped for completion in 2023, is expected to produce 35 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity annually. Mr Erdogan has hailed the project as a “symbol of Turkish-Russian cooperation”. And 45 percent of Turkey's gas purchases last year came from Russian imports. A large part of Turkey’s crude oil imports also come from Russia, with annual amounts varying between 10 percent and a third. Other ties include military links, with Turkey having purchased Russian S-400 missile defence batteries in 2019. It hinted it could buy more in the future. But now Russia has caused havoc in Ukraine, Mr Erdogan may not be so positive about his ties with Moscow. Seref Isler, from CNBC Asia, wrote on Twitter: “Turkey gets 33.6 percent of its natural gas from Russia. READ MORE: Brexit Britain bumper lithium stocks key to clean unlimited energy  “Turkey imports wheat from Russia, relies on tourism from there. Russia in turn imports goods from Turkey. “But Turkey is a NATO member and has links with Ukraine too. Turkey finds itself in a tough spot today.” Mr Erdogan has said Turkey supports Ukraine's right to its territories and has become "sincerely saddened" by Russia's invasion. Under the international 1936 pact which gives Ankara control over the Bosphorus and Dardanelles, Turkey looks set to limit Russian power. Kyiv had earlier appealed to Ankara to block more Russian ships from entering the Black Sea. DON'T MISS Archaeologists puzzled how Cerne Abbas Giant ‘clue’ was missed [REVEAL] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [REPORT] Yellowstone supervolcano: ‘First sign' of imminent eruption laid bare [INSIGHT] Six Russian warships and a submarine transited through Turkey's straits this month alone. And Turkey seems willing to show its support for Kyiv in favour of its Russian partners. Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told CNN: “It is not a couple of air strikes now, the situation in Ukraine is officially a war... We will implement the Montreux Convention.” Michael Scott Doran, a US political analyst, wrote on Twitter: “Turkey has done more for Ukraine than almost any country. "And at great risk to itself. Turkey imports gas from Russia, and the two economies are interlinked in myriad other ways. “At a moment of economic weakness, Erdogan sent TB2s. The anti-Turkey lobby endangers Western security.” While Russia and Turkey’s close military ties had been a focal point of the partnership, Ankara seems to be showing more support for Ukraine’s army. In December, Erdogan struck a deal to deepen defence co-operation with Ukraine by supplying Ukraine with lethal drones, with Kyiv purchasing at least 20 unmanned aerial vehicles from Turkey How Mr Putin responds to Turkey’s latest decision to back the Ukraine military remains to be seen. But it appears as though Ankara’s ties with Moscow are on the rocks as it shows increasing support for Kyiv.