To qualify for this extra support, people will have to meet a certain criteria. If someone is of the state pension age and has either a serious physical or mental disability, they may be eligible for Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is a specific benefit payment designed to assist with the extra costs someone has from having a severe disability. Successful claimants are paid at two different rates. The different rates are awarded to pensioners depending on the severity of their condition. Someone could get either £89.60 or £60 a week. This financial boost can assist people with personal support if they have either a physical or mental disability and are of the state pension age - which is currently 66. If a state pensioner was to receive the highest possible amount, the DWP would award them £358 a month. READ MORE: Single dad in tears after boss gives him £19k towards daycare and pays for school fees It can go towards any costs the claimant needs to pay for other utilities resulting from their disability. If someone’s disability or circumstances drastically change while receiving payments, they must report any updates to the DWP. An example of a change to someone’s circumstances is that the level of help they need in the way of personal care changes which could affect their claim. If they have moved into a hospital or care home, or have left the UK for more than four weeks, claimants must report this to the DWP. Britons can apply for Attendance Allowance by completing the form on the Gov.uk website. After an application has been completed, people are encouraged to send it to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. Postcodes or stamps are not needed. Attendance Allowance can be backdated to the date of someone’s claim. This is usually the date their form is received or the date they call the enquiry line. Claimants may need to attend an assessment to check their eligibility if it’s unclear how their illness or disability affects them. Additionally, Attendance Allowance is not means-tested unlike other benefit payments which are administered by the DWP. This means that what someone earns or how much they have in savings will not impact what they will ultimately get. Those who get Attendance Allowance may be able to get an extra Pension Credit or Housing Benefit top-up. State pensioners who may be eligible for Attendance Allowance are urged to apply as soon as possible as it could prove to be a vital lifeline with the cost of living increasing.