 Emmerdale fans have long been hoping to see Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) face justice ever since she killed teenager Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) in July 2021. Meena went on to murder Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) and Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon) without arousing suspicion. However, the truth has now come out and she’s been captured. But, will she remain in prison or could Meena escape?    Meena has finally been captured, but she's trying her best to secure a shorter sentence by denying responsibility for the murders of Andrea and Leanna. However, Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) may have found the evidence needed to prove her crimes. He recently discovered Meena’s box of trophies buried in the allotment. After uncovering the box, he swiftly warned his wife Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) not to touch anything in case the evidence ended up getting contaminated. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist?  However, some viewers suspect the discovery could lead Liam to make a drastic decision. One fan took to Reddit to share their theory that Liam could take matters into his own hands while the police struggle to find evidence. They predicted Liam could help Meena escape prison in the hopes she will incriminate herself by returning to the allotment to retrieve the box. Reddit user Bogwoppit wrote: “After the ominous end speech by Liam at the end of Fridays episode, I can only come to conclusion: Liam and the Detective Sergeant will come together to let her escape and let her lead them to the trophy box or it turns into a murder on the Orient Express style conclusion.”   However, Pm713 argued: “His murder mystery skills seem pretty bad. I’d just put him in jail and leave it at that.” Many Emmerdale fans seem to believe Meena won’t be imprisoned for long. Sharing their thoughts on Twitter, several have suggested Meena will escape prison. "Meena will go to prison and I would bet she will escape for #Emmerdale 50th anniversary,” @homebrew19721 wrote. DON'T MISS...The Chase's Bradley Walsh scolds Jenny Ryan 'Get a life!’ [WATCH]Joe Swash scolded by Channel 5 co-star over kayaking accident [MUST SEE]This is Going to Hurt star shares why Ben Whishaw apologised to her [INSIGHT]  “Meena is deffo gonna escape isn’t she #Emmerdale,” @emilyjademc commented. (sic) “She will probably escape knowing #emmerdale,” @stevebethere added. Would Liam really be willing to take matters into his own hands and attempt to lure Meena to the incriminating evidence? Fans of the ITV soap have already begun to grow concerned for Liam’s mental health as he’s struggled with grief after his daughter, Leanna, was killed by Meena.    On Monday night’s episode, Liam confessed to Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) that he'd attacked Meena. He admitted throwing her off the same bridge Leanna had fallen to her death from, leaving fans worried about his mental state. As Liam grows desperate to get justice for his daughter, will he take extreme measures in an attempt to prove Meena killed Leanna? Viewers will have to tune in to find out Meena’s fate. Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7pm on ITV. 