Furniture trends come and go, and keeping up with the latest must-have items can be a costly investment. This is perhaps why “furniture upcycling” has seen something of a boom on social media over the last couple of years, with hundreds of accounts dedicated to DIY transformations on Instagram alone. While you may have to invest in new materials, it can breathe new life into old or dated furniture, and help people to recreate trending interior trends for “a fraction of the price”. Elaine Penhaul, director of Lemon and Lime Interiors, told Express.co.uk: “Upcycling furniture is a great way to save money, as a sizeable piece of furniture is never cheap to purchase from new.” The act of upcycling sees people transform unwanted or unused furniture into a visually improved, quality item - and in many cases, people find ways to replicate high-end items themselves. Ms Penhaul said: “There’s a lot of nostalgia when it comes to design trends this year and pieces that have stood the test of time will be key when it comes to styling our homes. “We are seeing a resurgence of people buying old pine and ‘brown’ furniture and creating fabulous projects. “This has the added benefit of ticking the sustainability box too. “Upcycled furnishings such as unique umbrella stands, ornate fire guards and plant stands will complement retro colour pops.” READ MORE: Inside Prince Andrew's £17m Swiss ski chalet he shares with Fergie According to Ms Penhaul, one of the most popular upcycling trends at the moment starts with classic IKEA furniture items. She explained: “There is an abundance of current trends when it comes to upcycling furniture. “IKEA furniture is, of course, one of the major players. “Starting with standard white or wooden drawers and sideboards, many DIY fans are taking on projects to make these basic items look more luxurious. “We’ve spotted trends such as glueing on lollipop sticks in parquet patterns, or templated patterns being sprayed onto the front of draws.” DON'T MISSOrchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower in one step [EXPLAINER]Lawn care: How to bring your grass ‘back to life’ in time for spring [REVEALED]How to clean your bathroom in less than 30 mins - The 6 hacks  [INSIGHT] Strip outdated wood furnishings with oven cleaner Whether you have an old, wooden furniture item hidden in a corner at home, or picked up a bargain at a car boot sale or charity shop, Ms Penhaul says oven cleaner could be your best friend when it comes to upcycling. She explained: “With outdated dark and orange wooden furniture pieces like ornate kitchen dressers and drawers, try your luck with oven cleaner. “This acts as a stripping material and once washed off and sanded down, these painted pieces are taken back to their natural surface, which looks more authentic and fits in better with modern materials.” To do this, begin by spraying a thick layer of oven cleaner on the wood you would like to strip. This should bubble and foam as you spray. Let it sit for 15 to 20 minutes, preferably in the shade. Using a bowl with water and dish soap, scrub the item with a soft brush. A harsh brush is likely to scratch and should especially be avoided on delicate items. Spray the item with water until it runs clear and then allow the item to fully dry. Once dry, lightly sand to remove any rough spots if needed. In some cases, you may want to complete the furniture item with a topcoat. Repurpose your old mirrors If you have a mirror with a pretty frame, but no longer have use for it, why not transform it into a photo frame? Ms Penhaul said: “Wooden or metallic mirrors can either be repurposed as frames for large paintings or, you can often spray paint old ornate mirrors in gold and rub them down with dark ‘rub and buff’ wax to give them an antiqued finish." Give dining chairs a fresh new look Buying a new set of dining chairs can be a huge investment, but there are ways you can give your existing ones a new look. The interiors expert said: "Try taking back old dining chairs to their basic frame, paint them in a colour of choice - I like to go for a sleek black finish. "Fit the base with a foam cushion and cover with a standout material like dark green velvet. "Buy a cane rattan webbing and secure it tightly to the back and front of the chair back to create your backrest." For added flair, Ms Penhaul recommends accessorising your dining table too. She said: "Pick up the materials in your tableware dressings, cut rattan placemats and pick dark green tall, stemmed candles to use as centrepieces when entertaining guests." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Overhaul your wardrobe Wardrobes are another large furniture item which to replace can cost hundreds, if not thousands. However, leftover wallpaper or strips of wood could come in handy. Ms Penhaul said: “Wardrobes with internal panels can be wallpapered to create statement articles, or alternatively, built-in wardrobes can be effectively repanelled by glueing thin strips of wood which you can find in most DIY stores onto the front. Top it off with a new metallic door handle." Add some eco-style into your home Eco-style is a design rends which has been derived from a global push towards eco-friendly and sustainability. The trend sees the use of natural materials, as well as neutral colour palettes. Ms Penhaul says there are some simple ways you can upcycle existing furniture at home to match the trend without having to go out and buy a whole new item. She said: "Concrete and eco-living is currently quite a big trend so it’s worth looking at upcycling old lampshades, mirrors and vases by glueing on reed-like materials or by painting them in a textural concrete to give them a fresh lease of life.”