International tensions have increased since Vladimir Putin yesterday, on Monday, recognised the breakaway Lugansk and Donetsk regions as independent, sending in Russian “peacekeepers”. For Health Secretary Sajid Javid, the message was clear: “The invasion of Ukraine has begun.” Speaking after a meeting of the Government’s emergency COBRA committee, Boris Johnson announced he would “immediately institute a package of economic sanctions”. A similar message came from Brussels, where EU heads declared they would “react with sanctions”. Mr Johnson admitted “[Mr Putin’s] people would expect” such sanctions. But a secondary problem has been highlighted – financial punishments could be more “painful” for the west than for Russia. Ghanem Nuseibeh, founder of Cornerstone Global Associates, suggested the EU is onto a losing game, lacking the capability of hurting Russia with sanctions without inflicting too much damage on itself. In a post on Twitter, he wrote: “Any effective sanctions against Russia will be more painful to the EU than to Russia.” Mr Nuseibeh did, however, note one potential tool in Brussels’s arsenal. But he highlighted the difficulty of the situation by noting the EU would not want to go down this route. READ MORE: Liz Truss summons Russian ambassador to Foreign Office He said: “[Measures will not work] unless they include kicking Russia out of SWIFT, which the EU doesn’t want to do.” SWIFT – or the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication – acts as an intermediary of financial transactions between banks across the world. Kicking Russia out of the society has been described as the “nuclear option”. Last month, private intelligence firm Dragonfly noted that the West’s attempts to put Russia down through sanctions “appear to have failed” because Moscow has “sanction-proofed” its economy. DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Hugo Crosthwaite, the group’s lead analyst for Eurasia, said: “The combined efforts of the US, the EU and NATO to deter Russia in recent months appear to have failed. “Even the sanctions the US has threatened seem to have had little impact, with Russia having effectively sanction-proofed its economy.” The effects of the EU’s – and the rest of the west’s – inability to negotiate a settlement or quash the Kremlin with financial sanctions are now, it appears, being seen. But following Mr Putin’s recognition of the breakaway regions, Mark Galeotti, author of “We Need to Talk About Putin” and “A Short History of Russia”, stressed it is too early to suggest Russia has presented a fait accompli on its intentions with Ukraine. He wrote in the Spectator: “It may simply be that Putin fell prey to his desire to do something at a time when the political and economic costs of full invasion seemed too high. One should never underestimate his need to appear decisive and in control. “However, Russia retains its massive force on Ukraine’s borders and this could still prove just one act in a wider tragedy. Or it could turn out to be the end of the current drama.” He added: “Putin is still writing his script.”