Strictly Come Dancing winner Stacey Dooley, 34, will move into a convent with a group of nuns to discover what life is like for them in the 21st century. The BBC One documentary, Stacey Dooley - Inside the Convent, will see the presenter stay with the Sisters at The Order of the Holy Paraclete Anglican Religious Community, at St Hilda’s Priory in Whitby. The star will swap the busyness and comforts of the modern world for a life of simplicity and obedience in a convent.Stacey, who is in a relationship with her Strictly partner Kevin Clifton, is not religious but says she wanted to take part in the show to see what it is like to slow down and see life from a completely different perspective.She told The Mirror: “I had wanted to film in a convent for a while."I was delighted when the Sisters at St Hilda’s invited us into their home, allowing us to truly witness and experience, first-hand, their way of life. READ MORE:Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "I really do believe it can be hugely beneficial, spending time with those you wouldn’t usually. It forces you to see things from an entirely different perspective." Stacey added that she “thoroughly enjoyed” the whole experience. The documentary is inspired by the Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over series on the W network. Each episode saw Stacey travel around Britain, staying in a variety of homes for a weekend and experiencing the owners’ way of life. Stacey opened up about Inside the Convent during a virtual BAFTA Q&A session in May. The journalist explained: “Alice Bowden [executive producer] and I are reunited and we are doing a film in a convent. “So, this was borne out of Sleeps Over actually because I really wanted to go and live with some nuns. “But we’re thinking, ‘Well, is that a family dynamic or is that a different idea?’ DON'T MISS‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death[LATEST]Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice'[INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shows damage of storm on Diddly Squat Farm[NEWS] “So, yeah, different idea and I really can’t wait.” Stacey has recently opened up about her own home life and whether her and Kevin will tie the knot anytime soon. Speaking to PA Media, the 34-year-old confessed: “I’m not desperate to get married. “Of course, [marriage] works for some people but it’s not something that I need.” Stacey also gushed about her desire to have children, but again admits she doesn’t think it will happen in the near future. She said: “I would love a family one day, but there’s no rush, no pressure.” Stacey and Kevin have been together since they won the 2019 series of Strictly Come Dancing. Stacey Dooley - Inside the Convent will air on BBC1 next month.