Pension savers should be aware the tax year is hurriedly coming to a close, with the April deadline looming. As a result, many will want to make the most of their tax allowances during this time. This is particularly important for pension saving, as people will want to maximise the amount they put away for retirement. Thankfully, the Government also offers a helping hand through a useful incentive. Each year a person can pay a certain amount into their pension pot - up to a maximum of £40,000 while still benefitting from tax relief. According to Which?, tax relief “allows you to deduct some payments you make during the tax year from your gross income, so there’s less for you to be taxed on”. READ MORE: State pension age changes may affect free bus pass & prescriptions Understandably, this is a major perk for those saving into their pension. Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at Bestinvest, said: “Those who have spare money to money to put away towards the end of the tax year and who have not used this allowance can still take advantage of pensions tax relief. “The taxman automatically tops up pension payments by the basic rate of 20 percent. “Those paying higher or additional rates of tax can claim back another 20 percent and 25 percent respectively.” DON'T MISSState pension ‘top-up’ may help you slash NHS costs by up to 100% [INSIGHT]Pension: Are you owed a refund? How to check if you've been overtaxed [ANALYSIS]Good news as thousands of Britons become ISA millionaires [LATEST] Pension tax relief is seen as one of the key benefits of saving for retirement. Individuals can secure it on private pension contributions worth up to 100 percent of annual earnings. However, it is up to Britons to manage the rules around this incentive. People must check they are not getting tax relief on contributions worth more than 100 percent of annual earnings. If not, then HMRC can ask Britons to pay back anything which exceeds the limit. In certain circumstances, some people may have to claim tax relief. This occurs if a person pays income tax at a rate above 20 percent and their pension provider claims the first 20 percent for them - under a scheme known as relief at source. It will also be the case if a pension scheme is not set up for automatic tax relief, or if someone else pays into an individual’s pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can claim additional tax relief on their Self Assessment tax return for money they put into a private pension of: Individuals can also call or write to HMRC to claim if they pay income tax at 40 percent.