Homes Under The Hammer star Lucy Alexander took to Twitter last night to discuss the emotional impact Kate Garraway's documentary Caring For Derek has had on her. After the programme aired on ITV last night, she shared her own feelings with her almost 39,000 followers. "So much of this moved me having dealt with trauma in my own family," she wrote. "Counting on mates like @benshephard popping in for a cuppa are invaluable. "@kategarraway you got this. Love to you all. Thank you for sharing. #CaringForDerek." The hard-hitting documentary on Kate nursing her husband back to health has been described as "gut-wrenching" and reportedly left many fans in floods of tears within minutes of the opening credits. READ NOW: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death Yet Lucy has had to deal with her own trauma after her daughter Kitty was diagnosed with the spinal condition transverse myelitis, when a virus left her paralysed and wheelchair-bound over a decade ago. Besides that, the 51-year-old has lost her confidence in her own body too, having questioned: "Am I old and falling apart?" after a recent injury. The emotionally fraught TV star confessed to having burst into tears during charity events she had attended with Kitty. Yesterday, she felt she could relate to the struggles faced by Kate as the pair have now both been carers for someone they love, who has been left physically disabled. Derek had suffered brain inflammation as a result of contracting Covid, which left him almost paralysed. His condition has been so debilitating and his recovery so slow that there was even a struggle last year over where Kate, whose oven had broken down over the festive period, could take Derek for Christmas Day. Derek, who now sleeps for long periods of time each day, had been left too exhausted to manage much travel, which ruled out a car journey outside of his immediate area. Lucy's daughter Kitty was also struck down suddenly at the tender age of seven, after a virus sparked a rare auto-immune reaction. The presenter has paid tribute to her daughter's bravery in the past, honouring her coming of age birthday at 18 with a special social media post dedicated to her. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [DEBATE] Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing [LATEST] Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan [INSIGHT]  "You got struck down with Transverse myelitis, a virus that attacked your spinal cord and you became instantly paralysed at the age of 7," she wrote. “You never walked again after that day. "You are just funny, beautiful, kind and talented and [I] just wanna say we all love you so much. “Keep trailblazing and being who you are." She also revealed that her go-getting daughter had refused to allow her disability to hinder her, having recently been accepted to drama school to continue her studies. "Well done @kittycastledine for getting into Drama school," her mum praised. “A life long dream since you were part of the ‘Closing ceremony of the Paralympics’ not long after you became paralysed with your injury. You didn’t let your disability hold you back. Ever." She continued: “Exciting to see the media now employing disabled actors in regular parts in tv & on stage without having to play a disabled person. Finally.”