Ukraine is a sovereign state, one which has fought harder than we can ever know for its fledgling democracy, one which bought the western democracy playbook hook line and sinker, which gave away its nuclear arsenal on the understanding the US would pitch-in if the going got tough, a model, people-powered European state desperate for EU and NATO acceptance. Ukraine should be the poster child for western democracy. Instead, she is an advert for western weakness and fear, for rampant self-interest, and our own special version of political corruption and lies every bit as shameful as Putins. In 1994 Britain, America and Russia signed a thing called the Budapest Memorandum with a Ukraine desperate to throw off the shackles of Soviet communism and join the Free West. To Ukrainians it was a West of open Government, of honesty, of decency, of individual freedoms, of commitment to democracy and, perhaps especially, a West which was first and foremost an enemy of totalitarian rule. Indeed it was a West born from the overthrow of the 20th Century's most infamous dictator. Ukraine thought she was signing up for membership of that self-same West and gave up her nuclear weapons in return for "security assurances against threats or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Ukraine." But today we have ignored that territorial integrity and left her to face slaughter at the hands of the Russian military machine, and we have left her to do it alone. Bluster from the UN, self-serving self delusion from the EU, and silence from NATO. We should be ashamed. We have even told the crazed fascist ordering the mass murder of Ukrainians he need fear no military reprisals from us. And so, like Hitler in 1939, untroubled by any threat of reactive military force, he is invading and occupying Ukraine, pretty much at will. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has called us out as the cowards we surely are. He said last night: "We have been left alone to defend our state. Who is ready to fight alongside us? I don't see anyone. "Who is ready to give Ukraine a guarantee of NATO membership? Everyone is afraid." Everyone is afraid. Got that right Volodymyr. We have become so weakened, so woke, so easily intimidated that we have run away from those who would be our friends and given succour to our enemies. There are those who say Ukraine should have read the small print in the Budapest Memorandum, that it is in no way legally binding. And obviously, Putin drove his tanks all over it in 2014 when he invaded Crimea - but that was Putin - we are supposed to be better than him. Damningly, the United States has since said "the Memorandum is not legally binding", calling it a mere "political commitment". Lawyers can and will prevaricate and lie all day long - but we all know, like a two-faced friend, we've welched on the deal. We've decided sacrificing Ukraine to Putin's imperial ambition is a price worth paying if it ring-fences the conflict. That way we don't have to get involved. As if we've never read a history book. We are massively diminished both morally and politically. Why would a North Korea, say, ever sign an arms treaty with the West when it's clear we have no intention of honouring them when it gets a bit scary? Even more blindingly obviously, in a matter of days Vladimir Putin will have taken Ukraine and will have Red Army tanks ranged against the borders of eight other sovereign European states - most NATO members, most even easier to invade than Ukraine. Does that make you sleep soundly in your bed? Even today, as Ukrainian children burn amid Russian missile attacks, our Defence Minister James Heapey said Britain was keeping well out of it because of the "risk of miscalculation". He rubbished Ukraine's pleas for the UK to help enforce a no-fly zone on the grounds it would be “somewhat difficult to implement”. Thank God Mr Heapey wasn't at the helm for the D-Day landings. I understand they were also  “somewhat difficult to implement”. At the very least Britain, with the UN and NATO, should be openly discussing the establishing of a no-fly zone over Ukraine. The same way they did so successfully in 1993 with Operation Deny Flight during the Bosnian conflict - Bosnia, notably, also not being a NATO member. The principle, and the successful practical military application of that principle, thus has a precedent. The only difference here is we are more frightened of Russia. She's bigger and scarier and we just haven't the guts. And yes sanctions are good. Economic weapons ultimately did for the Soviet empire in 1989. Trouble is they took 50 years to work. Ukraine has barely 50 hours. And, despite Putin conducting a war against Europe, some EU members - notably Germany and Italy - still want to pay into his coffers for his oil and gas and refuse to axe Russia from the SWIFT banking system which allows cash to flow in and out of Moscow without a hitch. Just this morning deluded EU boss Ursula von der Leyen told the  world "our unity is our strength." I almost spat my latte out laughing. The images emerging from Ukraine are as shaming as they are heartbreaking. "I can't believe someone could be so evil" said a poor Ukrainian girl fleeing her country's war with Russia on Sky News last night - and this has been our collective woke western mistake. We really couldn't believe someone could be so evil. Yet here we are. And if we don't have the courage to face this evil head on, right now, it will redfine our world and cast a dark and dangerous shadow over our lives, and the lives of our children, for decades to come.