Fuel costs broke records earlier this week with petrol just shy of 150p per litre for the first time. Diesel was also at a new record with the RAC averaging UK costs as high as 153p. It comes after the price of oil surged to its highest levels in more than seven years as a result of Russia’s Ukraine invasion. However Howard Cox, founder of FairFuelUK, has warned costs could surge in the coming weeks. He warned “oil will continue to rise” which in time will affect prices at the forecourts. They warned costs will jump by an extra 10p in the “immediate future but an extra 30p rise is not out of the question. READ MORE: Campaigners call for fuel duty tax to be cut as costs soar He said: “It’s a perfect storm for the already fat wallets of hedge fund managers and the faceless fuel supply chain businesses to take advantage of a catastrophic geo-political life threatening event. “Oil will continue to rise, unchecked and unnecessarily so. “Credible Indications put £1.60 as an immediate hit to the retail price of petrol in coming weeks, and long term, say two to three months, I see £1.70 to £1.80 as more than likely as the greedy fuel supply businesses continue to go unchecked.” The RAC has also warned drivers of a fuel price rise but have estimated more conservative figures. DON'T MISS'Real danger’ petrol and diesel prices will hit £1.60 a litre [INSIGHT]Drivers 'being taken for a ride' over record petrol and diesel prices [COMMENT]Drivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [ANALYSIS] They have suggested petrol will likely rise to £1.50 per litre “very soon” if the crisis continues. However, they added there was “real danger” petrol costs may rise to £1.55 per litre. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams has warned this increase will take the overall price of a fuel tank to £85. He added any price rises would cause “untold financial difficulties” for road users. He said: “Russia’s actions will now push petrol pump prices up to £1.50 very soon. “The question then becomes where will this stop and how much can drivers take just as many are using their cars more and returning to workplaces. “If the oil price was to increase to $110 there’s a very real danger the average price of petrol would hit £1.55 a litre. “This would cause untold financial difficulties for many people who depend on their cars for getting to work and running their lives as it would skyrocket the cost of a full tank to £85. “At $120 a barrel – without any change to the exchange rate which is currently at $1.35 – we would be looking £1.60 a litre and £88 for a full tank.”