F1 fans have been chomping at the bit to watch the new series of Drive to Survive following the dramatic events in Abu Dhabi last year and Christian Horner has already been given a sneak peak on what to expect. The docuseries has been a huge hit on Netflix since it first aired back in 2019. Guenther Steiner became a cult icon among viewers for his outbursts and drivers up and down the grid have built up a huge following as a result of the series. But there is more anticipation on the fourth installment of the popular series than ever. The battle between Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton captivated sports fans all over the world last year. The championship contenders came to blows on the track on more than one occasion and there is an expectation to see more behind-the-scenes footage from that rivalry in the new Drive to Survive series. JUST IN: Inside accommodation Hamilton and co will live in during F1 testing  Much of the interest will largely be around the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, where both Hamilton and Verstappen were level on points for the season finale. Michael Masi's role in the drama which unfolded in the final few laps caused a stir among F1 fans. The race director has now been removed from his position, with the FIA recently announced Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas set to alternate in the role this upcoming season. With the Drive to Survive series just days away from being released, small snippets are starting to come out on the series. DON'T MISS  Red Bull team principal Horner has already had early access to the series, watching the first few episodes. And while talking on talkSPORT, Horner hinted that the rivalry between Hamilton and Verstappen features heavily. “The latest season is just coming out, and I just had a preview of the first four episodes," Horner said. "This season is insane because of the rivalry between Lewis and Max. "It’s obviously a fly on the wall. "You’ve got to remember they’re making a TV show as well. But for what it’s done for the sport, it’s phenomenal." US broadcaster ESPN revealed that F1 viewership has almost doubled from 2018 - the year before Drive to Survive hit Netflix. But Verstappen has already admitted that his role in the series will be scaled back after growing frustrated at how he was perceived in previous episodes. “I understand that it needs to be done to boost the popularity in America,” he told the Associated Press. “But from my side as a driver, I don’t like being part of it.” “They faked a few rivalries which they don’t really exist. So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show."