It's highly unlikely that Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel was naive enough to think that following last year's Champions League triumph with a domestic crown was going to be straightforward - but even he must be taken aback with the number of issues that the Blues have had to contend with this term. Chelsea's title hopes were effectively killed over the festive period as a direct result of an unrelenting injury list, but it's been the form of club-record signing Romelu Lukaku that has dominated the narrative surrounding the club recently. There's no doubt that the Belgian striker has struggled to live up to expectations after his £97.5million switch from Inter Milan. But that's nothing new for the Londoners, who have seen a string of big-money signings fall flat over the past few years. While it's Lukaku making the headlines right now, Kai Havertz perhaps might be the most peculiar example of all. JUST IN: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reveals first words to Ousmane Dembele after Barcelona move The German is already assured of his spot in Stamford Bridge folklore after netting two of the biggest European goals in the Blues history. But although Havertz has already proved that he's the man for the big occasion, he's been anonymous more often than not in the Premier League. Havertz has netted just twice in the league all season, with just a further two assists to his name from the 17 appearances he's made. It's a majorly disappointing return from a player who seemed destined to kick on this year after plundering the winning goal in last year's Champions League final triumph over Manchester City. DON'T MISS: Chelsea ‘request meeting’ with Eder Militao’s agent as Blues eye dealChelsea boss Tuchel's tactical switch has helped him find new star manChelsea's Tuchel has Lukaku theory after lacklustre Palace display But it hasn't happened for the £72million man. Although he has been showing signs of improvement under Tuchel, his returns are still drastically uninspiring. That's a problem that needs to be addressed sooner rather than later. Havertz's decisive penalty in the Club World Cup final will afford him time, from the fans and the club hierarchy, but that credit in the bank won't last forever - something that Tuchel himself has recently alluded to. The Blues boss said last week: "We should not wait too long. If we isolate the goalscoring, then yes we expect more and he expects more for sure. "Of course, we want more goals and he wants more goals. In this part of the game, he can improve, he be more clinical and precise, he can use his technique better in shooting. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ "So there are aspects of the game where there is space to develop because he is still young. "But he has stepped up twice in big matches, in crucial moments, and this can only be good for his development." Tuchel's endorsement hints that he believes Havertz will come good, but there's also a subtle warning that the misfiring striker needs to heed; the Blues boss won't wait forever for the ex-Bayer Leverkusen man to adopt a clinical touch in front of goal. It's all well and good popping out of the woodwork for the big moments, but Chelsea desperately need someone to do the business away from the bright lights too; something that their recent domestic form alludes to. Time is running out for Havertz to come good - he needs to show he can hack the ordinary occasions as well as the extraordinary if he is leave a lasting legacy at Stamford Bridge.