Manchester United's hopes of appointing Mauricio Pochettino this summer have been dealt a blow after Real Madrid reportedly entered the running for the Argentine tactician. The Red Devils are currently weighing up their next move as they seek to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick and so far, Pochettino and Ajax's Erik ten Hag top their shortlist. United's long-standing interest in Pochettino has been among the worst-kept secrets in world football. The club even sounded out the availability of the former Tottenham manager in late 2020 as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer battled to save his job. However, the Norwegian was able to turn things around - despite being sacked a year later - prompting Pochettino to join Paris Saint-Germain. Yet the 49-year-old has struggled to win over his critics in the French capital after missing out on the Ligue 1 title last season to Lille. READ MORE: Bruno Fernandes lavishes 'really important' Man Utd double act with praise after Leeds win Since then, every defeat and performance has been placed under the microscope with Pochettino's future beyond this season at the Parc des Princes in major doubt. According to The Daily Mail, United remain seriously interested in making Pochettino their next manager but the same also applies for Real Madrid. Initially, United looked like the only club in contention for Pochettino after Tottenham moved to appoint Antonio Conte last November. Spurs had made a surprise swoop - that was blocked by PSG - to bring Pochettino back to north London last summer. DON'T MISSMan United can swerve Mauricio Pochettino with strategic left-field appointmentMan Utd star Marcus Rashford furiously fires back over Cristiano Ronaldo 'divide' reportsMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifies  The appointment of Pochettino initially seemed straightforward for United at the end of the season, providing he parted company with PSG. Yet with Carlo Ancelotti now under fire, Real Madrid have seemingly decided they're prepared to move for Pochettino if things do not work out under the Italian. Los Blancos previously set their sights on Pochettino at the end of last season following Zinedine Zidane's decision to step down. PSG, however, continued to dig their heels into the ground, offering Pochettino a new contract. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Manchester United's players are understood to be in favour of the appointment of Pochettino. The majority would be excited by his potential arrival in light of his success with Spurs. Although there was no silverware to show for it, Pochettino drove the club to new heights, securing Champions League football four years in a row before reaching the final in Madrid in 2019. Last July, PSG triggered a one-year extension in Pochettino's contract but failure to win the Champions League this season could see them part company with their former player.