Throughout this crisis, parallels have been drawn to the period before WW2. There are unavoidable similarities. Not least, at that time further annihilating warfare in Europe was seen as essentially unthinkable, or theoretical. While the Cold War never boiled over, it certainly focused minds. In the three decades since then, however, memories have grown short. At the root of this crisis is a collective failure of imagination, coupled with the lack of desire to believe that our comfortable lives could be threatened by something as brutal as major conflict. This was to ignore an overwhelming amount of evidence, not to mention the strident warnings from Biden, Johnson, and NATO. It is almost incredible – had it not happened - that the assertion that Russia was committed to fighting an aggressive war was so easily ignored. In this regard, it shows just how much we have failed to learn. Our adversaries, from China to the global jihadist movement, have not been so negligent. The thread of action in Ukraine goes back far, but leads directly to the debacle in Afghanistan last year. It is undeniable that Russia and other nations have taken note. In addition, the plethora of misinformation we have willingly accepted, and disinformation to which we have fallen victim, meant that our own leaders were trusted less than a despot who had already shown that his word was worthless. This was calculated; a nation that has attempted for years to break and divide NATO and the EU was certainly savvy enough to know that Western leaders are under unprecedented pressure, and to therefore see an unrivalled opportunity. The failure of imagination and complacency following Cold War victory has driven us to undertake crippling reductions and accept unheralded risks in our military capability. Military output relies on three components; a mix of physical (what you have), moral (why you have it) and conceptual (how you use it) components. We are long on the last, and brutally short on the former, especially for what we spend. We have a saying that usability is capability, meaning that adequate equipment that can be fielded in decent numbers has a strength greater than the sum of its parts; this cannot be matched by a small number of uber-weapons or niche capabilities. In essence, there is no silver bullet in warfare (other than nuclear capability) that makes up for crippling weakness, however much we want to believe that aspects such as cyber warfare have changed the game. In this regard, UK defence has long had to weigh the cost, without being able to consider value. Our service personnel are well aware of this, and grimace, but get on with it boldly. This reflects a great strength, in that shouldering the burden is at the very core of our Armed Forces’ being. But all are aware of the very real shortcomings that exist, especially in the face of a major crisis. Lip service has been paid to critical capabilities, and in the land environment alone the quantities of tanks, artillery, and air defence shown by the Russians pose a challenge – especially on the borders of their territory. High concepts such as “information manoeuvre”, and our obvious pride in having shown up the Russian plans, are undermined by the fact this failed to stop the invasion or help protect our ally. As a very senior officer said to me, the fact remains that having thousands of tanks and rockets on your country’s borders does rather focus the mind. After all, who needs a cyber attack to disable a power plant when you can use a shell? Working alongside international allies seems like a solution, but is so often less than the sum of its parts. Decision-making in NATO is hard, but if we do nothing else then the UK must lean in and help wield the Alliance into a truly effective body, exhibiting leadership and commitment. Ben Wallace has shown praiseworthy commitment to this, and we must hope this is pursued avidly while attention remains focused. If nothing else, greater UK leadership and commitment will allow the US in turn to face further emerging threats, such as China. This will help prevent further unpleasant shocks at what is almost certainly a critical point in history. Kyiv has fought hard, but forces there are blind, lacking intelligence on their enemy, and resorting to individual actions in an attempt to bleed Moscow dry. Russian forces are in general hesitant and tactically naïve, but will win (barring a revolution at home, which is not an insignificant risk). The survivors of such an experience will be better, harder, and more focused. Syria was a step, this is a crucible, and – as Biden and Johnson have both warned – Putin is planning more. We don’t have hard intelligence of this, but it is an assessment that is grounded soundly. In Ukraine, we have arguably lost before even fighting and our weakness was exposed. We must learn, and learn fast, to correct this error, if we are to turn this setback into eventual victory. • Justin Crump is the chief executive of Sibylline