The elderly victim gave his bank details over the phone allowing the fraudsters to steal £12,000 from his bank account and a further £4,000 from a Post Office account. Fraud increased 36 percent last year alone, leading police to remind people never to give their details over the phone. Durham Constabulary warned residents in County Durham to be on their guard after a local resident fell victim to a common phone scam. The elderly gentleman was tricked into giving his bank details over the phone which resulted in him losing £16,000. Unfortunately he is just the latest in a long line of victims who are being conned out of their life savings by scammers. It's led the police to issue a fresh warning for people to never assume a call is genuine and to hang up if in any doubt. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: DWP benefit to be replaced for 80,000 people While pretending to be from the bank is common, Durham Constabulary is also warning people to be aware of callers pretending to be from energy companies promising better deals. A spokesperson for Barnard Castle Police said: "We want to take this opportunity to remind people that genuine police officers, your bank, or other reputable organisation would never contact you requesting money in this way. "Only give out your personal or financial details to use a service that you have given your consent to, that you trust and that you are expecting to be contacted by. DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] The spokesperson continued: "Never assume that a phone call is authentic, and if you’re unsure, always hang up straight away." Meanwhile, fraudsters are also targeting benefit claimants including those on Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Reports of email, text and face to face scams from fraudsters claiming to be from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) have increased according to Action Fraud. It says there has been a recent spate of these scams - most of them relating to Universal Credit.  Government-backed financial website MoneyHelper said scammers are taking advantage of the cost of living crisis. Some fraudsters are offering loans to people who are struggling. It says people have been approached in the street by people claiming to be from Jobcentre Plus as well as via social media groups, direct messages and adverts.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On its website it said: “The main way a Universal Credit scam works is someone offering to apply for a Universal Credit Advance Payment on your behalf and taking some of the money as a fee. “They’ll often tempt you by suggesting this is free money from the Government.” If you think you’ve been a victim of fraud, report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or online at www.actionfraud.police.uk