During the past month, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has had to contend with several major issues, including the ongoing ‘partygate’ investigation by the Metropolitan Police Force, and the crisis in Ukraine. While pressure has continued to mount on the PM, it’s now been revealed that his approval rating has started to rebound. According to YouGov, Mr Johnson’s approval rating now stands at 25 percent - correct as of February 10. Compared with the previous score - published on January 13 - the PM’s rating has increased by three percentage points. Last month, the 57-year-old was awarded his lowest approval rating since he assumed office in 2019.  READ MORE: PMQs: MPs aghast as Starmer turns on Boris over Russia Meanwhile, 70 percent of the respondents answered that they thought Mr Johnson was doing “badly” as leader of the UK, with five percent saying they were unsure. During its survey, the market research firm asked between 1,623 and 3,326 British adults: “Do you think that Boris Johnson is doing well or badly as Prime Minister?” The growth in his approval rating was the first time since May 6, 2021 that the PM’s score had not sunk lower than the previous month. Mr Johnson’s score peaked at 66 percent on April 9, 2020.  Despite the increase, Mr Johnson still trails the Labour leader when it comes to popularity with the public. Currently, Sir Keir has an approval rating of 34 percent, while 49 percent of respondents said he is doing “badly” as leader of the opposition. Like the PM, Sir Keir also enjoyed a growth in his approval rating compared with his January score.  DON'T MISS:Kuenssberg exposes fears of BBC clampdown by Putin [NEWS]Gary Lineker wades into Russia football row with jibe at Liz Truss [EXPLAINED]Mum 'made to feel like a bad parent' after reading letter from school [INSIGHT] The Labour leader's score has grown by five percent since last month's survey. The Labour leader has witnessed his rating gradually swell since September of last year, when it stood at 18 percent. YouGov’s latest voting intention results (February 11) showed that Labour are slightly edging the Tories with 37 percent of voters compared to 34 percent. However, their advantage did fall by four percentage points from a similar poll that was conducted at the start of the month.  The betting agent Ladbrokes has Mr Johnson odds-on (4/6) to leave his role as PM in 2022. The Chancellor Rishi Sunak is priced as the favourite to replace him as Tory leader at 15/8, while Liz Truss and Jeremy Hunt are ranked as the second and third favourites, respectively. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Punters still believe it's a firm case of when, not if, the PM is replaced in Downing Street this year, and as things stand it's Rishi Sunak who continues to lead the way in the Next Tory Leader betting." 