Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has confirmed that Jack Wilshere will one day return to the Emirates, but in a coaching capacity. The 30-year-old had spent the past few months training with his old team in north London, before signing with Danish club AGF Aarhus this week. Wilshere was touted as one of English football's brightest youngsters while he rose through the ranks at Arsenal. Persistent injuries ravaged his time in north London though, and West Ham took a chance on him in 2018 when his 10-year stint with the Gunners came to an end. As his injury issues got even worse, he moved on to Bournemouth last year, but was released in the summer and had been without a club since earlier this week. AGF Aarhus, who sit mid-table in the Danish Superliga, are the team to take a chance on him, offering the midfielder a short-term deal until the end of the season. JUST IN: Chelsea 'may pocket' Barcelona transfer windfall due to hidden Azpilicueta contract clause Having offered Wilshere a route to match fitness, Arteta released a classy farewell statement on Wednesday and outlined plans to welcomes him back in the future. "First of all thanks for all the time he has been with us," said the Spaniard. "It’s been an absolute pleasure to have him back, to enjoy watching him play again and having him around, the inspiration he is for all the young people. "And hopefully we have helped him a bit because he had some doubts whether to start coaching or to continue playing. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Tottenham encouraged to make blockbuster swap transfer - 'It would work'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte names star who 'has to play' vs Burnley 'even if he has one leg'Jurgen Klopp piles pressure on Man City as Liverpool boss talks up title race "I think this group of players have given him that necessity to feel again on a daily basis how magnificent it is to feel like a football player. "And I think he wants to experience that again and we wish him the best of luck. "Will he return to Arsenal in coaching capacity? 100 per cent. Everybody at the club will be willing to open the doors for him and try to find a role for him that can work for everybody. "I think that will happen naturally in the future."  Putting a date on Wilshere's return to north London broadly depends on how his injury record holds up in Denmark. At 30-years-old and having endured a torrid few years, it seems as though the 34-cap former England international may not be given many more chances in professional football if his struggles to see the pitch continue this term. With Arteta keeping one eye on the future, he must also focus heavily on Thursday evening when the Gunners face Wolves at the Emirates. As sixth host seventh in the Premier League table, the result could have a telling effect on this campaign's top-four race, particularly as both teams can boast games in hand on those above them.