Emma Allen, 39, had difficulty breathing and paramedics were called at 5.30pm on November 25, 2020, Manchester Coroners' Court heard. A second call was made at 5.43pm and the emergency incident was then treated as "category one". Paramedics arrived just after 6pm and found her family attempting CPR. Ms Allen was rushed to Manchester Royal Infirmary before being pronounced dead at 6.40pm. A post-mortem found Ms Allen died as a result of cardiopulmonary arrest. A toxicology report found evidence of heroin and methadone in her system. A statement from a paramedic said: “The use of the drugs combined would have lead to a compression of her respiratory system causing her to have difficulty with her breathing. "She then went into a cardiopulmonary arrest." Ms Allen suffered from Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and emphysema, the MEN reported. The inquest heard she did not seek any help from doctors after finding something on her lung amid coronavirus fears. READ MORE: Police swoop on man who didn't know he had grenades in his rucksack The court also heard she had a history of drug addiction and suffered many "highs and lows" throughout her life. In a statement submitted by mum Janine, Emma was described as having a smile that would "light up the room". She said: “She has left behind three heartbroken sisters and a beautiful eight-year-old daughter. “She had been working in Crete nine years ago before she came back to the UK, met her partner and had her daughter. DON'T MISS Horror as woman dies and man in intensive care after being hit by car [INSIGHT] Armed police swoop and shoot DOG after boy and woman attacked [REVEAL] Driver who killed girl, 11, after mowing her down jailed for 5 years [COMMENT] “She is beautiful and a credit to her mother. “In her short life, she struggled with drug addiction. "She had massive highs and lows but was in a good place when she died. “She had a heart of gold. Her smile would light up a room and she was one in a million. “She had been running around on the day she died. "Whilst making tea she called an ambulance. “The ambulance got lost on the estate and when they got to the house, they couldn’t save her.” Additional reporting by James Holt