The fierce back and forth started after Patrick Wintour, diplomatic editor of Guardian, tweeted: “It would have been so much better if the UK was able to make this argument with our fellow European leaders in person in the EU council chamber. “Just a fact. “Little wonder that some of the people that engineered Brexit are in that small odious British Putin fan club.” Mr Wintour was responding to a comment by Kate Ferguson, deputy political editor at The Sun who shared information about Ben Wallace's request to the European Union. Ms Ferguson tweeted: “Ben Wallace urges the EU to toughen up its sanctions and kick Russia out of Swift payments system (crucial for doing international business)  ‘There is still time’, he says” The Defence Secretary said that the UK will “work all day” to get the payment system “turned off for Russia” despite the EU and the US refusing to implement the sanction. “Unfortunately, the Swift system is not in our control. It’s not a unilateral decision,” he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. Mr Wallace said that the system is used “to move money around”, explaining: “When you pay Russia for its gas, it probably goes through the Swift system, for example.  READ MORE: Putin threat: UK on red alert for 'attack' from Russia “We want it switched off. Other countries do not. We only have so many options. We are going to work all day to try and get it [switched off for Russia].” Ukraine has called for Moscow to be kicked out of the system, which allows financial transactions to be made around the world. Gavin Rice, policy director at The Centre for Social Justice, blasted Mr Wintour and tweeted: “It's pretty shocking that this is from a professional journalist. “‘Putin = #Brexit; Brexiteers = Putin lovers’. Where is the assistance to public information, or scrutiny of decisions, or factual reporting? “How is anti-Brexit flag-flying appropriate commentary on this war?”  DON'T MISS:UN begs for troops to “return to barracks” as gunfire erupts in KyivBuilding collapse as 100 firefighters battle Manchester infernoMark Dolan accuses ‘arrogant’ West for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine Kyiv was bombarded with air strikes on Friday night as reports indicated Russian tanks were fighting on the outskirts of the capital. Mr Wallace said the “ripples” from the invasion “will be felt across Europe”, adding: “When I made the case for lethal aid, a lot of the other countries in Europe would say 'well he's not going to do this, it's irrational, he's just going to bully people. “Well, I have said continually for a long time, as has Britain, and the Prime Minister has supported this position – Putin is not rational. “He is trying to invade Ukraine, he will not stop with Ukraine. He doesn't think the Baltic states are really countries, and we will have to stand up to it. “Now, I cannot trigger a European war and I won't trigger a European war. “But what I will do is help Ukraine fight every street with every piece of equipment we can get to them, and we will support them, and that is the reality.” 