Travel rules are constantly changing, and even though European holiday hotspots have reopened their borders to Britons, there are some important restrictions to be aware of. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) keeps Britons up-to-date with the latest travel advice. What do Britons need to know before travelling to Spain, France, Portugal or Greece? Before travelling to Spain all passengers, regardless of vaccination status, are required to fill out an online health control form. On arrival into Spanish ports and airports, you must show the QR code (hardcopy or digital) issued when you completed the online Health Control Form before travel. Only people who are fully vaccinated are permitted to enter Spain for the purposes of tourism. The FCDO states: "You must show valid proof of being fully vaccinated (with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a one-dose vaccine) at least 14 days prior to arrival in Spain." From February 1, new rules have been set out to determine what classifies as "fully vaccinated". The FCDO explains: "At least 14 days must have passed since being fully vaccinated (with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a single-dose vaccine) before arrival in Spain. "Your dates of vaccination must be specified and your final dose must have been administered within 270 days prior to travel to Spain. "If you completed your vaccination (with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a single-dose vaccine) more than 270 days prior to travel to Spain, you must be able to show proof of having received a booster jab." Spain will accept the UK’s proof of COVID-19 vaccination record and proof of COVID-19 vaccination issued in the Crown Dependencies. You may also be subject to additional checks at the point of entry including a temperature check, visual health assessment, or testing on arrival. The FCDO adds: "Passengers may also be contacted and required to undertake a PCR, TMA or LAMP test at any point up to 48 hours after their arrival in Spain." Unvaccinated travellers are only permitted to enter Spain if they have an "essential" reason as set out by the Spanish government. READ MORE: British tourist warning of car rental scams in Spain Fully vaccinated travellers arriving in France from the UK must be in possession of a negative PCR or antigen test result taken within 48 hours prior to departure. Tests must be organised privately and NHS tests will not be accepted. Test results must be certified by an approved private test provider to be accepted. This rule applies to all people aged 12 and over. Arrivals must also complete a "sworn statement" (déclaration sur l’honneur) form self-certifying they’re not suffering from symptoms associated with coronavirus and have not been in contact with confirmed cases in the fortnight before travel. The FDCO states: "France will accept the UK’s proof of COVID-19 recovery and vaccination record at the border. "The French government recognises any vaccination certificates which conform to the EU Digital Covid Status Certification framework, illustrating that you are fully vaccinated with a vaccine authorised by the European Medical Authority. DON'T MISSCanary Islands forced to confiscate of stolen sand at airport [INSIGHT]‘Threw luggage in the sea!’ Cruise holidaymakers share stories [REVEALED]Expats: Five countries boasting the 'most accessible' healthcare [REPORT] "This means your final vaccine dose must have been administered at least seven days prior to travel for Oxford/AstraZeneca, Pfizer/BioNTech, Moderna or 28 days after a single dose of Johnson and Johnson." Travellers who received their full vaccine course over nine months ago must have a booster jab to be considered fully vaccinated. Unvaccinated travellers can only enter France for "essential" reasons. They will be subject to 10 days of mandatory isolation, which the FCDO warns is "subject to police checks". Passengers must also provide "a negative PCR or antigen test result taken within 24 hours pre-departure if aged 12 years and over". The Portuguese tourism website states: "Mandatory negative test for all flights arriving in Portugal, even for those who have a digital vaccination certificate, regardless of the point of origin of the flight or the passenger's nationality." However, the nation's government recently announced plans to drop testing for fully vaccinated arrivals, though the FCDO has not yet updated its travel advice pages to reflect this. According to Reuters, on February 3, the Portuguese government issued a statement saying negative tests will no longer be required for "those who present the EU COVID Digital Certificate in any of its modalities or other proof of vaccination that has been recognised". Current rules, issued on the FCDO travel advice page, are meant to last until February 9 when the new rules could come in. The FCDO states: "You must complete an online passenger locator card and be prepared to show a negative COVID-19 test result or your NHS or EU COVID recovery certificate (except children aged 11 or under)." Tests can be in the form of an RT-PCR or an antigen. The FCDO adds: "Your airline may deny boarding if you cannot show an appropriate test certificate when you check-in for your flight. Check with your airline before you travel. "The Portuguese authorities can deny your entry to Portugal if you do not have an appropriate COVID test certificate. "If you are legally resident in Portugal, you will be allowed to enter but you will have to take a test at the airport at your own expense and you may be fined from €300 (approximately £253) to €800 (approximately £676)." Before arriving in Greece, all passengers must complete an online Passenger Locator Form (PLF). The FCDO warns: "Failure to do so in advance may result in your carrier not allowing you to travel, a €500(£422) Euro fine on arrival or the Greek authorities not allowing you to enter or re-enter the country. Passengers hoping to enter Greece must present evidence of a negative Covid test regardless of vaccination status. The FCDO states: "You will need one of the following to enter Greece: proof of a negative COVID-19 PCR test, undertaken within the 72 hour period before arrival into Greece; or proof of a negative COVID-19 rapid antigen test from an authorised laboratory, undertaken within the 24 hour period before your arrival into Greece." The Greek government also “strongly recommends” that passengers take either a certified rapid test, or certified PCR test on both days two and four after arrival in Greece.