Spain has long been one of the UK’s top tourism destinations. Since travel restrictions have lifted, tourism officials are hoping UK tourists will return. Fernando Valdés, Spain’s secretary of state for tourism, said: “There is a pent-up demand in the UK which is going to activate very quickly. “We are already seeing how large operators like Jet2.com and airlines such as easyJet are increasing their operations with Spain. “We predict that the Costa del Sol will be one of the first destinations to benefit from this increase in British tourism.” Spain’s Costa del Sol region is one of the country’s top tourist destinations and includes popular spots such as Marbella and Fuengirola. READ MORE: Won’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions Valdés said he hoped that the pandemic would not cause holiday prices to rise despite the inflation rate. He said: “All the efforts of all the administrations and the financial assistance during these two years of the pandemic, which has amounted to 52 billion euros, have been aimed at ensuring that the tourism sector can be fully active again as soon as things improve. “Thanks to the furloughs we have not lost our workforce and that is essential. The idea has always been that nothing should compromise the recovery of the tourism sector.” Tourism is an important sector in the Spanish economy and Britons are one of the country’s biggest international markets. Major budget airline easyJet has said it is adding an extra 90,000 seats this summer for British tourists. Extra flights will operate from UK hubs including London Gatwick, London Luton, Bristol, Manchester and Liverpool. EasyJet UK Country Manager, Ali Gayward, said: “We know that so many people have missed being able to holiday over the last two years and so it is a priority for many UK consumers. “With low fares from just £20.99, hundreds of fantastic destinations to choose from, and many no longer requiring testing restrictions, now is a great time to book with easyJet.” Spain has finally ditched its tough rules on British teenagers. They can now enter with a negative PCR test. The tough legislation led many British families to cancel half-term holidays in Spain as their children could not travel. Some tourism officials in Spain fear the rules were changed too late to make a huge difference to the winter season. Destinations such as Turkey and Greece, which had fewer restrictions, reported a surge in bookings.  British adults will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain and will need a booster if their final jab was more than 270 days ago. Children between the ages of 12-17 will need to take a PCR test within 72 hours of travel if they are not vaccinated. Masks are still mandatory indoors in Spain as well as on public transport and at all stations. Covid restrictions vary across Spain and British tourists will need to use a Covid passport in some regions.