Marty (played by Shaheen Jafargholi) has been enjoying a romance with Adi Kapadia (Rajendra Bajaj) on Casualty of late after the young nurse previously suffered from so much heartache when it came to relationships. The pair have gone from strength to strength on the BBC medical drama and they have managed to keep going despite the pressures of both of their jobs. However, in upcoming scenes on the Saturday evening television programme, it seems they are both heading in the same direction when it comes to their future but a hurdle could prove harder to get past than they first thought. The drama begins in Saturday night's double-bill of the hospital-based drama as Marty considers changing roles at Holby. Keen to see what it's like to be a paramedic, he is eager to get stuck into another day shadowing Jan Jennings (Di Botcher). Though, his day is thrown into a quandary when Adi turns up and asks the beloved character if he wants to go and view a flat with him. Trying to make light of the matter, the nurse jokes his boyfriend is asking him to move in together, unaware that is what Adi wants. However, he leaves his partner confused when he gets on with his day rather than discussing the matter in more detail. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little confirms Neville's future on BBC show This is one of the most serious relationships Marty has ever had and so the idea of moving in with a boyfriend is a huge commitment. It is one he is not sure he is going to be able to hold up to and so most of the episode sees him battling with the dilemma. Whilst dealing with a patient, Marty makes the realisation he is simply scared of how he feels for his boyfriend as he knows it is love. He has been hurt in so many relationships he doesn't want to get hurt again but this gives him a wake-up call about what he wants from his latest romance. Wanting to make it work with Adi, the wannabe paramedic apologises to his partner and tells him they should go and view the flat together. Making a point about how far he is willing to commit, Marty tells his boyfriend this is as much as he can give at the moment. Unfortunately, in the coming weeks, it could be the couple begin to argue over the different futures they have planned. This could ultimately make the beloved nurse realise things have moved too quick with his partner and they are not on the same page. In a heartbreaking twist, he could call an end to their relationship and decide he needs to go and explore the world a bit more. With a confidence he didn't have when he turned up in Holby four years ago, this could be a full-circle moment for Marty. DON'T MISS...Holby City legend Amanda Mealing details whether Connie will return [INTERVIEW]Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT] There has been no official word on whether Marty would be leaving the show as many cast exits are not announced until the character makes their exit. This is what could be planned for Marty, as it has been previously revealed he was going to be a character to watch over the coming weeks. He is featured in the trailer for the Spring episodes looking loved up with Adi but could this be a juxtaposition for what is really going to happen? The actor who plays Marty and former EastEnders star, Shaheen, spoke about how long his character would be sticking around for when he first joined the show. Shaheen said ahead of his casting in the role: "Casualty is happening for a good while and then who knows?" "I don’t really like to plan ahead, even when I was at EastEnders, I focused on the path I was on which I saw as building up to this incredible storyline at the end," he explained in an interview with Metro.co.uk. "You just have to go with it, do everything to the best of your ability and the future will reveal itself. "At the moment, I am just really enjoying Casualty and so excited to be there," he commented but could four years have been enough for the character to make his mark on the show? The actor has also previously spoken out about his character's stance when it comes to romance and whether he would be able to hold down a relationship. Shaheen explained: "I mean, I can’t say I’m the best when it comes to romantic situations myself. I’m 23, I still have loads to figure out!" "But Marty’s just a hopeless romantic, and he needs to start thinking with his head rather than his heart," he said in an interview with Inside Soap. "Marty has a void that he needs to fill after coming out and not being accepted by his dad," the soap star explained two years ago. A lot of time has since passed and the character has matured a lot, learning from his experiences with men, both his age and older. Will the beloved character walk away into the sunset with a broken heart, or will he stay and make his relationship work? Casualty continues tonight with a double bill beginning at 8:40pm on BBC One.