The Brexit Opportunities minister wants the Government to scrap plans for all goods sold in Britain to stamped with the "UKCA" quality assurance mark if they have already been given the EU's "CE" approval. He sees the doubling up of regulations as unnecessary bureaucracy that will negatively impact businesses that should thrive in post-Brexit. But a row has broken out over Mr Rees-Mogg's plans, with No10 confirming they will introduce the UKCA mark from January 1 next year as planned. A Downing Street spokesperson said: "Products with the CE mark will require a UKCA mark from January 1 next year." The slapdown came after Mr Rees-Mogg told The Times in an interview last weekend: "If a widget is a good and effective widget, why do we need to put the cost on companies of testing it twice? "Doubling up on regulation is a non-tariff barrier. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG "And it will be very bad for the UK because people will simply say, well, we’re not going to bother with that market." Mr Rees-Mogg was appointed to the Brexit Opportunities brief earlier this month. He is a full member of the Cabinet, giving him a say on decision making at the top table of Government. In his new role he has been tasked with stripping out unnecessary regulation that will hinder businesses. The Government wants to use freedom from EU rules as a chance to free up businesses. Ministers believe the plans will make Britain more attractive to investors on the world stage and make it the beating heart of innovation and development. DON'T MISS:PM has been bullied by EU over Brexit - now Truss is about to do same [COMMENT]Ask Ann Widdecombe YOUR burning questions on Boris, Brexit and more [ENGAGE]Britain leads the world while EU lags behind - our Covid win is proof [INSIGHT] Prime Minister Boris Johnson promised in 2022 the Government would bring forward a Brexit Freedoms Bill that would strip out £1billion of unnecessary costs on businesses. Downing Street insisted the UKCA mark would be introduced despite the implementation having already been delayed twice after business pressure. An ally of Mr Rees-Mogg admitted to Express.co.uk that there would be clashes with other ministers as he looks to turn his vision of Brexit into reality. "The good thing about Jacob having a full Cabinet role rather than just attending Cabinet is he has some weight now," they said. "He can actually push for things. "There will be battles ahead though." Mr Rees-Mogg has called on the public to let him know which unnecessary rules and regulations they want to be ditched. He wants to work with businesses and members of the public to unleash the potential of Britain.