French health authorities are tightening up restrictions for fully-vaccinated people by changing the time limits for getting a booster dose of the vaccine, it's been claimed. This move means millions of French, as well as many tourists, would lose access to entertainment venues, as well as some forms of transport. Here are France’s new vaccine pass rules in full.  On Tuesday February 14, 2022 the rules for the French vaccination pass are changing, according to Franceinfo. The French Ministry of Health estimated between four and five million French people will lose their vaccination pass due to the changes. In France, a vaccination pass - or pass vaccinal - is mandatory for entry to many tourist venues, bars, cafes and long-distance trains. According to the vaccination pass, you have to have had three jabs in order to count as fully-vaccinated.  READ MORE: ‘We were always starving’: Expats in Spain say ‘eating hours’ make it hard to adapt From Tuesday, the time limit for getting a booster done after your second jab is being reduced from seven to four months, meaning more than four million French people will immediately lose their vaccination status. This means if you haven’t had your booster yet, and your last vaccination or infection from Covid was more than four months ago, your vaccination pass will be deactivated. This rule applies to anyone who is over the age of 18 years and one month. According to French rules, the booster shot can only be given three months after someone has recovered from their second injection or from a Covid infection. DON'T MISSCornwall tourists hit by huge price hike [ANGER] Kids are kings here': Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' [INSIGHT]  So for the four to five million French people who haven’t had their booster yet, and four months has already passed since their last infection or injection, they will see their pass expire on February 15 as the rules change. This is also exacerbated because you have to wait seven days after your vaccine for the vaccination pass to become vaccinated. If, on your holiday to France, you want to access venues like restaurants, bars, museums and sport venues - including ski lifts - and long-distance transport, you will need the pass vaccinal. DON'T MISS:Cruise guests complain about ‘trashy’ and ‘entitled’ fellow passenger [UPDATE]Lanzarote pleads with Spain to drop entry rules for Britons [INSIGHT]France erupts in chaos as bitter anti-Macron journey begins [REACTION]  According to the GOV.UK advice for Britons travelling to France, British travellers are bound by the same rules French citizens are. Its guidance said: “From 15 February 2022, the delay for receiving a booster to maintain pass validity will reduce from seven to four months. “This applies to visiting tourists and those residing in France. “You can access the QR code for your booster in the same way as for previous injections.”  To enter France, fully-vaccinated travellers will need to bring proof of a negative PCR or antigen Covid test, as well as complete a “sworn statement” confirming they do not have any Covid symptoms. Vaccinated travellers will also need to fill out a passenger locator form. If you are not fully-vaccinated, you will need to isolate for 10 days after arriving in France, as well as provide proof of a negative PCR or antigen test. Children under the age of 17 have to follow the same procedure as fully-vaccinated travellers, regardless of vaccination status. 