To make it absolutely plain: no politician nor public servant should be subjected to that sort of distressing treatment. But to pretend it was inspired by Boris Johnson’s clumsy and ill-judged allegation that Sir Keir had failed to prosecute paedophile Jimmy Savile is for the birds. However, as it is open season on the PM at the moment, any slur will do. Witness the absurd lunacy drummed-up over the picture that emerged late last week of Johnson with two of his staff at “that” Christmas quiz. It was meant to be the smoking gun to bring him down. I don’t know about you, but one bottle of Prosecco, half a packet of cheese and onion crisps, a string of tinsel and a bottle of hand gel are hardly the stuff of a Berlusconi- style bunga bunga party! But back to those troubling scenes in Westminster last week and the queue of those on the Left demanding Johnson apologise. If you apply the old adage that “those who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones”, it’s fair to say much of the Labour party seem to be living in Kew Gardens. First up is Labour’s Chris Bryant, usually among their shrewdest performers, who has the unenviable task of chairing the Commons standards committee (yes, unbelievably there is such a thing). He declared piously: “We know how this plays out when politicians go down this deeply cynical route, because we saw it in the US. It is exactly the same as Donald Trump’s playbook.” And this from “exactly the same” politician who, just two years ago, had to apologise “unreservedly” for his over-the-top heckling during parliamentary proceedings, and his attitude towards the Speaker after claims – which he denied – he had told Sir Lindsay Hoyle to “**** off”. Going further up the Labour tree and to the current Deputy Leader, Angela Rayner. Last September late one night at her party conference she described Conservatives as “homophobic, racist, misogynistic...scum.” Possibly fuelled by that outburst, prominent Tory Jacob Rees-Mogg had the word “Scum” daubed on the front door of his home. Rees-Mogg also needed police protection from a baying mob in Westminster, similar to the one that targeted Sir Keir. Even his children have been heckled and harassed. And another Conservative, Michael Gove, has had to rely on the police to ensure an angry mob didn’t cause him any harm. Arguably, for the worst of the lot, you only need to go back to when Labour’s then shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, repeated a comment concerning Tory Esther McVey that said “why are we sacking her, why aren’t we lynching the *******?” Politics has always been an ugly business and tempers often flare. Remember John Prescott flattening one demonstrator with a deftly-delivered right hook, and the tribal cheering that erupted the night Michael Portillo lost his seat in 1997? But this new and ugly toxicity can be laid at the door of one thing: Brexit. The outcome of the referendum and subsequent discourse split the nation and brought about a seismic change in how debate is handled across the nation. And the despicable twisting and turning of Parliament to try to thwart that clear mandate incensed everyone on every side. That fury helped collapse the “red wall” and propel Boris Johnson to an awesome 80-seat majority. If he survives these inquiries, he needs to remember that when he attempts to win back the nation. How bold is Boris? We might be about to find out. -------------------------------------------------------- Staff at Bristol University have been told to learn how to address students who identify as cats. Yes, you did read that correctly. The “cam-puss” of one of the country’s top 20 universities is seemingly morphing into the stage for one of the West End’s greatest hits, with Macavity and Mr Mistoffelees starring in Cats, The Musical. When will this extraordinarily over-indulged generation grow up and realise how damned fortunate they are? As they wrestle with the thorny issue of whether they might be a cat, generations immediately preceding them have had no option but to deal with mortgages of 15 percent or more, soaring inflation, pay freezes, job shortages, financial crises or even war. Not wishing any of the above on today’s youngsters, perhaps they might reflect on some of the realities of life just listed and not waste time on self-indulgent absurdities such asthinking they are felines. -------------------------------------------------------- The mantra to “follow the money” holds in news stories as much as it does in police investigations. When cat-kicking footballer’s vile behaviour was exposed, he should have been suspended immediately. Instead, in a crass error of judgment that calls into question exactly how West Ham runs its business, he was picked to play on the night the story broke. Sponsors were quick to bail and who can blame them? Your logo on a man who enjoys cruelty to animals is not a good look. The club deserved to be “hammered” about their woeful decision-making. -------------------------------------------------------- Credit where it is undoubtedly due. London Mayor Sadiq Khan was 100 percent right to read the riot act to beleaguered Metropolitan Police Commissioner Dame Cressida Dick and give her a time limit by which she had to show she would get the lamentable situation at Scotland Yard under control. Within hours of that ultimatum, she chose to step down. Note to her other boss, Home Secretary Priti Patel: You supposedly relish being tough talking. Yet you stayed silent over the Commissioner’s incompetence and even extended her contract. You’ve been well and truly bested by the Mayor on this one. -------------------------------------------------------- At the General Election of 1997 and after 18 years in power, the Conservatives with John Major at the helm were wiped out at the polls as Tony Blair swept to power, inflicting one of the largest ever electoral defeats. The Tories had been riddled with sleaze, surrounded by ministers quitting due to incompetence or sex scandals, split over Europe and responsible for crashing the pound due to a calamitous decision over the Exchange Rate Mechanism. So Major thought he could regain the nation’s support by holding election rallies on a soapbox and appealing to traditional British values of cricket on the village green and a pint in the pub. It was subsequently revealed he was having an affair with a close colleague behind his wife’s back. Breaking the unwritten pact that previous Prime Ministers should always seek to avoid trashing their successors, Sir John tore into Boris over Partygate and accused him of asking us to “believe the unbelievable”. The only thing unbelievable, chum, is that anyone ever saw you fit to run the country.