Eurovision Song Contest organisers have backtracked on their decision to allow Russia to participate in this summer's event. The announcement, from The European Broadcasting Union (EBU), comes less than 24 hours after bosses of the contest released a statement saying they had no plans to prevent Russia from taking part in the competition. The EBU's decision to axe Russia from the event comes "in light of the unprecedented crisis in Ukraine".   A statement issued by the EBU on Friday afternoon read: "The decision reflects concern that, in light of the unprecedented crisis in Ukraine, the inclusion of a Russian entry in this year’s Contest would bring the competition into disrepute. "Before making this decision the EBU took time to consult widely among its membership." The statement added the union is an "apolitical member organisation of broadcasters" committed to "upholding the values of public service". READ MORE: Denise Welch erupts over Ant and Dec drag backlash: 'Cancel fun!' "We remain dedicated to protecting the values of a cultural competition which promotes international exchange and understanding, brings audiences together, celebrates diversity through music and unites Europe on one stage," it added. The decision to axe Russia from the popular singing competition was made following a recommendation earlier on Friday by the Eurovision Song Contest's governing body, the Reference Group, based on the rules of the event. The union's original statement, issued on Thursday, explained Russia would not be banned as Eurovision was a "non-political cultural event which unites nations and celebrates diversity through music”. However, Thursday's announcement was met with criticism from fans of the competition and organisations.  Many countries called on the EBU to axe Russia and Dutch broadcaster Avrotos, the co-organiser of last year's Eurovision, supported Ukraine by urging the EBU to reconsider. Finland also said it would boycott the event if Russia was allowed to take part. The calls come after the Russian President ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine earlier this week. Russia had not yet announced its act for the 2022 Eurovision.  DON'T MISS...Russia will compete at Eurovision despite attacks on Ukraine [LATEST]Ukraine social media 'more concerned with Eurovision than invasion' [UPDATE]Brotherhood of Man's Martin Lee aims swipe at modern day Eurovision [MUST SEE]  The 66th edition of the singing competition is set to take place in Turin in May after Italian rock band Maneskin won last year's contest. Alina Pash, who was chosen to represent Ukraine in the contest withdrew from representing her country just last week after facing scrutiny over a reported visit to Russia-occupied Crimea. The star was due to perform Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors but pulled out after details of the 2015 trip emerged. People who enter the territory via Russia are considered by Ukraine to have "illegally" crossed the border.  On Friday, Mr Putin called on Ukraine's military to overthrow the government. It's been widely reported Russian troops are in Kyiv's northern outskirts and have taken Hostomel airport just outside the city. However, the Ministry of Defence for the UK has claimed the majority of Russian forces are about 50km away from the city centre. The Eurovision Song Contest is being held on May 10 at 8pm. 