A new report by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation found that 400,000 people may be “pulled into poverty” due to real-term cuts to benefits in April. The UK Government plans to uprate benefit payments through the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) by only 3.1 percent in a few months' time. This coincides with inflation forecast to hit 7.1 percent, which means this will impact the incomes of millions of households by at least £500 annually. Already, households are experiencing a 30-year low in incomes after a decade of austerity and the removal of the £20 uplift to Universal Credit. Originally, the Universal Credit increase was introduced as a Covid-era support measure during the early days of the pandemic. While nine million low-income households on means-tested benefits will experience the £500 cut, couple households with children will lose £720 per year. Furthermore, pensioner couples will experience a £540 cut annually once the true impact of the inflation rise hits in April. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim On top of this, regulator Ofgem announced earlier this year that the energy price cap could reach as high as £2,000 a year. This means households could also experience an energy bill rise of close to £700 without access to crucial benefits support, like the Universal Credit uplift. The Joseph Rowntree Foundation is now lobbying the UK Government to hike its benefits in line with the Bank of England’s forecast of seven percent inflation by April. According to the think tank, this must be introduced to combat rising energy bills and the soaring costs of living. Peter Matejic, the deputy director of Evidence and Impact at the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, explained why recent benefit cuts will do more harm than good to low income households. Mr Matejic said: “At a time when the case for support could not be clearer, the Government is choosing to further erode the value of benefits that are already wholly inadequate. “People on the lowest incomes have already experienced a decade of cuts and freezes, followed by an overnight cut of £1,000 last autumn. “The decision not to uprate benefits in line with inflation represents another cut for millions of people whose incomes will now fall even further behind the cost of living. “There can be no justification for this. Our social security system should protect people from harm, not put them in danger.” Aside from the report’s findings, the poverty expert called on the UK Government to change its current social security plans to factor in the likely impact of inflation. “The Government must change course and ensure that benefit levels reflect the higher rate of inflation we are all now experiencing. “There is no doubt that a failure to do so will leave more people in our society unable to meet their most basic needs.” A Government spokesperson said: “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next, to help households with the cost of living. “This includes putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit and boosting the minimum wage by more than £1,000 a year for full-time workers. “We have also announced a further £9billion to protect against the impact of rising global energy prices and our £500million household support fund is helping the most vulnerable with essential costs this winter.”