The major disruptions caused by the storm as well as chilling winds could see eligible households claiming Cold Weather Payments from the DWP. Due to the severe weather, thousands of households have experience electricity disruption and eligible Britons can claim up to £700 for the outages. Severe weather warnings have been issued by the Met Office as temperatures could drop below freezing across the country with some areas forecast to have negative five degrees this weekend. Inverness, Aberdeen and Wick are forecast to experience the worst of the cold weather which could see households eligible for £25 Cold Weather Payments. Cold Weather Payments are triggered when areas experience temperatures below zero degrees for seven consecutive days. Alongside this, the thousands of households who have experienced power outages due to the storm could claim up to £700 in compensation.  To be eligible for Cold Weather Payments, a person must be claiming one of the following benefits: These £25 payments are automatic although households that have a child under the age of five may have to claim. The Gov.uk website offers a free online postcode checker, where households can input their postcode to see if there has been a Cold Weather Payment trigger in their area. Eligible households that have had a trigger in their postcode can expect the payment in the bank or building society account where their usual benefit payments are made within 14 working days of the trigger. Anyone who believes they are eligible and have noted a trigger in their area but have not received their payment are advised to contact Jobcentre Plus or Pension Service. Households left without electricity due to the storm can claim compensation for the outages. As the weather is classed as a severe storm, electricity distribution companies have 48 hours after the supply fails to restore connection. Following this milestone, households that still don’t have power are automatically due £70. Every consecutive 12 hours after the 48 hour mark that households still don’t have power entitles them to an additional £70 payment. This compensation amount can increase every 12 hours up until the cap of £700. This compensation is available as the outage is due to a severe storm and was not a planned outage. Citizen’s Advice noted that households left without power must make their claim within three months of the disruption. The extreme storm has wreaked havoc across the UK as businesses, schools and public transport was shut. It has been described as one of the worst storms seen in the past three decades and severe flooding has also started in Germany as Storm Eunice makes its start through Europe.