There’s been much debate over the years over how much of a help or hindrance Colonel Tom Parker was to Elvis Presley’s career. The illegal Dutch immigrant had his Machiavellian ways, refusing to compromise in talks for projects that in the long run could have greatly benefitted his sole client. At the same time, he was admired as something of a genius businessman when it came to selling The King’s brand. Whatever fans may think, one of Elvis’ cousins who grew up at Graceland strongly feels his superstar relative would have got to the top with or without his manager. Speaking on the Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel, Danny Smith (the son of Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith) said: “The way I feel about it is… I’m sorry The Colonel did not make Elvis Presley. The best I remember, Elvis wasn’t looking for a manager, the manager was looking for him. But with that being said, Elvis Presley was already special. [He] had a God-given talent, looks, charisma and something that none of us could ever explain. He was destined to be.” He then went on to share who he truly believes made The King a star. Danny said: “In my opinion, y’all, and when I say y’all I mean the fans and Elvis’ following, that’s what made Elvis Presley with a combination of what he already had if that makes sense. Elvis would have went on maybe faster or maybe a little slower, but he was going to go on and be who he was regardless of who his manager was in my opinion. And also, it aggravates me because, like I said, your fans and your following is what makes entertainer, actor, athlete, whatever. If we’re not buying tickets to support these people and go to their shows or go to their games or their concerts, then they’re not going to go very far. I’ve heard it back and forth for a long time. But I mean that’s just the way it is. The Colonel didn’t make Elvis Presley. Elvis Presley was Elvis Presley and [was] made by his fans and his following. That’s just the way I feel about it.” But not every prominent figure in the Elvis World today agrees with Danny. Elvis expert Billy Stallings Spa Guy recently considered the historical accuracy of the new Elvis movie trailer. In the YouTube video, he said: “I’m a believer that no Colonel, no Elvis. Those two were together. When I think of Elvis, I think of The Colonel. It was almost like a 50/50 thing and I don’t mean that financially.” He added that it was a myth that Parker had taken half of The King’s earnings. Interestingly, Baz Luhrmann’s upcoming movie is going examine the relationship between Elvis and The Colonel. DON'T MISSElvis final years: Lifestyle changes remembered by Memphis Mafia [FINAL YEARS]Elvis: Johnny Cash glad he respected King's privacy in later years [JOHNNY CASH]Elvis and Lisa Marie’s bedrooms: Fun memories upstairs at Graceland [LISA MARIE] The Elvis movie director feels that The King represented the creativity of the fusion of country and African-American music, while The Colonel embodied America’s big sell. Speaking with the Australian Financial Review, Baz said: “The tension between the two is great when they’re in balance. But when they’re thrown out of balance, and it just becomes about exploiting and selling and ceases to be creative, then the world’s out of whack ... and the world seemed to move that way some years ago.” Elvis starring Austin Butler as The King and Tom Hanks as The Colonel hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.