A recent Government proposal would raise the age threshold for free medication in England from 60 to the state pension age, which is 66. The result of this would see tens of thousands of over 60s unable to receive a vital “freebie” benefit they would otherwise have been eligible for. Specifically, organisations such as Age UK are sounding the alarm that unpaid carers would be hit hardest if the state pension rule change was made law. One in four people between the ages of 60 to 65 are unpaid carers for a loved one, which is around 860,000 people. On top of this, of this group, less than one in 10 are in receipt of financial assistance from benefit payments such as Carer’s Allowance. Some 56 percent of carers in this over 60s group who are not currently in paid employment will have stopped working to look after a loved one. While some may be able to qualify for exemptions on their prescription costs, many will have to find alternative ways of paying for NHS medication. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Age UK is calling on the UK Government to not go ahead with its proposal to raise the threshold to the state pension age. The charity believes the decision will be a “kick in the teeth” to over 60s and unpaid carers who are in need of crucial support following the pandemic. As well as this, unpaid carers in this age group will have to pay for both their own medication and the prescriptions of their loved ones, which will prove to be even more difficult. One woman told Age UK: “I had to give up work at 58 to care for my husband who has severe Alzheimer’s. I don’t yet qualify for my state pension and only get Carer’s Allowance, so money is always tight.  “We already spend a small fortune on care costs, costs associated with incontinence, extra on heating, water for washing etc. Paying for prescriptions would cause issues.” Nearly 40,000 people responded to the Department for Health and Social Care’s consultation into the proposal within four weeks through Age UK’s website. The report outlines how the policy change will affect different areas of England, notably the Red Wall constituencies in the Midlands and North of England. Currently, free prescriptions are in place for those living in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland; while those in England still need to pay. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, is calling on the UK Government to scrap its state pension age proposal and get rid of prescription costs all together in England to help those most in need. Ms Abrahams explained: “The Government cannot have it both ways: if it is serious about valuing carers – people who sacrifice so much and who save the country billions a year as a result – it should shelve the idea of making any 60-65 year old who is not exempt pay for their prescriptions, after many years of them being free. “There is ample evidence showing that older carers often struggle with their own health problems, so making them start paying for their medication simply risks them becoming even less fit and well. “When a carer’s health breaks down and they are unable to continue to care then this is not only bad news for them and their loved one, it piles extra pressure on our beleaguered health and care system too. “So why is the Department of Health and Social Care considering adopting a policy that makes carer breakdown more likely, and at a time when we are not yet out of the woods of the pandemic?” “The adverse impact on older carers of this policy proposal adds to our sense that it has not been properly thought through.” To help her point, the charity’s representative emphasised how much money the NHS would save if they expanded the eligibility criteria for free prescriptions. She added “One senior doctor told me it was a ‘ridiculous idea’, because it is so likely to be self-defeating. “The money the NHS saves from making more people buy their medication is almost certain to be outweighed by the costs of treating health conditions that worsen because some 60-65 year olds adhere less rigorously to their prescribed treatment regimes.” “Fortunately it’s not too late for the Government to change its mind. We are urging the Secretary of State to drop a bad idea which flies in the face of other Government priorities, one which was developed before he joined the Department.”