A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman took to Instagram and revealed her injury in a horror photo. The Channel 4 property expert has been enjoying a family getaway with her husband Jon Boast and the couple's two children, daughter Joy, and son Albion. Taking to the picture-sharing site, Jasmine quizzed her 99,900 followers about her accident. Taking to Instagram stories, the 46-year-old uploaded a candid snap of her injury. Looking fresh faced with no make-up, the mum-of-two could be seen with her teeth clenched together as blood could be seen in her mouth. Her bottom lip was also covered in blood as the presenter appeared to have bitten her lip quite severely. READ MORE: Jamal Edwards selfless act for mum Brenda after her cancer diagnosis She captioned the picture with three options as she quizzed her followers on how they believed she suffered the injury. Jasmine wrote: "What did I collide with?" The presenter added three options, writing: "A- Big bouncy dog? B - A little bouncy boy? C - A bouncy champagne cork?"  The Channel 4 star has not yet confirmed how she suffered the injury but took to social media to share the gory picture.  The cryptic post comes after Jasmine shared a sweet family photo alongside her other half and their two children as they recently enjoyed a getaway. The family-of-four beamed for the heartwarming photo as they sported their holiday outfits. The A Place In The Sun presenter took the opportunity to address her social media absence yesterday. Taking to the picture-sharing site, Jasmine wrote: "So lovely to have a relaxing holiday with my family, and a little holiday from social media! DON'T MISS... Jamal Edwards selfless act for mum Brenda after her cancer diagnosis[LATEST]Loose Women's Charlene White's heartbreak over Jamal Edwards death[TRIBUTES]'Will he regret it?' Naga jibes co-star after replacing BBC host[TV] "Sometimes it’s hard to step away from busy work and life, but you’ll never regret time spent with loved ones; it’s so precious." Jasmine added the hashtags: "#family #familytime #holiday #holidays #preciousmoments #halfterm #happy #love." Social media users flocked to the comment section, as they gushed over the sweet photo. Joanie wrote: "Absolutely fabulous perfect holiday photo. Enjoy your time happy days." Ollie commented: "Beautiful family photo." Bill and Jayne remarked: "Hope you all had an amazing time. Family is the best gift of all." Lorraine added: "Beautiful photo. One for the memory book." A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm. 