Ben Shephard welcomed four hopefuls onto the ITV game show Tipping Point only to be left with one final contender who didn't have much luck with the coins. Nix, Jim and Junaid were pipped to the showdown by Jim, and after "passing" his way to the end, his performance fell short. The 47-year-old host was left gritting his teeth with frustrating contender Jim. Although his general knowledge was good, he failed to master the machine's timing, with many counters scoring zero coins. Soon realising that pressing the release button at the right time was not his strength, he joked: "My timing's all over the place." Ben went one step further and said: "Your timing is shocking, honestly." Read More:Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute to colleague Referencing a previous question in the show, he elaborated: "That clock in Prague that's been around for hundreds of years keeps better time than you." Jim just laughed as he nervously watched on to see if he could score any additional coins before going through to the final round. Knocking Junaid out, his last question to top up his funds failed to move a single black or silver counter. Looking to increase his pool of money, he dedicated his last go to his fallen comrade, who had tried their luck at drop zone four: "In honour of you, I shall go for four, please." When he failed to score, Ben added: "Oh Jim, we'll work on that; we've got a break to work on it. "Despite your poor efforts with the release, you are our winner today Jim." Fans were amazed that he made it that far as he passed many questions which other contestants just happened to blunder. Frustrated viewer David Johnson tweeted: "Jim, have you never seen this game before? Did you never go to Blackpool pleasure beach as a kid? Timing is everything. #tippingpoint". DON’T MISS…'My rock' Phillip Schofield details changes to family life in rare TV chat with wife Steph [LATEST]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery 'mum and dad' teacher row [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of favour with fans [LATEST]  @carlt_61 spotted his tactics: "Pass pass pass pass pass. There's a theme going on here #tippingpoint." Jim seemed to master the timing more by the final few questions; Nick Allsorts commented: "He got The Knack. But also hasn't! #TippingPoint." (sic) Scally Doorsy was proud of his efforts: "Still not a bad amount to win #tippingpoint. " Hoping to score big in the final few moments, Jim racked up £2,650.   Things went from bad to terrible as he failed to secure most of the specialist topic questions. Towards the end, he accepted defeat and changed his game plan: "I really don't think I will get the jackpot out, so I will go for three, please." As predicted, the jackpot counter stayed firmly out of grasp, and when asked, he jumped at the chance to take the money instead of the additional all or nothing coins. Tipping Point airs weekdays on ITV at 4 pm.