John Barnes has warned Liverpool against bowing to each and every demand made by Mohamed Salah in their negotiations over a new contract for the Egyptian ace. Salah is currently tied down until the end of next season but is yet to extend his stay at Anfield after months of unproductive talks with the club's hierarchy. The 29-year-old has enjoyed a stunning campaign to date after scoring 27 goals in all competitions.He has also chipped in with 10 assists for the Reds and came agonisingly close to securing continental glory at the Africa Cup of Nations with Egypt last month.However, Salah's long-term future is still hanging in the balance in spite of Liverpool's attempts to keep him at the club with a new and improved contract.The forward is currently in a strong bargaining position to secure a mega-money deal but Barnes is adamant that Liverpool must avoid paying over the odds."If Mohamed Salah wants a 10-year contract, that takes him up until he’s 40 years old and he wants £300,000 a week, should Liverpool really accept that? Of course not," Barnes told BonusCodeBets. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte feels 'privately let down' by stars "Liverpool cannot accept every single contractual demand; they are making the right decision [by not giving in]. They are simply looking at Salah’s age."They love Mo, and they want him to stay, but there must be a compromise on both sides. If he was 28 and wanted a five-year contract, then fair enough."The days of just accepting a player’s every contract demand are gone."It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will eventually manage to strike an agreement with Salah, who joined the club in a £34million move from Roma back in 2017. He has already explained that he does not believe his demands are unreasonable and insisted that he would rather stay at Anfield than seek a move elsewhere in the near future."I want to stay, but it’s not in my hands, it’s in their hands," Salah told GQ in a wide-ranging interview last month."They know what I want, I’m not asking for crazy stuff. The thing is when you ask for something and they show you they can give you something because they appreciate what you did for the club."I’ve been here for my fifth year now. I know the club very well, I love the fans, the fans love me."But with the administration, they have [been] told the situation, it’s in their hands." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Meanwhile, Liverpool defender Andy Robertson recently urged the club to work hard in order to keep hold of Salah, who the Scot believes is up there with the best players in the world."I hope that I can continue to play with him," Robertson told Sky Sports."I love playing with Mo and I love playing with all the lads around me and you don't want to see anyone leave."Let's leave it up to the club and Mo. I'm sure everyone's trying to get to an agreement that can work for everyone."Hopefully they can reach a solution because if he's not the world's best, he's definitely in the discussion for it and they're the type of players you want at this club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here