Belly fat reduction comes down to a number of different mechanisms in the body. When certain foods are digested, they can either help or hinder the weight loss road. Alkaline versus acid is one theory which could affect weight loss. Could a more alkaline diet help you to get rid of your visceral fat and what does it entail? The theory behind the alkaline diet is that some foods, such as meat, wheat, refined sugar, and processed foods, cause the body to produce acid. Health experts hypothesise that by eating specific foods that make your body more alkaline can protect against various conditions as well as burning belly fat. The diet's premise in targeting belly fat lies greatly on the fact that you are replacing high-calorie foods that don’t fill you up with low-calorie, high-quality foods that do. READ MORE: Doctor’s warning: The common mistake when having a poo that can ‘cause haemorrhoids’  A pH level measures how acid or alkaline certain foods are. A pH of 0 is totally acidic, while a pH of 14 is completely alkaline and a pH of 7 is neutral. “Your blood is slightly alkaline, with a pH between 7.35 and 7.45,” said WebMD. The health site added: “Your stomach is very acidic, with a pH of 3.5 or below, so it can break down food. “The alkaline diet claims to help your body maintain its blood pH level. “In fact, nothing you eat is going to substantially change the pH of your blood. Your body works to keep that level constant. “But the foods you're supposed to eat on the alkaline diet are good for you and will support a healthy weight loss.”  What can you eat on the alkaline diet: What are off limits: Ross Bridgeford, bestselling author of Alkaline Reset Cleanse discusses the hindering weight loss factor of too much acid in the body. “Growing research suggests it’s often the main factor driving weight gain, fatigue, premature ageing and countless health problems,” he said. “Once the build-up is gone, you let go of fat easily and feel much better. “Plus, you continue to transform for months, even if your diet isn’t perfect.” Other potential health conditions which can be treated from an alkaline diet include: