Marcus Wareing, 51, has compared himself to that of "naive and stupid" Jeremy Clarkson, 61, admitting watching him struggle to learn the ropes of being a farmer on his Amazon Prime show Clarkson's Farm, resonated rather close to home. It comes as his new ten-part BBC2 series Tales from a Kitchen Garden, follows him as he gets to grips with growing produce and raising livestock; something he too, has a lot to learn about. "This series isn’t just a cookery show. It’s me going on a path of discovery – a combination of farming, gardening and cookery," he explained to Radio Times in a new interview. "I respect produce more now. It’s about generating a better product. "I thought I worked hard but my God, farming is tough. "Farmers don’t get enough respect." READ MORE: Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation And that's exactly the conclusion Jeremy came to at the end of his own show, where he realised just how hard and financially difficult it is. "I'm like him – naive, stupid, not sure of what I’m doing, yet knowing what I want," Marcus giggled of The Grand Tour host. "The difference is he’s trying to make money and highlighting how hard that is for farmers, while for me it’s about the resulting dish. "He goes big with everything – tractors, whatever – and lives on the farm, whereas I can’t be here every day. "So I’m tiptoeing into it." But growing produce is in his blood it seems, as his father was a fruit and potato merchant who had contracts with schools to provide their produce for school dinners. In his own kitchen garden, the Michelin-starred chef has begun to grow his own celeriac, asparagus, elephant garlic, pumpkins and artichokes. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] On top of that, he has an apple orchard with gooseberries, raspberries and rhubarb and 11 beehives. Furthermore, he carefully tends to his lavender garden, a key ingredient in the series, and cares for half a dozen plump chickens which lay "tons" of eggs daily. "I’m the son of a fruit and potato merchant, yet I’d never grown anything before this," he explained. "In all the years I’ve worked in restaurant kitchens, produce was just something that turned up at the kitchen door. "Now I’m growing produce for my restaurant, and for my own kitchen." Marcus' full interview is available to read now in Radio Times.