While it remains incomplete until the police investigation is concluded, its contents – including scolding lines such as “Against the backdrop of the pandemic... some of the behaviour surrounding these gatherings is difficult to justify” – made it a tough day for the Prime Minister. In the Commons, Boris Johnson once again heard a call for his resignation from Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, and also took blue-on-blue fire from Theresa May. A lot of sound and fury then, and perhaps it did signify something. But, at the same time, the Government has a serious job and this week will be remembered as being instrumental in bringing forward innovative plans that have been kept back by the Covid pandemic. The launch of the Brexit Freedoms Bill is one such move. With a plan to cut £1billion in lingering EU red tape expenses, it was delivered on the second anniversary of Brexit day and in a stroke revived the optimism of that moment, showing the Government’s renewed intent to speed up the process of ridding the UK of the EU’s dead hand. The next initiative, more wide-ranging yet, is the Levelling Up White Paper, to be published tomorrow. The pledge to breathe new life into disadvantaged communities and heal the UK’s long-term divide is fronted by Michael Gove, and aims to rebalance the country by regenerating 20 needy areas including Wolverhampton and Sheffield. Set to start in April, it proposes infrastructure benefits, a £1.5bn plan to build homes on brownfield sites and the renewal of regional railway stations. These policy initiatives are good examples of joined-up thinking.  See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest They look at need, connectivity, business opportunities and decent homes in places associated with lower horizons, reversing dyed-in geographical inequalities. And they will be helped along by streamlined new benefits such as Mayoral Combined Authorities (MCAs), freeports and better digital infrastructure. As we come out of Covid, the pace of change may become dizzying. Let’s not get stuck in a tit-for-tat rut now. IT IS scarcely believable that under two years ago people were denied the opportunity to see loved ones in care homes. Now that the pandemic has thawed and unlimited visitors are allowed back into homes, it was heartwarming to see families reunited in the winter sun. The rules were vital at the time, but it is now the case that we must live with Covid while remaining as safe as we can. Part of a healthy life is social contact and we should try to ensure that such isolation can never happen again. 