Valtteri Bottas has ended his five-year spell at Mercedes to join Alfa Romeo's team ahead of the upcoming Formula One season. And the Finnish driver has expressed how being behind Lewis Hamilton in the pecking order was 'difficult to take'. Bottas, 32, came second in the 2019 and 2020 seasons after a successful stint for the Germany-based outfit. His efforts helped Mercedes win an unprecedented five consecutive Constructors' Championships to add to their three wins before he joined. He has since moved to Alfa Romeo to become their lead man, alongside F1 debutant Guanyu Zhou And his decision to move this season comes after he told of how he wanted to be the 'lead man' in a team after playing second-fiddle to Hamilton in his five-year spell. READ MORE: Four things we learned as Tottenham beat Man City 3-2 in Premier League classic  “When I joined Mercedes, it was difficult for me to take the lead because of Lewis being there," Bottas told the Sun. “With him being in the team, it was always difficult for me to take that lead role. “So now it is different and a fresh start for me — and having that lead role is a good feeling. “A part of me is always going to miss working at Mercedes. Now I have started looking back at my time there, I have tried to take all the positive moments we had. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “There were great moments and I enjoyed working with Lewis and Toto, but I am also really excited for my new chapter. “I’m sure with the experience I have with Williams and after five years at Mercedes, I will be able to help the team move forward. "I feel really comfortable with my role. Yes, there is a responsibility and I have commitments to the team, but it is exciting.” Hamilton will look to avenge his controversial Drivers' Championship loss to Max Verstappen with a win in the coming season.  The Brit lost on the last lap of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after a call for Verstappen to unlap other cars was sanctioned. FIA director Michael Masi has since been demoted over the incident. The new season starts on March 20 in Bahrain.