Mackenzie Hargreaves (played by Georgie Stone) and Zara Selwyn (Freya Van Dyke) are not the best of friends on Neighbours as the former is convinced the newcomer is trying to seduce her boyfriend, Hendrix Greyson (Benny Turland). The two youngsters have tried to be friends but this latest hurdle has made it clear they will never be able to be civil to one another. However, when a fire rages through the halls of Erinsborough High in upcoming scenes on the Channel 5 soap, the pair find themselves in grave danger and they could end up being killed off together. The drama begins next week on the serial drama as Amy Greenwood (Jacinta Stapleton) is having to think about whether she sends her daughter Zara back to live with her father. Following multiple fires on Ramsay Street, the quirky mother of three is left doubting whether her youngest is beyond redemption. Imploring her innocence, the teenager realises she could be making a departure as there is no one to corroborate her story. Unfortunately, her situation doesn't get any better as after a party at Number 24, Mackenzie learns she tried to kiss Hendrick. This leaves the university student furious as she knows the youngster has been trying to meddle in her relationship. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? Both Mackenzie and her boyfriend end up confronting Zara about the kiss but she also makes a discovery of her own. The schoolgirl realises the two girls who were supposed to be her friends, Sadie Rodwell (Emerald Chan) and Aubrey Laing (Etoile Little), are the ones who have been setting her up. With nowhere else to turn, Zara ends up going to school and is later found by Mackenzie as the two of them have a heart to heart. This is when tragedy strikes as a fire begins to spread through the school but the two youngsters are locked in a storage room. They end up trying to escape through the vents but as the smoke gets thicker and the flames spread, could they die as a result of some reckless individual's actions? The actress who plays Zara, Freya, has spoken out on her alter-ego's rebellious behaviour and has hinted things won't end well for her. Freya explained in a recent interview: "Zara can see now that rebelling hasn’t done her any good. "Instead, she keeps losing the things in her life she enjoys," the soap star told Metro.co.uk, but could the consequences of her actions result in her untimely death? It's been confirmed the weekday soap is set to come to an end this summer as Channel 5 has decided to withdraw its funding. After almost four decades on the air, it is looking likely the finale will bring an end to many of the characters' stories. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty speaks out as Emily Maitlis bids farewell to BBC [COMMENT]'Illegal!' Furious Tory MP hits out at 'Russia-linked donations' [COMMENT]Harry and Andrew unlikely to be stripped of role by Parliament–expert [ANALYSIS] Although some will be left on a cliffhanger, which will allow a revival to include those in years to come, others could be brought to a heartbreaking end. With this fire, fans could be bidding farewell to one if not both young characters as their deaths would spearhead new directions for other residents. Hendrix would be left devastated over the demise of his girlfriend and could therefore leave the street to go and live with his father in a different part of Australia. Amy could also decide to leave Erinsborough as she would find it too hard to live in the same place her daughter's life ended. The impact could be massive leading up to the summer but there is also plenty of more drama happening with other characters away from the tragedy. Elsewhere on Ramsay Street, Roxy Willis (Zima Anderson) and her husband Kyle Canning (Chris Milligan) are finally settling into married life. With Sheila Canning (Colette Mann) having left Erinsborough for good in recent scenes, they now have the house to themselves most of the time. Following Kyle's battle with cancer over the past few months, they are unable to conceive a child through conventional means. The heartthrob did manage to give a sperm sample before he had his testicles removed, meaning Roxy would still be able to have his child. However, they would have to do it through the process of IVF, which will be a huge step with regards to their relationship. Although they both seem keen on the idea of having a child so soon after getting married, some of their loved ones have reservations. Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) is unsure about whether the pair have really thought through their options as a child is a huge responsibility. The pair will have a lot to think about as they realise their excitement over having children is not shared by everyone. Though they would feel they've made it through a number of challenges during their relationship that they are strong enough to have a child. But will the pair get their happily ever after? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.