Jay Chauhan is the director at Grand Prix Grand Tours. The team organise travel packages for F1 and MotoGP fans as well as epic driving holidays. Ahead of the F1 season kick off in March, Jay told Express.co.uk where spectators can find the best holiday. He said: “I would say at the moment some of the most impressive races are around the Middle East. “In the Middle East they’re offering a lot of added value for spectators, including concerts after the race and pitstop challenges. “There are also a lot of car displays and food venues so it’s really quite a big spectacle over there. READ MORE: Horror as British tourists face huge price rise in Spain “The weather is a huge factor as well because spectators can find winter sun in the Middle East.” The first Saudi Arabian Grand Prix took place in 2021 and Jay said the “track is very good”. He added: “The Middle East is a really growing area but it also depends on what the spectator wants. “The original tracks still have appeal. Monaco is the crown of the F1 calendar and there’s just something a bit special about it.” Jay told Express.co.uk: “It really depends on what the spectator wants from their F1 experienced. “The Middle Eastern tracks have been built with the spectator in mind. Everything is more about entertainment and having a good time. “The older tracks are great and a lot of enthusiasts will always want to go to Monaco, Belgium and Italy. “But those tracks were built many many years ago and they are all about the racing so from a spectator side of things, it’s slightly different.” While Silverstone is a highlight of the F1 calendar, Jay said fans can sometimes find better value overseas. He said: “We do get a lot of customers coming to us with the initial idea to go to Silverstone but when you talk through what they’re actually looking for, going abroad is much better value.” Jay advised: “People need to look at it as a holiday. You need to consider where you’re staying, the hotel, what the weather is like and the food. “If you’re flying to Singapore, Abu Dhabi or Australia, you can lengthen the holiday and do other things. “As an example, we offer jet skiing and desert safaris in Abu Dhabi to extend an F1 holiday there.” Jay added: “Make sure you book with a reputable agent. We offer financial protection against failing and within these Covid times that has been key.” The 2022 F1 schedule will kick off with Round One in Bahrain on March 18. Grand Prix Grand Tour packages include airport transfers, circuit transfers, grandstand tickets and hotel accommodation. F1 fans can also add other activities to their trip.