On Monday, Russia was hit with heavy sanctions from the West after Putin tore up an eight year peace accord with Ukraine and recognised the independence of the rebel states of Luhansk and Donetsk.  US President Joe Biden described the move as Russia “carving out a big chunk of Ukraine” and responded by announcing a tranche of measures targeting Russia’s “elites” and it’s foreign debt. Mr Biden said on Tuesday: “We’ve cut off Russia’s government from Western financing.”   Meanwhile, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that five banks have had their assets frozen in the UK along with three Russian Billionaires, who have also been hit with travel bans. Putin’s relationship with the West has long been fraught with tension. Meanwhile, the finer details of his private life have been shrouded in mystery since he became President of Russia for the first time in 1999. Putin was married to Ms Putina for nearly three decades, before the couple's “civil” separation in 2013. Read More: Everything you need to know about NATO in charts and figures Ms Putina, who had once worked as a flight attendant, met the future President in the early Eighties through a mutual friend and the pair married in 1983. That decade the couple went on to have two daughters together, Maria Vorontsova and Katerina Tikhonova. However, as Putin, a former member of the KGB, steadily rose the ranks of Russian bureaucracy, Ms Putina is said to have felt increasingly uneasy. According to Ms Pietsch, who befriended the couple in the Nineties, Putin broke a promise to stay away from the world of spying when he accepted a position running the Federal Security Service in 1998.   In her book "Fragile Friendships", Ms Pietsch described Ms Putina complaining over the phone after her then-husband accepted the position. Ms Putina allegedly said: “It’s terrible. “We won't be allowed to contact each other again. “This awful isolation. No more travelling wherever we want to go; no longer able to say whatever we want. Don't Miss:Russian troops in 'key formation' along Ukraine border[OPINION]Vladimir Putin's shirtless photos in bizarre calendars[INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin’s party’s surprising beliefs on Russian Royal Family[ANALYSIS] “I had only just begun to live.” Elsewhere, in Ms Pietsch’s book the author alleges that Ms Putina jokingly described her husband as “a vampire”. In the book Putin allegedly retorted: “Anyone who could put up with [Ms Putina] for three weeks [is] heroic and deserve[s] a monument.” After Putin became President Ms Putina gradually withdrew from the public eye.  Then, when he was inaugurated for a third term in 2012 Ms Putina vanished completely from public life, only to return to Putin’s side a year later when the couple announced their divorce. At the time Lyudmila said: “Our marriage is over due to the fact we barely see each other. “Vladimir is completely submerged in his work.  “Our children have grown up, each of them is living her own life.” She added:” I truly don’t like publicity.” The Russian President said Lyudmila had “done her shift” as Russia’s first lady. 