Over 300,000 British expats live in Spain. Many more Britons visit holiday homes for short periods during the winter months. On the Costa Blanca Forum, one person said: “My husband has just returned from a mini trip to look at areas as we are thinking of buying an apartment that we can escape to during the English winter and for family and friends to use during the summer.” They said they had been looking at the area around Mar Menor. Popular with expats, Mar Menor is a saltwater lagoon in the Murcia region of Spain. One expat replied: “Beware of Mar Menor. The water is severely polluted and it will take up to 30 years to recover. “Prices are dropping fast and will continue. Take your time, do not hurry and don’t pay anything upfront to the agent.” READ MORE: ‘We were always starving’: Expats in Spain say ‘eating hours’ make it hard to adapt While Mar Menor used to be one of the most beautiful areas in Spain, it has sadly become polluted over the years. Scientists have said this is likely to be due to agricultural waste leaking into the lagoon from nearby farms. Chemicals starve the water of oxygen, damaging the environment and killing some creatures. Recently, tourists and residents were horrified to see thousands of dead fish wash up on the shores of the lagoon. Another expat said: “I agree about the pollution and I certainly wouldn’t eat any seafood advertised as from the Mar Menor. “With heavy rain all sorts of chemicals wash down from the fields and the agricultural community usually win out against the tourists’ needs.” They added: “It gets cold here in winter. The EPC in most Spanish properties are usually very low so it will often be warmer outside if the sun is shining. “Every year questions are raised on the forum by people spending their first winter here and ‘freezing’ is a well used description. “It gets very hot in summer and electricity prices are high so you want to make sure your guests don’t get carried away with the air con. “Humidity can cause problems if a property is closed up so invest in trays of crystals, cat litter or salt. “Rent first, the dream doesn’t always work out and you will be heavily out of pocket if you find that what works great for a week or two is totally unsuitable for longer stays.” They added: “If you are looking for a community with a lot of facilities, the more it will cost you each month and only coming in the winter you will not be getting any use out of the pool.” Many British expats live in gated communities in Spain. A fee is normally paid each month for the maintenance of communal facilities such as gardens and swimming pools. During winter the pool may not be cleaned to cut down on costs when it is not being used. Another expat on the Costa Blanca forum warned: “New apartments are expensive but better insulated. Decide what you want, your maximum budget and when you will use the property. “Don’t rush it, it’s a big decision.”