Germany on Tuesday halted the Nord Stream 2 Baltic Sea gas pipeline project, designed to double the flow of Russian gas direct to Germany, after Russia formally recognised two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine. Europe's most divisive energy project, worth $11 billion, was finished in September, but has stood idle pending certification by Germany and the European Union. Mr Zelenskyy said: "Ukraine welcomes to decisions made yesterday and today to introduce sanctions against the Russian federation by the European Union, the USA, the UK and Canada. "We do expect further sanctions. "It is also very important to see Germany's decision to halt the approval of Nord Stream 2. "It is very important to fully stop this project which is a weapon. "Their weapon that is already being used against Ukraine, against the whole of Europe." READ MORE: Putin's forces in disarray as officers go AWOL The pipeline had been set to ease the pressure on European consumers facing record energy prices amid a wider post-pandemic cost of living crisis, and on governments that have already forked out billions to try to cushion the impact on consumers. But on Tuesday the European benchmark gas price, currently the Dutch March contract, was up 9.8% at 78.95 euros per megawatt hour (MWh) at 1607 GMT, much like the price for the fourth quarter, when Nord Stream 2 had been expected to start. Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's former president and now deputy chairman of its Security Council, tried to rub salt in that wound. "Welcome to the new world where Europeans will soon have to pay 2,000 euros per thousand cubic metres!" he tweeted - suggesting prices were set to double. President Vladimir Putin did pledge, however, that Russia would not interrupt any of its existing gas supplies. The Kremlin hoped the delay of Nord Stream 2 would be temporary, Interfax news agency reported, citing Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov. Germany gets half its gas from Russia and had argued that Nord Stream 2 was primarily a commercial project to diversify energy supplies for Europe. But despite the potential benefits, the pipeline had faced opposition within the European Union and from the United States on the grounds that it would increase Europe's energy dependence on Russia as well as denying transit fees to Ukraine, host to another Russian gas pipeline, and making it more vulnerable to Russian invasion. DON'T MISS Scholz' decision to block Nord Stream 2 backfires on Germany [INSIGHT]Green MP erupts as Hoyle blasts her over 'Russian interference' [VIDEO]Putin boasts of ‘unparalleled’ hypersonic missiles ready to launch [ANALYSIS] "This is a huge change for German foreign policy with massive implications for energy security and Berlin's broader position towards Moscow," said Marcel Dirsus, non-resident fellow at Kiel University's Institute for Security Policy. "It suggests that Germany is actually serious about imposing tough costs on Russia." Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted his approval. "This is a morally, politically and practically correct step in the current circumstances," he said. "True leadership means tough decisions in difficult times. Germany's move proves just that."