Democracy is being crushed beneath the wheels of his tanks. Freedom is being obliterated by the barrage of his guns. But even his massive military force cannot crush the spirit of the Ukrainian people. Every petrol bomb is a show of resistance. Every demolished bridge is a blow for defiance. Yet it is a hopelessly unequal battle. Russia has been planning this onslaught for months. They have overwhelming superiority on everything from numbers to equipment, from aircraft to naval vessels. What makes the plight of Ukraine worse is that they are fighting alone. So far the West has been long on rhetoric but short on meaningful support. Part of this is understandable. As the impressive Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, himself a former soldier, reiterated yesterday, putting troops on the ground or creating ano-fly zone would be a declaration of war, generating a cataclysm across Europe. Nor is there any appetite for such a military intervention, partly because of the West’s recent failures in Afghanistan, Libya and Iraq, and partly because Ukraine is not a member of Nato. There are however other steps we could take to bolster Ukraine. We could send much more military equipment. “Give us the tools and we will finish the job,” Winston Churchill said near the start of the Second World War, appealing to the great arsenal of democracy – as he called America – for material backing. Ukraine’s fighters need more than Molotov cocktails. We could also create a safe haven in the west of the country which could become an arena for resistance and refuge. On the economic front much tougher action could be taken. The sanctions so far have been too limited and will hardly dent the Putin regime. The whole economic and cultural apparatus of the Russian state must be ruthlessly targeted. That means going after Russian banks, institutions, companies and his cronies. One immediate step must be to expel Russia from the SWIFT international payments system, Russia should also be frozen out of financial markets, global trade and foreign exchanges. On the cultural front there must be a concerted global boycott, from sport to the arts. A good start has been made in the expulsion of Russia from the Eurovision Song Contest and in the withdrawal of St Petersburg’s right to host the Champions League Final. But more measures like those are needed. The flame of independence must not be allowed to go out.