Married at First Sight Australia is the explosive reality series which sees singletons meet their future husbands and wives for the first time at the end of the aisle. Series nine started last month on Channel Nine in Australia and while UK fans usually have to wait until later on in the year for the show to begin, the latest season has now started airing on E4 as well. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Holly Greenstein and Andrew Davis who were paired up by the experts. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia. Holly and Andrew tied the knot in the third episode of Married at First Sight Australia season nine. The 36-year-old manager did have some initial concerns about her husband when Andrew said he was a Trump supporter. However, the rest of the wedding went fairly smoothly so it did seem there was some hope for the couple. But when Holly and Andrew got to their honeymoon, another issue then cropped up. READ MORE: Call the Midwife pay tribute to beloved colleague Kev Corbishley Holly and Andrew consummated their marriage but he admitted the day after that he "didn't enjoy" it. Andrew said she could "benefit" from his wealth of experience, stating: "I love exploring sex and I love celebrating sex. "I am a very sexual person and have had roughly 350 sexual partners in the past." It seemed as if the couple had put it behind them but everything quickly fell apart ahead of the second commitment ceremony. Both Holly and Andrew decided to leave the experiment with the twice-divorced Texan shown packing his bags. He said: "I've made my mind up. I know exactly how I feel. "I guess at this point I'm at the end of my rope. I have some requirements in my mind of who I want in my daughter's life, in my life. "She doesn't fit that mould, so there’s really nothing that I'm holding on to. I’m done." DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A delight' [TRIBUTE]Domenica and Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Are they together? [CAST]Married At First Sight Australia 2022 UK release date [RELEASE DATE] Holly later told the experts before leaving for good: "I think it was a reminder to believe in myself and to know that I am enough." So while the relationship status of the other couples aren't officially known as the show continues airing, Holly and Andrew parted ways before the cameras stopped rolling. It isn't known if Holly is dating anybody knew following Married at First Sight Australia. Andrew, on the other hand, has already got back on the horse and has a new girlfriend. Speaking on Australian radio show Fitzy and Wippa, Andrew said he has been with his next partner for "quite a while now". He revealed: "It's somebody I was previously [dating] and then kind of fell off. "And then yeah, it kind of got sparked back up." Married at First Sight Australia airs every day on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.