Russian forces fired missiles at several cities in Ukraine and landed troops on its coast on Thursday, officials and media said, after President Vladimir Putin authorised what he called a special military operation in the east. Shortly after Putin spoke in a televised address on Russian state TV, explosions could be heard in the pre-dawn quiet of the Ukrainian capital of Kiev. President Zelenskyy has since released a video message to Twitter. He said: "Dear Ukrainians, this morning, President Putin announced a special military operation in the Donbas. "Russia carried out strikes on our military infrastructure, on our border guards. "Explosions were heard in many cities of Ukraine. "We introduce martial law throughout the state. READ MORE: Ukraine- Russia war LIVE: Putin launches full-scale attack "A minute ago, I had a conversation with President Biden. The US is starting to gather international support. "Today we need you, each of you to be calm. If possible, stay at home, please. "We are working, the army is working. The entire security and defence sector of Ukraine is working. "I, the National Security and Defence Council, the government will be in touch. "So I will be in touch again. Don't panic, we are strong, we are ready for everything and we will defeat everyone because we are Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine." Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to chair a Cobra meeting at 7.30am to discuss the UK's response to the crisis. In a statement on Twitter, Mr Johnson said he had spoken with President Zelenskyy to discuss "next steps". "I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps," he said. DON'T MISS Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [INSIGHT]Missiles seen flying into Ukrainian airspace during Russian invasion [VIDEO]Ursula von Der Leyen condemns ‘unprovoked attack’ on Ukraine [ANALYSIS] "President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. "The UK and our allies will respond decisively." A Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson had assured Mr Zelensky the West "would not stand by as President Putin waged his campaign against the Ukrainian people". "The Prime Minister said he hoped Ukraine could resist and that Ukraine and its people were in the thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom people during this dark time," the spokesperson said. Mr Putin announced the action during a televised address early on Thursday morning, saying the move was a response to threats from Ukraine.