Although series 19 of Strictly Come Dancing may only have just wrapped up, the bookmakers at Ladbrokes have already started to speculate who could be the next set of contestants competing for the Glitterball Trophy. Although the line-up for the next series has not been revealed, boxing champion Amir Khan has been rumoured to be making his dancing debut on the popular BBC series which is set to air later this year.  After losing to long-time rival, Kell Brook, this weekend, the 35-year-old hinted that retirement was on the cards, and that's led to bookies pricing his chances of appearing on Strictly later this year to just 3/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Amir Khan is no stranger to Reality TV, and after a brutal final battering in the ring, the odds suggest he'll soon be swapping boxing for ballroom." Besides Amir, other celebrities have also been widely speculated amongst viewers, the most recent being Louis Theroux who teased his place on the Strictly dancefloor. In an interview, the journalist said: “I like to think I’m a good dancer. READ MORE:EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues?   “I know I’ve had too many drinks when I’m in the kitchen dancing while listening to something on the smart speaker – often hip-hop – and I start doing the funky robot and then I start doing MC Hammer spins. "And that’s where it happens and I start thinking I should really go on Strictly,” he told Radio Times. The 2021 line-up included a range of celebrities, including presenter AJ Odudu, EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis, and BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker, to name a few. According to the bookies at William Hill, Dan’s BBC Breakfast co-star could be set to follow in his footsteps as Sally Nugent is rumoured at 4/1.   Sally had previously gushed over Dan’s performances which left her on the verge of tears. "I had a lip wobble," said Sally, after watching Dan’s performances. Dan narrowly missed out on a spot in the semi-final, making it to fifth place, after he scored 31 points for his tango with Nadiya Bychkova, placing him second from bottom on the leaderboard. Sally’s admiration towards her fellow co-presenter could edge her forward to on the Strictly challenge. Footballer Peter Crouch could also be swapping his football boots for ballroom shoes with odds at 4/1 which come after his wife Abbey Clancy who made her appearance on the show in series 11. His wife and model Abbey won the competition back in 2013 with her partner Aljaz Skorjanec. The pair lifted the Glitterball Trophy after beating the three other finalists Susanna Reid, Natalie Gumede and Sophie Ellis-Bextor in a spectacular final show. On winning she said: "I can't believe this; it's just mad," calling Strictly "the most perfect experience I've had".  Down in the betting is Rio Ferdinand at 5/1 besides fellow athlete Tom Daley, who may be contemplating busting some moves in front of the judges. I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here’s 2021 contestant Kadeena Cox is trailing slightly behind at 6/1 with the firm at William Hill. Piers Morgan may also want to take victory in the competition against his former co-host Susanna Reid at 16/1. But who could be next in the line-up of 2022? 