The Downton Abbey film sequel has been a long time coming for fans of the original series and first feature-length story. The original movie premiered in 2019 to massive critical and commercial acclaim, bringing back the beloved characters that once graced the small screen on ITV. The follow-up was confirmed soon after, but due to numerous delays, it is now aiming for a Spring debut. A new trailer just dropped and has given audiences some new insights into the Crawley family's next adventure. What is the plot of Downton Abbey 2? As shown in the trailer, the Crawley family are heading to the South of France for a much-needed holiday. Violet made the shock announcement in the first teaser, saying: “Years ago, before you were born, I met a man and now I’ve come into the possession of a villa in the south of France.” It will be a major change of pace for the characters and audience alike, as it is the first main story away from the Crawley family's iconic manor house. READ MORE: John Lennon wrote 'best Beatles song lyrics' about his first wife Previously dated for a March 18, 2022, release date, it will now launch in cinemas exclusively in the UK on April 29, 2022 and in the US on May 20, 2022. The unfortunate delay was to ensure the film would be seen by as many audience members as possible. The pandemic ran the risk of closing cinemas down again in late 2021 but thankfully that wasn’t the case. The production team behind the film have been well aware of this challenge since the original premiere date was confirmed. Producer Gareth Neame said: “After a very challenging year with so many of us separated from family and friends, it is a huge comfort to think that better times are ahead and that next Christmas we will be reunited with the much-beloved characters of Downton Abbey.”  All of the main cast will be returning for the sequel, which was confirmed back in April 2021. Focus Features, the production company behind the project shared the announcement on Twitter, writing: “We're thrilled to announce that Julian Fellowes and the entire Downton cast are back for #DowntonAbbey2, with Hugh Dancy, Laura Haddock, Nathalie Baye and Dominic West joining! See the film in theatres this Christmas.” Michelle Dockery and Tom Cullen will also be returning, playing Lady Mary Talbot and Lord Gillingham, respectively. Tuppence Middleton will be making a comeback after her franchise debut in the first film as Lucy Smith. DON'T MISS...Maggie Smith, 87, stuns in glamorous pictures from her early career [INSIGHT]The Gilded Age: Christine Baranski on real-life family's connection [EXPLAINER]Freddie Mercury saw Wayne's World scene before he died and loved it [INSIGHT] There are some new players joining the group as well, these include Hannibal’s Hugh Dancy, Catch Me If You Can’s Nathalie Baye and The Crown’s Dominic West. The studio has not confirmed what roles they will be playing. Downton Abbey: A New Era will launch in cinemas exclusively in the UK on April 29, 2022 and in the US on May 20, 2022. 