It is an odd fact given that the poor represent around a quarter of the population. A very recent parliamentary report tells us that around 14.5 million people live in relative low income in the United Kingdom. Trust for London, a charitable foundation, defines the terms of poverty. A single working age adult on £141 is on the poverty line. The charitable organisation adds that £253 per week is the minimum income standard for a single working age adult living in outer London. In short, a large number of people in our country are very sensitive to price fluctuations. Inflation hits them far harder than it would their richer neighbour. They tend not to have assets, such as stocks, houses or gold bars in the volts of Swiss banks to offset the purchasing power losses. Added to the sense of gloom, they are unlikely to have the power to demand much higher wages. The nominal power they do have is that of the ballot box. Their vote can be decisive. It has proven its effectiveness twice over the last six years: the referendum vote in 2016 and the general election late in 2019, which saw the Red Wall collapse. The display of power at their disposal was remarkable. It blew the happy consensus that had formed in the minds of our Ivory Tower dwellers that all was fine. After the astounding coronavirus expenditure of the last two years, our leaders must revisit their fundamental priorities. The nagging doubt though is that they haven’t. This week for instance, at a time when inflation is threatening to escape the bottle and wreak havoc across the finances of the large majority of our countrymen and women, we learn that the House of Lords is debating amendments to the Health and Care Bill, which would impose a ban on promotional offers in supermarkets, such as the “buy-one-get-one-free” offers and prohibit ads for foods that are high in fat, salt and sugar after a 9pm watershed. Fatty foods would then be viewed in the same light as erotica. The House of Lords is currently debating whether to delay the implementation by a year. Yet food and drink prices are made up of many components from the price of raw ingredients to energy prices, transportation costs, exchange rates, trade and customs charges, and the administrative costs of manufacturing. Over the past 20 years agricultural prices have doubled as well as the price pressures of global supply and demand. Salaries and take home pay have decidedly not. In the same period, food and drink manufacturers seemed to have managed to keep costs and prices down. This has been through managing currency risks, investing in technology and streamlining the way food is transported, stored and distributed. As a result, prices have only increased by half even as agricultural prices have doubled. However, the additional costs of Government policies like the Health and Care Bill will be passed onto consumers. The Food and Drink Federation, a trade association, estimates that the cost of food and drink shopping per household will increase by £160 per year at least. This might not sound like a lot, but when the food and energy inflationary crisis really hits, you just know it won’t be the politicians thinking about where their next biscuit is coming from, or whether they can afford to turn the heating on. Even Tesco's chairman, John Allan, has said that the “worst is yet to come for food prices” and that he was aware people were on very tight budgets and having to choose between food and heating "troubles us". So, what we have here, yet again, is a highly privileged political elite, which is completely out of touch with the concerns of hard-working families, who are already suffering from a government-inspired, self-inflicted, cost-of-living crisis. Increased costs will hit those on lowest incomes the hardest. No one is saying we don’t need to have a sensible debate about obesity in the UK. But policies that make the poor poorer are not the solution. Our political class seems not to have understood that working towards making life more affordable for the ones that need it most is the most important part of their job. It is not to regulate ever more into the detail, increasing costs as a result and pushing the many to the brink of financial penury to make the few feel righteous. In a time of crisis, we need focus, not gimmicks. So long as the ballot box remains sacrosanct, we have the means to convey the message. If they can’t hear us, let’s make sure we get a little louder.