Chelsea continue the defence of their Champions League title tonight in the first leg of their round-of-16 tie against Lille and Thomas Tuchel may find his next two transfer targets in the French side's line-up. The Blues have a number of difficult decisions to make in their squad over the coming months. It looks increasingly likely that Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger will all depart Stamford Bridge in the summer. No replacements were signed during January, meaning defensive recruits will be needed in the summer. Jules Kounde is likely to be targeted once again after they failed to secure the Frenchman last summer. But he will unlikely be the only central defender through the door should all three soon-to-be free agents leave. JUST IN: Chelsea told to watch out for four 'dangerous' Lille stars by Malouda  Heading into the January window, there was some suggestion that Chelsea would enter the race for Sven Botman. The 22-year-old has earned rave reviews for his performances in Ligue 1 and looked on the verge of a move to Newcastle last month. The Magpies were unable to meet Lille's £35million asking price though, which could open the door for other clubs at the end of the season. Despite his young age, Botman has already amassed over 100 club appearances and was a huge part of Lille's title-winning campaign last season. DON'T MISS  And Chelsea will be able to learn first hand just how talented Botman is when he lines up against them in the Champions League. Midfield is another area Chelsea will need to address this summer with injuries forcing Tuchel to regularly chop and change his preferred trio. Renato Sanches may well provide Chelsea with the answers they are looking for while also pipping Arsenal to a top transfer target. The Gunners have shown strong interest in Sanches over the past few months, but no deal has materialised as of yet. Lille wanted £35m in the January window, but no club was able to meet those demands. Sanches will enter the final year of his contract this summer though and he could be available for a cut-price fee. The Portugal international endured an ill-fated spell in the Premier League with Swansea in 2017 but his reputation has been restored on the European stage since. At 24 years of age, he still has plenty of time to reach his peak and he too played a vital role for Lille in winning the title last year. Both players will be key for Lille against Chelsea in their Champions League tie. And the Blues may well be keeping a close eye on the pair of them whatever happens in the two legs.