Maddie is a British expat who moved to Spain during the pandemic after she found a job as a teacher in the Valencia region, by Costa Blanca. After living in Spain for nearly two years, Maddie has shared what life in the country is really like. The expat named her favourite parts: "The outdoors lifestyle, the weather, the culture, the hiking, the ancient monuments and the wonderful roads - never ever get into a traffic hold up." She added: "Falling asleep to the sound of the waves, the fantastic food and wine and the smiley faces of the people. "Huge skies and wonderful sunsets, nearness and good connections to the UK if I want to see family and friends." READ MORE: ‘We were always starving’: Expats in Spain say ‘eating hours’ make it hard to adapt  Maddie added: "The vibrant and old cities, the importance of family and looking after each other, my sunroom and growing cacti." She also said she loves "exploring" Spain and the country's safety, mainly "outside major cities". Maddie also adores Spanish "shoes and boots! I've bought quite a few pairs..." However, not everything is perfect in Spain and there are many things she doesn't particularly enjoy.  Maddie said: "Officialdom is the worst without a doubt." She added: "The language barrier (that is my fault though), some racism, and the graffiti in cities." The expat also said she "can't get any clothes to fit ". "I feel huge and I'm a size 12." She explained she doesn't like "shops in general". "The Spanish love their fake leather, sparkles and tight, tight leopard prints. "It's either that or clothes for a lady of 80 plus. Nothing in between." Maddie also said she finds it strange how all the stores are closed on Sundays. "Everything is shut on a Sunday - and I mean everything. It's the family day - which is great if you have family here, I don't!" Maddie continued: "No second-hand shops unless it's a really expat area on the Costas. "It's a cultural thing, Spaniards think it's shameful having anything second-hand. "I miss them as I've had to buy furniture etc and it's all the same standard stuff!"