Rob Brydon, 56, is best known for his breakout role in Gavin & Stacey as Bryn West. In a new interview however, the actor has revealed he turned down a West End musical, after receiving a warning about its possible detriment on his family life. Rob has three children from his first marriage to Martina Fitchie, and two children from his current marriage to Clare Holland. Speaking to Saga Magazine in their latest issue, Rob revealed he has turned down West End musicals after receiving a warning about the impact this could have on his family life. He said: "I've always wanted to do something... proper. "I would have signed up for a big West End musical, but I was warned about the impact that has on your family. READ MORE: ‘We were making plans’ Alex Scott ‘in shock’ over Jamal Edwards' death "My two youngest, Tom and George, are 13 and ten, so it's an important time for me to be with them." Similarly, Rob also detailed the reasons why he has not tried to make it in Hollywood. He continued: "When anyone asks me about going to Hollywood, I give them the same answer. "If it means being away from Clare and the kids for six months, I'm not interested. "Maybe when they've finished school but, at the moment, family comes first." Rob and Clare married in 2006, with the pair meeting when she was working on The South Bank Show. Their son Tom was born in 2008, and George in 2011. Rob has three children Katie, Amy and Harry from his marriage to Martina. DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar hits back at claim Donald Trump 'owns The Apprentice' [OPINION] Oti Mabuse bids farewell to Strictly as pro says it's 'not easy' [STRICTLY] Sylvie Gatrill dead: The Responder actress dies after cancer battle [DEATH] The marriage lasted from 1992, with the pair's divorce finalised in 2000. The actor was actually school friends with Ruth Jones, the creator of Gavin & Stacey. They both joined the drama group at Porthcawl Comprehensive School in South Wales. Detailing when Ruth asked him to play Bryn, he said: "Thank god she did. "I'd been auditioning and knocking on doors for over 20 years. "At one point, I was even a presenter on a shopping channel. Bryn changed everything for me." After this, many opportunities opened up for Rob, with him being given the presenting role on Would I Lie to You? from 2009. Rob has also appeared in notable films including Cruise of the Gods, The Gruffalo, 24 Hour Party People, The Huntsman: Winter's War and Holmes & Watson.