Phil Mickleson is on the brink of losing another major sponsor after Callaway opted to 'pause' their partnership with the iconic left-hander. Mickleson, 51, has taken an indefinite break from the sport after his comments over the PGA Tour - and proposed Saudi-backed Super Golf League - sparked outrage among fans and fellow players.  The League, the brainchild of Greg Norman, has been offering huge sums of money to stars in bid to prize them away from the PGA Tour. However, Tour bosses responded by threatening to ban players from competing in major championships, and the Ryder Cup, if they joined the breakaway league. Six-time major winner Mickleson, who last May became the oldest ever winner of the US PGA, was scathing of the developments, and in an interview with Golf Digest said "it is the Tour's obnoxious greed that has really opened the door for opportunities elsewhere.” Despite his apparent willingness to embrace the concept, the likes of Dustin Johnson, Rory McIlroy, and Brooks Koepka all opted to publicly distance themselves from Norman's new adventure. JUST IN: Tiger Woods' huge muscle transformation hints at comeback reality Bryson DeChambeau, Tiger Woods, Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas, world No 1 Jon Rahm and Collin Morikawa all followed suit. However, it then emerged that Mickleson labelled Saudi personnel "scary motherf****** to be involved with" and questioned the country's human rights record, in an interview with book author Alan Shipnuck. The comments were labelled "ignorant" by McIlroy and Mickleson, a vice-captain in Team USA's resounding Ryder Cup win last September, then made a climbdown and issued a public apology, confirming he's be taking time out of the sport. The San Diego man also claimed he had offered to end contracts with any sponsors who felt concerned about his comments and sure enough, KPMG duly announced they would be ending their partnership - before Workday and Amstel followed suit. And now golf giants Callaway have confirmed they would be putting their own deal with Mickleson on hold. A statement from the equipment maker read "Callaway does not condone Phil Mickelson's comments and we were very disappointed in his choice of words - they in no way reflect our values or what we stand for as a company.  "Phil has since apologised and we know he regrets how he handled recent events. We recognise his desire to take some time away from the game and respect that decision. "At this time, we have agreed to pause our partnership and will re-evaluate our ongoing relationship at a later date." Mickleson has long earned an extortionate amount in endorsements, and in 2015, Forbes estimated his annual income was $51 million.