New research from Design Bundles has named the UK’s most beautiful waterfalls. The team looked at Instagram hashtags and Tripadvisor ratings and reviews to find the UK’s favourite waterfalls. According to research, Aber Falls in Conwy County, Wales, is Britain’s most beautiful waterfall. The stunning waterfall is known as Rhaeadr Fawr in Wales and is about two miles south of Abergyngregyn. Visitors to the waterfall may also be able to spot several Bronze Age settlements including an excavated roundhouse. While the walk at Aber Falls can be busy, it is straightforward and some visitors even take pushchairs. READ MORE: Tourist tax: Popular destinations Britons will have to pay to visit According to the research, Aber Falls was often described as Wales’ best-kept secret’ in visitor reviews. The second most beautiful waterfall in the UK is Black Water Falls in Ross and Cromarty in Scotland. The incredible waterfall has a natural stairway and one visitor said it was a “lovely place to go walking”. Black Water Falls are less well known than some of Scotland’s more popular waterfalls making it a lovely secluded spot.  In third place was Steall Waterfall in Fort William. One reviewer said: “Amazingly beautiful walk from the car park to the waterfall. “I will 100 percent visit again. We took a small dog with us and he was more than capable of walking with us.” Grey Mare’s Tail came in fourth place. The Scottish waterfall plunges more than 60km and is one of the UK’s highest. Visitors will be able to spot glacial erosion in the area and lucky tourists might even find a fossil or spot one of the region’s feral goats. A paradise for wildlife fans, tourists can search for ospreys, peregrine falcons and rare plants in the area. Sgwd yr Eira in Wales’ Brecon Beacons came in fifth place. Visitors to the gorgeous waterfall will face a strenuous walk. One reviewer said: “There are places where you are faced with slippery stones, uneven surfaces, tree roots and other hazards.” The beautiful waterfall is probably one to avoid for families with small children due to the difficulty of the walk. Stanley Ghyll Force Waterfall in Cumbria came in sixth place. The 60 foot waterfall drops into a dramatic gorge. A Design Bundles spokesperson said: “The UK is home to so much beautiful nature, and these waterfalls are a perfect example of that. “People who visit these locations will be making memories they want to keep forever due to their uniqueness. “The serenity and captivating views in the tagged photos on Instagram capture just how lucky the visitors feel to have made the journey.”