The mayor of Kyiv said on Sunday there were no troops in the Ukrainian capital so far, which was holding its defence against Russia's attacks. Mr Klitschko said that in total 31 people died in the capital since the attacks started, including nine civilians, while 106 people had been injured. He said: "Our military, law enforcement, and territorial defence continue to detect and neutralize saboteurs."  And speaking to Sky News, Mr Klitschko warned Russian soldiers are now estimated to be only 12 miles away from Kyiv. He said: "The Russians are almost on the border of Kyiv. "From here, it's not so far, I guess it's 20km (12 miles) or less." Mr Klitschko continued: "Russians destroyed the economy of our country. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  "I expect a huge humanitarian catastrophe in our country because our economy was destroyed. "Our infrastructure was destroyed. The people don't have a job, don't have money. People don't have a home right now. "Millions of people moved from their houses. They destroyed the country." President Volodymyr Zelensky announced on Sunday that Ukraine has filed a suit against Russia at the highest UN court in The Hague for disputes between states. READ MORE: 'Will banning Wedgwood really have an impact?' Lammy squirms over Labour Russia sanctions  Mr Zelenskyy said on Twitter: "Ukraine has submitted its application against Russia to the ICJ. "Russia must be held accountable for manipulating the notion of genocide to justify aggression. "We request an urgent decision ordering Russia to cease military activity now." The International Court of Justice (ICJ) does not have automatic jurisdiction in cases involving the two nations and Kyiv would have to base its claim on a U.N. treaty in order to give the court authority to hear the matter. DON'T MISS:Stock markets bounce back after Putin sanctions fears [WARNING]Surging oil price will stoke inflation and hit recovery [INSIGHT]Investment warning as markets brace for volatility [REVEAL] Vladimir Putin ordered his military command to put Russia's deterrence forces - a reference to units which include nuclear arms - on high alert, citing aggressive statements by NATO leaders and economic sanctions against Moscow. Speaking on state television, Putin said: "As you can see, not only do Western countries take unfriendly measures against our country in the economic dimension - I mean the illegal sanctions that everyone knows about very well - but also the top officials of leading NATO countries allow themselves to make aggressive statements with regards to our country." The US and its allies moved to block certain Russian banks' access to the SWIFT international payment system in further punishment to Moscow as it continues its military assault against Ukraine.