Experts from the Electric Car Organisation (ECO) are calling on local councils to encourage the move to emission-free EVs using the free central Government tax breaks. Steve Endacott, Chairman of ECO said clean air zones were “fundamentally flawed”, saying it would be easier to use existing schemes to improve air quality. He said: “Eco is passionate about cutting pollution by helping drivers to make the switch to EVs, which is the easiest way to reduce our individual carbon footprints. “But charging commercial drivers such high rates to drive through Clean Air Zones penalises lower-income businesses with older cars, who are least able to make the switch and will shut most local taxi firms, worsening our public transport network. “It will also encourage drivers to take longer journeys on the outskirts of these zones as drivers seek to avoid entering the Clean Air Zone. “In the current economic climate, the last thing we need is another crude tax penalty for driving petrol cars, that hurts the profits of local businesses, when we could be using central Government grants at no cost to local councils to incentivise the switch to EVs.” READ MORE: Drivers warned of fines and vehicle damage from fuel saving technique Mr Endacott, who lives in Rotherham, would be affected by the Clean Air Zone in Greater Manchester, which has since been delayed temporarily. The scheme would have seen older taxis and private hire vehicles charged £7.50, a £10 charge for vans and minibuses and a cost of £60 for coaches, HGVs and coaches. It is expected that a new plan for the charges will be announced later this year, which has been described as “fair for businesses and residents”. Many other clean air zones are still set to launch this year, including Bristol, Edinburgh and Newcastle. DON'T MISSDrivers delighted by new number plates with Union Jack [COMMENT]Do you own one of these future classic cars? [INSIGHT]DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [WARNING] Cities, including Bath, Birmingham and Portsmouth have already launched their clean air zones, with Oxford launching a new charging scheme next week. ECO believes the lack of a robust charging network is preventing the adoption of EVs and its infrastructure. It also points out that the central Government is providing subsidies for firms of up to £30,000 or £350 per charge point installed. They are recommending that local councils should follow suit, offering this as an alternative to clean air zones. Central Government tax subsidies via salary sacrifice schemes incentivise the switch to EV’s with tax breaks that make EV leasing between 32 and 42 percent cheaper via a business than as an individual. Mr Endacott continued, saying: “Overnight charging is key to EV ownership, with 95 percent of people with a home charger never charging outside of the home or office. “However, in Greater Manchester, we have a high proportion of flats and terraced housing with no off-road parking making this impossible. “Therefore, rather than penalising people by creating Clean Air Zones, the local councils should be focused on building out areas where EV drivers can charge away from home. “Local councils should take the central Government insulation grants and overlay them with a ‘business rates reduction’ if local businesses make their chargers available out of hours to local residents who cannot install EV chargers at home. “Most business car parks are empty overnight and using them would again allow thousands of people living in flats to move to EVs.” ECO and a number of other organisations are calling on local Governments to focus on prioritising businesses in the area. By incentivising businesses to install EV charging stations, they say this will help quicken the switch to EVs.