On day five of the invasion, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy urged Russian soldiers to “save your lives and leave”. In a blow to Moscow, he added Russian soldiers with military experience could be released if they were willing to fight against their country. Mr Zelenskyy tightened his declarations by announcing 4,500 Russian soldiers had been killed so far. Such reports are difficult to qualify, but if true would amount to a significant early loss for the Kremlin. The announcements claims have yet to be confirmed - like many pronouncement from Russian or Ukrainian officials, given both are determined to persuade their people they, not their enemies, are in the right and will be victorious. Russian state television, for example, talks of the “Nazis of the Ukrainian Armed Forces [being] so afraid of our troops coming that they've started shooting at civilian vehicles if they think they look suspicious”, according to Francis Scarr of the BBC. As a recent Financial Times report put it: “Russian and Ukrainian military claims cannot be independently verified.” It is also important to note that, despite likely heavier than expected losses on the Russian side, Moscow reportedly still has key strategic areas in Ukraine – including Kharkiv – almost surrounded. A sizeable proportion of Russian troops had also not yet been deployed to Ukraine as of this morning, on Monday. But some figures suggest this may start to change from today. READ MORE: Russia launches enlisting blitz as Putin looks to bolster army Rob Lee, a PhD student of War Studies at KCL, shared a video on Twitter with the accompanying message: “It looks as though the Russian military is starting to commit its other military capabilities after a questionable start. “The video shows a Su-34 bomber reportedly flying over Kharkiv.” It appears reasonable to suspect that, were Russia to employ a larger, heavier force against its neighbouring country, its own losses compared to that of Ukraine’s military would be smaller. This comes as negotiations are set to begin between Ukrainian and Russian officials. DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] These will take place on Ukraine’s border with Belarus. They are expected to start at 12pm Moscow time. Vladimir Medinsky, Russian delegation head, told RIA-Novosti: “We definitely want to reach some kind of agreement as quickly as possible, though it has to be in the interests of both sides.” Mr Zelenskyy also talked to Boris Johnson last night, on Sunday. The Prime Minister “agreed on further joint steps to counter the aggressor”, the Ukrainian President said. He added that an “anti-war coalition [was] in action”.