Ralf Rangnick's tenure at Manchester United has divided opinion between fans and pundits alike, with many criticising his lack of coaching prominence over the last decade alongside others praising his tactical awareness. But after he brought yet another substitute on to score against Atletico Madrid, the German has silenced Paul Scholes after the United legend claimed Rangnick 'isn't a proper coach'.  Rangnick brought on Anthony Elanga in the 75th minute on Wednesday evening in the hope of rescuing an equaliser against the Spanish champions. United were abject at best in the first half, with the Red Devils falling 1-0 behind at the interval courtesy of Joao Felix. Yet just six minutes after Swedish starlet Elanga was brought on, he danced away from the Atletico defence on the counter and slid the ball under Jan Oblak to rescue a point. It is the second goal Elanga has scored off the bench in just four days after his late goal wrapped up a win for United against Leeds on Sunday.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  And Rangnick's continued genius has silenced Scholes after their superb record in bringing substitutes off the bench was highlighted. "That's the feeling around the place [quiet inside Old Trafford] there's a lack of interest now with how the season's been," Scholes said speaking to BT Sport after United's 1-1 draw with Southampton earlier this month. "It's been a bad seven days, it's really been a bad six or seven months, you think the season's not been good enough. "The sacking of Ole was coming, we all knew that but we all felt that, where was the plan? There has to be a plan, there has to be an elite, top coach into the football club to revive the football club."  However, United have now scored 10 goals in the Premier League via the subs' bench - four more than any other side. Add to the fact that they have 11 in all competitions following Elanga's equaliser in the Spanish capital this week, and it shows that Rangnick has a real knack of being able to influence games late on. Some may dub it 'Fergie Time' with the late impact the German has, but Scholes still believed that he was not the right fit for the job. "It's Manchester United, they should have the best of everything and to not have a plan and bring what is a sporting director, he's coached a team two years out of the last 10," the ex-playmaker continued.  "He's playing all over the pitch, the wide players don't work hard enough, it isn't always about being in possession, sometimes you've got to do stuff that is ugly that gives you a bit of pain. So often this team jog back and it's so easy to play against. "One team have got a proper coach, the other team has a sporting director which isn't right for Manchester United." United face Watford on Saturday as they aim to cement their top four place. 