The Duke of Sussex will later this year release a memoir which its published has described as “intimate and heartfelt”. Much criticism has been sounded over the timing of the release, alongside celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said the coinciding of these events will help Prince Harry in terms of publicity but could hurt his grandmother and wider family at such a special time. He told Express.co.uk: “[The memoir] is likely to be serialised and there will be worldwide interest in it. “Its publication in the year of the Platinum Jubilee will probably ensure it extra sales. “The publicity surrounding its launch, while there is still a royal rift, is surely not the way to commemorate a year without precedent in an institution which goes back for over a thousand years.” In the book, Prince Harry will, according to Penguin Random House, “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. Mr Fitzwilliams stressed there is “enormous speculation” over what exactly might appear in the book. But he highlighted certain themes that could be particularly problematic for the royal family. He said: “Although its contents currently remain private, it is likely to contain highly sensitive material. READ MORE: Harry raises 'questions' over UK return “How, for example, will it deal with Camilla and the controversies that surround her?” A friend of the Prince recently told the Mirror Harry’s true feelings towards his father’s second wife will be revealed in his memoir, which promises to “shake the monarchy to the core”. What could be considered a warning sign was issued earlier this month upon the announcement Camilla would become Queen Consort rather than Princess Consort when her husband ascends to the throne. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Making 70 years as Queen, Her Majesty said: “When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” A silence was “noticed” from the other side of the pond, Mr Fitzwilliams said, despite Prince Harry talking “movingly” about other causes in the same week. The royal expert added: “We must hope that [Prince Harry and Meghan Markle] sent best wishes privately.” As plans for jubilee celebrations in June receive their finishing touches, questions remain over whether Prince Harry will be in attendance. The Duke has signalled he will remain in the US unless he is granted permission to purchase British police protection – a request turned down by the Home Office. Mr Fitzwilliams has noted that, at the least, questions over security make it “unlikely that Meghan, Archie and Lilibet will attend”.