Luxury cruise lines often have incredible suites and activities. On some lines, passengers in the most expensive rooms even get their own butler to cater to their every need. On Reddit, some passengers have shared their most outrageous requests from cruise holidays. One said: “You can ask them to unpack and pack for you, order room service and ask them to set it up on the balcony if there’s a table. “Request coffee or drinks to your room, making dining and activity reservations, rearrange furniture, request to have snacks/food/drinks ready for you when you return from shore or after a show, to make your bed softer/firmer or have a different type of pillow. “Anything you need help with is worth asking.” READ MORE: Where is hot in June - top five destinations for an early summer break A cruise butler can secure guests the best seats at evening shows and book them optimum activity times. The passenger added: “On our cruise the hangers in one of the empty closets were making annoying squeaking noises when the ship rocked at night so we had them remove the unused hangers.” Another luxury passenger said: “They don’t want to say no to you and there’s a lot you can ask for, but it’s all in how you ask. “We had an invite to a tour of the bridge. They will check in to make sure you’re getting what you want and have the best tables and service.” The bridge is where the captain and his crew manage the direction and speed of the ship and is always off limits to passengers. However, luxury passengers might be able to charm their butler into giving them a sneaky tour. One passenger said they had had an incredible experience on a river cruise when they were allowed to steer. They said: “The captain waited until the coast was clear, sat me down in the seat, and had me pose with my hands on the controls while he took photos. “I was definitely nervous that I would rest my fingers too heavily and mess something up, but it was fun to post those photos to friends.”  While booking a butler is one way to get the best of everything, some passengers felt that the crew did that anyway. One said: “In the main dining room I mentioned to a waitress how much I had liked the dessert the night before and how it was disappointing that it wouldn’t be on the menu again. “It was a smores parfait. She asked if I’d like to have it tomorrow night. The next night two bowls were brought to me once we were finished with dinner. “I really couldn’t believe how awesome it was. I never would have thought to ask for something like that, but really appreciated how they went the extra mile.” If there’s something that a passenger wants on a cruise holiday, it’s always worth asking politely. However, some cruise guests didn’t think a butler would improve their holiday experience. One said:“I don’t like front row seats anyway, and I don’t want the crew touching my belongings any more than they have to. “I can’t think of anything that would make a huge difference in the cruising experience for me.” Another said: “Maybe I’m low maintenance but a butler seems too intrusive and a bit pretentious for me.”