In the UK, the FTSE 100 continued the pattern of recent losses, opening down over -1.2 percent. FTSE listed companies with heavy exposure to Russia have been particularly hard hit. Steel and mining company Evraz, whose major share holders include Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich, saw its share price plummet over six percent as trading opened. In Russia, the MOEX index fell six percent in early trading having already fallen over 16 percent in the last five days.  The ruble has already been falling against the dollar since President Putin signed a decree recognising the independence of two breakaway regions in Ukraine and has now passed the key threshold of 80 to the dollar. Oil meanwhile pushed even closer to the $100 a barrel threshold with Brent Crude reaching £71.65 ($97.23).  Russia is the world's second largest oil exporter and biggest producer of natural gas, supplying up to 40 percent of Europe's gas demand. Victoria Scholar, Head of Investment at interactive investor, predicted: "If Putin continues his aggression and the threat of war becomes a reality, oil prices could easily push beyond $100 towards $120 a barrel to fresh highs not seen since 2014."  Germany, which is particularly exposed to Russian gas supplies, saw its DAX stock market index open down two percent this morning. Meanwhile the Eurozone STOXX 50 index was down over 1.6 percent. The financial fallout of further tensions in Ukraine comes at a time economies are currently trying to recover from the impact of the pandemic. The fragile nature of this was underlined this week when German central bank the Bundesbank warned Germany was likely to enter recession early this year due to ongoing Covid infections hitting business growth. Oil prices have also already been driven to new heights due to ongoing underproduction by the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) with consumers facing record petrol and energy prices. All this comes as many economies, including the UK, look to grapple with soaring inflation and a squeeze on the cost of living. Ms Scholar commented: "As tensions re-escalate between Russia and Ukraine, central banks are facing an increasingly complex conundrum, attempting to strike the balance between tempering inflation through tighter monetary policy while fending off a recession. "This tightrope becomes even more difficult to walk when geopolitical uncertainty is thrown into the mix as an inflationary force through higher energy prices and equally as a potential recessionary force through the risk of conflict." Analysts will be keeping a close eye on the outcome of today's Cobra meeting which could potentially see a new package of sanctions against Russia, with news on sanctions also expected from the EU today. There are a wide range of potential options for sanctions with more extreme possible measures being restrictions on Russia's energy market and access to financial transaction system SWIFT. However there have been warnings as to the impact this would have on global economies, particularly neighbouring Europe. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has previously suggested the UK would be prepared for tough sanctions despite economic risks, saying: "We cannot favour short-term economic interests over the long-term survival of freedom and democracy in Europe."