Christopher Biggins, 73, took his chances in the I'm A Celebrity jungle back in 2007, and became a fan-favourite very quickly. While going on to win the show, he remembered there was one person in-particular he didn't get on with... supermodel Janice Dickinson. Chatting to Kate Thornton on her White Wine Question Time podcast, he recalled his time in the jungle and how he tried to keep in touch with everyone - apart from Janice. "I went in there three days late and was confronted by the awful Janice Dickinson," he sighed. "When I first met her I thought, 'Oh she's quite camp and lovely.' "But it turns out she was the most hideous woman I've ever met in my life!" READ MORE: Moses J Moseley dead: The Walking Dead star found dead at 31 Kate hooted with laughter as Biggins added cheekily: "She's not on Christmas card list, I can tell you!" When the host asked why he found her so offensive, he didnt hold back. "She was vulgar!" he exclaimed. "She was vile to a lot of the other contestants in the show. She manufactured rows. "She hurt a lot of people she upset a lot of people." He remembered that he was left shocked when she didn't emerge herself properly in their first live trial together. "That's when I realised she was a b***h," he laughed before admitting he "wouldn't put up" with her behaviour and bad treatment of others. "She was horrible to a lot of people in there and I wouldn't put up with it," he said. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [TV NEWS] "I did ask her once to a apologise, and she said: 'Why would you make me apologise to that woman?' "I said: 'Because you're not a nice person.'" Looking back upon his time in the jungle and comparing it to that of more recent years, it made the actor wonder about the workings of TV. "In a way, I'm a Celebrity thrives if people don't get on," he shrugged, noting Janice may not have been like that away from the cameras. Despite the fact she didn't get on with people in the camp, Janice and Biggins made it to the final two. But the comedian giggled when he remembered how she "was not pleased" when Ant and Dec announced he was king of the jungle. He said: "When they said King, I couldn't believe it. "I really couldn't believe it and her face was a picture. She was not pleased!"