Norm and Tina have been posting videos on their YouTube channel This Is Our Retirement since 2019, discussing their travel and their retirement. The expats try to dispell the myths of retirement, including the idea you need a million to retire in comfort. Tina and Norm Pogson retired at 58 and 60 respectively, beginning a new lifestyle full of adventure. They explained how they have financed their post-work lifestyles. Travel was high on the agenda for the couple, and they began listing their dream locations. The couple told Express.co.uk: "We knew travel would be our main activity, we wanted to use our good health and mobility while we had it. READ MORE: Expats say adjustment to expat life in Spain 'can be challenging' - 'biggest adjustments' "We set a bucket list based on where we had dreamt of visiting and that fit into our travel budget." Since the couple has managed to fulfill many of their dream travels. The couple discussed the financial lessons they have learned during retirement. They told Express.co.uk: "The financial lessons we have learned is to not be afraid of retiring or of your money running out in retirement. DON'T MISS'Secret Mallorca': 'Gobsmacked' couple find quiet beauty spots [INSIGHT] Brits in Valencia need paperwork 'everywhere' [EXPAT] Influencers detail how they afford to travel full time [EXPERT] "By taking control of your money doing a simple paper and pencil budget based on realistic goals and life expectancy based on your family history." Retirement can be daunting, but the couple is quick to impress it's not necessary to have a million saved to retire. They said: "We have dispelled the notion that you need a million dollars to retire, which is a popular idea promoted by the financial industry." The couple, who moved to Canada many years ago when their children were young, did say one important Canadian policy has helped them to retire relatively early and enjoy it. They said: "One thing that helped is Canada has an employer/employee contributed government pension plan called Canadian Pension Plan (CPP). You can start receiving that at 60-years-old. "That gave us another income stream along with our dividends and royalties." The CPP is a monthly, taxable benefit that replaces part of your income when you retire in Canada. This is much earlier than the equivalent, the state pension in the UK. The state pension age in the UK is 67. The couple told Express.co.uk Canada is the best country for ex-pats, reflected in the numbers. Over 15,000 Britons live in Hamilton, Ontario, more than 10,000 in London, Ontario, and 17,000 in Canada's capital city Ottowa. "The best place we have lived as ex-pats is Canada," they said. "It feels spacious. The roads are wide and straight, and outside of major cities the traffic is light."