WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD FOR DOCTOR STRANGE 2. There’s been huge buzz around Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness for months now. Marvel fans are hoping for some big cameos from across the Fox and Sony universes, making their big MCU debuts from alternate realities. And now an alleged LEGO set leaked description may share two huge Avengers will feature in the blockbuster. According to Brick Fanatics, a 2,708 piece LEGO set called 76218 The Sanctum Sanctorum will arrive in May or June priced at $210. Interestingly, the alleged mini-figure line-up of Marvel characters alongside Doctor Strange, Scarlet Witch and Baron Mordo are some that are likely to raise eyebrows. Firstly, two other variants of Doctor Strange are listed. These could well be the Sinister Strange and Defender Strange seen in the trailers. But there were also two familiar Avengers included too, but not are they as they seem? Apparently, both Spider-Man and Iron Man mini-figures will feature in the LEGO set for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Marvel fans will remember both superheroes teamed up with Benedict Cumberbatch’s sorcerer in Avengers Infinity War. However, Robert Downey Jr’s Tony Stark died in Avengers Endgame and Doctor Strange cast a spell to forget Tom Holland’s Peter Parker in Spider-Man: No Way Home. So just who on earth are these two others? Possibly variants, but not just any variants. DON'T MISSTobey Maguire fuels Doctor Strange 2 rumour ‘I haven't closed chapter' [TOBEY MAGUIRE]Doctor Strange 2 first reactions 'very positive, major awesome cameos' [FIRST REACTIONS]Tobey Maguire ‘set for Doctor Strange 2 and his own Spider-Man 4’ [SPIDER-MAN] There are already rumours that Tom Cruise is playing an Iron Man variant in Doctor Strange 2. The Mission: Impossible star famously almost portrayed Tony Stark in the first MCU movie instead of Robert Downey Jr. As for Spider-Man, Doctor Strange 2 is a Sam Raimi movie and given that Tobey Maguire reprised his Peter Parker in Spider-Man No Way Home, it’s certainly possible he’ll be back for Multiverse of Madness. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits cinemas on May 6, 2022. SOURCE