National Insurance contributions go towards funding Government projects, but they can also be linked to benefits eligibility too. Additionally, boosting one’s NI record with credits could see them receiving hundreds more in retirement.  Some benefits offered by the Department for Work and Pensions have a certain National Insurance contributions requirement. These are called contributory benefits and include: READ MORE: Dragons’ Den reject now making millions as cast notes they have 'a sense of regret'     Often the amount that one receives from these benefits, or if they are eligible for them at all, require a certain amount of contributions measured in “qualifying years”. These are years where one paid the necessary class of contributions for the specific benefit. Maternity Allowance and Contribution-based/New Style Employment and Support Allowance are available for those that have paid class one or two National Insurance contributions but not class three. On the other hand, only class one contributions qualify for Contribution-based Jobseeker’s Allowance.  All three classes are eligible for Bereavement Benefits and the new state pension. The class of National Insurance contributions one pays depends largely on the type of work they do and where they are in the workplace hierarchy. Employees pay class one contributions, currently at 12 percent which is due to increase to 13.25 percent in April. This rate is only paid on earnings above the primary threshold of £184 per week.  Those earning more than £967 per week face a class one contribution rate of two percent, due to increase to 3.25 percent in April. Employers also pay class one contributions, known as secondary contributions, which is currently 13.8 percent on the earnings of each employee who earns more than the primary threshold. Self-employed Britons pay two separate types of contributions. The first is class two paid as a weekly flat rate, and is usually part of their self-assessment tax bill.  Additionally, they may pay class four contributions based on their profit levels. Class three contributions are known as voluntary contributions. This is usually used by people who want to top up their contributions in order to get more state pension or fill a gap on their National Insurance record. National Insurance credits can help Britons fill these gaps and top up their contributions too if they are eligible to receive them.