New world No 1 Daniil Medvedev's position in tennis could be under threat with calls to ban Russia and Belarus from the International Tennis Federation. In the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the Ukrainian Tennis Federation has put pressure on the ITF to ban Russia from all individual and team events, which could see players like Medvedev expelled from competing. Medvedev has become the first non-Big Four player to hold the top spot since February 1, 2004. The new world No 1 had his spot officially confirmed with the ATP rankings updated and published on Monday, showing him sitting firmly at the top after a successful 12 months including a US Open title win. It makes him the first Russian man to occupy the top spot since Marat Safin in 2000 but Medvedev’s achievement comes as anything but a celebration of Russian sport as the country’s president Vladamir Putin continues with his plans to invade Ukraine. There have already been calls for Fifa and Uefa to ban Russian teams from competition and Formula 1 has cancelled the Russian Grand Prix. JUST IN: Djokovic given US Open hope amid Indian Wells ban over vaccine status  Now, the Ukrainian Tennis Federation has called on the ITF to ban Russia and Belarus from the organisation. Writing a letter to the international governing body of tennis which looks after team events including the Davis Cup, they also requested Russia be banned from team and individual tournaments. "Russia and Belarus do not have the right not only to hold international competitions on their territory, but also to participate in all ITF team and individual tournaments abroad," it read. The ITF has already indefinitely suspended all of their sanctioned tournaments in Russia, and said Belarus would not hold any events in 2022. DON’T MISSNadal reveals key to form amid Djokovic fight with 'special' commentRaducanu told not to make panicked decision as Brit sent warningNadal addresses Federer record after beating Norrie in Mexican Open  "This is a fast-evolving situation; we are in active discussion with the ITF tennis family and the ITF Board to decide and align around our next course of action," it said. If they move to ban the country from competitions it would see the men’s world No 1 kept out of all ITF-governed tournaments, with the victorious Russian teams unable to defend their Davis and BJK Cup Finals crowns. The country of Russia enjoyed immense success in team competitions in tennis last year, with the country winning both the Davis Cup on the men’s side and the Billie Jean King Cup on the women’s side, with both competing as the ‘Russian Tennis Federation’. They also won gold and silver medals in the mixed doubles with an all-Russian Olympic Committee final as Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and Andrey Rublev defeated compatriots Elina Vesnina and Aslan Karatsev, while Karen Khachanov won the men’s singles silver medal. It could also cost Medvedev his world No 1 ranking in the extreme and unlikely scenario that individual Russian players are kept from competing and withdrawn from the tennis standings. With Medvedev and all other top pro male players a part of the Association of Tennis Professionals, his ranking would only be in danger if the ATP independently decided to sanction Russia and its players from competition. It means in a worst-case scenario, players including Medvedev and Rublev would represent something of a Russian Tennis Federation rather than the country of Russia itself, with the flag and national anthem stripped from use in professional tennis similar to the Olympics. The same would apply to the Women’s Tennis Association, which currently has three Russian players in the world’s top 30 – the same amount as the ATP, as well two top 20 players from Belarus - Aryna Sabalenka and Victoria Azarenka.