America’s Got Talent star Jane ‘Nightbirde’ Marczewski has died after a brave battle with cancer. She was 31 years old. A source told TMZ the singer died on Sunday while she was undergoing treatment for cancer which had spread to her lungs, spine and liver. In August 2021, the star had been forced to pull out of America’s Got Talent due to her health issues. In a statement on her Instagram page, Jane told her 1m followers: “Since my audition, my health has taken a turn for the worse and the fight with cancer is demanding all of my energy and attention. “I am so sad to announce that I won’t be able to continue forward on this season of AGT. “Life doesn’t always give breaks to those that deserve it—but we knew that already.” She continued: “Thank you for all your support, it means the world to me. “Stay with me, I’ll be better soon. I’m planning my future, not my legacy. “Pretty beat up, but I’ve still got dreams.” Jane had sung her own original song called It’s OK in her audition, which was written about her battle with cancer. She received a standing ovation from the adoring crowd and judge Simon Cowell gave her the Golden Buzzer, propelling her to the final. The performance has since garnered almost 40million views on YouTube. Jane had first been diagnosed with breast cancer in 2017. READ MORE...David Dickinson's wife shares secrets behind husband's tan [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent gives rare insight into family life [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson shares impact of floods: 'Our block was deluged' [UPDATE] By 2019, she had been told by doctors she had just three months to live, but she refused to let it define her and outlived her prognosis by miles. “It’s important that everyone knows I’m so much more than the bad things that happen to me,” she said before her audition. The star added that she had a 2 per cent chance of survival. “But two percent is not zero!” she vowed. Howie Mandel, who was also a Jude on the show, paid tribute to Nightbirde on Twitter. “@_nightbirde was such a bright inspirational light in all our lives,” he wrote. “We must continue to live and learn from her words and lyrics. "As much as I feel horribly about her passing I feel lucky to to have met, heard and known her.”