Rylan Clark, 33, jokingly called his friend, former Apprentice star Thomas Skinner, a “p***k” when he tricked the presenter into being the new face of his bed shop which opens this weekend. Rylan was completely unaware of his involvement with the project until he saw posters for the shop opening with his face plastered all over them. The Radio 2 host playfully confronted the businessman in view of his 1.6 million Twitter followers. He wrote: “So Thomas Skinner rings me, ‘Ry pop down Saturday to my shop opening’. “I say course mate very proud of you (I’ve known him for 15 years). READ MORE:Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning “He then sends me this...what a p***k. I’m gonna kill you!” Luckily, Rylan saw the funny side and added a multitude of laughing emojis to the post. The Strictly It Takes Two presenter included the promo poster in question for Thomas’ bed shop opening. It featured Rylan with a big grin on his face next to a speech bubble saying: “Possibly the best bed shop in the world.” The advert then named Rylan as the guest of honour and said in large, bold writing: “Shop opening by Rylan!” Tom, who was fired by Lord Alan Sugar in week nine of series 15, reposted the advertisement and quipped that Rylan will be “cutting the ribbon”. He said: “So guys! Lots of hard work but we finally got there! “My first bed shop is opening this Saturday at 10am in Brentwood. DON'T MISSRuth Langsford reacts as Eamonn Holmes' GB News co-star replaced[LATEST]'How dare he?' Piers Morgan fumes over Prince Andrew settlement claims[INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display[NEW] “I’ve talked Rylan into cutting the ribbon. If you’re in the area, you’re more than welcome to pop in. There is a Sainsburys car park across the road. See you from 10!” (sic) It comes after Rylan returned to BBC Radio 2 on Saturday after he was forced to miss two weeks on air. The former X Factor star had been rushed to hospital for an “extended stay” after coming down with a mystery illness. On Thursday, Rylan also returned to his hosting duties on The One Show alongside Alex Jones. The presenter broke his silence on the state of his health when his co-star asked: “How are you love, people have been worried?” The Celebrity Big Brother winner responded: “I’m good, it’s so nice to be back! Oh, you know me, I just love a little drama, don’t I?” He then seriously said: “No, I’m very good. I’m very good now, thank you. I had a little bit of a dodgy time but I’m good."