Ukraine has sent the West a plan to defeat Vladimir Putin after the Russian leader unleashed an attack on its neighbouring country. Dmytro Kuleba, Ukraine’s foreign affairs minister, warned the “future of Europe and the world is at stake”.  He urged the West to “act immediately” after Russian forces fired missiles at several cities in Ukraine and landed troops on its coast on Thursday after President Putin authorised what he called a special military operation in the east. Listing a five point plan, Mr Kubela called for “devastating sanctions” against Russia including global payment system, SWIFT, which is used by more than 11,000 financial institutions in over 200 countries, a “full isolation” off Moscow, weapons, financial and humanitarian assistance. He tweeted: “The world must act immediately. Future of Europe & the world is at stake. To do list:“1. Devastating sanctions on Russia NOW, including SWIFT“2. Fully isolate Russia by all means, in all formats“3. Weapons, equipment for Ukraine“4. Financial assistance“5. Humanitarian assistance”  Mr Kubela's comments echoed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy who appealed to world leaders to impose all possible sanctions on Russia, including on Putin, saying that the Kremlin leader wanted to destroy the Ukrainian state after he declared a martial law. In response BBC Political Editor Laura Kuenssberg said MPs would consider the actions by the end of the day after the first round of “timid” sanctions. She tweeted: “This is the list of action Ukraine is asking the West for right now - let’s see what leaders can actually agree by end of the day after what was considered timid first round of sanctions by many MPs.”  READ MORE:Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated A Downing Street spokesperson said Prime Minister Boris Johnson will chair a Cobra committee meeting at 7.30am to discuss the response to the "horrific attack”. Mr Johnson accused said Putin has "chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction" with his attack on Ukraine and warned the UK and its allies would respond "decisively". A Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson had assured Mr Zelensky the West "would not stand by as President Putin waged his campaign against the Ukrainian people".  DON'T MISS  Russia explained: Why are Russia and Ukraine at war? [EXPLAINER]EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [INFO]Boris Johnson announcement: PM to give urgent address on Russia [INSIGHT] The spokesperson added: ”The Prime Minister said he hoped Ukraine could resist and that Ukraine and its people were in the thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom people during this dark time.” Putin announced the action during a televised address early on Thursday morning, saying the move was a response to threats from Ukraine. He said Russia does not have a goal to occupy Ukraine, but the responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian "regime".  The Russian strongman also warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to "consequences they have never seen". Putin accused the US and its allies of ignoring Russia's demand to preventUkraine from joining Nato and offer Moscow security guarantees. He said the Russian military operation aims to ensure a "demilitarisation" of Ukraine, adding that all Ukrainian servicemen who lay down arms will be able to safely leave the zone of combat.  Explosions could be heard in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv shortly after Mr Putin's address, while explosions were also reported in the cities of Odesa and Kharkiv. Ukraine's border guard agency said the Russian military attacked the country from neighbouring Belarus. The agency said that the Russian troops unleashed an artillery barrage as part of an attack backed by Belarus. They said the Ukrainian border guards were firing back, adding that there was no immediate report of casualties.