Canada is a popular choice for British ex-pats, and one couple said it was is the "best place" they have lived as ex-pats. Tina and Norm are a pair of retirees who are spending their time travelling the world and documenting it on their YouTube channel. The couple loves to travel and spends half of the year in Portugal. They also discuss their retirement finances and how they afford their lifestyle. Norm and Tina discussed ex-pat life with Express.co.uk. The couple said the best place they had ever lived as ex-pats was Canada. READ MORE: Spanish share their view of Britons in Spain - ‘always complaining’ and ‘disrespectful’ The couple emigrated as a young family with children, choosing to settle in Ontario. A number of areas in Ontario are popular with British ex-pats. Over 15,000 Britons live in Hamilton, Ontario, more than 10,000 in London, Ontario, and 17,000 in Canada's capital city Ottowa. "The best place we have lived as ex-pats is Canada," they said. "It feels spacious. The roads are wide and straight, and outside of major cities the traffic is light." DON'T MISS'Secret Mallorca': 'Gobsmacked' couple find quiet beauty spots [HOLIDAYS] Brits in Valencia need paperwork 'everywhere' [EXPAT] Influencers detail how they afford to travel full time [INSIGHT] The weather in Canada was a big draw for the couple. They said: "We enjoy the four seasons and the blue skies we often get." The couple commented on how the greater number of "blue sky days" in Canada was beneficial to their mental health, compared to "grey" Britain. "When we first arrived in Canada we felt the country was a blend of the USA and the UK," the pair said. "Had we settled in Quebec, we would think it a blending of France and the U.S. "The other attraction was buying a house or car was significantly cheaper than the UK at that time. "Canada also has great access to the U.S. either, by flying or driving." On the other hand, the couple said: "We haven’t experienced a country that is bad for ex-pats. "It may be difficult to get a residential visa in some English-speaking countries." Another couple of ex-pats in Spain discussed the biggest challenges of living in the country. The couple moved to Valencia, Spain, an area they have dubbed "the best place in Spain." "Overall it has not been too difficult to adjust," they said. "Life here has many of the conveniences that we enjoy back home. "We would say the biggest adjustments were eating hours and business hours being very different from where we come from.