All coronavirus laws in England including the legal requirement for people who test positive to isolate will end on Thursday before free universal testing is scrapped in April. Boris Johnson set out the strategy for "living with Covid" late on Monday afternoon after a Cabinet disagreement centring on funding for future surveillance of the virus disrupted his plans. But The View host Whoopi Goldberg mocked the Prime Minister for his announcement after the Queen contracted Covid. She said: "He's been in a lot of trouble recently because he was throwing all kinds of parties in the midst of Covid-19. "I find it very funny that he's now like, gung ho and we don't have to do it anymore. "This comes at the same time the Queen cancelled her engagements after she got Covid. "Could Boris be jumping the gun on this or is this part of what we're going to be seeing?" READ MORE: Sunak plots slashing of EU Red tape in £95BN Brexit breakaway coup  Host Joy Behar interjected: "Did the Queen go to his parties?" Whoopi continued: "You never know with her. Joy added: "They seem to be jumping ahead of themselves right now. We're all sick of it but that doesn't mean the medical science has caught up yet." Sunny Hostin added: "It's tone deaf at this point to announce this on the eve of the Queen announcing she's contracted Covid. "They have one job and that's to protect the Queen and they couldn't even do that." It comes as there is a "strong possibility" that Covid jabs will be given every autumn alongside flu vaccines for those most in need, a member of the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) has said. Professor Adam Finn told BBC Breakfast it was important that older people and the vulnerable came forward for their spring booster, with a wider rollout to be announced for the autumn. Asked if people could expect an annual jab, he said: "It's hard to be absolutely sure about that, but the direction of discussion at the moment is certainly a booster campaign in the autumn, directed probably at the people who... we think are most at risk. DON'T MISS PMQs LIVE: 'Where is the rest?' Johnson set for savaging over Russia [LIVE]Boris Johnson given a 'get-out' in lockdown parties row [INSIGHT]Pupils who fail key GCSEs to be refused student loans [ANALYSIS] "Whether that goes on year after year like the flu programme is still an open question and depends on what coronavirus does to us in the interim, but it's a strong possibility that we may have a winter-time campaign, combined with the flu vaccine campaign, going forward." Prof Finn said the scientific community was concerned about the lifting of restrictions because "this is a tricky business, we really can't predict the future with all that much confidence". He added: "We have to make a best guess, we have to base it on the evidence that we've got and we clearly all of us don't want to go back to a position where large numbers of people are dying and being admitted to hospital. "But we have to make the best call that we can. "And I think the public have done a lot to mitigate the seriousness of the pandemic by being cautious, avoiding transmitting infection to each other, taking vaccines, wearing masks and so on. And I hope they'll go on doing that."