After several years of bachelorhood, heir to the throne Prince Charles, 32, announced his engagement to Lady Diana Spencer, 19, on this day in 1981. The couple's engagement was documented with a series of photographs on the grounds of Buckingham Palace. Express.co.uk spoke to behavioural expert Darren Stanton on behalf of Slingo, to get his take on Prince Charles and Princess Diana's body language in their engagement pictures.  In some of Charles and Diana's engagement snaps, Charles stood behind Diana on some steps as they smiled at the camera. And according to Mr Stanton, Diana's "doubts" about her impending nuptials were evident in her body language. Mr Stanton said: “Looking back at Prince Charles and Princess Diana’s official engagement photos from 1981, it’s clear to see that, right from the outset, Diana displayed moments of doubts when it came to her relationship with Charles. “Charles is seen standing behind Diana with his hand on her shoulder - a gesture that is very revealing on many levels.  READ MORE: Royal expert tells Queen watchers of concerning moment to watch for "It’s not as intimate as one would expect for a newly engaged couple and instead appears quite formal. "No matter how reserved you are, something like an engagement should have you feeling overjoyed - with Charles, his face isn’t engaged, suggesting his smile is not genuine. "There are no crow’s feet at the side of his eyes, with these lines usually a sign of true happiness and sincere emotion. “Similarly, Diana’s posture in the photographs is also quite interesting.   "Her head is tilted slightly towards Charles’ shoulder - a gesture that suggests she was looking to him for reassurance and felt like a fish out of water." Another photo from Charles and Diana's engagement photocall showed Charles playfully rubbing Diana's shoulders, a gesture perhaps intended to ease some of Diana's nerves as she was thrust into the royal spotlight. Mr Stanton added: “In another photo, Charles appears to be rubbing Diana’s shoulders. "In itself, it is quite a sweet photograph and Diana’s expression is one of true enjoyment, she affectionately responds by leaning into Charles.  DON'T MISS:‘Prince Charles breathing all over her!’ US chat show on Queen Covid [INSIGHT]Prince Charles coronation warning: ‘Problem’ with ‘archaic’ ceremony [ANALYSIS]Why Prince George might never be King [INTERVIEW] "For Charles, however, it doesn’t seem as enjoyable and his posture appears to be crafted in a way to suggest they were a couple very much in love to anyone else looking on." With the world's press present, Charles and Diana also took a spin around the grounds of Buckingham Palace. And while Diana would later be known as a confident fashion icon, her demeanour in her engagement photos appeared far more reserved. Mr Stanton explained: “There is also a great photograph of the couple walking around the gardens at the palace, Diana’s arm is linked through Charles’ and the pair are shoulder-to-shoulder.  "At times her free arm is positioned behind her back - standing with your hands behind your back is generally a posture reserved for people in authority who feel very confident. However, in this case, it becomes quite awkward as it seems to be the opposite of how Diana appears to be feeling. “While she went on to establish her self-confidence and personal power, here she comes across unsure and her facial expressions demonstrate a hesitant smile rather than one of confidence.” 