Staycations boomed in popularity over the last two years as Britons chose to holiday in the UK. Independent Cottages have named five incredible UK destinations that will make British tourists feel like they’re abroad. Seeing the Northern Lights is a dream for many British tourists but they would normally have to travel to Scandinavia to do so. Independent Cottages said: “They might not be aware that it is possible to view the Aurora Borealis in remote areas of Scotland. “The isles in the Outer Hebrides, including Lewis, Uist or Harris, provide the perfect conditions to view the ‘mirrie dancers’.” British tourists who want to catch a glimpse of the incredible natural phenomenon should hurry as chances are best before the end of March. READ MORE: Furious Jet2 passenger 'trapped in Tenerife' loses two days of holiday France’s lavender fields in Provence are world famous, but there are also some incredible lavender fields a little closer to home. Independent Cottages said: “British tourists can find an equally beautiful landscape hidden in Norfolk, which is also renowned worldwide. “With nearly 100 acres of lavender being cultivated, visitors can have a leisurely stroll around the lavender fields and gardens situated near the West Coast of Norfolk.” The best time to visit Norfolk’s gorgeous lavender fields is during the summer period between mid-June and mid-August. The stunning region of Lake Como in Italy is popular with celebrities including George Clooney. However, Independent Cottages recommend people try the Lake District this year if they want to go boating. The incredible Lake District is one of the UK’s top tourist destinations and offers a huge range of outdoor activities. From rowing boats to hiking, active British tourists will find everything they need in the Lake District. Gorgeous Portofino in Italy’s Riviera is one of the world’s most beautiful holiday destinations. However, Britons might enjoy the charming and stylish village of Portmeirion in Wales just as much. The tourist village was designed by Sir Clough Williams-Ellis in the style of Portofino between 1925 and 1975. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Fab first visit to this quirky and interesting village. Has a tropical feel to the place.” The French Riviera has long been one of Europe’s most evocative spots and is one of France’s most popular holiday destinations. However, British tourists could find just as much beauty at England’s own Riviera. Torbay in Devon was first described as the English Riviera after it drew comparisons with the French region in Victoran times. The 22 miles of coastline take in Paignton and Brixham and is especially beautiful during the summer months.