Looking to treat your loved one to a sunny holiday? The Iberostar Group is now offering discounted stays across five-star beach and urban hotels in Europe with free perks in every hotel. Whisk your loved one away to a holiday in the sun with this offer from The Iberostar Group. Available now, customers can book 20 percent off beach and urban hotels in Europe. With prices that start from £70 up, travellers can also get even more free perks at hotels, including room upgrades, a complimentary bottle of champagne and tapas, free signature cocktails, massage discounts, late check-outs and more. It’s the perfect gift and available to book in selected beach hotels from now until 28 February 2022, for stays until then. Travellers can also book and enjoy stays in urban hotels from now until 31 March 2022. To redeem the discount, enter the code ‘LOVE22’ at checkout. Please note, this deal is subject to availability and excludes selected rooms at certain hotels so be sure to book early to secure your holiday. Here are some of the best hotels to book. A beautiful hotel with direct access to the beach, travellers can book a discounted stay at Iberostar Cala Millor and its rest with the Iberostar Aliveness program which includes treatments, gym classes and more. Plus, at this hotel customers can get 15 percent off on all massages, a free bottle of cava or cocktail, San Valentinl, in the hotel bar, and late check out at 2PM and early check in. Book here (£70.57 up) Known as the grand hotel of Santa Cruz, stay in the luxurious Iberostar Heritage Grand Mencey in Tenerife, and eat delectable food in the hotel’s restaurants and relax in the spa. With the Valentine’s discount, travellers will also get a room upgrade, welcome gift, a signature cocktail at Bar Iballa, late checkout and an upgrade to a gastronomic menu for two when they book in the hotel’s restaurants. Book here (£81.50 up) With a historic building and unique features like a library, enjoy a stay at the Iberostar Las Letras Gran Vía in Madrid, which is stunning with a beautiful terrace with views of the Madrid skyline and swimming pool. Travellers booking this hotel with the offer will get free vermouth and tapas for two when they arrive, a room upgrade and unique romantic decoration in the room. Book here (£83.16 up) In the city of Barcelona, book a stay at Iberostar Selection Paseo de Gracia which has a classicist monumentalist style, rooms with city wide views and dine at the hotel’s restaurant, Ca’s Menestral, which specialises in Balearic and Mallorcan cuisine. With this offer, guests will get a welcome gift in the room and a bottle of champagne. Book here (£105 up)