The two princesses are the only children of Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah, Duchess of York. Because Beatrice and Eugenie are not full-time working royals, they do not have to adhere to the same standards as other royals, such as Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. However, the two princesses still take part in major public events and are likely to be part of the celebrations this year for their grandmother, the Queen as she marks her Platinum Jubilee. She told Express.co.uk: “There was a discussion that the York princesses would lose their royal style and become styled as children of a Duke and that got vetoed. “I suspect because they were already born and it would have been seen as cruel. “But it was already decided then that they were not going to be working royals and I think that was a big mistake.” Beatrice and Eugenie do not take money from the Sovereign Grant that the Government pays the Queen each year out of Crown Estate funds. The money is used for the Royal Family’s official public duties and to maintain the palaces they inhabit. Although they are not working royals, Beatrice and Eugenie both still use the HRH titles. Their right to use HRH is protected under the Letters Patent issued by King George V in 1917. The order stipulated that the children of the Sovereign may use the titles Prince and Princess and HRH. The children of the sons of the monarch may also use these titles. Prince Charles’ children William and Harry were both given the Prince titles when they were born. DON'T MISS: WATCH: Hilarious moment Kate Middleton's ride down Legoland slide almost ends in disaster [LATEST]Wallis Simpson’s bizarre gift to royal chef: ‘What am I to do?’ [INSIGHT]Royal Family 'relieved' Prince Andrew settled Virginia Giuffre case: 'Would be ghastly' [ANALYSIS] Anne, the Queen’s only daughter, turned down Her Majesty’s offer of courtesy titles for her children, Zara and Peter. Prince Edward’s children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, also do not have Prince and Princess titles. Their stylings were the choice of their parents, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Ms Koenig explained how the announcement about their names was made. She said: “The implementation came without a Letters Patent, that Edward’s children would be styled as children of an Earl. “Rather than their rights under the 1917 Letters Patent that they are technically Prince and Princess. “And the announcement basically said the Queen decided and Edward and Sophie agreed to this.”