Married at First Sight Australia season nine started airing Down Under a few weeks ago with a new set of singletons ready to walk down the aisle and say their "I do's" to a perfect stranger. But did any of them make it through the entire experiment and are any of the matches still together? Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about the MAFS Australia season nine couples. Ella and Mitch were sexually attracted to one another right from the get-go with Ella telling her husband: "[The experts] definitely hit the nail on the head with things I asked for." The show is still in its early days with none of the cast saying outright if they are together or not but there are some key clues. This couple, for instance, are following each other and liking one another's posts on Instagram which is a positive sign. According to Australian publication Who, they were also seen walking hand-in-hand to the Reunion so it is looking good for this pairing. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the next couple Holly and Andrew. They had some unusual conversations on their wedding day but it seemed as if they were getting on well. This was until they started rowing and Andrew walked out of a dinner party, leaving Holly alone at her final commitment ceremony. READ MORE: EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? Even on what was meant to be the most romantic day of their lives, Tamara and Brent were bickering. He later called his wife a "psychopath" and it seems things just went from bad to worse. When it was revealed that some of the show's couples were not following each other on social media, all of the contestants started to do so. But Tamara and Brent have only done so recently which could be an indication of the show telling them to do it rather than because they are on good terms. A TikTok video by photographer Jayden Seyfarth showed the pair turning up to the reunion alone which is another big indicator that things turned sour. Anthony couldn't take his eyes off his new bride and Selin had plenty of praise for her beloved. Bookmakers Sportsbet favoured them to leave in the third week of commitment ceremonies which could be a sign of a leak from someone connected to the show. They are another couple who only recently started following each other on Instagram. After meeting her groom, Domenica said in an interview: "I'm definitely feeling the chemistry. "I just wanted someone who had a really kind smile and beautiful energy." It is strongly believed the couple are still going strong having appeared on the show TODAY Extra at their home with their dogs the morning after their wedding aired. So it looks like the experiment did work after all for Domenica and Jack. Selina and Cody didn't exactly get off to the best start as he said he wasn't sexually attracted to her. Fans are continuing to watch them work on their connection and it does seem it has worked as they have followed one another on social media from the start with Cody also following her business account. As well as this, they were spotted holding hands in the filming of the reunion episode. DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION[]Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEORY]Married At First Sight Australia 2022 UK release date [RELEASE DATE]  Samantha joked on the day of their wedding that she wanted a divorce which set the precedent for the rest of their journey. They are one of the couples who only recently started following one another's Instagram accounts and SportsBet predicts they will leave before the show is done. However, it has been reported that Al has been seen wearing his wedding ring which has confused fans. On the other end of the spectrum are Olivia and Jackson as it is thought they are still together. They have been following their social media accounts from the start and were seen walking into the reunion filming together. Fans have loved these two from the very start with everyone swooning when Olivia said she was "broken" due to her self-esteem issues and Jackson responded: “Cool, I’ll bring the toolkit. We'll fix it up.”  Season nine of MAFS Australia started on the other side of the world earlier this year. Typically, UK fans have to wait around eight months for the same series to begin but thankfully, this won't be the case this time around. So what will all of the couples' journeys look like after marrying a stranger? Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues every night on Channel Nine in Australia. The ninth series premieres at 9pm on Monday, February 21, on E4.