Doctor Strange 2’s latest trailer wowed MCU fans at its Super Bowl debut on Sunday and there’s one scene in particular fans are going over with a fine tooth comb. Benedict Cumberbatch’s sorcerer was handcuffed and escorted in front of the Illuminati, as Patrick Stewart’s Professor X said, “We should tell him the truth?” The superhero group of big brains from Marvel Comics has included Stephen Strange, Charles Xavier, Iron Man, Namor, Mr Fantastic and Black Bolt, so there’s a ton of speculation that variants of these characters will show up for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Patrick Stewart is reprising his Professor X from the Fox X-Men movies and could well be a variant given that Charles Xavier died in Logan. And then there’s Black Bolt, who was played by Anson Mount in the ill-fated Inhumans TV show, which was cancelled after just one season. By the sounds of it, the 48-year-old is being given another chance to play the ruler of Attilan. A couple of months ago, Fandomwire – who correctly predicted Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield’s inclusion in Spider-Man No Way Home a year before release –report that the Inhumans leader is indeed in Doctor Strange 2. However, that outlet didn’t know for sure if it would be Mount reprising his role as Blackagar Bolton or not. Nevertheless, Screen Geek now report that the original star will indeed be playing the Inhumans part in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Allegedly, this will be as a variant, and our best guess would be that he’s a member of the Illuminati alongside Professor X. All this should, of course, be taken with a pinch of salt. But it is worth noting that respected MCU leaker MyTimeToShineHello retweeted the story. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2: Patrick Stewart's Xavier may be from classic series [PROFESSOR X]Doctor Strange 2 Super Bowl trailer sets up new Iron Man shock [IRON MAN]Doctor Strange 2: Deadpool creator all but confirms massive fan theory [DEADPOOL] A popular theory is that the Illuminati are the villains of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. It’s speculated that they’ve arrested him for his meddling with the multiverse in Avengers Endgame and Spider-Man: No Way Home, with the only remedy being to destroy the MCU reality Earth 1999999. The new blockbuster’s official synopsis reads: “The MCU unlocks the Multiverse and pushes its boundaries further than ever before. Journey into the unknown with Doctor Strange, who, with the help of mystical allies both old and new, traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary.” Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is released in cinemas on May 6, 2022. SOURCESOURCE