The 1.25 percentage point hike comes amid a huge energy price cap rise and the highest inflation rate in three decades, battering consumer pockets from all sides. That's why Robert Lee, corporate partner at Wright Hassall, has suggested how Britons can slice their tax bill and help their money go further this year. National Insurance will be increasing in April to help fund the Government’s social care scheme. The increase is supposed to be temporary, only lasting until April 2023, when a new 1.25 percent health and social care levy will be brought in. This new levy will affect pensioners as well as working-age Britons. The increase is coming at one of the worst possible times with many urging Rishi Sunak to push it further back. The 1.25 percentage point increase threatens to eat away at workers’ earnings, while energy increases and general inflation edge them towards poverty. READ MORE: TV licence fee warning: What you should be aware of if enforcement officer turns up Mr Lee added: “The sudden rise in taxes isn't welcome news for many and for individual households and consumers, it is a rise which may mean sacrifice in lifestyle, and general amenities.” National Insurance is a “fundamental component” of the UK, helping to fund the welfare secure social benefits, but the hundreds extra being paid in bills may not be worth the trade off for low income earners. Mr Lee noted that the increase “will impact different people in different ways”. He explained that this is due to the varying landscape of National Insurance across the country as the wages in certain areas differ, creating varying tax bills.  He said: “London paid the most tax, and Northern Ireland paid the least. Again, this will be based on the average wage in the region, however, other factors do come into play. London overall will be impacted the most, however, the average salary and wage is higher. “This new increase will particularly affect those on lower salaries. For example, someone on a £20,000 salary will pay an extra £130 a year, or £10.80 a month." Meanwhile, someone on the average UK salary of £30,000 will pay an extra £255 a year. He noted that a combination of factors are slamming savers as “taxes continue to rise, along with the cost of living and inflation, but for many, wages do not”.  National Insurance is not something that can legally be avoided, although there are some things savers can do to offset the impact of the rise. Mr Lee shared: “Paying into a pension scheme is a great way to save on tax as you get relief on contributions. “If your employee has a salary sacrifice scheme, take advantage of this, however, it could lower your overall income. If you get a bonus, your employee could also allow you to sacrifice some into your pension too. “Check out other schemes your employer may have such as cycle-to-work or childcare vouchers.”  Mr Lee added that households should also budget for the rise to avoid being out of pocket at the end of the month. “Be sure to adjust your budget for the new National Insurance so you don't overspend and can keep on track as best as possible. Take into account your monthly earnings and factor in the new additional tax, and be sure to check your pay slip carefully when the new payments start so you know it's right.” He concluded: “Make yourself aware of any possible help you could receive too, such as tax relief for working from home or marriage allowance. Do your research, it may pay off.” Hassall Wright studied the 2019 to 2020 financial year tax contributions and noted that National Insurance was only the third biggest tax for Britons. Income tax took top rank bringing the UK over £827million in contributions while National Insurance contributed £144million.