The would-be named Storm Gladys is heading for the UK and is predicted to bring more appalling weather throughout the latter end of this week. The UK has been hit by a string of storms all within days and hours of each other, with Dudley, Eunice and now Franklin causing widespread damage and destruction. During Storm Eunice, the worst storm to hit the country in three decades, an astonishing 122mph gust was recorded at The Needles on the Isle of Wight, setting a new record for England. Residents in parts of the south of England and Wales were told not to leave their homes as rare red warnings for wind were issued. Three named storms in the space of five days is a record for the UK - and now there is potential for four storms within the space of eight days. And there seems to be little respite for Brits this week as another named storm could be on the cards - but will it hit near you?  READ MORE: UK flood warning LIVE: Homes 'still underwater' Saturday looks to be the day most likely for a new storm to make land in the UK. A Met Office spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Storm Gladys has not been named. “Further unsettled weather is expected this week, with high winds and the potential for snow in northern areas, including Northern Ireland.” Maps show a strong jet stream driving weather systems across the North Atlantic, bringing a succession of weather fronts to the UK. The core of the jet is propelling the band of air that circles the polar region, firing up storm systems as they pass over the UK. While windy conditions have eased today after Storm Franklin, heavy showers and winds are expected in the north east of England and south east of Scotland. As a result, the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for the regions, beginning on Wednesday at 6am and ending at 3pm.  DON'T MISSSnow forecast: Britain facing nationwide -12C big freeze - maps [INSIGHT]DWP urged to give pensioners £500 via Cold Weather Payment scheme [REPORT]UK flood warning LIVE: Homes 'still underwater' [LIVE] The warning reads: “Winds over parts of SE Scotland and NE England will increase early Wednesday with gusts of 40 to 50mph expected widely, and very locally as high as 60 mph. “This is likely to lead to some travel disruption before winds ease from the north during the afternoon.” Further windy conditions are forecast for much for the UK on Thursday - which could end up being named Storm Gladys. Northern Ireland is likely to bear the brunt of the forthcoming bad weather. Maps show the strongest winds are likely to be across Northern Ireland, the Isle Of Man and Irish Sea coasts on Saturday. The Met Office spokesperson explained: “The criteria we use to name storms are linked to our National Severe Weather Warning service, which looks at the impact the weather may have and the likelihood of those impacts occurring. “A storm is generally named when it has the potential to cause an amber or red warning, and are generally linked to wind, although additional impacts of rain and snow are also considered.” The next names on the storms list are: Gladys, Herman, Imani, Jack, Kim, Logan, Meabh, Nasim, Olwen, Pol, Ruby, Sean, Tineke, Vergil and Willemien. If you want to suggest a name for a storm, you can email the Met Office at nameourstorms@metoffice.gov.uk.