In an interview with the Daily Mail a few years ago, the West End star gave details of her health history, explaining that her “worst illness” occurred after an “emergency” operation to remove her appendix. Having stayed in relatively good health since, and saying that she desires to live for a long time in great health, the star reflected on the incident saying that at the time it was “urgent” as a scar had turned gangrenous. Living in Geneva with her husband, three children and two grandchildren at the time of the interview, the actress said that the location has kept her fit and healthy. When asked if she could run up the stairs she said: “Oh yes! And I do frequently. “We are on the 10th floor in Geneva, so I don't do those, obviously; but in our mountain chalet I'm up and down the stairs all the time. “I have no problems with dodgy knees.”  READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: Presenter's diagnosis came as a 'huge shock' - symptoms  “They took out a certain amount of intestine and it was all a bit urgent. “My parents were beside themselves, but I've never had any problems there since; there's just a faded couple of inches of scar.” Johns Hopkins Medicine explains that a procedure to remove the appendix is known as an appendectomy. The operation is typically done as a result of appendicitis, which can develop into a medical emergency if not treated promptly.  The NHS explains that appendicitis typically starts with a pain in the middle of your tummy (abdomen) that may come and go. Within hours, the pain travels to the lower right-hand side, where the appendix usually lies, and becomes constant and severe. Pressing on this area, coughing or walking may make the pain worse. The removal of the appendix has an excellent success rate and can now be carried out using keyhole surgery. Open surgery is the preferred method of surgery if the appendix has burst, or access is more difficult. Unluckily for Clark, her surgery left her in even more pain than before, as she developed a potentially fatal condition known as gangrene.  Johns Hopkins Medicine states that gangrene occurs when the blood flow to a large area of tissue is cut off. This then causes the tissue to break down and die, turning the affected area of skin a greenish-black colour. Gangrene comes in two forms, dry and wet: Depending on the location and cause of the gangrene, symptoms may differ. But the infection typically begins with a red line around the affected area. Other symptoms include: To cure the condition, antibiotics are needed in order to kill bacteria. Surgery may also be required to remove dead tissue and stop the gangrene from spreading to healthy tissues. Because gangrene can spread rapidly over a large area of the body, the amount of dead tissue can be quite large. Treating these large areas may result in: 