Strictly Come Dancing sisters Motsi Mabuse and Oti Mabuse have become firm favourites on the show, adored by the British public. Motsi has now revealed her devastation at the thought her beloved sibling hanging up her metaphorical feather boa and turning her back on the Strictly stage - for now, at least. Taking to Twitter, the 40-year-old, who has been a judge on the German edition of Strictly, addressed the big news. "I am so proud of this girl," she told her 71,000 followers. "I was there from your very first step and I always wanted to look out for you all the way but watching you grow is a privilege," she said of her sister who is almost a decade younger than the Strictly judge. "I sit back and tears of pride roll down !! READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning "Love you sis go get them and Good Luck," she continued, punctuating her point with a four-leaf clover emoji. She affectionately added: "She is a Lion, fearless." Meanwhile, a statement from the BBC that Motsi had attached underneath her message showed that her sister had made Strictly history by becoming the first professional dancer ever in the show's history to win the coveted Glitterball trophy twice in a row. Her wins over two consecutive years led the channel to gush over her "dazzling legacy" which they proudly showcased. Now that her reign has come to an end, it has been speculated in publications including the Daily Mail that Oti and Motsi's sister Phemelo could be set to take her place on the show. Though they are big shoes to fill, 35-year-old middle sister Phemelo definitely shares her siblings' skills and innate talent for dance, having appeared on the South African edition of Strictly and competed in ballroom dancing at a World Championship level. However, she has previously kept out of the limelight, having remained in the family's native South Africa and worked as a mechanical engineer. No comment has yet been made officially about who will step into Oti's position. DON'T MISS... 'How dare he?' Piers Morgan fumes over Prince Andrew settlement claims [DEBATE] Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts sensational curves in braless display [PHOTOS] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  However, 31-year-old Oti did take to social media to reveal her plans to her 640,000 followers, admitting: "Never easy to say goodbye." "Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers!" she exclaimed. "You are my family and I adore you all forever." The emotional South-African-born dancer, whose sister Motsi has also been making waves on the UK dance circuit as a Strictly judge, added that she now regarded the UK as her home. "I’m honestly so grateful to the BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank You from the bottom of my heart," she wrote. "I can’t put into words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. "Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family especially, friends, strictly fans and judges who have been my support throughout my Strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! "You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made everyday unforgettable! I love you. "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!"