The UK has been battered by storms Dudley, Eunice and Franklin in the last week causing chaos across the country. There was some flooding in York due to heavy rainfall and flood defences were deployed. However the council says the city is open for business in the wake of Storm Franklin. A City of York Council spokeswoman said: "Temporary flood defences were put up alongside permanent defences. "They held and, as a result, York was not and is not submerged. "While we’re aware of the usual localised and seasonal flooding that’s expected on the riverbank, no homes have been reported to us as flooded and nothing unexpected occurred. "A couple of riverside car parks and one city centre and three village riverside roads were flooded. "York is very much open for business with people enjoying the city and going about it as usual." Cllr Keith Aspden, leader of the council, added: "I’m immensely grateful to all council staff, partners and residents who worked tirelessly to support the city. “Together, they installed all necessary route flood defences and precautions, while keeping the city moving, well-informed and supporting our more vulnerable residents. “We can never be complacent about the impact of flooding on residents and businesses across the city. "While the Environment Agency were anticipating and we prepared for higher levels than were actually experienced, we are thankful that all defences held. READ MORE: Met Office warning as UK hit with heavy snow and lightning alert  “We will continue to call nationally for a joined-up approach to tackling flooding across the city and region to ensure that our communities and businesses are protected, as flood events become more frequent.” It comes as the Met Office has issued yellow warnings for wind, snow and lightning across parts of northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland on Wednesday. The Met Office said weather was expected to stay unsettled over the next few days. A yellow weather warning for wind was in force across north-east England, Cumbria, north and east Yorkshire and parts of Scotland from 6am to 6pm on Wednesday. DON'T MISSStorm Gladys to bring winter storm - what is thundersnow? [ANALYSIS]UK weather: Exact time Storm Gladys will hit today [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storms [VIDEO] A second yellow warning for snow and lightning covers much of Scotland and Northern Ireland from 5pm on Wednesday until 8pm on Thursday - with the possibility of 10 to 20cm of snow building up on higher ground, strong blustery winds and a chance that showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning. Met Office spokesman Richard Miles said: "For the areas experiencing flood impacts, that will stay the case for the next couple of days but there aren't any additional impacts expected outside those areas. "There will be rain across central and southern areas on Thursday so we will be seeing wet weather but not huge amounts of additional rain." He said there was nothing in the forecast for the next four to five days to suggest the UK could see another named storm but forecasters would be looking to see what was developing over the Atlantic.