PlayStation Plus subscribers have been given a glimpse of the free games for March 2022. Available to download from March 1, the free games include Ghostrunner, which is a must-have for speedrunners. The PS5 version of Ghostrunner will be joined by Ark Survival Evolved and Team Sonic Racing. As an added bonus, Sony is giving PS Plus subscribers the chance to download and install Ghost of Tsushima Legends, the standalone co-op version of the action game. It's difficult to pick out a headliner this month, as they're all pretty good games. Ark Survival Evolved has a score of 69% on Metacritic. Despite the middling score, the game has a hardcore fanbase. "In this MMO survival game, you awaken on the shores of a mysterious island and must quickly adapt to everything its hostile environment throws at you," reads the official description. "Harvest resources to craft items and build shelters, and use your newly crafted equipment to kill, tame or breed leviathan dinosaurs and other creatures that roam the land. And you’re not the only one stranded: team up with – or prey on – hundreds of other players." Team Sonic Racing, meanwhile, has a score of 72%. Reviewers praise the co-op twist on the kart racing genre, which sees two friends share items and racing lines to win a race. "The speeding ‘hog switches sneakers for wheels in this thrilling, competitive style arcade racer. Face-off with friends in intense multiplayer racing, race together across stunning worlds and work together as a team by sharing power-ups and speed boosts. "Pick one of the Sonic franchise’s iconic faces, who have been split across three distinct character types, then unlock game changing vehicle customization options to suit your racing style." Ghostrunner is my pick of the bunch, scoring an impressive 78% on Metacritic. "Wield a blade and perform amazing parkour feats to battle your way up a megastructure tower city in this intense, fast-paced first-person adventure. "Slice your enemies with a monomolecular katana, dodge bullets with your superhuman reflexes, and employ a variety of specialized techniques to prevail. One-hit one-kill mechanics make combat fast and intense. Use your superior mobility (and frequent checkpoints!) to engage in a fearless, never-ending dance with death." Finally, Ghost of Tsushima Legends is a standalone co-op version of the popular action game. It contains a selection of story missions, survival mode and a deadly competitive mode. "Ghost of Tsushima’s standalone, cooperative multiplayer experience is inspired by Japanese folk tales and mythology. "Choose from four unique classes – Samurai, Hunter, Ronin or Assassin – and invite friends or use online matchmaking to fight side-by-side as legends in four exciting game modes. Pair up to progress through the Story missions, gather three other players to take on Survival or go two versus two in the competitive Rivals."