Pensioners in need of financial support may be able to get some help by claiming Pension Credit. Pension Credit is a benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions to pensioners on a lower income. There are different forms of Pension Credit providing different levels of support. The core element is known as Guarantee Credit. Guarantee Credit tops up weekly income to: READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments due this winter - full list of eligible postcodes The other form of Pension Credit is called Savings Credit. It provides a lower level of financial support for people who have a greater weekly income already. Savings Credit pays out up to: DON'T MISSPIP explained: The full list of 19 conditions that may qualify for £608 a month from DWP [INSIGHT]Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [GUIDE]State pensioners may see sum affected if they have a workplace or personal pension [WARNING] Those who reached state pension age before April 6 2016 and who have saved some of their own money for retirement, such as a personal or workplace pension could claim Savings Credit. On top of the weekly income supplement, Pension Credit may also grant claimants access to various other benefits. For this reason, it has often been dubbed a ‘gateway benefit’. Pension Credit recipients may be entitled to the following benefits: Applicants will have their income assessed when they put in a claim for Pension Credit to see if they are eligible and how much they can get. Those who have a partner must include them on the application as well. For the sake of the calculation, income includes: Pensioners can apply for Pension Credit online via the Government website. It is also possible to apply over the phone, by calling the claim line on 0800 99 1234. A family member can call on someone’s behalf if they cannot use the phone. Alternatively, people can apply by post. To do this, they must print out and fill in a claim form or phone the claim line to request one, fill in the form and send it to the Pension Service.