Queen Elizabeth II resides in Buckingham Palace, a grand, extravagant home which boasts a whopping 775 rooms. Buckingham Palace is a mere two miles away from the Queen’s grandson, Prince William, his wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, and their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Queen Elizabeth II lived there with her late husband Prince Philip before his passing in April of last year. According to the Royal Collection Trust: “Buckingham Palace is recognised around the world as the home of The Queen, the focus of national and royal celebrations as well as the backdrop to the regular Changing the Guard ceremony.” The lavish and opulent home is reportedly worth an extraordinary £2.2billion. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould The “most famous property in Britain” is a colossal 828,821 square feet, complete with 40 acres of garden space. If Her Majesty were to put Buckingham Palace up for rental, it would cost an outstanding £565,000 per week to live there. But what makes Buckingham Palace so regal? Steeped in royal history, Buckingham Palace has been the official residence of the UK’s sovereign since 1837. Intricate and elaborate, the palace boasts 19 State rooms, 52 Royal and guest bedrooms, 188 staff bedrooms, 92 offices and 78 bathrooms. With this immense space, it is unsurprising that more than 50,000 people visit the palace each year for various banquets, lunches and parties. One such party was an iconic music concert in 2002 to mark the Queen’s Golden Jubilee. While the palace State rooms are open to the public for 10 weeks each summer, it is through photographs that the nation have gotten a real glimpse into the royal home over the years. The Queen’s latest Christmas speech was filmed against the backdrop of the White Drawing Room. With white walls, red patterned carpets and gold mirrors and frames, lit up beautifully with chandeliers and candles, this room is nothing if not majestic. The Throne Room is described as a “masterpiece” by the Royal Collection Trust, and holds the chair where Queen Elizabeth II was crowned in 1953. Covered in red and gold, it is an equally majestic and opulent space. In keeping with the theme, Buckingham Palace’s huge Ballroom is decorated and adorned with red, white and gold. A U-shaped table is central to the room, and surrounding it are elaborate paintings and chandeliers. The Music Room slightly deviates from the colour theme and introduces royal blue. It was where Queen Elizabeth II’s three eldest children, Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince Andrew were baptised. The outside of the palace is equally as marvellous, including a summer house, rose garden and tennis court, where King George VI and Fred Perry reportedly played. Royal garden parties are held here, and it must also make a delightful play area for the Queen’s great-grandchildren.