Love is Blind follows a set of eager singletons as they get to know each other in pods but their romantic dates come with a twist, they aren’t able to see each other. The Netflix series aims to connect people through their personalities rather than first appearances. Participants must make a snap judgement on whether to take their newfound romance to the next level. The couples who hit off get engaged before their all-important first look at the partner when standing at the altar. However, for contestant, Deepti Vemapti, the reality star shared her rage over partner Shake and claimed their relationship was “disingenuous” amid her time on the programme. This article contains Love is Blind season two spoilers. In a shock twist during the season finale, Deepti decided not to marry Shake. Throughout the series, viewers were made aware of the couple’s struggle with physical intimacy, which Shake, in particular, would often speak about. After watching the show back, the 31-year-old singleton began: “Shake and I had conversations about physical intimacy and that chemistry was lacking between us. "But to watch it back and see how he did it, it was kind of like, 'Oh, look at me, I'm this cool dude that's just gonna talk s*** about you to my friends’.” READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? She continued: “You don't talk about somebody who is your fiancé, let alone a best friend — or even just a real friend — that way." Later, Deepti confessed Shake’s comments were “hard to watch”, particularly for her parents who had previously supported the couple on their journey. Sharing her disappointment, the Love is Blind star said: “We welcomed him into our home.” Hoping to bring the couple closer, a massage date had been set up for the pair but Deepti claimed by that point, their relationship was a lost cause. Deepti recalled their massage date and felt their intimacy was “disingenuous” and “forced”. Shake described Deepti as "his best friend," but later insisted he didn't feel a physical attraction to her. While speaking about his feelings to fellow contenders, he admitted: "It feels like I’m with my aunt or something." As they approached their wedding day, Deepti discussed the elephant in the room, saying: “I want him to pull me in and kiss me. I want him to show affection. "Even if our physical connection is not gonna grow at all, it's becoming overshadowed by this emotional connection." When it came to the altar, Deepti couldn’t hide her feelings any longer, confessing: "I hope you know how much you mean to me and the impact you've made on my life, but no, I cannot marry you. “I deserve somebody who knows for sure, so I'm choosing myself. “I’m going to say no,” she told Shake. Describing the scene, Deepti came to her all-important decision after having a sudden “epiphany”. She asked herself:” Why am I trying to prove to this person to see me?” Making the decision to work away, the reality star remarked she had “done trying” with her partner and wants to find that special person who will love her unconditionally. Love is Blind season two is available to watch on Netflix