Kate Garraway, 54, candidly discussed how she is coping with caring for her husband Derek Draper, 54. Derek was put into an induced coma in March 2020 after he caught Covid. He spent 374 days in hospital before being allowed to go home with Kate and their children Darcey, 15, and Billy, 12, where he requires 24-hour care. Kate appeared on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show on Radio 2 on Monday morning. Zoe asked Kate how she is getting on and how Derek’s recovery is going, when she admitted that she is finding it difficult. The Good Morning Britain host explained: “It’s a very, very tough thing to do because it is physically demanding and emotionally demanding. “You know, it’s a wonderful honour to be able to do it but we do need more support. READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him “So, let’s hope we can get some. I think the documentary highlighted that.” Kate released her new documentary, Caring For Derek, last week as a follow-up to Finding Derek. It gave viewers an honest insight into the realities of being a full-time carer and how the family are coming to terms with Derek’s condition. She told Zoe that there are still “lots of chunks of hope” because so little is known about Covid. The journalist then highlighted that part of the motivation for the documentary was to shine a light on the experiences of carers around the world. She continued: “Part of the Caring For Derek doc was also for people who have got conditions where perhaps the prognosis is clearer and therefore maybe there is less hope and it’s more of a slog. “It is a wonderful thing to care for somebody whatever the situation. When [I] get the messages back [from viewers] you realise that people are saying, ‘Thank you, can you do more on this? Can you do more on that?’ “There are upwards of seven million family carers and millions more professional carers. We all know that professional carers are heroes but actually there are some heroes as well trying to mop up the gap, volunteers and family support for example.” DON'T MISSThe Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion[LATEST]Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning[INSIGHT]Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit[NEWS] Kate explained in her new ITV documentary that she wakes up every two hours to help the overnight carer move Derek in bed. She also has to change his bed linen seven times a day to avoid infection and keep him comfortable as well as help him with everyday tasks such as going to the toilet. The Life Stories host said her husband may never walk again because his muscles have seized up due to the coma. In an update to Zoe, Kate said the family “had a really good weekend” and that she feels “quite positive”. She continued: “It feels quite positive, I don’t know whether it was because the weather was lovely and the crocuses are out. “I’d love to give a big blob of a happy ending for Derek, I haven’t quite got that yet. “We have just got to keep pushing on. He is having different sorts of treatments, so we just have to keep everything crossed.”