Express Sport readers have had their say on the FIA’s recent reshuffle ahead of the new Formula 1 season, backing the sacking of Michael Masi, however many remain unsure on the appointment of new race directors Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas. Questions over Masi’s future were asked following the dramatic season finale in Abu Dhabi last season, after Max Verstappen secured his maiden world championship. With only a handful of laps to go, Verstappen found himself well behind title rival Lewis Hamilton who looked set to secure a record eighth championship. However a crash from the lowly Nicholas Latifi went on to cause chaos, as Hamilton’s once comfortable lead was all but wiped out. This came after Masi controversially allowed lapped cars between Hamilton and Verstappen to pass the safety car to leave the pair almost neck-and-neck with just one lap to go. JUST IN: Haas announce plans to remove Russian colours and run F1 test in 'plain white livery'  The title rivals were then left to play out a one lap shootout to decide the championship which the Dutchman went on to clinch thanks to a set of much fresher tyres. This contentious finish led to Hamilton, Mercedes and many within F1 questioning Masi’s decision with calls for the Australian to be sacked well documented in the aftermath. Two months on from the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, the FIA finally announced Masi would be removed from his race director post following an inquiry into the final day of the season. DON'T MISS  And it seems F1 fans are more than pleased with the decision following a recent poll from Express Sport. From 41,359 answers, an overwhelming 68% (27,961) believe the decision to sack Masi was in fact the correct decision, whilst just 28% (11,451) voted in favour of Masi and 4% (1,476) revealed they were unsure. Following the Australian’s dismissal, his job has now been deployed to two officials after the FIA appointed Wittich and Freitas to the role.   Despite this, the jury still remains out with the majority of F1 fans after a whopping 75% (30,679) revealed they will wait and see as to whether the appointment is a good one. Just 12% (4697) declared their confidence in Wittich and Freitas, whilst 13% (5427) revealed they were unsure. All will no doubt become much clearer in just over three weeks' time, when the 2022 campaign kicks off with the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday, 20th March.