Inflation jumped to 5.5 percent in the year to January 2022, while families found themselves paying for more goods and services, according to figures released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS). The ONS reports that clothing, footwear and furniture helped increase the rate of CPI inflation by going up in price. This is another rise from the 5.4 percent reported by the ONS in December 2021. Annabelle Williams, personal finance specialist at digital wealth manager Nutmeg, said: “It’s groundhog day for the UK as once again the data shows that inflation is tearing ahead. "There is no way to sugar coat it; the cost of living hasn‘t been this high in thirty years and wages aren’t rising to keep pace." She added: “Even though figures this week showed that average pay has risen 4.3 percent, when inflation is taken into account people are seeing a wage cut. This combination means money management is more important than ever.” Ms Williams shared some tips for adjusting for inflation . "Check your direct debits and cancel any for products and services that you’re not using," she said. READ MORE: Universal Credit amount explained: How much could you get?  "Consider fixing your mortgage if you have a tracker or variable rate mortgage that’s coming to the end of its term, now may be the time to consider switching to a fixed rate deal. Double check the features of your current deal vs a new one before making the decision to switch. "Spend smarter with cashback back from your bank or via a website on your essential purchases and everyday spending. "Fixed rate savings could offer you more than a flexible rate savings account. But getting a better savings rate may mean locking your money away for a year or longer. So make sure you have separate savings in an easy-access account for any unexpected events. "Consider investing if you’re putting money away for three or more years, then you may want to consider investing in the low interest rate environment."   Becky O’Connor, head of pensions and savings at interactive investor, emphasised what the likely impact of this latest inflation rise will be on state pensioners. Ms O’Connor explained: “Millions of people rely on the state pension in later life. Pensioners don’t get pay rises – they get upratings that depend on the rate of inflation the previous September. “This April, the state pension will rise by 3.1 percent - the level of inflation as it was in September but now dwarfed by the current rate of inflation. “The average pensioner receives £159.11 from their state pension, according to Government statistics. A rise of 3.1 percent takes this to £164 a week. A rise of 5.5 percent in line with current inflation would take this to £167.86 a week.  “The Government is likely to come under more pressure to increase payments to pensioners as they find it increasingly difficult to cover the basics such as heating. “The Government abandoned the state pension triple lock because high earnings rise figures would have taken the April uprating above eight percent and has since come under fierce criticism in the face of significant inflation.” Furthermore, the financial expert outlined how savers can “future-proof” their pension pots by taking advantage of existing Government support. Ms O'Connor added: “Pensioners need to make sure they are taking advantage of all discounts, offers and additional benefits that are targeted at people on the state pension. “Those on very low incomes might wish to check eligibility for Pension Credit. Don’t forget other benefits, such as carer’s allowance, for which you may be eligible.”  Colin Dyer, a client director at abrdn Financial Planning, warned that households should “brace themselves” in light of the pending energy bill rise and further inflation hike. Mr Dyer said: “After finishing 2021 on a 30-year high, UK inflation continued to climb in January. “Households should brace themselves for further acceleration in the cost of living until at least the second half of 2022, particularly when the energy price hike is implemented in April. “The Bank of England could also be justified in raising interest rates more than once over the next few months to defend these soaring prices – meaning even more challenges may lie ahead for households.”  Antonia Medlicott, the finance editor at comparison website InvestingReviews.co.uk, noted how inflation currently has savers in a tough position which will be difficult to get out of. “Savers have endured well over a decade of despair now and things just keep going from bad to worse,” Ms Medlicott said. “Even though interest rates are edging up, the rate at which inflation is rising is negating any of the benefits for savers. “The battle to keep returns real is brutal right now. Money left in a standard bank savings account is taking an absolute battering. “With inflation so high, this ISA season is going to leave a lot of investors scratching their heads as to where, and in what asset class, to invest. UK savers and investors are seeking real returns but the quandary is where to find them.”  Thomas Pugh, an economist at RSM UK, predicted that this latest inflation increase will make it more likely the Bank of England will take further action in regards to interest rates. Mr Pugh said: “Another rise in inflation in January increases the chances that the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) will raise interest rates to 0.75 percent at its next meeting in March. “Indeed, the MPC has a clear desire to shore up its inflation-fighting credentials and will want to act before inflation spikes in April. “There will probably then be another hike in May taking interest rates to one percent but we think that’s where the committee will pause as the inflation outlook becomes more benign in the second half of the year.” Alastair Douglas, CEO of Totally Money, explained how inflation is essentially cutting the wages of hard-working people across the UK, with little sign of a pay rise in sight. “Inflation is outstripping pay, meaning millions are getting effective pay cuts if wages aren’t increased,” Mr Douglas added.  “Also, not only have energy prices been one of the major drivers of that inflation, but the latest energy price cap news will add even more to household builds - an average of £500 - so there’s even more to come. “In isolation it might not seem like much, but combined, the reality for many is added stress on their finances and the risk of missing payments. “If someone can’t afford to pay their heating and rent, how can they navigate both? We need to support people to do this, giving them the tools they need to understand their situation and manage their financial commitments as best they can." While further inflation rises are expected in the near future, Dan Boardman-Weston, CIO at BRI Wealth Management, forecast savers can expect to see some relief by late spring. The financial expert explained: “The data continues to point towards another few months of rises in the rate of the inflation but we expect this to ease by April or May. “Given the strength of the labour market and the overall economy, it seems inevitable that the Bank of England will continue down the path of further rate rises. “It is important that the Bank is cautious with raising interest rates as a lot of this inflation still seems transitory in nature. “Raising rates at a time of high household bills and rising taxes could stifle the nascent economic recovery by putting the consumer under too much pressure.”