 There is only a certain amount people can save for their retirement and not have to pay tax on their savings. The Lifetime Allowance (LTA) may pose a risk to savers and their ability to put money away for the future. The Lifetime Allowance restricts the amount Britons can save into a pension before facing a tax charge. People who exceed the limit could be hit with a 55% tax charge. Pensions are usually tested for the LTA when they draw their pension, reach age 75, or on death. The LTA is currently set at a level of £1,073,100. READ MORE: State pension: 500,000 Britons will not get increase in April due to frozen pensions It will stay frozen at this level until at least April 2026, which could mean more people fall foul of the limit over time. A massive £342million in charges were paid as a result of exceeding the LTA for the 2019/20 tax year. This represented a 21 percent increase from the £283million paid in the previous year. People who exceed the LTA must report this on their self-assessment tax return. DON'T MISS‘Money is tight!’ Britons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [WARNING]Attendance Allowance claim: Parkinson's UK explains 4 different tests for getting benefit [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ALERT] The LTA was previously set at a much higher level, but has been reduced over the years. When it was first introduced in the 2006/07 tax year, it was set at £1.5million. It actually increased all the way to £1.8million in the 2010/11 tax year, the highest level it has ever been at. However, it was then steadily reduced down to £1million by the 2016/17 tax year, before being slightly increased to reach today’s level. The Annual Allowance works in a similar way to the LTA, in that it restricts the amount people can save into their pension in a given year before being taxed. The Annual Allowance is set at £40,000, but it can taper down to £4,000 for higher earners. Like the LTA, the Annual Allowance was once considerably higher. It was set at £255,000 in the 2010/11 tax year. People who breach the Annual Allowance must also report this on their tax return. One benefit of the Annual Allowance is that it may be possible for people to carry forward their unused allowances from previous years. This may be done from up to the three prior tax years. However, this is only applicable if someone has already maximised their current annual allowance and if they were a member of a pension scheme in the tax year (or years) they are carrying forward unused allowances from.