The energy price cap will skyrocket from April 1 for around 22 million customers, with Britons on default tariffs paying by direct debit seeing a huge jump of £693 from £1,277 to £1,971 per year. This massive increase is being driven by a record rise in global gas prices over recent months, with wholesale prices quadrupling in the last year. But in a further hammer blow to millions of Britons already struggling with the cost of living, Boris Johnson has warned the situation could be about to get even worse. Russia already supplies around 10 percent of the world’s oil, and some 40 percent of gas throughout Europe. Mr Johnson was in the House of Commons on Tuesday detailing the first raft of sanctions against Russia, when he was asked about the consequences of war on household energy bills. Conservative former minister Robert Halfon told MPs: "Can I just ask my right honourable friend. "What assessment have the Government made of the impact from the war on energy prices, of oil prices and the subsequent impact on people, on people at home. "What measures can the Government mitigate those factors, which, as we know, the war is likely to increase the cost of living for ordinary folk across the country?" The Prime Minister replied: "He is quite right that one of the risks of Putin's venture is that there could be a spike in gas prices, in oil prices. "The Government will do everything we can to mitigate it and help the people in this country but it's one of the reasons why the whole of Western Europe has got to end their dependence on Russian oil and gas." This comes with experts warning a rapid escalation in sanctions against Russia could send energy bills and inflation soaring to new highs, keeping prices higher for longer. READ MROE: Ukraine LIVE: Biden unleashes full power of US Army Mr Johnson announced financial sanctions against three Russian individuals and five banks and while this is not expected to impact UK households, experts have warned further punishments could inflict a devastating blow. Susannah Streeter, a senior analyst at private investor platform Hargreaves Lansdown, told The Independent: “Oil demand is likely to stay high, gas prices will be elevated for longer if the Ukraine situation erupts and wheat prices will support food price inflation. “It exacerbates the problems that we’ve already got. Tough sanctions would cause pain for UK consumers." Ms Streeter added a further escalation of sanctions against Russia could trigger a spike ven higher than the seven percent economists had warned would result from this. DON'T MISSPutin dealt ‘huge blow’ as Russia tipped for devastating recession [COMMENTS]Truss takes swift retribution on Putin – UK to unleash might of £24TN [LATEST]PM has been bullied by EU over Brexit - now Truss is about to do same [OPINION] But several other experts have cast doubt over whether the EU would now take an economic blow as the West tries to fight back against Mr Putin over Ukraine. Oksana Antonenko, director of global political risk at consultancy Control Risks, said: “Personally, I doubt that you will find a consensus within the EU. “To stop imports of Russian oil and gas is just, in my view, is impossible to imagine. "But it is possible to imagine that Russia will suspend supply of gas for Europe. “They’ve done that before, so the disruption is possible. "If that is to happen, I think we will see increased prices for sure.”