Formula 1 titans Mercedes and Red Bull are looking over their shoulders amid reports Michael Andretti is advancing plans to buy a seat at the sport's table. 'Andretti Global' would reportedly have no problem whatsoever coming up with the $200million (£149m) entry fee and could be ready to field a team as early as 2024. Former McLaren driver Andretti has confirmed he's ready to throw his hat back into the F1 ring but is approaching the deadline necessary to put plans in place for a 2024 debut. It costs $200m to enter a new team in Formula 1, with that figure to be divided evenly among the existing 10 teams in the championship. Paying the fee woul be no issue for the Andretti empire, however, with investors reportedly on board to help ease the burden as they seek their entry into a growing market. Andretti Jr.—who raced for McLaren in 1993 before returning to IndyCar—already has a UK site picked out as a potential headquarters, while Renault would be their engine supplier. The claims don't appear to be hollow, either, after motorsport journalist Will Buxton acknowledged the "very serious" feel about this approach to become a new powerhouse. JUST INFIA receive request to cancel Nikita Mazepin's licence over Russia's Ukraine invasion  “Speaking to a lot of folks in the IndyCar paddock this weekend. The Andretti F1 project is serious. Very serious,” Buxton wrote on Twitter. “They could pay the entry fee as chump change. And in a non budget-capped era have funding to make the top 3 wince. No wonder the establishment are worried.” Formula 1 introduced a budget cap in 2021 to ensure teams spend no more than $140m (£104m) per season, but it's understood Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari were splurging in excess of $400m (£298m) per season before the restrictions came into place. It says a lot about the investment behind 'Andretti Global' if the American outfit could have contended even in that era of heavy spending. DON'T MISSF1 drops new Drive to Survive trailer as Lewis Hamilton declares 'it's constant warfare'F1 fans back Russian GP cancellation after Ukraine invasion and demand long-term actionFernando Alonso's admission will concern Max Verstappen more than Lewis Hamilton  Although the first options were to attempt purchasing Sauber-Alfa Romeo or the American-owned Haas team, it's believed buying a fresh slot in F1 is a very plausible option. Andretti's father, Mario—who won the 1978 F1 world title with Lotus and was the last American to top the drivers' standings—recently tweeted his son "has the resources and checks every box" to field a team. That was after Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff questioned what the prospective newcomers would 'bring to the table' if they were granted a spot in the sport. Netflix's 'Drive to Survive' documentary series has increased F1's profile in the United States, and Andretti, 59, sees this as an opportune time to capitalise. “They want to do this and do it right and be competitive. They are not in it to just be in it,” Andretti replied when asked about his financial backers. “They are in sports already and they think Formula 1 is very attractive at the moment. “The popularity in the U.S. [is] growing. The timing is perfect." The 2022 F1 season will include two American dates, with the Miami Grand Prix set to make its debut on May 8 before the U.S. Grand Prix in Austin, Texas, on October 23. There are also rumours the calendar might introduce a Las Vegas Grand Prix, which could arrive as soon as next year.