It may be possible for Britons to get money off their TV licence fee, depending on their circumstances. Some people may save over £150 every year by getting a free licence. Three groups of people are eligible for either a free or discounted TV licence. Britons who are over the age of 75 may be able to get their TV licence completely free - although not everyone will be eligible. A colour TV licence costs £159, potentially making it a worthwhile saving for pensioners to explore. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim It is still possible to purchase a black and white TV licence, which comes at a reduced cost of £53.50. Over 75s can get a free licence if either: DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions: How Britons could save thousands of pounds on their bills [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak torn apart by 'extremely angry' colleagues over tax hike: 'Tax millionaires!' [REACTION]Sunak’s stupid and cruel 55% pensions tax must be axed before it does even MORE damage [TAX] A free licence covers everyone living at an address. People who already get Pension Credit can put in their application when they are 74 so there is no delay in getting a free licence once they actually turn 75. They will still need to pay for their licence until they turn 75, when they will then immediately get their licence for free. Those who live in a residential care home may be able to get a TV licence for just £7.50. This would provide a saving of £151.50 on a colour TV licence. To be eligible, someone must be either: If an individual is unable to apply for themselves, their housing manager can do it on their behalf. People who are registered blind can get a 50 percent discount on their TV licence. A licence would therefore cost £79.50 instead of £159. This would also cover anyone who lives with a person who is registered blind. The licence must be held in the blind person’s name in order to get the discount. Britons can apply for a free or discounted TV licence online via the TV Licensing website. They can also apply by phone on 0300 790 6071.