Zara Tindall was born in 1981 to Princess Anne, who refused to give her or her brother, Peter Phillips, royal titles. This meant Zara was able to have a relatively normal life growing up. Traditionally, only royal Princesses were allowed to wear tiaras.  But Zara was allowed to wear a tiara for her royal wedding to Mike Tindall. To date, this is the only tiara Zara has ever worn. Royal brides will often make a statement with their jewellery choices when they marry and Zara was no different. Zara honoured her mother by choosing a tiara that belonged to Princess Anne, the Meander tiara. The piece also made a nod to the Queen and Prince Philip as it was a wedding gift, according to gemologist and jewellery expert Deborah Papas. Deborah Papas is from Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn. She told Express.co.uk: "This is the most glamorous piece from Princess Anne’s stunning jewellery collection. “'Something borrowed’ does not escape the Royal Family.  “The stunning tiara which belonged to her Great Grandmother (Prince Philip’s mother, Princess Andrew of Greece and Denmark) was lent to Zara on her wedding day by her mother, Princess Anne. “Anne’s mother, Queen Elizabeth (then Princess Elizabeth) received it as a wedding gift in 1947 from Princess Alice of Battenberg who originally acquired it after she married Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark in 1903. “She was never photographed wearing it as she went on to other grander pieces. "There is no surprise that the bandeau is of a meander design and has a centre laurel and honeysuckle decoration on either side.  “It is studded with diamonds set in a white precious metal more likely to be platinum because of the era it was made. It is perceived to be made by Cartier in France. “It is not known how much the tiara is worth, but Papas estimates it to be worth over £1million and if it is a Cartier piece, it could be as much as £2million to £4million.” The royal first met her union rugby league player husband nearly 20 years ago, in 2003. Their engagement was announced seven years later in a statement that came from Buckingham Palace.  Zara was given a beautiful diamond ring with a classic design which has a valuation of around £140,000. The couple tied the knot on July 30, 2011, just a few months after Zara's cousin Prince William married Kate Middleton. While the royal wedding was around the same time, it was a very different affair. The royals invited a relatively small crowd of 400 people and the service took place at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh, Scotland. Zara's dress was fit for a Princess and designed by Stewart Parvin. It had a fitted pleated bodice with a drop waistline and lace cap sleeves. 