Scotland’s First Minister will today reveal the country’s long-term strategy to deal with the pandemic. The SNP leader is likely to opt for a more cautious route out of the Covid restrictions than in England. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to scrap all of England’s remaining Covid legal restrictions this week. By comparison, Ms Sturgeon said last month that Scots will have to make “adaptations to pre-pandemic life”. Speaking to STV’s ‘Scotland Tonight’, the First Minister appeared to suggest that some Covid measures like face coverings may be in place for several months to come. This month, Ms Sturgeon told MSPs at Holyrood that Scotland is “entering a calmer phase of the pandemic” but that “case levels are likely to remain high for some time”. During the pandemic, the SNP leader has renewed her party’s pledge to hold another referendum on Scottish independence. At the SNP Conference last year, she announced her administration would start the process to “enable a referendum before the end of 2023”. Ms Sturgeon said a new vote on Scotland leaving the UK would be held, “Covid permitting”. JUST IN: Brexit triumph as UK GDP figures trounce EU’s growth ‒ latest data exposes key win But despite the bold rhetoric from the SNP, major questions remain about how the Scottish Government would finance independence. Economics Professor at Edinburgh Napier University Piotr Jaworski warned in January last year that Scots might have to give up huge benefits such as free prescriptions if they went independent. He told Express.co.uk: “So, if we have a referendum, Scottish people might vote for going out. “But they would almost immediately realise that it means no more free prescriptions. “Then, it would be too late.” Prescriptions in England cost £9.35 per item but are available for free in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Free prescriptions are available for some people in England, including for the over-60s, under-16s and those in full-time education. In 2011, Scotland joined Northern Ireland and Wales in abolishing prescription fees. The SNP has not formally addressed the issue of free prescriptions and if they could continue to be funded post-independence. However, through the Barnett Formula, Scotland currently receives more money per head than England, despite paying in less money per head through taxes, and it is unclear how they would cover all their own costs. DON'T MISS: Birmingham earthquake: ‘West Midlands was shaking’ after 3.2 magnitude tremor [LATEST]Huge £40million palace in Sussex left 'abandoned' 35 years after work began: ‘Ghost House' [INSIGHT]Moors murders: 'Sick final twist' in killings after Ian Brady's death [ANALYSIS] The party’s MSP Emma Harper, a former nurse, did discuss the issue last year as she attacked the Conservative Party over reports it was planning to raise the age at which people can get free prescriptions in England from 60 to 66. She told Holyrood: “Health should not come at a price, yet these Tory proposals could leave thousands of people struggling or unable to afford medicines they need to stay healthy.” Professor Jaworski said he didn’t think Scots were ready for some of the harsh realities of Scottish independence. He said: “We will either go bankrupt or we will have to cut our spending if we achieve independence. “But there is a problem with that. “If we really want to leave Britain and join the EU, we would need to go through a very harsh transformation of the public sector. “I don't think the Scottish people are prepared for this.”