Lady Kitty leads a lavish lifestyle and often shares photos of herself in expensive designer gowns on Instagram. However, Kitty has previously spoken about how she lost weight for photoshoots. How did she do it? Kitty, 31, has undergone an incredible weight loss transformation in recent years. In a recent interview, she credited two main motivators for her weight loss journey: her modelling career and Harry and Meghan’s wedding. But her mother’s battles with drug and alcohol addiction, as well as her late aunt’s history of bulimia, also played a part in Kitty’s weight loss. Knowing of close family members who have struggled with mental health issues in the past, Kitty realised the importance of leading a healthy lifestyle. READ MORE: Meghan & Harry ‘brought attention to themselves’ expert claims When in London, she goes to spinning or barre classes, Kitty told Harper’s Bazaar in 2019. She is also not afraid to eat what she enjoys, revealing that she will grab a Pret A Manger sandwich for lunch and likes to eat truffle pizza. “It’s all just melted cheese – it’s heaven,” the model explained. She continued: “I guess I’m doing these things on my own terms.  “I don’t think it’s my job to starve to fit into an outfit. If I’ve agreed to do something for a brand or whatever, I look after myself but I’m not obsessive or unhealthy. “If a brand wants to work with me, and think their designs look good on me, then they can give them to me in my size.” Kitty, evidently, has a healthy approach to her body and weight, but she has been criticised for her size in the past. In 2016, an Instagram user left a comment underneath a photo of the model on holiday in the south of France. They wrote: “Lay off the cake, darling. You’re too fat.” At the time, 24-year-old Kitty responded: “I’m sorry that you feel the need to post nasty comments under photographs of people you don’t know. “I’ve yet to see unkind behaviour do any good in the world.” Kitty was later motivated to lose weight because of her first modelling job, back in 2017. The socialite told Town and Country magazine that the career choice was “the start of a confidence building exercise” which she wanted “to do for my older self, so I can look back and say I did it”. She was offered to be the face of designer brand Bvlgari and selected to be a model in the Dolce and Gabbana 2017 fashion show. Kitty said: “It was terrifying. I was 26 and working full-time for a charity, and I loved it, but it’s very different from that world of style. “I went home and spoke to my family, and my mum said, ‘well, why don’t you?’ I thought, ‘I’m going to do it for my older self, so I can look back and say I did it’.” Although Kitty started to watch what she ate and increased her exercise uptake, she later realised Dolce and Gabbana did not care about her size. She said: “I remember trying to be really healthy, going to the gym and doing that sort of stuff, and when I tried on the dress for a fitting, Domenico [Dolce] was like, ‘have you lost weight?’ “I proudly answered, ‘yes’ and he said, ‘oh, now the measurements are different’. There was no emphasis on size – that’s not what it’s about at all.” As well as her modelling career, Harry and Meghan’s wedding also motivated Kitty to change her lifestyle. After the big day, during which Kitty was photographed wearing a hand-painted Dolce and Gabbana Alta Moda dress, with a Philip Treacy fascinator, the socialite gained over 37,000 followers on social media. “It was very weird, and a little bit overwhelming,” she told Town and Country. Now, as well as spinning and barre classes, Kitty also enjoys swimming. Holly Zoccolan, a nutritional health coach and founder of The Health Zoc, told Express.co.uk: “As Lady Kitty Spencer makes it a priority to stay active whilst travelling, this shows her consistency with leading a healthy lifestyle. “She is often seen on social media swimming, using bikes and generally staying active when travelling. “As we know, consistency is key for a healthy mind and body so it’s great that Lady Kitty makes this a priority.” Holly added: “We can also see that Lady Kitty is not restrictive with her diet, but makes maintaining her health a priority so it seems that she leads a healthy lifestyle, as opposed to following restrictive diet patterns that cause an unhealthy relationship with food and exercise.”