NCIS has been on air for almost two decades and with every year it is growing in popularity. So much so, that the company behind it all ViacomCBS, has decided to create yet another spin-off for the franchise. Since the announcement, there has been plenty of speculation as to who is going to star in the upcoming police procedural. Since NCIS launched in 2003, there have been three spin-offs made which have aired on CBS. The first was NCIS Los Angeles, followed by NCIS New Orleans and then last year, NCIS Hawaii made its big debut on the network. Unfortunately, as news was coming out that NCIS Hawaii would be brought to life, NCIS New Orleans was coming to an end as the drama was axed. After seven seasons, fans had to say goodbye to the team in the Big Easy in May 2021. READ MORE: The Chase viewers stunned by 'hero' player's solo win 'Crying for him' Compared to the other spin-offs, New Orleans had the lowest ratings with a 23 percent viewership drop-off in season seven. This explains why the network chose to cancel the drama and make room for NCIS Hawaii which has gone down a storm with fans. Agent Leroy Gibbs' (played by Mark Harmon) answer to NCIS New Orleans was Agent Dwayne Pride (Scott Bakula) who led the team from the very first episode. With the drama now off-screen, could it be that Dwayne will take on a new challenge working Down Under? NCIS New Orleans ended with him tying the knot with Rita Devereaux who is portrayed by Bakula's real-life wife Chelsea Field. So if Dwayne was to star in NCIS Sydney which is slated for 2023, it possibly would see both of them in the new drama. Actor Bakula's Dwayne was a beloved character so having him lead the way in the next spin-off would be a great way to continue his journey beyond NCIS New Orleans. As of yet though, there has been no confirmation Bakula is going to join the Australian cast. DON'T MISS...Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute [TRIBUTE]NCIS LA fans in meltdown as fan-favourite return confirmed [REACTION]NCIS season 19: Torres set for new role after Palmer's daughter clue? [THEORY] ViacomCBS has stayed very quiet so far on what fans can expect from  NCIS Sydney. There have been no casting announcements but it will be filmed in the titular city, featuring "local stories and Australian actors". So this could mean that rather than an already well-known face in the NCIS universe, an actor from the country itself could be cast in the main role. While it is exciting news, fans won't be able to watch it in the same way as the rest of the franchise. NCIS Sydney is being developed specifically for streaming service Paramount+ Australia as one of its first original shows. The platform will only be available to those on the other side of the world rather than on CBS. But at a later date, it could also be shown in other territories worldwide once it has premiered. NCIS Sydney will premiere sometime in 2023 on for Paramount+ Australia.