Actor Samuel West plays the firm but loveable Siegfried Farnon on the popular Channel 5 TV show All Creatures Great and Small. He recently spoke on the Talkshire podcast about his relationship with Mrs Hall (played by Anna Madeley) and that her character was made more prominent than her counterpart in the book series. Much like the original long-running adaptation from the late 1970s, the most recent TV life of James Herriot's book All Creatures Great and Small has proven to be a hit with viewers. Fans already know that the show will last for at least another two seasons, renewed for seasons three and four earlier this year. Unlike many of the show's characters, there is one that deviates from its penned original. Samuel spoke about the show's strong female cast members on the podcast: "If you were talking to Anna [Madeley who plays Mrs Hall] about how she researched her part, it would be quite a short conversation. Read More:Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? "Because Mrs Hall in the original books is a housekeeper, as she is in ours, but that's all she is; she is an employee. "We realised very quickly that we were extremely lucky to have somebody as brilliant as Anna playing Mrs Hall." Wrapping with a festive special, the second instalment left fans wanting more from the Yorkshire based soap. He added: "Because it gives us that sort of layered idea of the story that even though Siegfried is a slightly old fashioned and certainly patriarchal man, he would like to think that his home is his castle and that he is the head of the house. "Deep down, and possibly not even quite so deep down, he knows that nothing happens in Skeldale House without Mrs Halls' say so or knowledge." The pair have great onscreen chemistry and knew each other before the show from their years at the Royal Shakespeare Company. Knowing his character's real place in the show, he continued: "And that if he is sensible enough not to say anything about it, then things work quite well that way. "He is her boss, but actually, they're friends and colleagues, and she's extremely wise, and she knows about things he would rather not talk about, and she makes him talk about things he would rather not talk about." DON’T MISS…Jane McDonald second husband: Why did cruising star split from Henrik Brixen?[LATEST]‘She made the right choice’ Call the Midwife boss opens up on beloved character's exit [LATEST]Death in Paradise's Neville Parker's exit sealed in Florence reunion twist? [LATEST] He furthered his admiration for the star by saying: "She is the beating heart of that place." Although not much has been said about the next two seasons, with series one and two launching in September, it is thought that the third cycle will possibly screen in September 2022. Anna isn't his only colleague with whom he has organic chemistry. Callum Woodhouse plays Tristan Farnon, and they have both said in a previous interview about how much fun they have together. The 55-year-old said they bounced off of each other as soon as they met: "When we met and thought we were quite a good casting for brothers, but that there was, you know, 20-something years between us." The two would discuss their character's backstories and family dramas adding: "And in fact, all the things that we talked about have come into being in series two." Season three of the hit Channel 5 drama will begin production shortly but a premiere date has yet to be confirmed. All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5 and AcornTV in the UK and PBS in the US. 