James Martin was joined by Katie Piper, pub landlord Lenny Carr-Roberts and chef Kuba Winkowski on the most recent instalment of his ITV show. James Martin’s Saturday Morning kicked off in the usual way with James being asked questions by fans of the show. However, this led to Lenny sharing an unexpected ingredient secret. James spoke to food blogger and student Tia who wanted to know the best way to make hummus. The student revealed she enjoys conjuring up vegan recipes of traditionally non-vegan dishes. Tia said: “I used to be addicted to hummus I used to go through one tub of hummus a day and that’s obviously quite expensive so I learnt to make my own hummus. “It’s a lot easier than I thought but I wanted to ask you…what’s the best way to make hummus?” Read more: 'Can be your enemy’ James Martin issues warning over scone recipe The TV chef began making the dip using chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice and garlic before asking Lenny his thoughts on the ingredients. He said: “A good top tip if you’re using tinned chickpeas, is to save that liquor that the chickpeas are in and use it to make vegan meringue.” “A vegan meringue?” James questioned and Lenny replied: “Yes the chickpea water.” “There’s one for your blog chickpea water you can make meringue,” James said to the viewer. She commented: “That’s a good idea I’ll try that.” “How the hell do you do that?” James asked his guest. Lenny explained: “I learnt this because I used to do veganuary so you save the chickpea water and whisk it like you would egg white, add sugar to it, it’s a vegan meringue.” “So it whisks up?” James clarified. “You’re doing this the next time you’re on. DON'T MISSJames Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [INSIGHT]James Martin sparks uproar as he uses butter on creamed scone [VIDEO]James Martin hits back at criticism over use of butter in recipes [INTERVIEW] “I’ve got to see this you’re going to make a complete hash of it on here.” “I’ll do it,” Lenny agreed and James added: “That’s amazing.” Later in the programme, the chef and pub landlord rustled up a fish stew. Lenny packed the dish with seas bass, monkfish, mussels, lobster and white fish. Meanwhile, guest chef Kuba prepared a Polish dumplings recipe named Pierogi. Throughout Saturday Morning James was in the kitchen making haddock fishcakes with a mustard cream sauce and a passionfruit and champagne Delice. He spoke to Loose Women panellist Katie Piper about her latest book A Little Bit of Faith: Hopeful Affirmations for Every Day of the Year. James Martin’s Saturday Morning continues on ITV on Saturday at 9.30am.