The Sport Innovation Society have deleted a tweet claiming that the Queen had requested 80 Manchester United shirts sporting Cristiano Ronaldo's name, with a personal request for the first one to be signed by the player himself. The Portuguese superstar sealed a sensational return to Old Trafford in September 2021, completing a blockbuster reunion with the club he left in 2009. After it looked as though Ronaldo would be moving to bitter rivals Manchester City, the Red Devils burst into life to nab him off their toes. Amid the excitement, Sport Innovation Society reported that 80 shirts have been ordered for the Queen's royal staff. On top of that, she had supposedly requested the first shirt be signed by the player himself. However, the tweet has now been deleted, and the website later added: "We could not confirm the veracity of the note from the Queen and CR7 so we decided to delete the tweet. Apologies." JUST IN: Liverpool’s Roberto Firmino injury may alter one player’s Anfield life There has been much speculation over the Queen's football allegiance, with previous reports indicating that West Ham was the club to hold a special place in her heart. With Prince William perhaps the most well-publicised football fan within the royal family due to his regular appearances in the stands at Villa Park, it is unknown exactly where the United link came from. Ronaldo holds the title of all-time international top goal scorer, and fans have been delighted to see him back at Man United. The move was made even sweeter for the Red Devils after it looked as though the 36-year-old was days away from sealing a move to their cross-city rivals. DON'T MISS Phil Foden: Police investigate assault on City star's mum [INSIGHT]Tottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte keep Kane [EXPLAINED]Man Utd missiles show post-lockdown football rage here to stay [ANALYSIS]  The former Real Madrid megastar has had a similarly awe-inspiring effect on the Old Trafford dressing room, with existing squad members generally overjoyed at his return to the club. United's goalkeeper, David De Gea, said: “It’s like a dream for all the Manchester United fans, for us. “Hopefully he can bring something special as well to make the team even better. It’s great to have him.” Defender Luke Shaw also had his say, adding: “I feel like it’s given the club a massive lift not just inside but also outside. “Obviously it’s a big positive. He’s been one of the best players in the world for a number of years now. "Everyone is excited for him to come in and not just learn off him but be able to play with him too.” Ronaldo's reunion at Old Trafford was always going to make headline news, and its effects were always going to be widespread, but spreading joy to Buckingham Palace was perhaps more ambitious than even the Portuguese himself could have imagined. Manchester United's next game is a Champions League match against Athletico Madrid on Wednesday, February 23.