After a long period of time, once soft and silky towels can become hard and crunchy. Overuse and poor washing techniques can to the fabric losing their fluffiness. Now, Nick Drewe, a trends and money saving expert from voucher code site WeThrift, has shared how to get towels feeling and smelling fresh again using baking soda. Baking soda is not only in most households but it can make a house shine without breaking the bank on expensive cleaning products. Nick said to make towels soft again, they first need to be washed twice before baking soda is used. He explained to Express.co.uk: “If your towels have started to smell or have turned hard and crunchy, simply wash them twice on your usual towel setting. “The first time with one cup of white vinegar diluted with hot water in the drawer. READ MORE: Why you should NEVER use bleach on mould “The second time, use one cup of baking soda diluted with hot water. “You will be left with fresh soft towels.” Baking soda also works to remove any unpleasant odours from towels. Wet and sweaty towels that have been left in gym bags, for example.  DON'T MISSShower door cleaning: The one thing to do after 'every shower' [INSIGHT]When to plant sunflower seeds - Best time of year for tall sunflowers [UPDATE]Bicarbonate of soda and lemon hack to remove limescale from taps  [ANALYSIS] Towels can become hard and crunchy due to how they’re washed. Having too many towels in a washing machine at once means there isn’t enough room to rinse out all the dirt and detergent. A similar reaction can occur if the tumble dryer is overloaded. Not enough air in the dryer can lead to stiff and matted towels. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some experts also suggest detergent could also be part of the problem. Too much detergent can build up on towels, leaving a soapy residue on them. Using fabric softener is also not recommended. Instead, swap fabric softener for vinegar and lighten the load of the wash.  Experts suggest using white vinegar once every six weeks to soften them. The vinegar works to remove the soapy residue that’s left on the towel. This will also improve how absorbent they are. Tennis balls or tumble dryer balls can also be used to remove lumps from towels while also softening them.