Ukrainian troops have continued resisting Russian incursions across the country amid fierce fighting along approaches to the capital city Kyiv. Footage from the frontline in Ukraine has shown a number of captured vehicles and wrecked military hardware from both sides. A recently surfaced video appears to show an abandoned Russian self-propelled anti-aircraft weapon. The tracked vehicle appears damaged in the short clip filmed by joyous Ukrainian troops. Weapons analysts have reported the vehicle to be a Russian 2K22 Tunguska designed to shoot down enemy planes. The vehicle appears to have been unmanned and it is unclear what happen to the crew. JUST IN: READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG The Kremlin's long-feared assault began in the early hours of Thursday Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said on Friday "subversive groups" were encroaching on Kyiv, as US secretary of state Antony Blinken said the capital "could well be under siege". US officials believe the action is an attempt by Russian President Vladimir Putin to dismantle Ukraine's government and replace it with his own puppet regime. The British Ministry of Defence has said a "fierce resistance" by Ukrainian forces was holding up the Russian advance. Minister Ben Wallace told Sky News: "Our assessment as of this morning is that Russia has not taken any of its major objectives, in fact it is behind its hoped-for timetable. "They've lost over 450 personnel. One of the significant airports they were trying to capture with their elite Spetsnaz has failed to be taken. "In fact, the Ukrainians have taken it back. "So, I think contrary to great Russian claims and indeed President Putin's sort of vision that somehow the Ukrainians would be liberated and would be flocking to his cause - he's got that completely wrong." DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] He added: "The Russian army has failed to deliver on day one its main objective." Mr Zelenskyy said in an address early on Friday that sanctions, announced by the UK and other G7 nations on Thursday, were not doing enough to deter Russia. "This morning we are defending our state alone. Like yesterday, the world's most powerful forces are watching from afar," he said. "Was Russia convinced by yesterday's sanctions? We hear in our sky and see on our earth that this was not enough."