Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has labelled himself an ‘idiot’ after he questioned the decision making of Jurgen Klopp ahead of the Carabao Cup final. The former Reds defender doubted the inclusion of Caoimhin Kelleher, who was the match-winner in the end. Liverpool and Chelsea played out one of the most exciting stalemates in recent history on Sunday evening. Both sides were close to their very best and thus were unable to break the deadlock, with thanks to VAR and the linesman who, between them, ruled out four goals for offside overall. But despite neither team being able to score, no outfield player could miss when the match went to penalties as Chelsea shot-stopper Kepa Arrizabalaga missed the all-important spot-kick and thus Klopp’s side won 11-10. Though he didn’t manage to save a single penalty, Kelleher was the hero on the night after he smashed his effort into the top left corner to put Kepa under pressure – who crumbled. JUST IN: Ex-Man Utd star Owen Hargreaves hits out at Ralf Rangnick view Speaking to Sky Sports after the game, Carragher said: “Anyone could’ve won that. It was a really tight game. In the shootout, some of the penalties were absolutely out of this world and it fell to the goalkeeper. “I was the idiot before the game who questioned Jurgen Klopp slightly in terms of playing Kelleher. He’s now the hero. “When you’re getting late on in the game, who’s going to be the hero? That man is the hero. To take the last penalty to then win the cup - - I mean, as I said, Chelsea played really well, Liverpool played really well. Two brilliant teams and someone’s unfortunately got to lose.” The inclusion of Kelleher was no great surprise given that Klopp had made it clear that the 23-year-old would play as he had been between the posts throughout the competition, but many felt like a cup final was an apt time to bring in no.1 goalkeeper Alisson. But Klopp was not overly shocked that he was repaid for having faith in the Ireland international. He said: “It is so nice that it [his inclusion] paid off. He deserves it. "I am two things, a football manager and a human being and the human being won this time. "He is a young boy, we ask him to do a lot, he starts playing in the competition and then we get to the final and I tell him he cannot play..." Klopp added. "In professional football, there should be space for sentiment. At the training centre, we have a wall that all goalkeepers are on who won something and Caoimhin can go on it - that's how it should be - absolutely great." After the match headed to penalties, it was inevitable that a goalkeeper would be the centre of attention when one team had eventually lifted the trophy – especially as Thomas Tuchel substituted on Kepa specifically for the shootout. The Spaniard has earned a reputation for coming up trumps when matches go to penalties, but the former Atletico Bilbao struggled to get near any of Liverpool’s 11 attempts on goal. Thus, questions have been raised as to whether Tuchel was wrong to substitute off Edouard Mendy given that the Senegal international was one of the best players on the pitch in normal time and made some exceptional saves. It remains to be seen how both Kepa and Kelleher kick on following this match, and whether either player will see their opportunities improve/worsen for the result.