The girl, named Polina, is believed to have been nine or 10 years old. She and her parents were shot dead by a Russian sabotage and reconnaissance group on the street in the northwest of Kyiv, the city's local authority reported. Her brother and sister were both taken to hospital, with her sister ending up in intensive care. Another young girl, aged seven, was killed during a Russian attack on a kindergarten. Alisa Hlans, just three months from her eighth birthday, was one of six people to have died in the attack, which took place on Friday. The kindergarten was located in Okhtyrka, a small town an hour from Ukraine's border. According to Prosecutor General Irina Venediktova, she died in hospital on Saturday. In another tragic case, five members of the same family were killed on the first day of the invasion. According to the BBC, the family were attempting to escape the Russian advance in two cars when they came under fire. A husband and wife, Oleg and Irina Fedko, along with their two children Sofia, six, and Ivan, just a few weeks old, were all killed. The children's grandparents, aged 56, also died in the attack. READ MORE: Putin reign of terror rages – nursery and orphanage attacked This comes as Ukraine's human rights commissioner estimated 210 civilians, including several children, had been killed in the conflict. The Russian army has been accused of war crimes by Ukrainian leaders. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said he would be providing evidence to the International Court of Justice. He said: "Today’s Russian attacks on a kindergarten and an orphanage are war crimes and violations of the Rome Statute. DON'T MISS: China 'playing long game' in Ukraine crisis - 'watching West closely' [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears: President 'sent mad' by Covid - warning to world [INSIGHT] Don't you dare! Ireland chief erupts at Russia [REACTION] "Together with the General Prosecutor’s Office we are collecting this and other facts, which we will immediately send to the Hague. "Responsibility is inevitable." Earlier in the day, Mr Kuleba hit out at Putin for bombing hospitals in Kyiv, calling it "beyond evil". He said: "Consider this: Putin has launched a massive war of aggression in Europe during a still raging pandemic. "On top of that, Russians bomb Ukrainian hospitals now. "This is beyond evil. "The only moral choice any government can make now is to support Ukraine by all means." Meanwhile, the Ukrainian Armed Forces accused the Russian army of using "methods of war prohibited by international humanitarian law", in a post shared to the force's official Facebook page. They accused Russian troops of "seizing social infrastructure", "wearing the uniform of the Ukrainian military, police and State Emergency Service", and "occupying children's camps and schools", among other things.