BBC Weather forecaster Carol Kirkwood forecasted wet rainy conditions in the South and Eastern parts of the UK. Ms Kirkwood also predicted temperatures dropping to minus two in the North. The Met Office has issued over five weather warnings for flooding in parts of the country. And Ms Kirkwood forecast a continuation of windy breezy conditions as in the North-West of England today. Ms Kirkwood said: "For many of us over the weekend, it was fine and settled with some beautiful sunshine. "And Sal is also right because this morning it is a bit of a different story. "We've got some rain which is moving swiftly Southwards and Eastwards. "Breezy conditions in the North-West and the South-West that will slowly ease as we go through the day. JUST IN: Ukraine invasion: Liz Truss urges NATO to boost defence spending - ‘Doing all we can’     Ms Kirkwood added: "So here's our rain, clearing Western Scotland leaving behind it a few showers. "The rain will persist across Northern England and the South-West where it will also be heavy, and it won't get down into the South-East until later on. "Behind it, it brightens up quite nicely, temperatures today eight in the North and two-thirteen in the South. "Noth through this evening and overnight eventually that rain does push down into the South-East, and it will be very light and patchy in nature as it does so. READ MORE: Former Miss Ukraine begins training to fight Russian soldiers – ‘Go straight to h**l'     Ms Kirkwood added: "Behind under the clear skies temperatures could fall away in some parts as low as minus two or minus three. "So, for Northern England, Scotland, and also Northern Ireland there will be a short frost, starting tomorrow. "So, talking of tomorrow we will have this cloud and rain in the South-East, and as we follow it through it goes into the Channel Islands. "And then it starts to come back into the South and again it's likely to be heavy.  DON’T MISS: Putin facing shell shock as US moves to 'choke' Russia with major retaliationUkraine army claims Russian troops 'ready to lay down weapons and surrender' in ChernihivLouis Theroux admission on BBC producer wife: 'I don't trouble her' Ms Kirkwood added: "Now it could travel a bit further East, taking its rain with it. "You can see where we've got the edge of the cloud across the Midlands, again it's going to be a fairly cloudy day in Southern areas. "But as we push further North with a ridge of high pressure building across us, means we'll be fine we'll be dry there will be a fair bit of sunshine with temperatures between seven and eleven." The Met Office has given two warnings for floods expected to take place, and they have issued 7 flood alerts for parts in the UK.