Madonna has already seen some of her more risqué photos banned by social media on "decency" grounds, but the steady stream of snaps has continued to come. Despite now being in her sixties, the Vogue hitmaker is more keen than ever before to pose, prompting some open-mouthed followers to claim that she looks "like a teenager" in the ageless pictures. In an apparent answer to critics who trolled her for her extraordinarily youthful photos and asked her to call a halt to the sexualised shoots, Madonna answered them all personally - with another photo. The 63-year-old gave a plump-lipped pout for the camera in her latest shot, while the phrase "Don't f**k with me" was scrawled across the front of her face in a defiant message. In another, she fiercely warned: "I'm sure I don't have stupid written across my forehead." Meanwhile, Madonna flaunted her golden-blonde locks in a third photo showcasing her chiselled cheekbones, which she had captioned: "Blonde ambition." READ NOW: Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning The series of fiery shots were posted to her Instagram Stories, but other age-defying photos have been posted to her main page as well. Fans marvelled at the youthful look she projected, quipping that the singer looked younger than her 25-year-old daughter Lourdes. In one of her most recent posts, Madonna accompanied photos of herself with Frida Kahlo quotes. One read: “I am my own Muse. I am the subject I want to Know Better”. @jeffschillerdrums seemed to want to know Madonna's secrets to looking youthful, quipping of her ageless glamour: "Not sure which dimension you came from @madonna, but I’m glad we get to experience you and you get to experience this one!" Other fans bombed the post with love-heart emojis and declarations that she was their Queen, as well as praising her for her "teenage" looks. Not everyone seemed impressed with her attitude though, with one follower, @littleprince_gr, joking: "So much #Ego." @beckycoldron criticised: "It's too unlike YOU. Sorry." DON'T MISS... Jacqueline Jossa forced to sell her house amid money struggles [BREAKING] Emily Maitlis bids farewell as Newsnight host QUITS BBC for rival [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [LATEST]  "Who tf is this 14 year old? What have you done with Madonna??" @jonnameless asked. @victoriaskye84 implored: "Can we get some non-facetuned pics? Please." However, her keenness to see a natural-looking photo of the star was shot down by some fans, including @irishmary422, who hit back: "No you can't, unless she chooses to post them! "So stop moaning and deal with it!" Madonna has also recently endured criticism from celebrities, who have also mocked her photos, including rapper 50 Cent. She responded by posting a 2003 photo of the pair together, captioning it: "Here is 50 Cent pretending to be my friend. Now you have decided to talk smack about me!” “I guess your new career is getting attention by trying to humiliate others on social media. The least elevated choice you could make as an artist and an adult. You’re just jealous you won’t look as good as me or have as much fun when you are my age!” 50 Cent has since apologised, although Madonna has branded his regrets "fake", while continuing to fight back against "ageist" comments and keeping the photos coming.