This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield is celebrating 40 years on TV and joined Lorraine Kelly for a morning of celebrations. In a whole episode dedicated to his career, Lorraine took Phillip back through his early years surprised him with special guests and congratulatory messages from friends and past colleagues. However, many fans were annoyed the whole episode was dedicated to Phillip and was confused as to why he needed the entire hour slot. Introducing the show, Lorraine said: "Hello and welcome to a very special show, now the stage is set, the guests are all ready, so let's welcome the man himself!" Phillip walked out onto her set, looking shy and coy at the attention he was getting from Lorraine and the ITV crew. "Oh my God," he exclaimed. "I've got my earpiece in my pocket!" Lorraine asked: "Are you sure you're okay with this? Ahh, see, you won't be needing it, you don't know anything that's happening. READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute "Without giving too much away, let me tell you what's happening in the next hour, we are going to take Phillip right back to his career. "Meet the person who is responsible for his big break, also officially the longest-serving full-time This Morning presenter and reuniting Phil with one of his favourite guests of all time, I think." However, after finding out the whole episode was dedicated to Phillip's successful career, people took to Twitter to express their annoyance. @SpinninAlb wrote: "Schofield on tv already?!.. Ok, time to turn over, even the kid's tv before #JeremyVine is more entertaining than the Smugfest on #Lorraine." @ChrisBeityUk commented: "The whole episode is dedicated to Phillip Schofield? Wow, #Lorraine." @Helen909King added: "He's been on tv for 40 years, he's not dead! #lorraine." @ChantalMascoe joked: "#Lorraine What is this This is your life?" Not all viewers had the same response, however, with many congratulating Phillip on his 40 years. DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco shares update on Flight Attendant [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Craig Tinker in heartbreaking twist? [WATCH] @hannmrfitz said: "Oh, I bloody love the fact that it is Phillip Schofield! #lorraine" @domain_harry praised: "Happy Anniversary, Phillip @Schofe #Lorraine." @PeterTellsHumour congratulated: "Congrats on 40 years, Phil! Can't wait to see you on screens for another 40!" (sic) Surprising Phillip, his This Morning co-star Holly Willoughby also joined the pair to speak about her 13 years of presenting alongside him. Holly revealed that Phillip was the only person who was fighting for her to become his co-presenter after working together on Dancing on Ice. She thanked him and said: "I thank you every day because I know that really you were on your own with that school of thought, and it was really down to you standing by that. "Without a doubt, if it wasn't for you, there would be no way I would be doing This Morning today, and I came onto that show, and I was green and new, and I didn't really know what I was doing. "I had done a bit of telly because I did Saturday Morning, but This Morning is such a huge, grown-up big tell show, and I just sat there and like a sponge absorbed everything." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.