As Russian tanks, troops and planes continue to roll across Ukraine, protesters in Russia have expressed their anger at their president with one of the earliest pieces of graffiti propaganda writing “Adolf Putin” in English in an underpass. EU spokesman Peter Stano told reporters in Brussels that the Russian President’s actions were comparable to the Nazis.  He said: “He is talking about de-Nazifying Ukraine, but he behaves like Nazis. “So this is all in his head. He's always saying something about preventing genocide. “Which is total nonsense because he is committing one or he is about to commit one.” Putin has accused Ukraine of Fascism because of the Neo Nazi groups that operate in the country such as the Azov brigade and Right Sector   Ukraine has also passed decommunization laws banning the Communist Party and all Soviet era symbols. He also has accused Ukraine of “genocide” due to its attacks on the Russian separatist Donetsk and Lugansk People’s Republics. However, the invasion has provoked protests in Russia itself. In St Petersburg, a major anti-war protest took place on Nevsky Prospect in the centre of the city. READ MORE: Ukraine war LIVE: Putin's worst nightmare begins as 'significant' NATO  In Novosibirsk, protesters held placards declaring “no war” in Lenin Square, while in Moscow, anti-war demonstrators voiced their anger in Pushkin Square. Protesters held placards comparing Mr Putin to Hitler, while others held placards proclaiming: “No war. Putin, go away.” Just minutes before the invasion on February 24, Putin gave a chilling speech, warning the West would face “wrath greater than any in history” if they interfered with Russia’s “specialised military operation” in Ukraine. In a television address, Putin called the West an “empire of lies” and called for the “demilitarisation and denazification” of Ukraine while stating that “we do not intend to occupy Ukraine.” DON'T MISS:  Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight' [REVEAL] Putin’s limp invasion MOCKED by MoD as new intelligence shames Russia [INSIGHT] Russian armed forces hit by huge death toll as Putin dealt major blow [SPOTLIGHT]  He added: “We can no longer simply observe what is happening NATO expanding into Ukraine is unacceptable for us. “A clash between Russia and these forces is inevitable. It is only a matter of time. “To anyone who would consider interfering from the outside - if you do, you will face consequences greater than any you have faced in history. 