Fire crews have warned of “tight spots” on roads which risk turning streets into “dead ends” for emergency vehicles. The parking warning comes from Kingsbridge Fire Station in Devon who experienced issues on a patrol. Their usual route on Church Street is currently closed so teams were forced to find alternative routes. However, they issued a social media warning after finding routes packed with vehicles making it almost impossible to pass. “Last night after our weekly training evening we took our appliance for a test drive around the possible routes to incidents whilst our normal exit is closed. READ MORE: Ministers 'actively considering' new parking laws with fines of £70 “We encountered a couple of tight spots on our way last evening: “On Waterloo Road, where a motorbike was parked at 90° to the pavement and a car was parked over the indicated line in the road. “On Henacre Road where two cars parked on opposite sides of the road had not left sufficient space for our appliance to pass with ease. “With more cars on the road and the increase of multi-generational extended families sharing properties, we know it is frustrating not being able to park outside your property. DON'T MISSBlanket ban on pavement parking is not ‘correct approach’ [COMMENT]Pavement parking delay is ‘long overdue’ and ‘not an option’ [INSIGHT]Electric car parked on pavement prompts fierce debate over charging [ANALYSIS] “But we politely ask you to remember our fire appliances are larger than cars and we need more room to get through. “Don’t turn your road into a DEAD END for the emergency services and be the reason we cannot help someone in need.” The Department for Transport opened a consultation looking into whether pavement parking should be banned back in 2020. The poll set out three options, including a nationwide ban which would see drivers fined for stopping on kerbs. However, the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) has previously warned introducing pavement parking rules could impact negatively on emergency service vehicles. They said in some “limited circumstances” it may be necessary for cars to stop on the pavement to ensure traffic flow is maintained. They warn cars parked either side of each other makes it “impossible” for emergency service vehicles to get down the street. The DfT has also previously warned pavement parking would be “necessary” in some areas to endure roads are accessible. But, this has been attacked by Living Streets who warned the ban should not be changed purely for the benefit of certain vehicles. They said: “We have significant concerns about guidance allowing local authorities to allow pavement parking where access for emergency vehicles is deemed an issue. "Fire engines shouldn’t become a Trojan horse which allows pavement parking to continue on narrow streets. "The sensible response is to ban parking on one, or both sides of the street, if necessary, to make sure that fire engines can get through. “As it stands, we fear some local authorities will exempt vast swathes of their streets to duck implementing the ban properly.”