The Prime Minister was among more than 50 people to be questioned by police over alleged parties at Downing Street during lockdown. The Conservative leader has faced calls from fellow Tories to resign over the gatherings that appeared to break Covid rules. Mr Johnson has returned a questionnaire to the Metropolitan Police as part of its investigation into a dozen gatherings. At the weekend, he refused to answer questions about how he would respond if he was issued with a fixed penalty notice over the gatherings. Speaking to the BBC’s ‘Sunday Morning’ programme, he said: “I can’t comment about a process that is under way.” He added that he would provide an adequate response to the situation once the Met investigation had concluded. A separate report into the parties by senior civil servant Sue Gray was published last month, although the Met asked her to make minimal reference to events it was investigating. In her findings, she wrote: “There were failures of leadership and judgement by different parts of No 10 and the Cabinet Office at different times.” JUST IN: 'By what osmosis would you know?!' Neil blasts Remainer who claims Brexit weakened Britain If Mr Johnson continues to stay on as Prime Minister after the Met’s investigation concludes, a political expert has said he could be forced out after the local elections in May if the Tories suffer a huge defeat. Dr Nicholas Dickinson from the University of Oxford claimed to Express.co.uk that Mr Johnson and the Conservative Party may face a “crunch point” as the public go to the polls in their local authorities. He said: “Assuming that we don’t have any more revelations that move this scandal on or push it into even more serious territory, I think it is going to be the local elections in May. “Politicians do read polls and they do care about them, but they pay much more attention to election results. “And I think if we start to see some of the negative polling crystallise in actual losses of council seats, that will be the point really at which I think the crunch point will come for the party. “They will decide that the political damage is severe enough that they need to do something about it. They can’t leave it any longer.” Dr Dickinson referred to damming recent polling on the public’s opinions of Mr Johnson. YouGov’s monthly approval rating tracker of between 1,623 and 3,326 adults found in February that 70 percent of people thought he was doing badly as Prime Minister. Meanwhile, an Ipsos UK poll of 2,038 adults carried out from February 9-10 found that 54 percent of Britons think Boris Johnson has done a bad job as Prime Minister. By comparison, 29 percent think he has done a good job to date, the same survey found. DON'T MISS: Trudeau is dividing his country! Tory MP savages Canadian PM over Ottowa protests [LATEST]Channel migrants in UK living in 'inhumane' conditions on less than £6 a day [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think UK should send troops into Ukraine if Russia invades? [ANALYSIS] Dr Dickinson was asked what the final push could be for Mr Johnson to leave office and what the Prime Minister’s ambitions were when he took up the job. He said: “I think that his long-term plan would have been to stay. “I don’t think most politicians voluntarily step down, really. “The closest you come to it is figures like Tony Blair, who to an extent, chose the time of his exit. “But even then, politicians are almost always pushed rather than choosing the time of their exit or they hit a term limit if they are in the US. “I think he wasn’t necessarily planning out those 10 years, but I think 10 would have been more likely.” He added: “I don’t think that this was ever planned to be a short-term premiership.”