In the early hours of Thursday morning, it was reported Russian troops invaded Ukraine from three directions, north from the direction of Kyiv, east through Donbas, and south from Crimea. Explosions were heard in cities across the country shortly after, and targets have only increased as the days have gone on. Reports state multiple missile and air raids occurred first, aimed to clear the ground for Russian troops to pass in to. Capital city Kyiv, along with Kharkiv, and Odesa were said to be among the first hit. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy says 137 civilians and military personnel have been killed and 300 people have been injured so far in the invasion. Russian troops were said to have entered from Senkivka, a three-way junction between Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine. READ MORE: 'Real danger’ petrol and diesel prices will hit £1.60 a litre   First attacking Ukraine’s military infrastructure and border guard units, Russian airborne troops and forces were said to have captured Ukraine’s Gostomel airfield as well as the former nuclear plant, Chernobyl. Explosions were heard in Brovary, a town located east of Kyiv. Russian tanks were said to have arrived in Kharkiv, the second-largest city in Ukraine. Numerous explosions were reported to have taken place nearby, as Ukraine’s defence ministry described “fierce fights” to be taking place in that area. Large explosions were heard in Donetsk, the Russian-backed breakaway region, as well as Luhansk, where it was reported that the Russian-backed separatists had launched an offensive on the Ukrainian-controlled town of Shchastia. Fierce fighting has also been reported around Sumy, a city located close to Kharkiv, and missiles were said to have also hit Dnipro and Zaporizhzhia. Crossing into the mainland of Ukraine through Crimea, Russian troops are said to have headed towards Kherson, targeting surrounding villages of Chonhar and Novo Alekseyevka with missiles. DON'T MISS: Putin threat: UK on red alert for 'attack' from Russia [INSIGHT] China cosies up to Putin in defiant warning to West [ANALYSIS] Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [OPINION]      Explosions were also reported to have taken place overnight in cities across the south, including Mariupol, Melitopol, Odesa, and Kherson. More Russian forces are reported to have congregated in the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov, positioning landing ships of size to deploy main battle tanks, armoured vehicles, and military personnel. Explosions have now been reported in two cities in the west, Lutsk and the airport in Ivano Frankivsk. Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed to have launched the military operation with the goal of demilitarisation and "denazification" of Ukraine, alleging that Ukraine's government had been responsible for eight years of genocide. Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelenskyy responded, asking how “people who lost eight million of its citizens fighting Nazis could support Nazism?”. The invasion comes following Russia’s resistance for Ukraine to join western defence alliance, NATO - an alliance Putin demanded NATO ban Ukraine from, of which NATO refused. Putin said in a statement: "Whoever tries to hinder us, and even more so, to create threats to our country, to our people, should know that Russia's response will be immediate." The West is responding with outrage to the crisis, issuing a number of severe sanctions against Russia.