Leicester City icon Gary Lineker has shut down suggestions that the club should sack manager Brendan Rodgers amid a disappointing season at the King Power Stadium. The Foxes haven't replicated their top-four-challenging form of recent seasons this time around and are at risk of missing out on Europe altogether. Rodgers has guided Leicester to back-to-back fifth-place finishes in the Premier League and lifted the FA Cup in May after a 1-0 win against Chelsea. But on top of being dumped out of the FA Cup fourth round via a 4-1 loss at Championship outfit Nottingham Forest, his side have won just one of their last seven league games and are winless in their last six, losing four of them. The most recent of those came on Sunday night in a 2-1 defeat at Wolves, who have replaced Leicester as this season's Champions League qualification dark horses. JUST IN: Man Utd missiles show post-lockdown football rage here to stay And with the club slumped in 11th in the league, questions are being pondered about Rodgers' security as boss. On Monday, Twitter account Footy Accumulators (@FootyAccums) asked their followers whether it was time Leicester dismissed Rodgers. They posted: "Leicester are the only Premier League side without an away clean sheet this season, conceding 23 goals in their 10 games. The Foxes currently sit 11th in the league. Is it time for Brendan Rodgers to go or should Leicester keep their faith in him?" READ MORE: James Rodriguez points finger of blame at Rafa Benitez for exit But Lineker quoted the tweet, strongly playing down talk of Rodgers' sacking and citing injury issues as a significant catalyst to Leicester's issues this season. He responded: "No, it's not time for Brendan Rodgers to go. Had rotten luck with injuries this season, and @LCFC would not be able to appoint anyone better. The grass is always greener…." According to The Telegraph, Leicester are backing Rodgers and planning for next season has already commenced. Injuries and summer recruitment have been identified as key contributors to the Foxes struggles this term, so the Northern Irish coach's job isn't under threat. Influential quartet James Justin, Wesley Fofana, Jonny Evans and Jamie Vardy are currently sidelined. Regardless, the club still have high hopes in Europe this season, despite their Europa League group-stage exit. Leicester beat Randers 4-1 in the first leg of their Europa Conference League play-off round on Thursday, and silverware will undoubtedly be on their mind. Lifting the maiden edition of Europe's third-tier competition would be a consolation for what has been a primarily drab campaign for Rodgers and the Midlands outfit. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.