Broadcasting live from inside Antonov International Airport (a.k.a. Hostomel Airport), a mere 15-miles from Ukraine's capital Kiev, CNN reporter Matthew Chance gave viewers the first glimpse of Russian soldiers as he revealed how they had allowed him to film after they took control of the airport. Mr Chance even told viewers how only moments before broadcast he had witnessed intense fighting between the two sides. The footage comes as a full-scale invasion of Ukraine launched by Russia in the early hours of Thursday is currently underway following orders from President Vladimir Putin. Cruise and ballistic missiles began the early dawn attack as Russia pounded Ukrainian military bases as well as control and command posts and civilian infrastructure. Casualties have been reported on both sides. But speaking from Antonov Airport, Mr Chance said: "We have come out of the centre of the Ukrainian capital Kiev, and we are here at the Antonov Airport which is about 15-miles outside of the centre. JUST IN Germany incapable of standing up to Putin! Shocking admission from OWN army chief “These troops you can see over here, they are Russian airborne forces. “They have take this airport, they have allowed us to come in and be with them as they defender the perimeter of this airbase here.” Mr Chance explained how the troops landed in the early hours of the morning to “form an air bridge”. He even added how he had spoken with a commander in the group who said Russian forces “are now in control of the airport”. READ MORE 'Putin has gone crazy' Ex-NATO chief issues terrifying prediction as Europe on cusp of war The reporter also noted how a Ukrainian counter offensive is underway to try and take back the airport from Russian troops. Russian helicopters fired scores of rockets on defending Ukrainian soldiers before Russian forces moved into the Airport, according to The Times. Russian soldiers have also broken through into the Kiev region from the north and are expected to surround the capital in days. It comes as a full-scale invasion by Russia from land, sea and air rocked Ukraine on Thursday morning after weeks of threats from crazed Putin. DON'T MISSall for tougher rules as new variant may be 'more lethal' [REVEAL] EU loses €25bn as UK and Switzerland strike OWN 'alliance' [INSIGHT] Macron fury as UK's Galileo replacement storms ahead [REPORT]  Heavy bombardments rained down on Kiev and the country's second-largest city of Kharkiv, alongside other locations. Following the aerial bombardments, troops poured in from the north, east, and south as the scale of the attack was realised, with 10-regions of Ukraine under siege. But Ukrainian troops fought back and said they had inflicted heavy casualties on the Russians. Western leaders are now scrambling to respond with sanctions, ruling out military action because Ukraine is not a member of NATO.