Arsenal are one of three clubs Alvaro Morata could be at next season, according to reports. Morata was linked with a move to Arsenal in January and it was claimed late in the window that the Gunners spoke directly to the striker regarding a move. The Spain international is currently in the second season of a loan to Juventus. Arsenal could soon be in desperate need of at least one new striker. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was allowed to leave on deadline day in January to join Barcelona. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract in the summer and look set to leave on free transfers. Dusan Vlahovic was a top target for Mikel Arteta in January. JUST IN: Chelsea star warned Thomas Tuchel will move on without him - 'They won't wait'  However, the Serbian didn't want to move to the Emirates and instead joined Juventus. That has further restricted the game time available to Morata in Turin. Barcelona are one of the clubs interested in signing the 29-year-old. Italian outlet CalcioMercato says Morata has to choose between moving to Barca, staying at Juve or joining Arsenal. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Rangnick responds to 'embarrassed' Harry Maguire after Leeds win [INTERVIEW]Tottenham have 'amazing' new weapon who can help Conte secure Harry Kane u-turn [QUOTES]Four clubs who could sign Cristiano Ronaldo as Man Utd 'ready to let striker leave' [TRANSFERS]  Atletico Madrid are his parent club but it appears they have no intention of keeping him beyond this summer. His contract at the Wanda Metropolitano expires at the end of next season so could be available in a cut-price deal. CalcioMercato says a return to Spain, and Barca in particular, will not be easy. Therefore Arsenal could enter the fray if Juve choose not to sign him on a permanent deal.  Spanish outlet AS claimed towards the end of January that Arsenal coach Miguel Molina had spoken to Morata personally regarding a move to north London. A deal failed to materialise but it appears the interest is still there. Morata won't look back on his first spell in England with much fondness. He joined Chelsea for a fee of around £60million in 2017.  However, he had just one full season at Stamford Bridge before joining Atletico Madrid on an 18-month loan in January 2019. He scored 24 goals in 72 appearances for Chelsea and so far has 22 in 61 outings for Atletico. Losing Lacazette and Aubameyang in the same year would leave Arsenal desperately short of experience up front. Morata on his own wouldn't be the type of striker signing that would necessarily appease Arsenal supporters after his previous time in the Premier League. But bringing him in alongside a younger forward could prove to be shrewd business by Arteta.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here