As a result, many people are looking for alternative discount and concession options to pay for their travel costs. Currently, the age eligibility threshold for receiving a free bus pass in England is the state pension age, which is 66 years old. However, the UK Government has confirmed its plans to raise the state pension age in the coming years. This means that those who would otherwise have been able to receive the bus pass once they turned 66 will have to wait longer for this “freebie” benefit. Under current Government proposals, the state pension age will rise to 67 sometime between 2026 and 2028. This retirement threshold is set to be hiked even further in later years with it being expected to hit 68 by 2048. Different rules apply to accessing the free bus pass depending on where you live in the UK, with Scottish and Welsh residents receiving it once they reach 60. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Despite this slight setback, there are multiple discounts and concessions which are readily available for older people looking to save money on travel expenses. One of the most well-known discounts is the Senior Railcard, which is an annual savings card for train fares. The railcard can be purchased once a year and can be used on most train operators across the country. Travellers can save a third off their train fare and around £98 per year, according to the Senior Railcard website. This discount is available for anyone aged 60 or over and costs either £30 for a year or £70 for a three-year period. Alternatively, those of a similar age can apply for the London Freedom Pass which gives pass holders free or concession travel for residents in the city. Specifically, this discount applies to all London transport networks, including national rail, the Underground and buses. Furthemore, various travel concessions are available, depending on the operator, to those who have a disability. Research carried out by Just Group found that “freebie” benefits, such as the free bus pass, were far more well known than benefits from the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP). Some 15 percent of over 65s did not know they may be entitled to Pension Credit, which could provide essential assistance with peoples’ travel expenses. Stephen Lowe, the group communications director at Just Group, emphasised the importance of older Britons becoming more familiar with what potential benefits they may be entitled to. Mr Lowe explained: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” On its website, Age UK provided additional savings information for those travelling with certain bus operators around the country. The charity stated: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.”