Tottenham talisman Harry Kane could be set for a summer move if manager Antonio Conte decides to jump ship. The England captain was supposedly thrilled that a manager of such pedigree had been appointed in north London, but the Italian raised questions over his future with a jaw-dropping interview after Wednesday's defeat to Burnley. Ben Mee's 71st-minute header was enough to consign Tottenham to their fourth defeat in five games on Wednesday evening. After the final whistle, a riled-up Conte claimed that he 'came to try and improve the situation' but admitted 'maybe in this moment I am not so good'. Kane was thought to be overjoyed at Conte's appointment in November, given his track record of taking strikers to the next level. But with the boss seemingly questioning his choice to join Spurs, Kane could once again seek a move during the summer. Express Sport analyses three possible destinations: JUST IN: Man City star Zinchenko attacks Vladimir Putin calling for 'painful death' Sky Blues boss Pep Guardiola is still reportedly keen on signing a new frontman despite sitting top of the Premier League table without a single senior striker in their ranks. The Catalan coach admitted his admiration for Kane last summer, but the move ultimately fell flat when Spurs chairman Daniel Levy reportedly came back with a £200million price tag. There is little doubt that slotting into Guardiola's side could fulfil Kane's silverware ambitions, as Man City are once again on course to establish themselves as English football's dominant side this season. And Kane's quality will be fresh in the memory for everyone at the Etihad Stadium, given his outstanding performance during last weekend's shock 3-2 win. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's XI if they sign exciting Paul Pogba replacementJamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter'Tottenham boss Conte's devious transfer battle with Fabio Paratici Interim boss Ralf Rangnick claims it is 'obvious' that Man Utd will try and sign a striker in the summer, with time ticking on for their own ageing contingent. Edinson Cavani is into the final few months of his contract and Cristiano Ronaldo could also head out of Old Trafford if the Red Devils fail to secure a top-four finish. United have a history of fielding England captains through the middle, as Wayne Rooney still sits atop their all-time scoring charts. Living up to Kane's trophy demands could prove a stumbling block though, as United have failed to get their hands on a major cup since winning the Europa League in 2017. While a move to Chelsea may make sense on paper, as touted by Liverpool hero Mark Lawrenson, the bad blood between Spurs and their London rivals could see Real Madrid landed with a better chance of signing Kane instead. It is a poorly-kept secret that Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland, two of the continent's brightest superstars, are Los Blancos' primary attacking targets over the coming months. But with stiff competition inevitable when it comes to both players, Kane could well represent a viable third option. After all, the 28-year-old's former Spurs team-mate, Gareth Bale, took the same leap of faith in 2013. Although the Welshman's time in the Spanish capital has been a mixed bag, he certainly has not been left wanting when it comes to trophies.