Hidden just a road away from York’s iconic River Ouse was Middletons Hotel. Having spent a couple of hours sitting on a train from London, we decided to walk the short distance to the hotel, but it would only take minutes if you were to opt for public transport or a taxi. Before heading into the city to explore, we settled into our room for the weekend. The four star hotel offers 56 smart and simple rooms within a cluster of six historic buildings, including an old organ factory and a 17th century former hospital. All the Grade II or Grade II listed buildings steeped in unprecedented history were acquired by The House of Daniel Thwaites in 2017 and underwent major refurbishments - combing the original architecture with 21st century luxury. The variety of rooms suits everyone’s budget; cosy doubles to spacious executive suites and cottage rooms which are said to be “the best in the house”. The room we stayed in was large in size, featuring a super king bed, and an additional two-seater sofa. There was a wardrobe with enough space for a weekend’s worth of clothes, alongside a Lavazza coffee machine, other tea making facilities, and a mini-fridge. On the wall was a large HD television and behind the sliding door was a compact bathroom featuring a small corner shower with The White Company toiletries, soft white robes and pair of slippers. READ MORE: Houseplants: 5 plants that are extremely difficult to kill At first glance, while walking through the hotel and to our room; all the spaces were extremely clean. Little extras added a unique touch to the rooms; homemade Yorkshire parkin biscuits and fresh milk were provided every day. Another complementary perk was the breakfast served at the restaurant in the old sawmill. The menu offered a selection of hot drinks and fresh juices, as well as the usual cereals, yoghurt and granola, pastries, toast and jams to begin with. In terms of hot breakfast dishes, there was a cooked option for both meat-eaters and vegetarians, as well as omelettes made to order, and eggs every which way from florentine to benedict. You could even treat yourself to a charcuterie board with a small loaf of freshly baked bread if you fancied something continental. Top to off an already great start to the morning, the staff working the breakfast service were extremely friendly and attentive. Alongside parking, free wi-fi and a 24-hour gym, the hotel is also wheelchair accessible. DON'T MISS...Aldi’s ‘best-selling’ hanging egg chair is back [SHOP]Jamie Oliver shares his ‘best roast potato’ recipe [GUIDE]Queen’s iconic symbol of power uncovered ‘She’s making a statement’ [VIDEO] Set in a Grade I listed Georgian townhouse, the historic building offers both character and charm for anyone staying or visiting for something to eat. To get there, it was just a 10-minute stroll from Middletons Hotel, and we got to take in the evening views of the River Ouse as well as the historic cobbled streets of York that we hadn’t yet explored. We were invited to visit the AA Rosette restaurant on Saturday evening, and we sat in a beautiful room with vaulted ceilings and the ambience was one of luxury. The menus had been specifically crafted by a team of expert chefs, so guests can indulge in locally sourced, authentic Yorkshire dishes. There are also a variety of local tipples to try, refreshing ales and vibrant cocktails if the occasion requires. To start, we chose the marinated chorizo and tempura king prawns which came in an Asian salad with a soy and honey dressing. Both of us then opted for steaks and fries, one with bearnaise sauce and the other with peppercorn sauce, topped off with a side of seasonal vegetables. To finish, the sticky toffee pudding and brownie completed a brilliant meal. Again, the service was impeccable, the presentation of the food was beautiful and it came out of the kitchen fast, and piping hot. As if that wasn't enough, on the Sunday, following a morning of exploring, we were invited back to the hotel for Afternoon Tea. Whether traditional or with a sparkling touch, the quintessentially British treat was a lovely way to spend the afternoon. Featuring a selection of sandwiches, freshly made scones and then an array of beautiful desserts and cakes. As always with Middletons Hotel, both the food and service was brilliant. If you’re looking for things to do in York, the hotel is the perfect location, as everything is just a short walk away. Set well within the castle walls, the city’s iconic York Minster is a mere 0.7 miles and if the architecture of the Abbey doesn’t take your breath away, head down into the secret museum to find out about its fascinating history. The infamous Shambles is also close by, with boutiques antique shops, and chocolatiers, plus a daily market boasting a delicious food and unique collectables. The Jorvik museum is also around the corner, and slightly further out is the York Castle Museum. I also highly recommend walking the city wall, there are various points where you can start and just follow the loop for an alternative view of the city. Another attraction was recommended we visit was the National Railway Museum - a short walk outside the city walls. Free to enter (unless you’d like to make a donation in the form of a paid ticket), it was a surprisingly enjoyable day out for any age. Step back in time and visit the giant halls of locomotives, or climb aboard and experience the railways on a small scale with the miniature railway ride.