Marcus Wareing, 51, has spoken about the idea of catching Covid and how it might ruin his job as a chef. The TV chef has said that he has not yet contracted the illness but fears that he may. The star said that even if there was a small chance that he’d lose his sense of smell, it would severely affect his job. Marcus said the idea of catching the virus is a “horrible thought.” He told Radio Times in this week’s edition: “That’s a horrible thought – I couldn’t do my job. “It never occurred to me before. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years “You might as well cut my hands off. It would be like being paralysed. “A lot of my kitchen team have had it, but none has told me it affected their sense of taste or smell.” Marcus said that if a chef couldn’t smell it would show in their cooking straight away. He said: “It would show at once in their work. “They wouldn’t be able to season or create the layers of flavour in the cooking process.” The chef continued, explaining that he couldn’t “imagine” it. Marcus also spoke about the process of farming his own produce. He said that the process of farming his own food and tilling it from the ground is a thrill and “the best feeling ever". DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] He said: “I never cared where produce came from before. “But when you grow something, pull it out of the ground and cook with it, it’s such a thrill – the best thing ever. “I never had that before – growing, picking, eating, knowing it couldn’t be fresher… that’s the best. He said that working the land before coming into the kitchen was a “sensational discovery.” Speaking to Express.co.uk in December, the star said that he doesn’t feel needed as a MasterChef judge. He explained that he feels the current judges were doing a “great job.” Marcus said: “I think they’re doing a great job. “I mean, I work with Gregg, and Gregg is a very important part of the professional show, because inside of him you've got two professional chefs, but we're both very different chefs.” Read more about Marcus Wareing in the February issue of Radio Times.