Sir Elton John has broken his silence after his £66million private jet was forced to make an emergency landing following a technical failure. Yesterday, it was reported that the I'm Still Standing hitmaker, 74, was left "shaken" after the aircraft suffered hydraulic failure at 10,000ft while he was on his way to perform in the States. The plane aborted landing twice and had to make a U-turn while approaching the coast of southern Ireland. However, the star has now confirmed his safe arrival in New York to his one million Twitter followers following the terrifying ordeal. "Hello New York! See you @TheGarden tonight," he penned, alongside rocket emojis. He added the hashtag #eltonfarewelltour. READ MORE: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan Witnesses described the sight of the private jet in turmoil as "horrible to see". According to The Sun, fire crews raced to Farnborough Airport in Hampshire, shortly after the £66million jet left for New York at 10.20am. Plumber Philip Thomson, who was there when the plane landed, recalled: "The terrible weather and epic gusts made it almost impossible to land. "Two attempts to touch down failed. "The plane was being buffeted and couldn’t make it," he added. Thomson explained: "The aircraft’s nose was far too vertical." "The plane was descending and was halfway along the runway when it gave up trying to hit the tarmac. "It soared back in the air," he continued. DON'T MISS...Tom Parker urges fans to 'light a candle' for him amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]Ben Shephard lost for words over Kate Garraway's 'tough' insight [ANALYSIS]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood left taken aback by impact of storms [UPDATE] He said a "crowd had gathered after word went around that Elton was in difficulty" and as the pilot attempted to land the plane again, the storm "was doing its worst". Thomson continued: "The airport's windsock was horizontal and the aircraft was being rocked from side to side by the wind. "The pilot made a valiant attempt to get down with the jet 'crabbing' into the storm, but it didn’t make it and had to head back upwards. "It was only at the third attempt to land that the plane got down. "The pilot made a flatter approach and the wind had dropped slightly. "Everyone watching was mightily relieved," he finished. Elton was travelling to New York to perform at Madison Square Garden as part of his Farewell Yellow Brick Tour. Last September, the star was forced to postpone his UK and European leg of the tour until 2023 after suffering a hip injury.