Kylian Mbappe's latest meeting with PSG chiefs offers hope to Liverpool and Real Madrid that a deal is there to be done at the end of the season. The Parisians have proposed lucrative new terms to their precocious attacker as his contract winds down, with a free summer exit still on the cards. Mbappe has already rattled in 22 goals this season, with a host of assists to boot as he continues to shine in PSG's star-studded front three. At just 23-years-old, the Frenchman could be ready to call time on his stint in Ligue 1, where he has racked up 119 league goals at an even more prolific rate than Mohamed Salah has managed in the Premier League. The forward was due to sign for Real Madrid last summer, until a mammoth deadline-day bid was slapped down by the French outfit. With age soon to catch up to their own famed contingent, however, Liverpool are believed to be in the market for attacking players, as shown by their January pursuit of Luis Diaz. JUST IN: Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale taunts Ruben Neves after last-gasp Wolves win Jurgen Klopp has built a solid reputation around taking such talent to the next level, which could help the Reds towards doing the unthinkable and pipping Madrid to a summer deal. That prospect will only have been boosted by Mbappe's latest meetings in Paris which, according to Marca, saw him reject a 'blank-cheque' offer from PSG. The Qatari-backed side supposedly pulled out all the stops, both financially and otherwise, to keep the French international star at the Parc des Princes. But money is not believed to be an issue for the World Cup winner. DON'T MISSArsenal living to regret snubbing Unai Emery's glowing £12.5m transfer recommendationArsenal 'join Raphinha race' as two Leeds contract clauses dictate transfer piceBenfica's Roman Yaremchuk booked after moving Ukraine Champions League goal celebration While Mbappe's dream to play at the Bernabeu is well known, ESPN claim that Liverpool still believe they can lure him to Merseyside instead. With Salah continuing to stall over a new deal at Anfield, Klopp may be able to convince the Frenchman that, if he took the Egyptian's place, his free-flowing style of play would see him catapulted into Ballon d'Or territory. Pushing for what would be a blockbuster deal will sit on the back-burner for the Reds' hierarchy for now, though, as this Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Chelsea currently commands all of their attention. Liverpool have not got their hands on the trophy since 2012, and Klopp has already committed to starting with back-up goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher if he stays fit. The small matter of a Premier League title race will also take priority before an audacious summer swoop for Mbappe comes into play. Having emphatically won their game in hand against Leeds United, the gap with Manchester City now stands at three points with 12 games still to come. "Honestly, we don’t chase City; we try to win our football games," insisted Klopp on Wednesday night. "Now we have the cup final at the weekend and City play, I don’t know exactly who, but they might win this game then it is six points again before we play the next Premier League game."