The new measures introduced by the Government come into effect in April and will impact UK manufacturers of plastic packaging, importers of plastic packaging, business customers of manufacturers and importers of plastic packaging. In addition, millions of members of the public buying plastic packaging or goods in plastic packaging in the UK will also be affected by the new tax rule. HMRC expects to incur one-off capital costs to develop the system for collecting the tax. It is estimated to cost around £10-20million to develop a new system to support this tax, together with £22million in staff and other resource costs. In line with other taxes, there will be civil and criminal penalties for failing to comply. These penalties include repercussions for failure to register, failure to file returns and failure to pay the tax. As detailed on the Government’s website, the tax applies “to plastic packaging manufactured in, or imported into the UK, that does not contain at least 30 percent recycled plastic.” In a nutshell, it explains that it will affect plastic packaging that is predominantly plastic by weight. Exempt from the tax are any plastic packaging that contains at least 30 percent recycled plastic. However, imported plastic packaging will be liable to the tax, whether the packaging is unfilled or filled. READ MORE: How world’s largest plastic spill wrecked an island’s beaches By introducing the policy, the Government hopes to provide “a clear economic incentive for businesses to use recycled plastic in the manufacture of plastic packaging, which will create greater demand for this material.” They also hope the move will result in increased levels of recycling and collection of plastic waste, diverting it away from landfill or incineration. Furthermore, it is hoped that after introducing the tax, the use of recycled plastic in packaging could increase by around 40 percent. This is equal to carbon savings of nearly 200,000 tonnes from 2022 to 2023, based on current carbon factors. DON'T MISS Beautiful Greek holiday destinations face damaging erosion [INSIGHT] UK snow forecast: Britain braced for 'snow showers' [WEATHER] Manhunt stepped up for missing Rita, 96 - public urged to assist [REPORT] The policy may also help drive recycling technologies within the UK. This measure is not expected to impact individuals unless businesses pass on the charge. The Government explains that “even if all the tax is passed on to individual consumers, the cost to consumers will be small as plastic packaging usually makes up a very small amount of the total cost of goods”. As a result, they expect “customer experience to stay broadly the same”. However, the impact on businesses will be “significant” according to the Government’s outline for the tax. An estimated 20,000 manufacturers and importers of plastic packaging are expected to be impacted by its introduction. There will also be one-off costs including getting businesses familiarised with the new rules, training for staff, registration with HMRC, and developing the required reporting framework to complete tax returns. Continuing costs could include completing, filing and paying tax returns, keeping appropriate records (including those required to claim the export credit), and amending returns.