Tottenham hero Gus Poyet has risked angering supporters by insisting he was ‘disappointed’ when Harry Kane did not complete a transfer to Manchester City last summer. Kane was strongly linked with a move to the Premier League champions but Spurs remained firm in their stance that he would not be sold.   The England captain is understood to have wanted to leave City in a bid to add a major trophy to his array of personal honours. Pep Guardiola broke rank by going public in his interest in signing Kane, with City apparently prepared to bid £150million for the striker. But ultimately, the 28-year-old remained at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. He still had three years remaining on his contract and Spurs chairman Daniel Levy was unwilling to sell, especially to a direct Premier League rival.   JUST IN: Tottenham target Franck Kessie ‘not convinced’ over Arsenal move And former Spurs midfielder Poyet has said he was ‘disappointed’ by Kane’s failure to earn a transfer. “I thought Harry Kane was leaving last summer, I was convinced,” Poyet told Betting Expert. “When he didn’t, from a football side, I was a little bit disappointed because he made a strong call and then he stayed. “I don’t know how they convinced him, but we’ll see in the summer again. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “If we look at Kyle Walker, he went to Man City to win and he’s won [several trophies since leaving Tottenham]. He’s the player he is because he’s at Man City. “I had the feeling that Harry Kane was leaving, so I won’t put money on any situation right now because I don’t know.” Kane endured a tough start to the 2021-22 season but has been excellent in recent weeks under Antonio Conte. It was his brace in Spurs’ dramatic 3-2 victory over City a week ago that blew open the title race. Kane was pivotal in Dejan Kulusevski’s opening goal and then scored twice in the second half, including heading home the winner in added-time.   DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Tuchel given sack warning as Lampard comparison madeGuardiola aims subtle dig at Man Utd when discussing five City rivalsMan Utd Rangnick deadline, Mike Riley out, Leeds danger of the drop But Guardiola insisted he was not unhappy to miss out on Kane in the summer. “I was never in my 11- or 12-year career disappointed in what the club I manage cannot do in the transfer market,” he said after that game on February 18. “And I never created a fire here because I represent the club and the club is always beyond myself by far. When we have some talks and cannot agree, we do it internally. “We tried [for Kane] but it was far away [from] being done because Tottenham were clear this is not going to happen. And when they say this two, three, four times, it’s over.”   