At the weekend, intelligence reports released by the US warned that an invasion could start as soon as tomorrow. Some experts, however, have argued that Putin has no intention of dragging Russia into a gruelling, protracted conflict which would be far more difficult than his 2014 invasion of Crimea, and for which there is no demand in Russia itself. The one thing we know for certain, because this has been a consistent tactic of Putin’s throughout his time in power, is that his fundamental aim is to destabilise both the West and countries such as Poland and Estonia which were formerly in the Warsaw Pact, and thus were part of the Soviet empire. That destabilisation takes two forms. Brute force is the most obvious, as in his invasion of Crimea and the current military manoeuvres. But it also involves the sort of techniques many have only just started waking up to, such as the spread of disinformation and fake news on social media, financial support for parties and causes that Putin sees as likely to fracture stability in the West and – especially relevant to the UK – using oligarchs’ money to establish networks of client professionals, such as solicitors and accountants, which have grown dependent on their fees. Anne Applebaum, that wonderful historian of the Soviet era, describes Putin as an “imperial nostalgist”, arguing that “the Soviet Union was a Russian-speaking empire and he seems, at times, to dream of creating a smaller Russian-speaking empire within the old Soviet Union’s borders.” But this is just one reason why Ukraine is so important to him. In many ways equally so is what it represents – a former constituent part of that Soviet empire which has since staged “not one but two pro-democracy, anti-oligarchy, anti-corruption revolutions”. So when Putin invaded Crimea he was not only annexing part of the old empire, he was punishing Ukraine for attempting to escape – and testing the West. He tore up treaties and the unwritten rules of behaviour, and the response, effectively no response, showed that he could get away with it. In that context, defence secretary Ben Wallace’s comment this weekend that there is a “whiff of Munich” around recent attempts to negotiate with Putin by the likes of French President Emmanuel Macron is spot on. There is something stomach-churning about Ukraine’s sovereign right to decide how it conducts its own affairs – such as whether it wishes to pursue Nato membership – being offered up by other states as a carrot to Putin to tempt him away from invasion. Yesterday there came a suggestion from Ukraine’s ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, that Ukraine could drop its Nato bid. But Kiev renounced his words and Boris Johnson noted that Ukraine’s sovereign right to join Nato should not be traded away. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Putin learnt in 2014 that our words of warning to him over Crimea were just hot air, as he had seen two years before when President Obama warned Syrian President Assad that using chemical weapons would be a red line – and stood and watched as Assad used such weapons. Putin has seen countless examples of the West talking tough and then running away, most recently in our pusillanimous capitulation to the Taliban in Afghanistan. Why would he take seriously our threats of financial sanctions that are of a different order of magnitude to anything to date? That is especially true considering our status as the so-called “Londongrad Laundromat”: the world capital for laundering illicit Russian money. This is make or break time. Putin is testing us. If an invasion begins, we will need to match our rhetoric. That means implementing financial nuclear options such as removing the entire Russian financial system from SWIFT, the means by which banking and financial institutions interact with each other globally. We hinted that this might happen in 2014 if Russia invaded Crimea, but then did next to nothing. Yes, it would hurt us economically, too. But the hurt of once again standing back would be devastating. We have to reset our policy towards Russia and particularly Russian money and influence. We need to clear dirty Russian money from the City. We need a new broom and a wholly new attitude. We need to act now.