The Labour leader, walking with shadow Foreign secretary David Lammy, was pursued along Whitehall by a large group of angry, snarling demonstrators there to agitate for the risible aim of “Covid Freedom”, crudely mimicking Canada’s “Freedom Convoy” of truck drivers. Picking up on Boris Johnson’s ill-judged and fallacious remark last week about Sir Keir and Jimmy Savile, the mob abused the Labour leader as a “paedophile protector” and he had to be bundled into a police car for protection. Already threatening hard-working NHS staff in hospitals and Covid centres, and intoning nonsensical “charges” in police stations, these dangerous fools ‑ and their spiritual leader Piers Corbyn, who was present on Monday ‑ should be taken to task for this affront to our democracy. The Government should do what it can to de-escalate these protests but to be clear, this conspiracist rabble is entirely to blame for its actions and the protesters involved should be punished. Going forward, we should be in no doubt: this cannot continue. Few would begrudge NHS workers, the armed Forces and teachers a good pension, and our public sector workers are vital. But a new report highlights an alarming and unacknowledged gap between public and private pensions. Public sector pensions are often up to 50 percent of final salary, far higher than private sector pensions, and the vast cost of meeting this bill comes from taxpayers, including from future generations. Guaranteed retirement packages for state workers add up to an eye-watering £2.4trillion. But private sector companies have largely abandoned salary-linked pension deals as being too expensive. Once, public sector pay was typically lower than the private sector but with better pensions as a perk. This is no longer true. So let's now consider our retail, hospitality and construction workers and others in the private sector who face zero-hours contracts, job insecurity and low levels of pension provision. They deserve greater parity. Just forget all that “for richer, for poorer” stuff. There’s a new recipe for a perfect marriage ‑ and it consists of six deep conversations, three long walks and two massive rows a month. In a poll, Warner Leisure Hotels found that 2,000 husbands and wives rated sex and romance but above all else, shared quality time won out. So walk the walk, talk the talk ‑ and let off steam every fortnight. It’s good for you. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea