However, Carrie alone of recent Downing Street wives was actively employed in politics before becoming the wife of the Prime Minister and the temptation to press strong opinions may have proved too strong. What I think is incontestable is that it would have been a very different scene were Boris still married to the serious, dignified, restrained, approaching-60 Marina Wheeler. For a certainty there would have been no wallpapergate and a demanding career as a senior barrister would have left little time for much active interference. Nor would there have been the demands of small babies and nappy-changing. That brings me to Prince Charles who has been through the reverse process, being first married to a beautiful girl who, barely more than a teenager, was 12 years his junior and then to a middle-aged averagely attractive woman who has given him the serenity and steady support he craved. It was a lifelong love affair thwarted by ludicrous demands that he marry only a “pure” girl of aristocratic lineage. Of course, many people marry despite large age-gaps and remain happily wed for ever after but there is much to be said for calm and the odd wrinkle rather than glamour and clamour where a man or woman needs, as the Queen described Prince Philip, a “strength and stay”. Camilla has been Prince Charles’ rock and will make a wonderful Queen and because of her he will be a better King. None of us can know what really goes on in other people’s marriages, even if those in public life are condemned to read “insider accounts” in the public prints. What one can say is what is needed by a spouse under huge public pressure: an oasis of calm, relaxation, wisdom and reassurance. I leave it to Carrie to decide if that describes the flat above Number 10. Rishi Sunak gives a pretty good impression of Brutus trying to conceal his knife under his toga on his way to the forum. Were I Boris I would find him a job in Ultima Thule. Conversely Theresa May wields her knife openly. She asked Boris if he did not know the rules, did not understand them or thought they didn’t apply to him. This, of course, is the woman who repeatedly stated that her proposed “backstop” for Northern Ireland would not lead it to remain alone in the Customs Union and released an extract from legal advice to support her case, but when Parliament secured publication of the full document it said the exact opposite. So, Mrs May, did you not know what the treaty said or did you not understand it or did you think the need for honesty did not apply to you? It defies belief that Whoopi Goldberg should claim the Holocaust was not about racism. Would she also claim that the “Final Solution” was not about genocide? Her incredible defence was that this barbaric episode was about “two groups of white people”. So in Ms Goldberg’s peculiar world, racism only applies where skin colour is different. It is the epitome of stupidity. I am not a supporter of “cancelling” but that is what would have happened to anybody else, while she has been suspended merely for two weeks. Presumably that is because she is too big a draw to lose, which is what the BBC thought about the hideous Jimmy Savile. If money talks, large ratings fairly scream. A tribunal has ruled that asking a pregnant woman if she intends to return to work constitutes sex discrimination. Dimwits! Employers have to plan and especially smaller employers, who will not have a huge staff to juggle around. When a woman goes on maternity leave the boss needs to know if he has to recruit a permanent or temporary replacement. Most women know whether they intend to return or not and if they are still in two minds when asked they can simply say so. I lost three secretaries to full-time motherhood and in each instance I knew from the outset that was what they intended because I asked and they told me. What was wrong with that? The Government has said it will ensure that train companies reduce the number of repetitive messages with which they bombard passengers. But when? Having just made a journey in which “See it, Say it, Sorted,” was bellowed forth seemingly every five minutes, the time cannot come quickly enough. Private schools are alleged to have used Covid rules to inflate their A-level results after the numbers of pupils getting top awards more than doubled. I know public school pupils who were getting six hours online teaching per day plus prep, kids at grammar school who were getting five hours and two at a state comprehensive who were getting less than two hours a day. I suspect that may explain a lot. Despite the Government having said that care homes should no longer exclude visitors, many homes are doing just that and, as usual, hiding behind their insurers, claiming that they will not cover visits from families, despite the fact that many homes are now allowing family visits and presumably remain insured. The only way to deal with these brutes is to tell them the Government will impose sanctions on homes which don’t follow their guidance and then invite them to see if the insurers will cover that. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea