Cameron Norrie is back in the winners’ circle after defeating Reilly Opelka at the Delray Beach Open to collect his third career ATP Tour title. Norrie saw off his American opponent in straight sets thanks to a 7-6 7-6 victory in Florida, which moved him up to a career-best world ranking of 12th.  In reaching the final, both Norrie and Opelka made tournament history by becoming the top two seeds to reach the final of the event for the very first time. Remarkably the 26-year-old didn't require one break of serve throughout the whole final, with both sets going the distance. While he was unable to break the big-serving American in the first set, Norrie more than made up for it in the tie-break as he ran away with it 7-1. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic outlines calendar plans and fires warning to Dubai rival Once again the second set went the distance, however the tie-break this time around proved a little tighter. After a battling opening nine points, Opelka surrendered his serve to give the British No. 1 a 6-4 advantage on and on the cusp of a third Tour title. Norrie capitalised on his championship point to break serve once more to ensure he was the man coming away from Florida with the title in his hand. Victory in Delray Beach ended the 26-year-old’s disappointing start to 2022, after he had lost the opening four matches of the year. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic issues verdict on losing world No 1 status with Daniil Medvedev closing inNovak Djokovic opponent idolises Roger Federer and shared message taunting world No 1Emma Raducanu handed brutal Guadalajara draw as Brit set to return to action The win also saw Norrie see off a man in form, as he denied Opelka the opportunity to clinch two titles in as many weeks after he won in Dallas open last time out. Discussing his victory post-match, the Briton said: “I thought I played a very clean match. “I didn't face a break point so that was great. I was happy with the way I played and obviously with the result. "The tie-breaks I played extremely aggressively, the second one especially. “I managed to put a couple of balls away and I was reading the play great. “I'm super happy to get the win and beat a guy like Reilly, who is confident and playing well and won (in Dallas) last week."