Kate Middleton embarked on a royal visit to Denmark in her first solo foreign tour since 2011. She arrived in Denmark on Tuesday, February 22 to “focus on early years and childhood development, and to see how the Danish way of doing things works so well”. The first stop on her visit was at The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. For this visit, Kate wore a textured double-breasted blazer in red from Zara, which retails for £88.50. The blazer sold out in minutes following Kate’s re-wearing of the lush item.  The last time Kate was seen wearing the red blazer was at the semi-finals of the Euro 2020 football tournament. She paired the blazer with a Me+Em frill collar cardigan in fresh white, which retails for £75. These went with the Duchess’ Roland Mouret ‘axon’ wide-leg trousers in black, which cost a whopping £713.86. She was seen carrying two separate bags during this first stop of the tour. The first bag was a small Aspinal of London black croc midi Mayfair bag, which retails for £539.11. READ MORE: Horoscope & love: Libra to expect 'romantic possibilities'  The Duchess was later seen carrying a black Smythson Panama tote bag, which costs a whopping £650. Kate wore her staple Gianvito Rossi black suede pumps that cost £501.79. She also paid tribute to the country she was visiting with her earrings, which featured gleaming pearls dangling from a gold hoop, and were from the Danish jewellery brand Maria Black. Kate’s ‘Cha Cha’ earrings in gold by Maria Black retail for £250.51. The Duchess also wore a Monica Vinader pearl necklace in gold to perfectly match the earrings, which came to £265.  On the second day of Kate’s royal tour on February 23, she arrived at a forest kindergarten on the outskirts of Copenhagen. There, Kate learned about the Danish use of nature in education. The Duchess wore her Seeland Woodcock advanced jacket, which costs £189.99 and is perfect for outdoor activities like chopping wood in a forest, which Kate took part in. She paired this with a Mark Kenly Domino Tan ‘Karlotta’ jumper in ivory, which is another Danish brand to pay respects to the country she was visiting. This retails for £275.06 in British sterling. The Duchess wore some simple black jeans with this outfit with a brown suede braided belt, which has not yet been identified. For footwear, Kate chose some Blundstone classic Chelsea boots in stout brown, perfect for the muddy conditions. These cost £163.56 and can even be purchased for cheaper on Amazon for £109.50.  Kate wore some mini gold hoop earrings from Liv Thurlwell for £130 for the occasion. Later on during the day, the Duchess met the Queen of Denmark, Margrethe II, as well as her "doppelganger" Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark. Mary is married to Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark, who is the heir apparent to the throne. For this stately occasion, Kate wore a dress created by her signature designer, Catherine Walker. The ‘Marine’ Coat as it is called, retails at an impressive £3,000. The Duchess wore the dress-coat with her Mulberry crossbody bag in black for £675.  In total, Kate’s outfits, shoes, accessories and jewellery from her trip to Denmark came to an outstanding £7,517,38. Royal fans took to social media praising the visit. One fan, Twitter user @Audrey H43635557 said: “What a gorgeous, caring, professional woman. How proud we the UK must be of her... well done Duchess.” Another fan on Instagram, @q_d_bee added: “Girl power at its finest.” 