Amanda Holden, 51, presents on Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston and Ashley Roberts on weekday mornings. The TV personality regularly takes to Instagram to show off her outfits, with today being no different as she posed in a sultry silky blouse. The Britain's Got Talent judge put on an amazing display as she posed for a catwalk video on her Instagram. In view of her 1.8 million followers, Amanda strutted for the camera in a breezy silky blouse. Amanda posed in the green silk blouse, with the button undone as well as it appearing that the TV personality had gone braless for the day. The blouse featured a frilly lining down the centre and puffy sleeves. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Amanda paired the outfit with skin tight leather trousers, showing off the model's petite figure. She also wore skin coloured stiletto heels to finish off the look and heighten the glamour. Amanda went for a smokey eyed makeup look, styling her blonde tresses in a waved look. Taking to her Instagram story, Amanda tagged the minds behind Monday's look - which included "@lkbennettlondon", "@sosandsar", "@stevenmaddenUK" and her stylists "@karl_willett" and "@adelepentland". It comes after Amanda reunited with her celebrity pals which included Britain's Got Talent boss Simon Cowell. They headed out for a Sunday Roast for a chilled time with family, after Amanda's crazy 51st birthday celebrations. She wore skin tight trousers, brown boots, a camel coat and a brown tartan scarf to match. Simon can be seen in navy, along with his arm in plaster following his recent incident. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSTAGRAM] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [COMMENT] Amanda's dinner guests included Dragons' Den Star Kelly Hoppen as well as Simon Cowell and his fiancée Lauren Silverman. She went out to celebrate her birthday with a wild party including pals Ashley Roberts, presenter Sian Welby and Afterlife star Tracy-Ann Oberman. The glitzy bash was held at upmarket London restaurant, Isabel Mayfair on Friday. Dressed to impress, Amanda stunned in a sparkling black suit and matching bra as she posed alongside friends. The Britain’s Got Talent judge wowed with a striking high ponytail and dramatic smokey eye makeup. She accessorised with a huge pair of diamond earrings and a chic black purse. Amanda's party featured a cake, replicating her chest. The stunner said: “This incredible cake created by @sebastianwildcakes. A work of art...could hardly bear to cut into it" on Instagram.