Everton boss Frank Lampard has laid into VAR official Chris Kavanagh for his "incompetence" in failing to see Rodri's handball in the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City on Saturday. Everton were putting up a strong fight against the reigning champions and came close to scoring the game opener in the first half. City eventually began to gain a foothold in the match with the likes of Kevin de Bruyne, Phil Foden and Raheem Sterling causing problems. It was Foden who finally broke the deadlock with little over 10 minutes remaining after the City attacker capitalised on a loose ball in the box. But Everton were up in arms just minutes later when Rodri appeared to handle the ball inside his own box. Richarlison had sprung the offside trap, but saw his effort saved by Ederson. JUST IN: Man City star Oleksandr Zinchenko in tears amid support for Ukraine  The ball flew up into the air and Rodri appeared to misjudge the flight of the ball and control it with his arm before clearing his lines. Everton players and fans inside Goodison Park were immediately calling for a penalty with Paul Tierney made aware VAR were looking at the incident. After a long wait, VAR controversially decided there was not enough conclusive evidence that Rodri had handled the ball so a penalty was not awarded. It proved to be the deciding factor for Everton in the game as they failed to find an equaliser in the closing minutes. DON'T MISS  And Lampard was incensed at VAR for missing what he saw as a blatantly obvious penalty even his "three-year-old daughter would see". "I was calm, I was not shouting and ranting at him," he said. "I wanted to know if offside in the build up but I have been told it wasn't in the build up. "Go to VAR, they have two minutes to look at it and to think they have not given that as a penalty when it strikes him on the arm, in an unnatural position. "I have a three year old daughter at home who could tell you that was a penalty. "We are fighting at the bottom of the table and they are fighting at the top. Decisions are crucial. "I don't know what has to happen as a reflection of that. "A mistake is when you have done something wrong and don't have time to think about it, they had two minutes to digest the handball. "Even if the VAR says not sure, then go have a look. It is incompetence at best, if not that then someone needs to explain what it is."