Storm Eunice picked up on Wednesday night with winds of over 80mph causing power outages, uprooted trees and disrupted travel across the UK and Ireland. The storm settled down on Thursday but is due to come back stronger today alongside heavy snow and potential blizzard conditions. The Met Office has issued a rare red weather warning for parts of England and Wales on the coast and an Amber warning for the majority of England, as this could be the worst storm we’ve seen in 30 years. What does that mean for flights? Express.co.uk reveals the latest airport information. Storm Eunice is the official name for winds impacting the southern and central areas of the UK (and some snow for the northern areas), and Storm Dudley is what the Met Office has named the storm impacting the northern half of the UK. Both storms were assigned amber and yellow warnings by the Met Office, but some areas have now been put on red alert. Amber, which applies to Wales and most of England (as far north as Manchester and Hull) means significant disruption and extremely strong winds. It is thought that winds could reach up to 100mph between 7am and 12pm today, but this extends to 3pm for some areas.  READ MORE- Spain, France, Italy & Greece: What are the latest travel rules? Britons can expect flying debris that could be a danger to life, damage to buildings and homes, roofs blown off and power lines brought down, as well closed roads, bridges and railway lines. Parts of the UK may also see power cuts, large waves and beach material thrown onto sea fronts, coastal roads and properties, and falling branches and uprooted trees. In the north of England, Scotland and parts of Ireland, we can expect heavy snow and strong winds but with fewer risks to life and property. Brits are also being warned to stay away from the coast, with waves and tidal surges likely on Friday.  Storm Eunice, the more severe storm of the two, will cause delays and cancellations to bus, train, ferry services and flights. If you’re due to board a flight on Friday or over the weekend, you might find it difficult. No blanket cancellations have been made, but a spokesperson for Gatwick Airport is urging passengers to “check the status of their flights with their airlines”. A tweet from the airport's official account warns: "Weather Warning. Be advised that due to storm #Eunice, there is the possibility for disruption to flights, and the shuttle service to North terminal tomorrow, between approximately 10am and 4pm. Please arrive earlier if you are flying from Gatwick." East Midlands Airport also said: “Due to potential disruption caused by #StormEunice tomorrow, passengers are advised to check with their airline for the most up-to-date flight information. We also advise allowing plenty of time for your journey to the airport, as road and rail networks may be affected.”  You can check the latest information and departures status for your nearest airport: DON'T MISS...Fred. Olsen Cruises launches sale with cruises from £699 up [INFORMER]Brits brace for 30cm of snow as weather expert issues blizzard warning [INSIGHT]UK storms: Weeks of major disruption and damage [EXPLAINER]  The Met Office has stressed that air travel is at high risk and Brits are advised to check any updates before travelling. A tree has already fallen on overhead wires leaving trains into Gatwick Aiport from London and the south coast heavily delayed, and it’s a similar story for trains to other airports and elsewhere. In Scotland, a train was forced to stop in its tracks on Wednesday after Storm Dudley blew a trampoline into the track. As the storms grow stronger, we will likely see more disruptions like this on public transport.  During storms in February 2014, parts of the Dawlish railway line totally collapsed and were washed away. Flights are often cancelled in all kinds of conditions such as ice, snow, crosswinds or even fog, so it’s very likely that some airlines will cancel their flights. The main thing taken into consideration is high wind during take-off and landing and the decision will be made based on the limitations of individual aircraft. Storm Dennis in 2020 was the same speed that has been predicted for Storm Eunice and hundreds of flights were cancelled. If you’re due to fly on Friday or over the weekend, keep your eye on updates from your airline and get in touch with them if you’re unsure about the status of your flight. 