The car marketplace experts selected a Renault Clio E-Tech as the most efficient hybrid model with average miles per gallon (MPG) of 64.2. Renault says the car offers “optimal fuel efficiency” with an “impressive” economy rate. The model combines a 1.6litre petrol engine with two electric motors. This results in “improved fuel economy” making it one of the best for affordability on the road. AutoTrader has highlighted some of the most fuel-efficient cars after petrol and diesel prices reached record highs. AutoTrader reveals most fuel-efficient cars as ‘cost of living crisis hits new lows’ READ MORE: Drivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone'  They warn electric car costs are “still a barrier” for many motorists, meaning affordable petrol and diesel models will still be the go-to for many. Erin Baker, Editorial Director at Auto Trader, said: “Yesterday, the cost-of-living crisis hit new lows as fuel prices reached record highs. “With little to no indication of when they’ll fall it's reason enough to look at the fuel efficiency in your current and next car. “Electric vehicles are a great option to keep daily running costs down, but the upfront cost of them is still a barrier for many. DON'T MISSDrivers to pay record fuel prices as Ukraine crisis hikes oil costs [INSIGHT]UK vs EU petrol prices: How the average cost of fuel compares [ANALYSIS]Russia-Ukraine crisis sends petrol prices soaring [COMMENT] “Therefore, we’ve highlighted some of the most efficient fully hybrid and mild hybrid cars that will help consumers keep those daily running costs down and capitalise on some seriously impressive MPGs.” AutoTrader’s second pick was the Vauxhall Astra 2.5 Turbo D. The model is valued at just over £23,000 and is capable of up to 62.8 miles per gallon. The Honda Jazz made it third on the list with 62,7MPG followed by the Toyota Yaris-Cross with 57.6MPG. The Fiat 500 was next with 56,5MPG, followed by the Ford Fiesta EcoBoost and the Hyundai i10 with 55.4MPG efficiency rates. However, for motorists on a budget, AutoTrader has picked out the Dacia Sandero. The model can be purchased for just over £11,000 and will come with a comfortable 52.3MPG. Petrol and diesel reached record levels on Wednesday as a result of oil price rises. Petrol is now at 149.5p per litre with diesel climbing to almost 153p. The RAC has warned “Russia's actions” will soon push the petrol prices past £1.50. Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokesman added: “If the oil price was to increase to $110 there’s a very real danger the average price of petrol would hit £1.55 a litre. “This would cause untold financial difficulties for many people who depend on their cars for getting to work and running their lives as it would skyrocket the cost of a full tank to £85.”