Goldie Hawn, 76, and her partner Kurt Russell, 70, have been together for almost 40 years but when they first met, their age gap put her off. Their paths first crossed on-set of the 1968 film The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band, when she was 21 and he was just 16. "I thought he was adorable but he was much too young!" she recalled in an interview with Radio 4's Desert Island Discs in 2012. She admitted that despite being attracted to one another, the five years between them at that age was enough not to pursue it. But good things happen to those who wait, and years later romance finally blossomed between the pair after they were cast together in the 1983 film Swing Shift. "Years later we met up again and I liked him and I remembered that I liked him very much when I first met him," she smiled. READ MORE: Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing "But we both said we would never go out with another actor so it just shows you never can tell." They made things official on Valentine's Day in 1983 but never tied the knot. The couple now share 26-year-old son Wyatt, together, with Goldie also sharing two other children Kate and Oliver, from her marriage to Bill Hudson. Despite never marrying, she revealed the secret behind her four-decade-long relationship to Kurt. "We’ve been together for 29 years now and I think if two people want to make it work, you make it work but if one doesn’t, then you’re sunk," she explained at the time. "I don't know if it’s been hard work, but that’s all I wanted out of life – a good relationship, a healthy family of mind and body and I feel very honoured that this happened. "But you do have to put your time in." Speaking on Loose Women in 2015, the actress explained why they never married. DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation [INTERVIEW] "I would have been long divorced if I’d been married," she joked. "Marriage is an interesting psychological thing. "If you need to feel bound to someone, then it's important to be married." Earlier this year, the Hollywood star admitted that her very first outing with the actor was at the Playboy Club, where they learnt how to dance. "We did that and we went out because we had to learn to dance for the show," Goldie said of her "awesome first date at the iconic club". "And we thought, 'Let's go and learn how to do the Jitterbug together.' "It was kind of romantic, the whole night was romantic. "That's my story and I'm sticking to it!" she beamed.