Peace lilies are tropical houseplants that have gained popularity as houseplants due to their dark green foliage, white blooms, and air-purifying abilities. Indoor plant owners need to keep in mind that peace lilies need special attention during winter as their requirements change as per the season. During this time their water schedule changes and they are especially sensitive to being overwatered, according to gardening experts. Houseplant experts at Simplify Plants have explained some problems peace lilies can face during winter and how plant owners can provide the correct winter care to their peace lily plant. The experts said: “Peace lilies come from tropical lands and, naturally, don’t do well in winters. “They do not show any difficulty in temperatures above 45°F and continue to remain healthy. “If the temperature drops below 40-45°F, the peace lilies start showing problems. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's £30million home “The care routine of the peace lily during the winter is different and should be discontinued in the spring and summer seasons. “You might be unintentionally killing your peace lily by doing the same things in winter.” Overwatering and underwatering are common in winter. Wilting is a severe issue and should be dealt with with the necessary care. Peace lilies are delicate and wilt if left underwatered for several days. DON'T MISS:Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [INSIGHT]Britons living in certain homes will be hit hardest by energy prices [COMMENT]Houseplants: The ‘key’ to keeping ‘nuisance’ houseplant pests at bay [EXPERT]  Sometimes the cold air carries away all the moisture and makes the plant dry, leading to wilting. The houseplant experts said: “Overwatering results in permanent wilting as due to the unavailability of enough direct sunlight in winter, the plant does not lose much water. “If you continue watering it like the other seasons, you will end up with an overwatered peace lily that wilts.” Overwatering is considered the main reason behind the yellowing of the leaves. The sudden change in the environment from high to low temperatures can trigger the plant, resulting in the yellowing of the leaves. The experts explained temperature plays a “vital” role in the condition of peace lilies. They said: “The temperature plays a vital role as the peace lilies do not like low temperatures. Any temperature below 40°F can result in wrinkling and yellowing of the leaves. “The correct temperature for a peace lily is between 65-80°F as it grows the best in this range." Underwatering and lack of humidity result in brown leaves. The running water of the house can be responsible for brown leaves as it contains a chemical called fluoride that causes the leaves to become brown. However, plant owners can fix this by using distilled water or purified water for watering their peace lily. The peace lily needs humidity and this becomes a problem on dry days, which is usually the case in winter months. Therefore, houseplant owners can use a humidifier to keep the air moist to keep their peace lily healthy and help to avoid brown leaves in winter.