Josh Taylor was controversially named the winner of his undisputed title fight against Jack Catterall with many convinced the 28-year-old had won the bout comfortably. The overall consensus heading into the final round was that Taylor needed a knockout to win. When that didn't come, it was Catterall's arm who was expected to be held aloft Taylor was first Brit to become a four-belt undisputed champion last year after knocking out Jose Ramirez. Terence Crawford and Manny Pacquiao were being touted as possible opponents for the Scotsman following his win in May 2021. But WBO mandatory challenger Catterall ultimately won the race to take on Catterall in the ring and there was no love lost between the British pair in the build up. The two came to blows at the weigh-in on Friday after Catterall put his hands on Taylor's throat. The brief confrontation only hyped up what was expected to be fireworks in the ring on Saturday night with the undisputed status on the line. Catterall came in as the slight underdog but he came into this fight calm and feeling no pressure and that showed in the early rounds. His tight defence was clearly frustrated Taylor, who was struggling to find a way through. Catterall was picking his moments better and utilising the jab while also using his length. Taylor was beginning to fall behind on the public's scorecards and matters were made worse for the defending champion in the eighth round when he was put on the canvas. After that, Taylor knew he needed a knockout to win and soon came out flying with punches as Catterall opted to try and trade blows. Catterall was docked a point in the 10th for excessive holding, giving Taylor a small opening for a late comeback with the home crowd on his side. But Taylor then lost his cool at the end of the 11th as he swung out at Catterall after the bell rung with a point then being deducted. Catterall appeared to be the man who would have his arm held aloft and be crowned the new undisputed champion, but the judges controversially gave it to Taylor on a split-decision. Despite being in Glasgow with Taylor holding the majority of the support, there was collective gasps in the arena at Taylor being crowned the winner. Cries of 'disgusting', 'disgraceful' and 'embarrassing' were made on the decisions from the judges with Catterall soon storming off back to the changing room. The 28-year-old was seen holding up both middle fingers as he turned to the ring one last time before leaving the arena. Taylor admitted after the fight that it wasn't his best performance, but didn't see any reason why a re-match should take place. "It is getting harder to make the weight and that will most likely be my last fight at 140. I don't think there is any need for a rematch. I won in the second half of the fight. I took over and bossed him."  