The monarch, 95, is said to be in regular contact with royal heirs Prince Charles and William now she does not have her beloved husband Prince Philip to consult with. But royal historian Robert Lacey insisted the Queen "remains in charge". Mr Lacey told US magazine People: "They operate together - not as equals, because the Queen remains in charge - but William is a very active component in the way the monarchy protects itself." William and Charles are said to have been involved in the recent move to strip Prince Andrew of his honorary military titles in a bid to distance the Royal Family from him. It comes as the Queen has faced a turbulent start to her historic Platinum Jubilee year. The Duke of York settled out of court last week in his sexual assault civil case in the US. Ms Giuffre accused Andrew of having sex with her after she was trafficked by his friend Jeffrey Epstein. The Duke has always strenuously denied the allegations. There are also calls for him to lose his dukedom connecting him to the city of York - a decision that ultimately lies with the Queen. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales potentially faces police questioning over an alleged cash for honours scandal linked to his foundation. READ MORE: Prince Edward takes on new role after succeeding Prince Philip And on Sunday, the Queen tested positive for Covid forcing her to cancel a number of virtual engagements since then. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt told the PA news agency: "So far, it's been a year of considerable challenge rather than celebration. "The Queen is noticeably frailer. DON'T MISSPrince Philip title: 3 royals who could be next Duke of Edinburgh [ANALYSIS]Queen would only abdicate under one circumstance expert explains [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Sophie swipes 'Children's Princess' crown [LIVE BLOG] "Prince Charles is likely to be interviewed as part of a criminal investigation into an alleged cash for honours scandal and Prince Andrew is paying millions of pounds to a woman he says he has no recollection of ever meeting. "These are problems for the monarchy that won't just disappear overnight." Further royal difficulties look set for the rest of the year. Prince Harry, who left the monarchy in crisis with Megxit, is preparing to publish his tell-all memoir. He is also pursuing a High Court claim against the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in the UK. The Queen reached the milestone of 70 years on the throne earlier this month. Celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee are set for June, with the nation set to honour the monarch on a special four-day bank holiday weekend. 