Yellowstone 1883 continues on Paramount Plus on Sunday with its 10th episode. The Taylor Sheridan TV prequel has followed the first generation Duttons on their travels to Montana. Elsa Dutton (played by Isabel May) is in grave danger after she was shot with an arrow. In the episode titled Racing Clouds, the group came across a Lakota camp that had been destroyed. The inhabitants had been massacred and Cookie (James Jordan) ended up losing his life in an act of retaliation. Elsa went to warn the group but she ended up being shot by a dirty arrow, which left an infection. Her mother and father accepted her fate and made plans to bury her when the time came. Elsa too seemed to realise she would soon die, and she is expected to grow weaker. READ MORE: Y 1883 Ennis’ star reveals real reason Colton and Elsa romance failed However, fans are hoping she will make a recovery before the group reaches their destination. The character who narrates the series formed a special bond with Native American, Sam (Martin Sensmeier). Fans were hoping for Sam and Elsa to form a relationship but they ended up going their separate ways. Actor Sensmeier told Paramount: "I think the most important thing to Sam is his people, his land, and his culture. "He lives according to his traditions." Yet viewers are hoping he returns to rescue Elsa having caught wind of the tragedy. Speaking about Sam's relationship with Elsa, the actor said: "Even though Sam’s in love with this woman and wants to marry her, they’re also committed to their journies. “These stories are beautiful because they make you reflect on your own life, your own journey.” Sam may be passionate about his people and his heritage, but he also cares deeply for Elsa. If he heard she was going to die from her injuries, he may know a way to cure her or at least curb the spread of the infection. DON'T MISS... Y 1883 Ennis’ star drops huge clue towards secret twin theory [INSIGHT] Does Elsa Dutton die in Yellowstone 1883? [DISCUSSION] Y 1883 fans devastated after ‘emotionally gutting’ episode seals death [INSIGHT] He could have allies who can offer assistance before it is too late. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on Elsa's ultimate fate in the series. Ally said: "Please tell me Sam finds out about Elsa and comes to save her because I can’t handle any other kind of ending for our narrator. #1883TV" Leilani chan added: "If Sam doesn’t magically show up with some special native herbs to save Elsa, I don’t see the point in Season 2 of #1883TV #1883." Charlotte shared: "The other tribe no doubt met up with Sam and told them about Elsa. "I can't imagine Sam not going to find her with medicine. I need that to happen! #1883TV #1883." Phlox Lady added: "One more episode of 1883 and I’m beside myself. Will Elsa die? What will Sam do? #1883TV." Fans have pointed out another clue suggesting Elsa will survive until the end of the series. The Yellowstone ranch from the original series was founded in 1886, three years after the events of the prequel. With this in mind, the Duttons still have a few years to go before they make their home in Montana. If Elsa died this early on in the journey, it would greatly impact the Yellowstone timeline.  Yellowstone 1883 episode 10 airs on Sunday, February 27 on Paramount Plus.