Up against Norwich last weekend, Joe Gomez returned to the Liverpool starting line-up for a Premier League game for the first time in 468 days. He was deployed up as a right-back against the Canaries, but his chances in that position going forward look slim and it may be time for the defender to move on. The Reds’ one signing in the summer was centre-back Ibrahima Konate from RB Leipzig. The Frenchman has slowly but surely adjusted to life in England and now looks great cover for first-choice centre-backs Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip. Thus, Gomez has fallen even further down the pecking order at Anfield and is starting to look like his opportunities are going to be very limited going forward. Once a crucial clog in Jurgen Klopp’s machine, the former Charlton Athletic man now appears to be set for the odd substitution appearance featuring more regularly in the cup competitions rather than the league. JUST IN: Chelsea receive double injury boost ahead of Carabao Cup final  Gomez’s opportunities look more likely to come when Trent Alexander-Arnold is rested or out of form, but the right-back is rarely left out by Klopp and, more often than not, it is Andrew Robertson who is rested out of the pair. But it begs the question, is Gomez too good to be a fourth-choice centre-back and play second fiddle to Alexander-Arnold? Former Aston Villa forward Gabriel Agbonlahor believes so and has urged the 24-year-old to even consider a move abroad to get his career back on track. Speaking to Football Insider, Agbonlahor said: “I feel like Gomez needs to leave right now. DON'T MISS: Lukaku to make big career decision after Tuchel's Havertz tactic (NEWS)Jamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter' (INSIGHT)Chelsea boss Tuchel warned he could soon face wrath of Abramovich (ANALYSIS)  “Trent Alexander-Arnold rarely misses games so he’s not going to get in at right-back. At centre-back, you’ve got Konate, Van Dijk and Matip all in front of him. “He needs to go now and play some regular football. We’ve seen players like Tomori go to AC Milan and start again. Gomez could easily do something similar and join a Euro giant. “I’m sure he’ll have aspirations of going to the World Cup so he will want to play some football because otherwise he’s got no chance.” But there is reportedly already interest from clubs in England who have spotted that the 11-time capped England international is essentially collecting dust in Merseyside when he could be playing regular football. Gomez is out of contract in 2023 and one would assume that talks with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane are taking priority over his, assuming the club do what the defender to stay. Aston Villa and Newcastle have both been linked with a move for the centre-back, and the opportunity to work under Steven Gerrard could prove persuasive given that he is a legend of his current side. Klopp has already acknowledged that he probably Gomez will probably be becoming agitated, saying “With the quality of Joe, if I had it, I would be difficult to deal with,” implying that the defender has been professional about his limited minutes. The Reds have an academy packed full of talent and there will certainly be a youngster or two who would benefit massively for a season in the first team, cashing in on an unused asset seems a beneficial move for all involved.