The news has thrown international markets into chaos, and the effects will be felt by ordinary people around the world as the crisis continues. Global stocks fell due to President Putin’s announcement and oil prices rallied, with Brent crude rising more than three percent to close in on $99.50 per barrel - topping a seven-year high. It later fell to settle at $96.84 a barrel, up 3.5 percent from the previous day. An oil price of around $100 per barrel is the highest seen since late 2014. Bastien Drut, chief thematic macro strategist at CPR Asset Management, said: “One of the very few definitive things we can see from this crisis is that energy prices are going higher. “Even if there is no further escalation in Ukraine, the main consequence is still going to be higher inflation.”  READ MORE: Drivers pay record prices at the pumps The average price of fuel reached 149p per litre this weekend, but this is expected to rise to a new all-time high of 150p in the coming days - and could rise even further as the crisis continues. Simon Williams, of the RAC, said: “Russia’s decision to invade Ukraine is already causing oil prices to rise and will undoubtedly send fuel prices inexorably higher towards the grim milestone of £1.50 a litre. “This spells bad news for drivers in the UK struggling to afford to put fuel in their cars. “With retailers quick to pass on any wholesale price rises they experience, we could sadly see the average price of unleaded hit £1.50 in the next few days and diesel approaching £1.54.” This means filling up an average 55-litre family car would set you back £82.50. A full tank of diesel would cost £84.70. Mr Williams added that large petrol retailers should endeavour to protect customers from rising costs, instead of prioritising their own profit margins.  DON'T MISSNew car ban rules attacked for ‘taking away our freedoms’ [INSIGHT]Fears for further fuel price hike as workers look to strike [REPORT]Early E10 tests showed much heavier fuel consumption [INSIGHT] He said: “We realise that smaller retailers who don’t buy fuel as frequently will be hit by higher wholesale costs but the biggest retailers who buy all the time shouldn’t currently be increasing their forecourt prices. “We urge them to play fair with drivers at this difficult time.” It comes at a time when the cost-of-living crisis is continuing to spiral out of control. Inflation hit a 30 year peak of 5.5 percent in January and is expected to rise even further throughout 2022. The booming cost of energy will also set households back a considerable amount this year, with the energy price cap rising by 52 percent from April. As Russia is a major oil and natural gas producer, sanctions against the country or willful disruption by Russia in the case of a conflict are expected to lead to energy shortages, meaning prices will go up on the world market. To make matters worse, the Government is pressing ahead with the rise in National Insurance payments for British workers.