Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova has lashed out at Boris Johnson after being pressed on UK Defence Minister Ben Wallace's description of Vladimir Putin as  having gone "full tonto." Sky News International Affairs Editor Dominic Waghorn posed the question during a press conference with the Kremlin's Foreign Affairs spokeswoman amid fierce fighting following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Ms Zakharova told the Sky News Editor: "It's surprising that such evaluations given by Defence Minister of the UK regarding authorities of a different state,I think he could have thought up of similar adjectives. "Thinking of British Prime Minister, if we're talking about personal judgement. "If we talk about the operation and that there are people dying, then yes, unfortunately, this is a huge tragedy that there is a need to resort to such methods." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  She then went on to argue the West had failed to report on "bloodshed going on in eastern Ukraine" since the conflict in Donbas began in 2015. She ranted: "When could you please say how many years must have this bloodshed going on in eastern Ukraine? five or ten years? "Why did you start counting victims only today or yesterday? "Who gave you the right to ignore victims, especially that we were talking about thousands of them over all these years."  Mr Wallace made the unguarded comments while chatting to serving military personnel at the Horse Guards building in Westminster on Wednesday. Speaking about the situation in Ukraine, he said: "It's going to be a busy Army. "Unfortunately we've got a busy adversary now in Putin, who has gone full tonto." Mr Wallace, a former Scots Guards officer, also said on Wednesday that his regiment had "kicked the backside" of Tsar Nicholas I during the Crimean War and "we can always do it again". DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] He said: "Tsar Nicholas I made the same mistake Putin did... he had no friends, no alliances." Mr Wallace's assessment of the Russian president came after Mr Johnson accused Mr Putin of being "in an illogical and irrational frame of mind". It comes as Ukraine's capital braced for an assault by Russian forces. "The city has gone into a defensive phase. Shots and explosions are ringing out in some neighbourhoods. Saboteurs have already entered Kyiv," said Kyiv's mayor, former world heavyweight boxing champion Vitali Klitchko.