While a TV licence is required to watch or record live programming on any channel not just the BBC, some Britons don’t need one. Others could be eligible for a free licence depending on their circumstances. While millions of Britons will have to fork out for a TV licence every year costing them £159, others could be paying for it unnecessarily. People do not have to pay for a TV licence if they only watch Netflix and YouTube meaning they could save £159 per year. As long as they don’t watch live programmes or record TV to watch later, they don’t need to fork out the cash. More than 1.7 million people avoided paying the licence fee in 2020 and others could now apply for a refund. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: DWP benefit to be replaced for 80,000 people Refunds are given by TV Licensing if the holder does not need their licence again before it expires. To obtain a full refund, people need to complete an online form with their details. Licence holders must clarify the date at which they will no longer need it. TV licensing will then work out how much of a refund someone is due. DON'T MISSBritons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [UPDATE]Attendance Allowance: Four different tests to claim up to £4,600 [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, more than half a million pensioners don’t know that they are entitled to watch TV for free. Anyone claiming Pension Credit who is 75 and over qualifies for a free TV licence. Over half a million older people receive the state pension but aren’t claiming Pension Credit, from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Poverty charity Turn2us said that 589,000 older people are not claiming Pension Credit which opens the door to a free TV licence. To qualify for Pension Credit someone needs to be earning less than £177.10 per week. This extra Government assistance could add up to £3,120 over the course of a year. As well as a free TV licence, it could also mean that pensioners receive help towards the cost of energy bills. It also covers anyone living in the same household meaning they don’t need a TV licence either. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Who is eligible for a free TV licence? Over 75s who receive Pension Credit Anyone who doesn’t watch TV but watches Netflix and YouTube Blind or sight impaired people, or anyone living in the same household, are entitled to a 50 percent reduction on their bill Care home residents are charged a concessionary rate of £7.50, while over-75s in residences that have ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence.