Sky’s hit fantasy drama has come to an end all too soon after starting the story of magical historian Diana Bishop (played by Teresa Palmer) back in 2019. Although the main story may be over, A Discovery of Witches’ showrunner Lachlan MacKinnon has hinted there may still be more to come from the All Souls universe. Deborah Harkness’ fantastical world of witches, vampires and demons could eventually be resurrected in a sequel spin-off, producer Lachlan teased. Season three wrapped up the story of Diana and Matthew Clairmont (Matthew Goode) with an epic and satisfying conclusion in February 2022. While the magical world may have been reunited in Sky’s small screen adaptation, this was by no means the end of the tale for Deborah’s bestselling novel series. During a recent fan event ahead of the series finale, Lachlan opened up about possible plans to continue its All Souls adaptation with a new set of characters. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life “It’s a cracker,” he said when the producer was asked about a potential sequel or spin-off. “Look, first and foremost we were making the trilogy of A Discovery of Witches. “So, we really focused on being a self-contained series with a very clear beginning, and a middle, and an end.” For now, Lachlan and the writing team wanted to ensure fans of Deborah’s original trilogy were given the satisfying conclusion they were expecting after devouring the first three books in the series.  However, the writer eventually followed up with a fourth novel, Time’s Lament, which is expected to kickstart another trilogy set in the same universe. Part prequel, part sequel, the new novel could form the basis of a Discovery of Witches spin-off if Sky decides to return to Deborah’s hugely popular fantasy world. Lachlan explained: “But you’ll probably know, this is not the end of Deb’s writing. “There are other novels there tackling familiar and new characters. Different timeframes.” DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla boss issued warning before signing on [INSIGHT]SEAL Team: Max Thieriot lands major new TV role [NEWS]Outlander: Bree star Sophie Skelton shares embarrassing nickname [COMMENT] He then teased: “So you’re going to have to watch this space.” Set on the battlefields of the American Revolution, the sequel series could prove a hit for Outlander fans, and would also provide an excellent excuse for revisiting the show’s dishy vampire love interest, Matthew Clairmont. Unfortunately, the producer was unable to reveal any further plans, or if he was involved in any talks of continuing the story. He then joked: “If I tell you any more Diana might have to cast the Witch Wind!” Further details are being kept under wraps, but Lachlan certainly didn’t deny any plans of a possible spin-off. Sky could be waiting to see the responses to Deborah’s new book, The Serpent’s Mirror, before giving the green light to another TV series. Her fifth All Souls novel is expected to be released later this year, so diehard readers still have plenty to look forward to from the All Souls universe. A Discovery of Witches is available to stream on Sky Go and NOW.