Fern Britton, 64, was married to TV executive Clive Jones, with the couple having three children together. However, not long after their youngest Grace was born, their relationship began to disintegrate, with Fern making an admission about that period of her life in a new interview. The couple married on November 12 1988, and have three children together including twins Jack and Harry, as well as their youngest Grace. They separated in January 1998, with this being a very hard period for Fern as she had three small children to look after. Fern took part in Kate Thornton's podcast White Wine Question Time, with the latest episode released last Friday. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Kate asked Fern about an important period in her life, with Fern recalling when she had her three children with Clive. She said: "Then when the boys were about three I discovered I was pregnant! Miracles happen!" This comes after Fern was unsure she would be able to get pregnant naturally, having her sons through IVF. She continued: "Had this beautiful little girl, Gracie. "Then unfortunately my marriage broke up when she was 5 months old so that was a tricky one. "So, I had a year of really digging deep." Kate replied, talking to Fern telling her how "hard" that period of her life must be. Fern replied: "But then a year later I met Phil and we were married after a year. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSTAGRAM] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [COMMENT] "Then at the last chance saloon, Winnie arrived." Fern has previously spoken of how she wishes she could have made it work with Clive for their children. In an interview with the Telegraph in 2016, Fern admitted: "That would have been better for the kids. "You want it to last for the rest of your lives." However, she admitted that after their split Fern says she felt "liberated". The presenter continued: "I felt a sense of peace. That said, work is a salvation when you're in a bit of a mess." Fern got the This Morning gig in 1999, when her marriage to Clive was coming to an end, leaving her with other things to focus on. She also met her ex-husband Phil Vickery shortly after her first marriage broke down, with the couple marrying in 2000. They however, announced their split in 2020 after 20 years together.