Cristiano Ronaldo may still be in peak condition at the age of 37, but the five-time Ballon d'Or winner has been urged to consider retiring in the summer and hang up his boots while he is still at the 'top'. Cristiano Ronaldo has been urged to retire at Manchester United this summer and hang up his boots while he is still at 'the top'. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner made a sensational return to United this summer after a 12-year stint away from Old Trafford, but it hasn't gone exactly to plan. United were meant to be battling for the Premier League title, but instead they are left battling for fourth, although Ronaldo has still managed 15 goals in 28 games since his return. But Ronaldo has started to struggle at times and is looking more and more human at the age of 37, and he has been urged to have a 'discussion' about calling time on his career. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  Ronaldo has been urged to retire while still at 'the top' by former Chelsea star Frank Leboeuf, after the Portugal captain revealed ambitions of playing well into his 40's. Leboeuf believes that Ronaldo should consider his options at the end of the season, as he told ESPN: "Do you know what? I think there is a time where you have to think, 'What do I do with my life and my career'. "And maybe it's time for Cristiano Ronaldo at the end of his career to wonder and have a discussion with himself, and maybe some of his family, to know what he has to do for the rest of his career, if there is a future in his career." The former Chelsea defender thinks that it would be better for Ronaldo to retire while still at the top, rather than deteriorating as he ages further.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Leboeuf added: "I don't want to watch Ronaldo and have pity, because he's been on the top for so many years. "I don't want him to be a normal player. He's been an exceptional player for so long. "I'd prefer him to give up his career at the top instead of maybe trying and play for two or three more years and not being the player that he used to be." Ronaldo previously stated that he wants to play well into his 40's, and at the age of 37, he is still in remarkable condition compared to many other professionals at a similar age.  The 37-year-old smashed fitness tests when he rejoined United, and he told ESPN Brazil earlier in the season: "I feel happy to be a player who has shown who, in my case, longevity has been a crucial factor for me to keep playing at a high level, putting in good performances. "Genetically I feel like I'm 30 years old. I take great care of my body and my mind. Something I've learned recently is that after 33, I believe the body can deliver if you need it, but the real battle is mental. "Going through many things with the focus on the end goal of staying at a high level is the hardest thing, and that's what I've been doing for the last few years. "I've been working and focusing more on working on my mind. I know my body will handle me because I have a lot of respect for it and I listen to it a lot.  "Life has to have important moments, for better or for worse, but when you fall you must have the strength to get up. I'm happy, I want to stay here and see what will happen. "I want to find out if I'm going to play until I'm 40, 41, or 42, but the most important thing is that my daily goal is to enjoy the moment." Ronaldo certainly wants to be involved in the big occasions for as long as possible, making it unlikely that he will choose to retire this summer. 