Russian troops have settled in Donetsk and Luhansk in a move considered a pretext for invasion by western leaders. Mr Putin claimed they had arrived for “peacekeeping functions”, but their presence came following an impassioned speech from the Russian premier about former Soviet states belonging to his country. While the move marks the most overt attempt to cross local borders, it is the latest in a clutch western leaders claim he has used to legitimise invasion. What is a false flag operation? False flag operations and attacks have existed as a staple military tool for generations. They rely on deception and see militaries of one country carry out incursions designed to appear as if they come from elsewhere, usually the opposing nation. Doing so legitimises a response where justification was absent before, accelerating political or tactical aims. The term has roots in the age of piracy when vessels would fly the flag of other ships to coax them into a feeling of false security before attacking and robbing them under this "false flag". False flag operations have since factored in several pivotal conflicts, most famously before World War Two. The tactic was a favourite of Adolf Hitler, who famously used actors to set fire to the Reichstag in 1933 before accusing a communist perpetrator. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel prices hit new record high as drivers warned The blame allowed the growing Nazi party to purge Germany of political opposition, ultimately paving the way for Hitler to expand and eventually spark war with the allies. Western leaders have accused Mr Putin of using false flags to justify making further inroads on Ukraine. They accused the Russian leadership of fomenting one as early as January this year before identifying a potential operation last week. On January 14, a US intelligence spokesman from the Pentagon warned Ukrainians to "prepare for the worst" as they alleged that operatives intended to mount false flag attacks. By February 17, British and American leadership identified the first potential use of the tactic in Ukraine. That morning, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) identified “multiple shelling incidents” across the border with Russia. Officials claimed the car targeted citizens being evacuated to Russia as tensions escalated. But people combing through the footage metadata found it was created on June 12, 2019. Another clip shared on social media claimed to show an active exchange between the Russian and Ukrainian military. Body camera footage recorded explosions and responding Russian soldiers descending on the scene. But British-based journalist Jake Hanrahan identified a lack of returning fire from the "Ukrainian" side, suggesting it was staged. These events are a drop in the ocean of clips circulating on social media that experts claim form part of a Russian disinformation campaign. Over the last week, analysts have found the volume of disinformation coming from the country has "more than doubled". Speaking to Sky News, one western official explicitly identified coverage from Russian state media as a coordinated "information operation". They added that it wasn't working as well as hoped, with "shoddy fakes" among the selection offered.