Open champion Collin Morikawa looks to have snubbed the chance to compete in the newly proposed Saudi Golf League, after aiming to break records set by Tiger Woods on the PGA Tour. The Saudi-backed series led by former world No. 1 Greg Norman has golf by storm in recent months, as it looks to lure away some of the world’s biggest players to its mega-money competition. There has been plenty of split opinion regarding the circuit, with both the PGA Tour and DP World Tour said to heavily oppose the idea. Players who have seemed actively interested in the controversial series included the likes of Bryson DeChambeau and Phil Mickelson, however fellow American Morikawa has pledged his allegiance to the PGA Tour. Ahead of his return at the Genesis Invitational this week the Open champion said: “As it goes to the Saudi stuff, I'm all for the PGA Tour.” As a result, this week’s event at Riviera Country Club will be hosted by the Tour’s joint-most successful player in Woods, one year on from high-speed car accident in Los Angeles. READ MORE: PGA Tour brand Phil Mickelson a liar over "obnoxious greed" claims  The 82-time PGA Tour winner revolutionised the game of golf, breaking nearly every record in his path. An, America’s new golden boy Morikawa is hoping to follow in the footsteps of the 15-time major champion, insisting that is only possible by remaining on the US-based circuit. He continued: “I've thought about playing against Tiger, beating his records, whatever, something that might not even be breakable. “But I've never had another thought of what's out there, right? I've never thought about anything else, it's always been the PGA Tour." He went on to add that he was ‘happy’ on the PGA Tour and felt like that is where he ‘belonged’. DON'T MISS: Bryson DeChambeau makes decision on £100m offer from Saudi Golf League “Right now, you look at the best players that I see and they're all sticking with the PGA Tour,” Morikawa added. “And that's where I kind of stay and that's where I belong. I'm very happy to be here.” It has been no secret in recent weeks that many of the world’s biggest players had received offers from the league, after Phil Mickelson revealed ‘the top 100’ had all been approached. And despite his allegiances with the PGA Tour, Morikawa did confirm he had received contact from the series and seemed to imply he wouldn’t completely rule a move out if sufficient evidence for the circuit was presented. He commented: “Look, so we had conversations. That was later down the road.I wanted to find out more details. “So yeah, there was money, but for me it's thinking about where I am in the position I am today, right? I'm 25, I've got a great life, I've got a great career so far. I'm enjoying it, I'm loving what I'm doing. "The only way I can start thinking about other tours, other leagues, whatever you call it, I need concrete evidence. “I need to be able to see a sheet in front of me and know what's out there, right? “And as of now, for what I know, I don't know what's out there. All I've heard are rumours, all I've heard is talk and that's hard to do, right?"