One man from London has told Express.co.uk how his love for a freebie has helped him develop a successful £1million business. In an exclusive interview he shared how he did it. Deepak Tailor can’t resist a freebie - he once bagged a Colgate electric toothbrush worth £195 for absolutely nothing. It’s this passion for hunting down a bargain that led him to set up a website to help other people find free stuff. When he started the site from his bedroom nine years ago, he had no idea just how big it would become. Deepak said: “The more we helped people over the years, the more people shared the site with their friends and family.” READ MORE: TV licence: A full guide to all the discounts available The 34-year-old entrepreneur continued: “I had no idea how big it would become as I literally only wanted to help people save money as we were coming out of an economic recession. “The community grew quickly and everyday people started coming back to the site to check what new freebies were available.” The site makes money by charging brands to advertise but this doesn't affect how much prominence a company is given. Deepak explained: “We always try to prioritise the best free samples offers rather than any paid offers from brands.” DON'T MISSThe ‘most successful product’ pitched on Dragons’ Den – worth millions [INSIGHT]Government has announced a £150 council tax rebate [UPDATE]NatWest set to close 32 bank branches - full list of closures [WARNING] Deepak has long been the ‘go to’ person among his friends when it comes to tracking down a good deal and he now has a team of 23 people to help him run his two websites - LatestFreeStuff.co.uk and LatestDeals.co.uk. His top tip for other entrepreneurs in the digital sphere is to never give up. Deepak explained: “The key skills you need are hard work and perseverance - I have needed all of these skills in bucketloads. "There have been so many times over the years where things just weren't going well and I wanted to give up.” He continued: “The other key skill you need is to make sure you deliver value to the user. “You need to make sure you put them first in everything you do so they are incentivised to become your brand’s biggest fans.” It’s sound advice from the 34-year-old who has come a long way since his student days. In addition, Deepak also has some tips for bargain hunters who are looking to get their hands on more freebies this year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How to find the best freebies: “Make sure you use the 'auto-fill address' feature on your phone or laptop when you are applying for freebies. This button can be so helpful by filling in all your details quickly saving you lots of time! “It's always best to try and create a second email address to use when applying for some freebies. Companies that send out freebies tend to send lots of emails. You can set up new email addresses at Gmail.com or Outlook.com and use only that email address for claiming freebies and samples. “Make sure you follow the instructions of each freebie really carefully. You don't want to accidentally miss out your address. As you'll never end up getting the freebie! “Download the LatestFreeStuff.co.uk mobile app and sign up to our email newsletter to hear about new offers as they can run out really quickly. You have to be really fast or you'll miss out!”