From January 15, tourists and residents in Spain’s Costa del Sol will no longer need a Covid passport. The passport was used to enter bars, restaurants and hotels. Minister for Health and Families in Andalucia, Jesús Aguirre, said: “In Andalucia, we are not going to ask for renewal. “Immediately, the obligation to present the Covid passport will end. The incidence rate is going down and hospital pressure too." The passport was introduced in Andalucia on December 20. It was then seen as necessary due to the emergence of the Omicron variant and an increase in cases. READ MORE: Tourist tax: Popular destinations Britons will have to pay to visit Other Spanish regions including Galicia and the Basque country will also ditch the Covid passport. The Andalusian Federation of Hospitality Entrepreneurs welcomed the news saying, “it no longer makes sense (to have the passport)”. Javier Frutos, the president of the federation, said: “As we said from the start, it was the lesser evil for us, especially to make the population aware that they had to continue vaccinating, it is true that it has saved many lives. “In the end, the vaccine is what has really got us out of this pandemic, and today the context is totally different.” The passport required users to demonstrate proof of vaccination, a recent recovery or a negative test to enter venues. While some residents and tourists welcomed the passport, others thought it was unnecessary. Spain has also scrapped its controversial outdoor mask rule although masks are still compulsory at some events and on public transport. On February 14, Spain changed the law for British teenagers who can now enter with a negative PCR test result. The strict entry rules for British teenagers had caused thousands of holidays to be cancelled as families could not meet the requirements. Although the change in law is welcome news for many expats and tourists, it came too late for some. Many families with half-term February holidays booked in Spain had already cancelled before the change in law. However, it was welcomed by families with holidays booked for Easter and summer as they will now be able to travel. British adults will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain and will need a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. After arriving in the UK, fully vaccinated British tourists will need to fill out a passenger locator form. According to easyJet data, over 30 percent of Britons are planning a holiday to Spain in 2022. The Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol are two of Spain’s most popular destinations for Britons.