Ralf Rangnick gave a brutal response when asked by a Manchester United fan about potential summer transfer deals for Erling Haaland, Declan Rice and Jules Kounde. The Red Devils are planning ahead as they look forward to another new era at Old Trafford. Yet Champions League football next term is looking increasingly unlikely. Manchester United dropped more points in the race to finish in the top four against Watford on Saturday. The likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Anthony Elanga all spurned glorious chances to put them ahead on yet another frustrating afternoon. It means United are now facing the prospect of playing in the Europa League next term. Should they drop even more points, the Red Devils may even end up in the UEFA Conference League - something that seemed unfeasible when they brought in Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane back in the summer. After United’s match with Watford, Rangnick stayed behind to sign autographs. And Twitter user @Jimnik88 posted a video of the German talking to supporters. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick was asked by one fan about potentially deals for Haaland, Kounde and Rice at the end of the campaign. United have long admired Haaland, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer coming particularly close to landing the Norway international in January 2020. Kounde has been linked amid the poor performances of Harry Maguire, who has struggled for consistency this term. And Rice is being targeted by United as they look to enhance their midfield, especially with the futures of Paul Pogba and Donny van de Beek up in the air. Rangnick, however, then shot the supporter down. The former RB Leipzig, Schalke and Hoffenheim boss told the fan in question that he was ‘dreaming’ when it comes to landing the trio. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Even if United do have Champions League football to offer, deals for Haaland, Kounde and Rice would be difficult to broker at once. Haaland is looking likelier to go to La Liga, with Real Madrid and Barcelona keen, while a move to Manchester City can’t be ruled out. Chelsea are expected to push for the signing of Kounde, having missed out on the Sevilla star during last summer’s transfer window. And the Blues, as well as Manchester City, will rival United for the signing of West Ham star Rice - who has enjoyed a positive campaign so far. Speaking to the media after the draw with Watford, meanwhile, Rangnick rued his side’s poor finishing on the day. “We did everything apart from scoring,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have to take the result, it is difficult to win the game. “We were in full control for almost the whole game, they had hardly any counter attacks apart from the last five minutes. Apart from that, we were in total control of the game. “We had enough chances. In the first half we had four clear opportunities that normally would have been enough to score one or two goals. “In the second half there were similar. It is about efficiency, about being clinical in front of goal and this is not for the first time unfortunately but apart from that we were in true control of the game, dominated the game. “Our job as coaches is to help the team create enough chances. “If we only had two or three opportunities in the game we could ask ourselves, well what can we do to create more chances but I think the number of clear chances we had today has to be enough to win a game like this.” Watford boss Roy Hodgson was delighted with his side’s showing, however. “It was always going to be hard fought for teams like ourselves here,” said Hodgson. “We held our own exceptionally well. I wasn't thinking they were going to score every time they had the ball. “We should be fighting for our lives on the pitch. The attitude of the team was outstanding. “It would’ve been nice to have shown more composure on the break but that's hard to do in our position. Once or twice, we got into great positions and perhaps that first decision let us down a little. “The players should be proud of their performance. I didn't see players leaping around afterwards celebrating, which shows me they've got high standards. “We grafted so well, well enough to deserve a point I thought.”