Households who want a low-carbon heat pump in their homes in England and Wales could receive a £5,000 grant from the Government in April 2022. The Government's goal is to replace less efficient gas boilers from next month. This is part of the £3.9billion project to make all heating systems in the UK low carbon by 2035. However, the scheme will be on a first-come, first-served basis. Britons will also need to pay the difference if costs exceed the £5,000 grant.  Who is eligible for the grant? Most homeowners in England and Wales will be able to participate in the scheme. However, it won't be available for those in social housing and new-build properties. The scheme won't be available in Northern Ireland or Scotland.  Who will get £5,000? Most households (up to the 30,000/year cap) that apply will receive a £5,000 grant for an air-sourced heat pump. Britons whose property needs heat pumps where heat is sourced from the ground will receive £6,000 as they are more expensive. This is designed to help cover the cost of everything from the pump to the installation. Other costs, such as having new radiators that work with the heat pumps installed, will also be covered. However, it is important to note the £5,000 grant won't cover all installation costs. Homeowners are expected to pay the difference in the bill. On average, heat pumps (and their installation) cost between £10,000 and £12,000, but that price may vary depending on the property. How can Britons apply? Households don't need to apply for the grant. First, people need to engage with a heat pump installer, which will then apply to energy regulator Ofgem for the grant on their behalf. Once the application has been reviewed, a voucher confirming the grant will be issued by Ofgem. The installer will have a set amount of time to complete the installation, which is likely to be around three months. Once completed, the installer submits a certificate to Ofgem and the regulator will then pay the grant amount directly to the installer and the homeowner will be billed for the remaining amount.