Nikita Kuzmin spoke out about his concerns about his grandmother as he shared a spine-chilling video of the Ukraine conflict. The Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer took to Instagram today to show the current situation in Obolon, where he grew up. The clip, filmed from an apartment block, showed a street in the Obolon district in Kyiv with blasts heard in the background. It also shows what appears to be a military vehicle stopping at a car park. In view of his 114,000 followers, Nikita captioned the footage: “This is happening in Kiev, in Obolon - were I grew up. (sic) “My grandma, is right there, couples of minutes away.” READ MORE: Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit He continued: “Later in this video you can see a tank going over a civilian car with innocent people in it.” Nikita also shared a picture of Ukraine’s flag yesterday as the conflict began to escalate. He captioned the image: “Heartbreaking.” The TV star was inundated with messages of support from fans, who sent their “prayers” to him and his Ukrainian relatives. Nicola_jjones commented: “I’m so so sorry Nikita. “Prayers for you, your family, loved ones and the people of Ukraine - we stand with Ukraine!” Rock_godess_rules added: “Heartbreaking to hear of this news. “Sending much love to you and your family. READ MORE...Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [UPDATE]Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST]John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS] “I hope your family are safe at this time. Hope and praying. “We are all standing behind you.” Twinklesd1970 wrote: “Lots of love Nikita and prayers for Ukraine.” Nikita’s co-star, Motsi Mabuse, 40, has also taken to social media to share her heartbreak over her Ukrainian relatives. The Strictly judge tweeted about her despair for her Ukrainian mother-in-law who is "crying" and "afraid" at the chance of a Russian attack. Motsi wrote in view of her 71,300 followers: "It's heartbreaking hearing my mother in law crying this morning, afraid. "And there's absolutely nothing we can do! Just sad honestly." Motsi has been married to her partner Evgenij Voznyuk since 2017 after meeting in 2015 at a German Latin Dance contest.