Golf superstar Phil Mickelson and long-time sponsor KPMG have cut ties following the backlash in response to his comments regarding a potential Saudi Arabian Super Golf League. Mickelson was widely criticised for his remarks, which suggested he was only invested in the breakaway competition to gain leverage over PGA Tour organisers. The six-time major winner is quoted calling Saudi Arabia "scary motherf*****s to get involved with" in the upcoming book, 'Phil: The Rip-Roaring (and Unauthorized!) Biography of Golf’s Most Colorful Superstar'. He also described the Kingdom as having a "horrible record on human rights," as well as saying "we know they killed [Washington Post reporter Jamal] Khashoggi" in October 2018. Mickelson issued an apology for the comments and said he's given all corporate sponsors "the option to pause or end the relationship" after said quotes went public. In response, KPMG is one such company that's taken the opportunity to end its partnership with 'Lefty'. “KPMG U.S. and Phil Mickelson have mutually agreed to end our sponsorship effective immediately. We wish him the best,” the accounting firm said in a statement on Tuesday. JUST IN: Tiger Woods issues 'frustrating' update on return to action following horror car crash  "KPMG continues to sponsor brand ambassadors on the PGA Tour and LPGA Tour and is the title sponsor of the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a major on the LPGA Tour. "We are also proud to continue providing advanced analytics to the LPGA Tour through KPMG Performance Insights, and host the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program in conjunction with our sponsorship of the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship." The Super Golf League idea sprouted several years ago and has attempted to lure some of the sport's top names away from its competitor, the PGA Tour. Mickelson is the most prominent name to voice support for the breakaway contest and is understood to have received an offer worth upwards of $100million (£73.5m) to join.  His insincerity appeared exposed, however, after he also said he wasn't sure he wanted the SGL to succeed, but "just the idea of it is allowing us to get things done with the [PGA] Tour.” World No. 5 Rory McIlroy described Mickelson's remarks as "egotistical and ignorant," while other fellow professionals joined in the criticism. The 51-year-old was talking to Alan Shipnuck for his upcoming biography—due out in May—though the author and golf writer has disputed Mickelson's 'off-the-record' claims. Shipnuck said on Twitter that their "interview was on-the-record," adding Mickelson's suggestion to the contrary was "completely false" and because he 'didn't like the reaction.' Mickelson has not ruled out joining the Super Golf League in future, while Dustin Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau recently became the latest names to commit to the PGA Tour. KPMG sponsored Mickelson for 14 years prior to ending their relationship via mutual agreement, with other names possibly set to follow. 'Lefty' signed off his apology by telling his 818,000 Twitter followers he'll take some time off to 'work on being the man he wants to be.'