Channel 4 will air a documentary tonight, showing the dark story of Britain's most infamous child murders, retold with never-before-seen prison letters, eyewitness accounts and expert analysis. Tonight's episode follows how investigators discovered shocking evidence of a 10-year-old girl being tortured, and how police used photographs of the serial-killing couple posing on the moors to locate the body of the third known victim, a 12-year-old boy. The Moors Murders were carried out by Ian Brady and Myra Hindley between 1963 and 1965 in the Manchester area. They killed five children – Pauline Reade, John Kilbride, Keith Bennett, Lesley Ann Downey and Edward Evans — all aged between 10 and 17, at least four of whom were sexually assaulted. Two of the victims were discovered in 1965 ‒ John and Lesley. A third body ‒ Pauline’s ‒ wasn't found until 1987, more than twenty years after Brady and Hindley's trial. Keith’s body is also thought to be buried there, but despite repeated searches it remains undiscovered. Brady took the location of Keith’s body to the grave with him. In 2017, The Mirror shared rare photos of the couple and their 'house of terror', where they killed at least two children – and which eventually led to their capture when the body of their last victim ‒ Edward ‒ was found inside. One picture showed Hindley talking to a woman at the front of the house while Brady watches on. The image of the pair on their doorstep was unearthed by researcher Darren Rae, who has been searching for where they buried 12-year-old Keith. Taken in 1965, the black and white photograph shows Brady, then 27, and Hindley, then 23, with her younger sister Maureen outside 16 Wardle Brook Avenue, a two-bedroom council house in Hyde, near Manchester. Other rare photographs show policemen standing in the doorway of the home – where Hindley lived with her grandmother and officers found the corpse of their final victim, 17-year-old Edward. Another shows a policeman standing next to a vase of flowers at an upstairs window. When eventually nobody lived there, the house was finally pulled down in 1987. Hindley and Brady were only charged for three of the murders, receiving life sentences. READ MORE: Serial killer shock: The final desperate last words to Moors Murderers The investigation was reopened in 1985 after Brady was reported as having confessed to the murders of Pauline and Keith. After confessing to these additional murders, Brady and Hindley were taken separately to assist in the search for the graves. Hindley has been described as "the most evil woman in Britain". She made several appeals against her life sentence, claiming she had been rehabilitated. However, she was never released, and died in prison aged 60 in 2002. Brady was diagnosed as a psychopath in 1985 and confined in the high-security Ashworth Hospital. He made it clear that he never wished to be released, and repeatedly asked to be allowed to die. He died in 2017, at Ashworth, aged 79. DON'T MISS Myra Hindley and Ian Brady: How obsession turned to Hate [INSIGHT] Moors Murderers: Myra Hindley accused Brady of drugging and raping her [ANALYSIS] Myra Hindley letters: What where the Moors Murders? [INSIGHT] Serena Simmons, a psychologist at Nottingham Trent University, told the Mirror in 2017 that Brady is not so different in death as he was in life. She said: "From divulging apparent 'new' information to requesting a further mental health tribunal in 2013, Brady did all he could to remain in the public-eye – even when in confinement. "Diagnosed with Narcissistic Personality Disorder meant that he enjoyed the limelight and indulged in this long drawn out game of power and control right up until his death. "He died as he lived ‒ in complete control. From pulling his own tubes out to his Do Not Resuscitate (DNR) order. "He always presented this grandiose power and even the idea of being forgotten was, for him, a fate worse than death." Moors Murders is on Channel 4 tonight at 10pm.