The rules of the road have been a big talking point recently as changes to the Highway Code have seen drivers having to adapt to pedestrians and cyclists in some chaotic scenes. But many motorists are unaware of the huge number of existing rules that can hit wallets hard if not adhered to. One such rule is number 57, which involves family pets being correctly contained when they’re in a car. It states: "When in a vehicle make sure dogs or other animals are suitably restrained so they cannot distract you while you are driving or injure you, or themselves, if you stop quickly. “A seat belt harness, pet carrier, dog cage or dog guard are ways of restraining animals in cars." The fine for not following the guidelines on dogs could be anything up to a staggering £5,000. READ MORE- DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Robert Harris, Director at Vehicle Contracts to get expert advice on how to avoid excessive driving fines. The heaviest fines are for speeding - are drivers taking excess speed seriously enough?“Although motorists are often reminded to keep an eye on their speed, through speed cameras, road signs and police spot checks, speeding is a common occurrence. “You may think that going only slightly beyond the limit won’t have any real impact, but each increase in speed brings with it an increased risk – pedestrians, for example, are more likely to suffer serious injuries the faster a car is travelling. DON'T MISS...Drivers ‘worried about’ new car tax proposals [INFORMER]How much is your car worth? How to get the most money [INSIGHT]MOT expert answers most commonly asked questions [EXPLAINER] Mr Harris continued: “The Association of Chief Police Officers recommends a ‘10 percent plus two’ rule when judging which speeds require a punishment, but this isn’t law – in reality, driving only 2mph above the speed limit is enough to earn a £100 fine and three penalty points on your licence. Higher speeds incur higher penalties and prosecution.” Just how dangerous is using a mobile phone while driving and how much has this increased?“Using a phone whilst driving, whether to input directions, text or answer a call, is serving as a dangerous distraction by drawing attention away from the road. It can put yourself, other road users and also pedestrians at risk. “Being caught using a mobile phone whilst driving can land motorists with a £200 fine and six penalty points on their licence. “ The maximum fine for a traffic light offence is twice that of not wearing a seatbelt - is this a surprise?“While committing a traffic light offence, such as running a red light, and not wearing a seatbelt can both lead to potentially fatal situations, the former could impact on other road users and pedestrians. “For this reason, the risk is higher, which is reflected in the possible fines. “That’s not to say seatbelts shouldn’t be taken seriously, however. Whenever travelling in the car, ensure you and your passengers are fastened correctly before setting off.” Just how dangerous is using a mobile phone while driving and how much has this increased?Using a phone whilst driving, whether to input directions, text or answer a call, is serving as a dangerous distraction by drawing attention away from the road. It can put yourself, other road users and also pedestrians at risk. Being caught using a mobile phone whilst driving can land motorists with a £200 fine and six penalty points on their licence. Five expert tips to avoid driving heavy fines: Stick to the legal speed limit according to the type of road, using cues in the absence of signs – such as speed bumps typically indicating a 20mph limitMake regular car maintenance a priority and consider interim services in periods of higher mileageBe mindful of the latest Highway Code changes and abide by the road rulesNever use your mobile phone behind the wheelAvoid driving if you have consumed anything which may impair your judgement, even if you think you’re okay - including alcohol, drugs and medication