The amount of state pension one person can get might be different to someone else, and not everyone will get their state pension at the same age. The Government’s online checker can help people find out more information about the state pension. The ‘Check your state pension forecast’ is a free to use online service which can be accessed through the Gov.uk website. The service can be used to find out: READ MORE: State pension: 500,000 Britons will not get increase in April due to frozen pensions The forecast is designed for people to check information relating to their state pension in advance of them reaching state pension age. Therefore, those who are already receiving their state pension cannot use the service. Likewise, people who have deferred receiving their state pension are unable to get a state pension forecast. The Government advises that the online service is the quickest way to get a forecast, but there are alternative options as well. DON'T MISS‘Money is tight!’ Britons could lose free prescriptions after state pension rule changes [WARNING]Attendance Allowance claim: Parkinson's UK explains 4 different tests for getting benefit [INSIGHT]TV licence: Which DWP benefits mean you qualify for a free licence? [ALERT] Britons who will reach state pension age in more than 30 days can also: The future Pension Centre can be contacted on 0800 731 0175. The full new state pension is currently paid at a rate of £179.60 per week. Yearly increases are made to the state pension, so it may be significantly higher by the time some people reach state pension age. From April 2022, the full new state pension will rise to £185.15. The amount of state pension someone can get depends on their National Insurance, meaning not everyone will get the full state pension if their record is not sufficient. The state pension forecast can be used to see if an individual has any gaps in their National Insurance record which need to be filled in order to increase the amount of state pension they can get. This may be done through certain benefits or by paying voluntary contributions. Britons can currently get their state pension at age 66, but this will rise in the future. The state pension age will become 67 no later than 2028, and will then rise again to 68 by 2046.