Manchester United are thought to be preparing new contract offers for Diogo Dalot and Fred, according to reports. The two surprise stars of the season have made quite the impression under Ralf Rangnick, who has continued to pick them both regularly since replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. It's been a rough ride for Dalot at Old Trafford until now, having spent the majority of his time behind Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the pecking order. But Rangnick has been prepared to show faith in the Portuguese international, who impressed on loan at AC Milan last season. Solskjaer blocked Dalot from joining Borussia Dortmund before the start of the new campaign but continued to pick Wan-Bissaka - despite his questionable form. Now ESPN say both Dalot and midfielder Fred are in line for new contracts as a result of their contributions this term. READ MORE: Man United can swerve Mauricio Pochettino with strategic left-field appointment Fiorentina are understood to be keen on signing Dalot this summer but United are now expected to show their commitment to the player. Any decision over the club's long-term first-choice right-back will rest with the new manager this summer and there could be a new addition in that department. Meanwhile, Fred has continued to prove his critics wrong with his performances in the past 18 months. The Brazilian has failed to win over the club's supporters since arriving from Shakhtar Donetsk in the summer of 2018 but now the tide is beginning to turn. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'plot move for Ajax star Antony' as Erik Ten Hag interest intensifiesChelsea 'open talks' over Raphinha transfer as '£20m Leeds relegation clause' emergesFour electric right-backs Man Utd can sign as part of full-back transfer reshuffle Fred came off the bench to blast home a vital goal in United's 4-2 win at Elland Road on Sunday. His impact and performance earned rich praise from fellow midfielder Bruno Fernandes. “Obviously, Fred is a player that works hard, and he is the kind of player who does not get a lot of media (attention) because he works hard, recovers a lot of balls,” Fernandes told MUTV. “He and Scotty (McTominay) are two players who are really important for us in many games. I am really happy for him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rangnick has made no secret of the fact he admires Fred for his qualities in the middle of the park. The box-to-box midfielder is now starting to affect the game at both ends of the pitch, earning respect from his team-mates. Both Fred and Dalot arrived at Old Trafford in the same transfer window, signing five-year contracts. They are now in the final 18 months of their current deals and both hope to stay at the club.