Hosts of the US daytime talk show The View have sparked a backlash for making "ridiculous and tone-deaf" about the Queen. Hosts Whoopi Goldberg and Joy Behar both criticised Boris Johnson for "jumping the gun" by rolling back Covid restrictions just days after the news broke that the Queen was infected. Dr Janette Nesheiwat told Fox News that the remarks were "tone-deaf" and pointed out that the Queen was "doing what she had to do". The medical doctor told Fox News that the Queen had carried out all necessary precautions, as she fired back at The View's comments. The View co-hosts questioned whether Boris Johnson should remove COVID-19 mandates in light of the news that Queen Elizabeth II contracted the virus. Ms Goldberg said: "England ending its Covid rules comes at the same time that the Queen cancelled her engagements after she got Covid. "So could Boris be jumping the gun on this or is this part of what we are going to be seeing?" Ms Behar joked: "Did the Queen go to one of his parties?" JUST IN: 'I'm so excited!' Meghan fan frenzy as Duchess shares 'wonderful' news Another co-host Sunny Hostin remarked: "It's kind of tone-deaf at this point to announce this on the eve of the Queen announcing she has contracted Covid. "They have one job and that is to protect the Queen and they couldn't even do that." In response, Ms Hostin herself was called out for her "tone-deaf" remarks in her discussion about Queen Elizabeth II's Covid diagnosis Dr Nesheiwat responded to the remarks: "It’s ridiculous. Really. You know you have to take into consideration the words that could potentially be causing and instilling fear in others. "Look I think what Boris Johnson has done is perfectly correct. That’s what the US should be doing. The Queen likely picked up Omicron from her son because it’s extremely contagious. "She did what she had to do, she’s triple vaccinated, and her symptoms are mild. You see that the level of positive cases in the community is extremely low and almost gone. "We have to scale back our mitigation efforts. We can’t live with masks and mandates forever." This comes as the Queen postponed engagements for the second time in a week following her positive Covid test. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan told to SUE [LIVE BLOG]Ukrainians mock stranded Russian troops after tank run out of fuel [VIDEO]Furious Ukrainian criticises 'toothless' sanctions amid EU pressure [INTERVIEW] However, it was confirmed that the monarch, who tested positive for the virus on Sunday, will continue with "light duties". While she cancelled some virtual engagements, the 95-year-old Queen did hold her weekly telephone audience with the Prime Minister on Wednesday. In a statement announcing the Queen's positive test last weekend, the palace said the monarch was experiencing "mild cold-like symptoms". The Queen's scheduled meetings next week have yet to be changed, providing optimism for royal fans. She is due to host a reception for diplomats at Windsor next Wednesday. The monarch is also scheduled to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on 14 March, and a memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh on 29 March.