Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has opened up on Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of tonight’s Champions League tie against Atletico Madrid. The Portugal international has a great record against the La Liga sides, having netted 25 times against them during his career so far. And he’ll be hoping to get on the scoresheet tonight as the Red Devils look to claim a first-leg lead. United have been unconvincing in the Champions League this season. But they’ve still managed to make the knockout stages of the competition, with Ronaldo playing a starring role in the process. The Portugal international netted six times from five matches, putting the likes of Villarreal, Young Boys and Atalanta to the sword. And he’s likely to start against old foes Atletico as United look to return to Manchester with a crucial lead to their name. Rangnick has spoken out ahead of tonight’s game with Atletico. And he insists the 37-year-old will be comfortable on the night, despite a hostile reception lying in store. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz When asked if Ronaldo and Raphael Varane, another former Real Madrid star, was excited about the match he said: “Yes but this is also true of the rest of the team. “Obviously, for the two of them, it's coming back to the place they used to play, the city they played for a long time.” On Ronaldo, he then added: “We will see. “Again, he’s got enough experience. He’s used to this sort of hostile atmosphere in his career so it shouldn’t impress him a lot. “Again, for us, it’s about how we perform as a team. “He cannot do it on his own. We have to perform on a high level as a team, like we did against Leeds, knowing the quality of Atletico is high.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Rangnick also admitted he was enthused by United’s 4-2 win over Leeds on Sunday. The Red Devils were tested by Marcelo Bielsa’s side, seeing a two-goal lead quickly chalked off. But United ended up emerging victorious with Harry Maguire, Bruno Fernandes, Fred and Anthony Elanga all on target. Rangnick said: “Very good. “Even more so, since the atmosphere at the stadium with Atletico will be similar, only probably in double figures with regards to supporters. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I expect 65,000 in that stadium. It was an important win for the league but also for the team to have shown they are ready for that kind of experience in that kind of atmosphere.” When quizzed on how important it is that his players are focused, the former RB Leipzig and Schalke boss said: “Very important. “In the Champions League, we can sub five players, which is good. “I would wish also this to be the case in the Premier League. I think we’re the only league in Europe, as far as I know, with only three subs being allowed. “Therefore, I’m very happy I can sub five players.” David De Gea, meanwhile, is enjoying the prospect of facing his old side on the big stage. “Yes, of course it’s an interesting and special game coming up against Atletico de Madrid,” he said. “It’s the first time I will have gone back or, indeed, played against them since I left the club, and it will be an extremely difficult game. “We all know how Atletico Madrid play, they’re a very strong and tough outfit, who know how to really compete. “It will be a hugely entertaining tie and let’s hope we can win through.”