Manchester City defender Oleksandr Zinchenko was in tears ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Everton on Saturday after Toffees fans unveiled a banner in support of Ukraine. The ace was also seen embracing his Ukraine team-mate Vitaliy Mykolenko before the action got underway.  Peace in Europe was shattered on Thursday after Russia launched a military assault on Ukraine by land, air and sea. Ukraine leaders have called the assault a “full-scale invasion,” with the country’s health ministry revealing on Saturday that 198 people had been killed and 1,115 people had been injured since the attack began. The escalating trouble has been condemned by western leaders, with sanctions on Russia already being imposed. Zinchenko was named on the bench for City’s trip to Goodison Park as the Citizens looked to extend their lead at the top of the Premier League table. And ahead of the match both sets of fans and players came together to undertake a round of applause in respect of the situation in eastern Europe. JUST IN: Manchester United explain dropping Rashford, Maguire for Watford clash   A visibly moved Zinchenko was seen tearing up as he reflected on the situation in his home country. And Everton left-back Mykolenko, who was on the bench for Everton, was also seen struggling to fight back the tears. On Friday, City boss Pep Guardiola confirmed that Zinchenko was in the right frame of mind to be involved against Everton. And the Spaniard used his platform as City boss to condemn war. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     “We spoke all of this, I spoke with him,” Guardiola said. “Everyone, the friends. “These are the headlines all around the world - it's a concern. Aleks is incredibly strong, a really brilliant guy. “Of course it's not easy but today and yesterday in training he was brilliant. He's ready to play in case he has to play. “What would you do if someone abroad attacked UK?” “What happened in Yugoslavia - no one did anything. Around the world there are many wars - it's a pity. “Innocent people will die when they just want to live in peace. All around the world you want a house, to sleep well, food on the table, movies, food, someone to love.   “When you are not involved, they attack your country and it should be complicated to arrive at this point. “Always innocent people pay the terrible price, the decisions of one or two people. Still we don't learn what happened in the past. “Right now in Syria, many places. At the end the strong part always kills the weak one. “It's a worry, what we feel with our country where we were born. Killing innocent people, how would you feel? I guess that's how he feels. “Of course it's close to him. Of course he has our support. We have people living every day together. “It can happen in the country he was born, he loves - it's attacked from outside. He's tough and knows we are here.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 