Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow today. The pair discussed bilateral relations in a three-hour-long meeting. It comes after Russian troops poured into Ukraine earlier today and cause devastation across the country. A number of nations, including Britain, have slapped harsh sanctions on the Kremlin. Mr Khan is said to be ready to push for the construction of a long-delayed, multi-billion-dollar gas pipeline to be built in collaboration with Russian companies. Pakistan's energy ministry spokesman said: "Both countries are eager to launch the project at the earliest." The The 1,100 km (683 mile)-long Pakistan Stream pipeline, was initially agreed to in 2015 and was to be financed by both Moscow and Islamabad, using a Russian company to construct it. READ MORE: Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour as Putin launches 'full-scale' war In an interview ahead of his trip, Mr Khan had expressed concern about the situation in Ukraine and expressed his willingness to speed up the project. Yesterday, Germany put a stop to a key Russian gas pipeline, Nord Stream 2. The project was set to deliver fas from Russia to Germany, bypassing Ukraine and Poland. The Nord Stream 2 pipeline has been supported by Germany despite opposition from countries such as the US, UK, Poland and Ukraine. It cost €10billion (£8.4billion), with the funding split between Russian and Western energy companies. DON'T MISS Xi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REPORT] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [REVEAL] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT] Pakistan's Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov reportedly also discussed important regional and global issues amid the Moscow-Kyiv crisis. Mr Qureshi said: "Pakistan attaches special importance to bilateral relations with Russia [...] relations between Pakistan and Russia have gradually strengthened." Prime Minister Boris Johnson has owed to hit Russia with a "massive" package of sanctions - designed to "hobble" Moscow's economy - following Mr Putin's "vast invasion" of Ukraine by land, sea and air. In a televised address to the nation, Mr Johnson said Russia had "unleashed war in our European continent" with a "hideous and barbaric venture".