On Monday, hosts Alex Jones and Harry Judd were on BBC's The One Show where they spoke with comedy legend Steve Coogan. Within minutes of Steve being introduced on the programme, Alex had let slip how the former McFly star was quite the fan of Alan Partridge, an iconic character co-written by the comedian. Unable to keep his composure, Harry gushed over the actor and remarked on just how well he knew the fictional Norwich DJ. Introducing Steve, the 44-year-old host began: “We are very pleased to be joined in the studio by an award-winning comedy genius, known for his parody of television presenters familiar with his character Alan Partridge. “He's also gained an Oscar nomination for his film Philomena. “Please welcome, Steve Coogan,” Alex beamed: “It's good to see you in the flesh.” READ MORE:Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell?  Steve quipped “I haven’t seen many people in the flesh over the last couple of years.” “I know, it’s nice to have you here and it's like Christmas has come very early for Harry Judd because he's a huge fan,” Alex revealed. A rosy-cheeked Harry followed with: “Yeah, this is slightly embarrassing.” Putting her co-host under the spotlight, she told Steve: “I’ll put it into context for you because he [Harry] said ‘If I was ever to do mastermind I could do it on Alan Partridge'.”   In jest, Steve remarked: “Yes. Well, that's very flattering, but you need to broaden your horizons a bit.” The drummer chuckled: “I’ve tried some of the online quizzes just in case that ever becomes reality. “Turns out I do pretty well,” he confessed to the comedian. The BBC host also said Harry’s knowledge of the character went even further and assumed he could answer the questions based on the sitcom instead of Steve himself.  She said: “Although when we were talking about your interview, he was like, ‘This is what he's gonna say’. “I mean, he's pretty much all over it." Harry chuckled: “Yeah, so there's no point in you being here actually, I can answer the questions for you. Turning to the musician, Steve confessed: “You probably could answer [the questions] better than me.  The 56-year-old joked: “I’m getting a bit scratchy in my old age.” While speaking about his 2022 tour Stratagem, the star explained how the live stage show promised to inform, educate and entertain in approximately equal measure. Funded by Alan Partridge, Stratagem sees Alan not just treading the boards but pounding them, atop stages graced by such luminaries as Michael Ball, Jack Whitehall and Welsh rockers the Stereophonics. He also joked about how his character's life centres around him "being cancelled" all the time due to his controversial remarks. The One Show has been airing on weekdays on BBC Two at 7pm 