Ukraine has said at least 137 people have died after Russia launched a full-scale invasion of it’s ex-Soviet neighbour on Thursday. The attack followed months of growing tensions between Russia and the West, with Moscow positioning more than 150,000 troops on the Ukrainian border. On Friday evening Nato’s Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg announced that it would be deploying more soldiers to eastern Europe. However, these reinforcements will not be sent to Ukraine. Speaking at a press conference, Mr Stoltenberg said: "The world will hold Russia and Belarus accountable for their actions. Russia as the aggressor, Belarus as the enabler. "We are deploying the Nato response force for the first time in a collective defence context.  READ MORE: Russian soldiers 'dropping their weapons and don't want to fight' “We speak about thousands of troops. We speak about air and maritime capabilities. "Several allies have already assigned troops and forces to the Nato response force. "We have the high readiness force, the Nato response force, and that is why we are deploying it. “To prevent any misunderstanding that we are not prepared to protect all allies.”  Mr Stoltenberg added that more than 100 fighter jets are now operating in 30 defence locations in Europe, accompanied by 120 plus ships and three strike carrier groups. The military deployments have been made possible by contributions from the US, Canada and European countries. Meanwhile, in a joint statement leaders of the 30 countries that make up Nato said "no one should be fooled by the Russian Government's barrage of lies”. The statement added: "President Putin’s decision to attack Ukraine is a terrible strategic mistake, for which Russia will pay a severe price, both economically and politically, for years to come.”  DON'T MISS: Russian armed forces hit by huge death toll as Putin dealt major blow [NEWS]Polish MEP bemoans that no-one in EU as strong as Boris against Putin [WATCH]Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error [INSIGHT] US President Joe Biden and Mr Zelensky held a 40-minute call on Friday, in which the two discussed sanctions and US defence aid to Ukraine. According to the White House, the two leaders spoke for 40 minutes. Following the meeting, Mr Zelensky tweeted that the two discussed "strengthening sanctions, concrete defense assistance and an anti-war coalition". The UK, US and a number of its allies have imposed sanctions against the Kremlin, but have refused to commit soldiers to aid Ukraine's cause.  As a non-member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (Nato), Ukraine is not guaranteed troop support from the alliance, with countries wary of stoking all out conflict across Europe. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has said western nations - and nearby Europe in particular - must go further and "act without delay". He said: "Europe has enough strength to stop this aggression. "The columns of tanks and the air strikes are very similar to what Europe saw a long time ago, during World War Two - something about which it said 'never again'. "But here it is, again. Now, in 2022. 75 years after World War Two ended." 