It's been almost two years since Disney+ first launched in the US, while this March will mark the second anniversary of the Disney+ UK release date. In that short time, the new kid on the block has built up an enviable catalogue of shows and films that Netflix and Prime Video will look green-eyed at. From The Simpsons, to the entire Star Wars saga and complete Marvel Cinematic Universe, as well as hit shows such as WandaVision, Dopesick, and The Mandalorian - there is plenty of incredible content to keep you busy for months with Disney+. And that's before you revisit the library of animated classics, National Geographic shows and award-winning films, as well as movies from Pixar. And all for less than the cost of buying a single copy of Toy Story or Sleeping Beauty on Blu-ray. If this still hasn't convinced you to fork out the £7.99 a month for Disney Plus (or £79.90 a year, which offers a 15 percent saving) you may be wondering if you can grab a free trial. When Disney+ first launched, a seven day free trial was available to anyone interested in trying out the service and seeing what the fuss was about. However, in the middle of 2020, this free trial vanished and hasn't been available since.  When asked about this at the time, Disney in a statement said: "We continue to test and evaluate different marketing, offers and promotions to grow Disney+. The service was set at an attractive price-to-value proposition that we believe delivers a compelling entertainment offering on its own." The news means Disney+ has followed in the footsteps of Netflix by scrapping its free trial offer, with Prime Video the only one of the three main players that has a try before you buy promo which lasts for 30 days. Netflix does make a number of first episodes of its exclusive boxsets available to watch for free, with users encouraged to subscribe to watch the rest of the season. In light of this, are there any options for anyone looking to watch Disney+ for free, or get a low-priced membership? Good news, the answer is "yes". READ MOREBest VPN For Streaming  When asked about this at the time, Disney in a statement said: "We continue to test and evaluate different marketing, offers and promotions to grow Disney+. The service was set at an attractive price-to-value proposition that we believe delivers a compelling entertainment offering on its own." The news means Disney+ has followed in the footsteps of Netflix by scrapping its free trial offer, with Prime Video the only one of the three main players that has a try before you buy promo which lasts for 30 days. Netflix does make a number of first episodes of its exclusive boxsets available to watch for free, with users encouraged to subscribe to watch the rest of the season. In light of this, are there any options for anyone looking to watch Disney+ for free, or get a low-priced membership? Good news, the answer is "yes". READ MOREBest VPN For Streaming  One option is Disney+ free access is available at O2, who offer six months free access of Disney Plus with a number of O2 plans. So if you're thinking of upgrading your mobile phone at the moment, and are looking for a way to get Disney+ for free, then this could be the perfect deal for you. Alternatively, if you're happy bidding your time and waiting you could hold out 'til Disney+ Day this year. For the 2021 edition of Disney+ Day (which celebrates the anniversary of the launch of the Netflix rival), the streaming giant slashed the price of one month's access from £7.99 to just £1.99. That's a whopping 75 percent saving, and a small price to pay to access the wealth of unmissable content available with Disney+. Unfortunately, there's no way of knowing if this offer will return this year, and you'll have to wait a long time to find out - as Disney+ Day falls in November. The other option, as we already mentioned, is if you want to save on your Disney+ membership you can choose to pay for a year's worth of access in one go. If you pay by the month, Disney+ is priced at £7.99, meaning you'll pay £95.88 in total for a year's access. But if you opt to pay for 12 months all in one go you'll instead be charged £79.90, which is a £15.98 saving. This deal essentially means you'll pay £6.66 per month for Disney+, which is a bargain price to pay.  In the space of a few short years Disney+ has built-up an enviable library of exclusive shows, including hits like The Mandalorian, WandaVision and last year's Christmas treat Hawkeye. And as the streaming wars hots up between Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video the Disney-owned service isn't resting on its laurels, with much more exciting content planned for release. If you're wondering what's on the horizon then here are some of the upcoming Disney Plus 2022 releases...  - West Side Story - March 2 - The Dropout - March 3 - Fresh - March 4 - Turning Red - March 11 - Parallels - March 23 - Grey's Anatomy (series 17) - March 16 - Nightmare Alley - March 16 - Cheaper by the Dozen - March 18 - The Eyes of Tammy Faye - March 23 - The Ace Adventures of Buck Wild - March 25 - Moon Knight - March 30