A Ukrainian Phone-in caller, Roman discussed what Ukrainians had been doing to try and protect themselves from a possible conflict with Russia, with LBC host Eddie Mair. Russian President. Vladimir Putin has been drawing in global criticisms for declaring to Ukrainian states, Luhansk and Donetsk as Russian states. Many Political leaders have claimed this move as an invasion. Caller Roman explained how his mother in law was saving money for a rifle, in case of an all-out war happening in Ukraine. Caller Roman claimed that Ukrainians were prepared to defend their homes from an attack. Caller Roman said: "If your country is being invaded, then people are preparing to fight, to defend their street, their house, their city. "My mother in law says she's saving money to buy a rifle." Mr Mair said: "Well you're laughing but that sounds like... Is that the reality, is that really what she's going to do?" Caller Roman added: "I don't know, it's hard to say, today your not panicked because you think Putin is not going to do much. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Frost rages at EU negotiators for obsessing over red tape as war looms Caller Roman added: "But is he going to start carpet bombing cities then people will panic. "And you know, it's not going to be a laughing matter at all." Mr Mair said: "It's a worrying time for you?" Caller Roman said: "Yeah it is, I think it is for everyone, but we're kind of used to the idea that we're going to have it. "There is one victory, Ukraine loses or Russia loses there is no other outcome, but if Ukraine loses then Ukraine will cease to exist." READ MORE: Gold prices slump: Yellow metal strength 'short-lived' as prices expected to drop  Oleksandra Matviichuk, head of the Centre for Civil Liberties think tank, insisted Ukrainians are ready to fight back against a Russian invasion. Exclusively speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Matviichuk said: "This is a rather weird situation. "According to the latest polls, 60 percent of Ukrainian people are ready to resist Russian armed invasion. This number is constantly growing. Global political leaders have warned President Putin that they will impose strict sanctions on Russia if an invitation takes place on Ukrainian soil. British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "This first wave of sanctions will hit oligarchs and banks close to the Kremlin. It sends a clear message that the UK will use our economic heft to inflict pain on Russia and degrade their strategic interests. "And we are prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of high tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. "These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard." 