The US National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) has sent a stark warning that Government and commercial satellites may be at risk of a Russian attack. It comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin sent tanks rolling into Ukraine’s capital after bombing 33 civilian sites in just 24 hours. Russia has reportedly lost 450 personnel in the conflict, according to UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. But Putin may be poised to take the conflict to the next level. NRO Director Christopher Scolese said on Wednesday: “I think we're seeing pretty clearly that Russia is committed to doing what they want to do in Ukraine, and they want to win. "So I think it's fair to assume that, to the extent that they can, and to the extent that they feel it won't extend the conflict out of their control, that they will extend it into space.” While Mr Scolese did not make clear how Russia would specifically target the satellites, he warned Russia has used tactics like GPS jamming in the past. He said: "I would tell everybody that the important thing is to go off and ensure that your systems are secure and that you're watching them very closely, because we know that the Russians are effective cyber actors. "And, again, it's hard to say how far their reach is going to go in order to achieve their objectives. But it's better to be prepared than surprised." It has been a concern of the US military for a number of years that Russia and China may try to jam US GPS and communications satellites during military escalation. Jamming GPS through electronic attacks could be expected to cause chaos to Russia’s adversaries, which could limit response from enemy aircraft, ships, land vehicles and ground troops. This comes as US President Joe Biden declared that he would help to defend “every inch” of NATO territory. But Mr Biden has said that he will not send American troops into combat in Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated He has instead deployed 7,000 troops to Germany. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has been outraged by the US response so far, stating Ukraine has been “left alone” to defend itself. Mr Zelenskyy said: “We have been left alone to defend our state. Who is ready to fight alongside us? I don’t see anyone. Who is ready to give Ukraine a guarantee of NATO membership? Everyone is afraid.” The Ukrainian President added that 137 Ukrainians have already been killed in the conflict. Its army is now desperate to sign up new recruits as Russia unleashes havoc in the country. DON'T MISS Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war [REPORT] Putin boasts of ‘unparalleled’ hypersonic missiles ready to launch [REVEAL] Scholz' decision to block Nord Stream 2 backfires on Germany [INSIGH] Ukraine's Defence Force wrote in a tweet: "Today, Ukraine needs everything. All procedures for joining are simplified. "Bring only your passport and identification number. "There are no age restrictions." Now, Russian tanks have reportedly been rolling in to Ukraine’s capital, Kiev. The Defence Ministry urged “peaceful residents” to be careful, adding that they should “not leave the house".