Barcelona had a frantic winter transfer window by signing the likes of Adama Traore, Ferran Torres and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the hope of boosting their Champions League qualification hopes. And plans are already being drawn up for the upcoming summer transfer window, with reports suggesting they are monitoring Liverpool and Manchester United target Ryan Gravenberch.  Barcelona languished in ninth place in the La Liga table after their 3-3 draw away at Celta Vigo in early November, which prompted the dismissal of Ronald Koeman from the Nou Camp. They brought in club legend Xavi Hernandez to replace him, with the former midfield magician demanding that signings needed to be made in the winter to have any hope of qualifying for the Champions League next season. And since his arrival, the Spaniard has overseen just one loss in 12 La Liga games, taking 25 points from a possible 36 in the process. With the top four looking more attainable than ever, club chiefs have started drawing up transfer plans for the summer.  And that may give Liverpool and United a reason to panic after Mundo Deportivo claimed they were keeping Gravenberch on their radar. The report states that due to the prodigy having just fourteen months left on his deal, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich amongst others retain an interest in his services. However, even though sacked boss Koeman was the one to notify Barcelona chiefs that Gravenberch should be shortlisted, Xavi has continued the club's interest in the Dutchman since he took over in November. A deal could be looked at in the summer, meaning Liverpool and United will have to go back to the drawing board if a move taking the teenager to Catalonia comes to fruition. United have been in the market for a central midfielder for the last six months, with West Ham star Declan Rice also being touted with a move to Old Trafford. Gravenberch told the press that he would not leave Ajax if the deal did not suit the club he has been at since the age of eight. "I don't know if I'll leave this summer," Gravenberch admitted. "What I'm sure of is that I won't leave Ajax if they don't receive anything in return.  "Ajax has always treated me well and I owe a lot to this club." Liverpool face Leeds United on Wednesday evening in a bid to go within just three points of league leaders Manchester City. Meanwhile, United face Atletico Madrid in a crunch Champions League knockout tie. 