Season three of the Netflix show Virgin River answered many fans' questions but left them on the edge of their seats as the season concluded. Hope McCrea (played by Annette O'Toole) was caught in a tornado in Florida, Paige Lassiter (Lexa Doig) is on the run after the accidental murder of her abusive husband, and Lilly (Lynda Boyd) sadly died of cancer and left her newborn with her eldest daughter. You have to see it to believe as viewers wonder how much drama can occur in such a small town. Stacey Farber plays Tara in the show and is the beloved eldest daughter of Lilly. After Lilly fell victim to pancreatic cancer, Tara was left to look after the farm and her younger sister in the wake of her mother's death. With not much known about the upcoming seasons, Stacey has revealed that she was "nervous" to film season three. Read More:Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute to colleague Having to tackle such a powerful storyline, the star revealed: "It was really hard actually... I was really nervous about it." Talking on the Hallmarkies Podcast, she added: "Especially those later episodes, I read the scripts, and I remember my mom was in town visiting me in Vancouver, and I was super stressed and didn't think I'd be able to pull it off. "It's very dramatic; it's probably the most intense thing I have had to perform." Speaking candidly to the host, she opened up on having "performance anxiety" at first with the role. She continued: "I never knew if I could do it, like if the tears would come, you know? It's performance anxiety. "But on the day, I had a great director, and they kept the set very quiet and very comfortable for me, and I was lucky in that it just clicked, and the feelings came, and I gave it my all." The show brings back Mel's late husband from time to time in flashback scenes, and Lynda told Radio Times: "When I did have that chat that day with those producers, they said that the plan was to bring me back in flashbacks – like Mel's husband, her dead husband." Stacey has recently swapped her farmyard persona for a Kryptonian powered villain in Superman and Lois. DON’T MISS…'My rock' Phillip Schofield details changes to family life in rare TV chat with wife Steph [LATEST]GMB fans 'switch off' after Madeley clashes with guest in fiery 'mum and dad' teacher row [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of favour with fans [LATEST] For many, Virgin River provides a sense of comfort as onlookers want nothing by the best for the newly relocated nurse practitioner Melinda "Mel" Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge), who swapped the bustle of LA for the remote northern California location. Mel also dropped a bombshell on Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) at the end of season three as she told her boyfriend that she was pregnant. The show is inspired by and based on the book series of the same name penned by Robyn Carr, and with 25 books to pull material from, the show could have a long life ahead of it. At the beginning of December 2021, the show's official social media channels released a short video of the cast clapping as they wrapped season four with the caption: "Hope and the ladies…. It's a wrap for all on S4!! #virginriver #virginriverseries #virginrivernetflix #netflix #virginriverseriesnetflix."  @timbercutter1989 was delighted with the news: "Love the show. Binge-watching Seasons 1-3. Mel and Jack are a modern-day Jamie and Claire from Outlander." (sic) "When will it be released? Love this show! Renewing Netflix just to watch Virgin River!" @2paintbypen added. @rositamarie0423 said: "Love this, can't wait to watch season four, love the show." Although season four has wrapped filming, an official release date is yet to be set. Virgin River seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix. 