Yellowstone 1883 has been airing on Paramount Plus and the prequel series saw Elsa Dutton (played by Isabel May) fighting for her life. She had been shot with an arrow whilst trying to warn the rest of the group of danger. Fans are keen to find out more about the actress who plays the Dutton daughter in the TV series, including her age. Taylor Sheridan's Yellowstone prequel continues to be a huge hit with fans and the perilous journey is getting even more intense. With the first generation Duttons desperate to start a more prosperous life for themselves, they will risk everything to get there. Sadly Elsa Dutton suffered during their plight when she was hit by an arrow, which caused an infection. The fan-favourite character may be killed off before the series comes to an end. Isabel May, who plays Elsa, is an American actress who has previously starred in Alexa and Katie on Netflix. READ MORE: Y 1883 Ennis’ star drops huge clue towards secret twin theory She also had a recurring role as Veronica Duncan in Young Sheldon. The California-born actress is 21 years old and celebrates her birthday on November 21. She was inspired by her sixth grade English teacher to express her creativity. May spent three years auditioning for roles with no success. In 2018 she landed the role of Katie Cooper in Alexa and Katie, having had no acting experience or training. In the same year, she joined the cast of the Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon. Her film roles include Let's Scare Julie and Run Hide Fight. Since starring in Yellowstone 1883, she has taken on a new project called I Want You Back. She revealed to The Hollywood Reporter how she was the only person to audition for Elsa. May said: "Taylor was doing another project called Mayor of Kingstown, and in March 2021, something like that, he flew three girls out to Texas, including myself. DON'T MISS... Does Elsa Dutton die in Yellowstone 1883? [INSIGHT] Y 1883 fans devastated after ‘emotionally gutting’ episode seals death [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone 1883 family tree: Who are James and Elsa Dutton to John? [EXPLAINER] "So I auditioned for that, and I was terribly wrong for it. “I don’t know what happened or what it was about myself or our interaction that sparked something in him, but Elsa came to life after our meeting. "He called two weeks later and said, ‘You’re Elsa Dutton. I want you to be Elsa Dutton. Please be Elsa Dutton.’ "And I said, ‘Well, of course, I’ll be Elsa Dutton because you’re Taylor Sheridan and it’s my dream to work with you.'” The actress revealed she had bronchitis during the last week of shooting. Thankfully, as the narrator of the series, she did not record her final voiceover clips with the condition. Fans will be waiting to see whether Elsa survives another episode as the first season is now drawing to a close. The actress is on Instagram but she has only shared five posts and has not given much away about her personal life. She shared some behind the scenes shots from her time on Alexa and Katie, paying tribute to the cast and crew.  Yellowstone 1883 airs on Sundays on Paramount+