Susanna Reid, 51, last night attended the Royal Television Society’s Television Journalism Awards 2022. The Good Morning Britain star looked phenomenal at the glitzy ceremony, which she attended with her co-stars Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard. The TV star stunned fans as she shared pictures of her all-white outfit in view of her 597,000 Instagram followers. One of the snaps showed her face from up close, showing off the smokey eye makeup that she paired with a berry lip. The image also gave fans a closer look at her shiny curtain earrings and sophisticated hair updo. A second photo showed the broadcaster posing for the camera as she grinned broadly. Susanna posed with her hands on her hips as she placed one leg in front of the other. She complemented her white panelled dress with rhinestone-encrusted stilettos. Susanna captioned the snaps: “At the #RTS Journalism Awards. “Dress @isabellkristensenofficial Hair & M/up @makeupmel” Later in the night, Susanna shared a gleeful selfie with Kate, who she branded her “winner”. Kate had recently debuted her documentary Caring For Derek on her husband’s recovery journey from Covid-19. The caption read: “Big week for our @kategarraway with the broadcast of her incredible documentary #CaringForDerek. “Always smiling, always full of love and always my winner #RTSAwards” DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Suits co-star admits she mocked after seeing him naked [LATEST]Louise Minchin congratulates former BBC co-star on decision to quit [UPDATE]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war [INSIGHT] Susanna’s social media updates sent her fans into a frenzy as they heaped praise on her and her co-star in the posts’ comments section. Stephenwilliams4144 said: “Holy moly guacamole this girl is on [fire emoji]” Karl.mahony added: “Wow stunning lady.” Katsitter18 penned: “Lovely photo, the TV sisterhood is strong. “Glad KG's had a night off..great night for GMB & ITV News.. “Just watching the show now (Thurs morning) & it looks as though there'll be a lot of news in coming weeks.. it's in safe hands.” Whatsmamacooking wrote: “Just watched it and cried for what they are going through. “Praying for Dereks recovery and strength for Kate and family going forward. Inspirational!” (sic)