Dr Gavin Bailey, sustainable transport lead at Eunomia Research and Consulting warns there were “many forms” a new pay per mile road pricing scheme could take. He warned the system could simply work by calculating overall distances at what time drivers were on the road. However, he warned charging drivers by weight was the best option from an environmental perspective. He warned weight “acts as a proxy for energy use” meaning it could be the fairest way to issue fees to drivers. Speaking to Fleet News, he said: “There are many forms that such a scheme could take, from simply charging road users by overall distance travelled to ‘dynamic’ road pricing, taking account of the location and time of day. "However, from an environmental perspective, we would also suggest differentiating the charge by vehicle weight, as this acts as a proxy for energy use." READ MORE: New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days The Transport Select Committee has warned “vehicle type” could be factored into the equation under a new road pricing scheme. However, they have not yet claimed vehicle’s weight should be calculated as part of the charges. City-wide Clean Air Zones typically charge more for Heavy Goods Vehicles (HGVs). Birmingham’s Clean Air Zone charges cars, taxis and light goods vehicles just £8 per day. DON'T MISSClassic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [INSIGHT]Residents may not be able to get exemptions ahead of car tax changes  [ANALYSIS]DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away [COMMENT] The Transport Select Committee report did suggest new technology has the potential to "move beyond” a simple charge for miles travelled.  However, larger models such as coaches, buses and HGVs will pay the higher £50 per day rate. Meanwhile, London’s ULEZ charges drivers just £12.50 to use the roads. In comparison, larger vehicles such as lorries and coaches are charged a massive £100 per day inside the zone. The Transport Select Committee report did suggest new technology has the potential to "move beyond” a simple charge for miles travelled. The report discussed a dynamic road pricing scheme that can determine fees based on the road being used and the time of day the car is being driven. Telematics technology will allow real-time data to be processed and transferred to a pricing mechanism. A new charge is being discussed over fears the Treasury could face a £35billion black hole as more drivers switch to electric cars. This is solely down to the loss of traditional vehicle excise duty and fuel duty charges as more drivers switch. They report warns motoring taxes could be reduced to zero over the next 20 years without any changes. The Committee has told the Government to look into alternatives to tense taxes with a telematics road pricing scheme considered the only viable option. The Department for Transport has previously hinted at the launch of a new system, suggesting motoring taxes would need to “keep pace” with changes on the road.