In January 2022, Royal Caribbean welcomed its latest and biggest cruise liner to its fleet of shops. The Wonder of the Seas is officially the world’s largest cruise ship, at 1,188 feet long and spanning 18 total decks. The ship is able to hold a total of 6,988 guests, with 2,300 international crew members working onboard. Wonder of the Seas is due to make its US and Europe debut in March 2022, when the ship is planned to sail to the Caribbean from Fort Lauderdale, Florida before kicking off vacations in the Mediterranean from Barcelona and Rome in May 2022. The cruise ship offers a selection of staterooms, all of varying sizes and price points. Interior cabins include an interior cabin with or without a virtual balcony, a spacious interior cabin, a Promenade view or a Central Park view interior. Outside cabins include an Ocean view or an ultra-spacious Ocean View. Balcony cabins include a standard balcony room, with the option to connect to a second room, a Neighbourhood balcony, Ocean view with large balcony, ultra-spacious Ocean view with large balcony, a Central Park view with balcony, or a boardwalk view with balcony. Wonder of the Seas is also home to 10 suites. These include the ultimate family suite, an AquaTheatre suite with a balcony and two bedrooms, a spacious AquaTheatre suite with a balcony and two bedrooms, a junior suite, a grand suite, the Royal Loft Suite, Crown Loft Suite or the massive Owner's suite spanning 556 square foot. READ MORE: Spain holidays: Spain to ditch outdoor masks on Thursday The ship has eight themed areas, known as neighbourhoods, to explore. The newest of these is the "suite neighbourhood", a private enclave on decks 16, 17 and 18. Specifically reserved for suite passengers, deck 18 will offer them access to a private sundeck, and on deck 17, passengers can enjoy a private suite lounge. A Mediterranean-Californian inspired restaurant, the Coastal Kitchen, is Laos housed within the lounge. Moving to deck 15, guests can visit The Vue - a scenic bar adjacent to the shop's Solarium relaxation area. This cosy spot boasts impressive vistas of the surrounding ocean, as well as the ship itself. DON'T MISS'Toxic’ Cruise passenger moans about terrible passengers [REVEALED]Cruise guests complain about ‘trashy’ and ‘entitled’ fellow passenger [COMMENT]Jane McDonald gives valuable cruising tip on USA trip [INSIGHT] Deck 15 is also Royal Caribbean's pool deck, boasting a resort-like Beach Pool, waterslides and child-friendly Splashaway Bay. A tropical pool bar, The Lime and Coconut, offers cocktails and refreshments to break up a sunny day, alongside two additional swimming pools. At the stern, thrill-seekers can try their hand surfing on simulation FlowRider or speed down the "tallest slide at sea", plunge 10 storeys into darkness. The Adventure Playscape sits on deck 16, an underwater-themed outdoor play area for little ones complete with a climbing wall, slides and interactive murals. The ship also boasts a robotic bar dubbed the Bionic bar, an indoor ice skating rink, a 25-meter zip line, rock climbing walls, a classic carousel and the Royal Theatre. Fitness enthusiasts can get their exercise fix at a state-of-the-art full-scale gym, or relax and unwind at the Vitality Spa. There is also a vast array of bars, restaurants and casual eateries onboard. While some are complimentary, others are an additional extra. Bars and lounges onboard Deck 15 is also Royal Caribbean's pool deck, boasting a resort-like Beach Pool, waterslides and child-friendly Splashaway Bay. A tropical pool bar, The Lime and Coconut, offers cocktails and refreshments to break up a sunny day, alongside two additional swimming pools. At the stern, thrill-seekers can try their hand surfing on simulation FlowRider or speed down the "tallest slide at sea", plunge 10 storeys into darkness. The Adventure Playscape sits on deck 16, an underwater-themed outdoor play area for little ones complete with a climbing wall, slides and interactive murals. The ship also boasts a robotic bar dubbed the Bionic bar, an indoor ice skating rink, a 25-meter zip line, rock climbing walls, a classic carousel and the Royal Theatre. Fitness enthusiasts can get their exercise fix at a state-of-the-art full-scale gym, or relax and unwind at the Vitality Spa. There is also a vast array of bars, restaurants and casual eateries onboard. While some are complimentary, others are an additional extra.  Restaurants