Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s Government is facing a six-party opposition alliance in the April 3 elections and Hungary and Poland this month lost a court battle which means that billions of euros can be withheld from member states for not complying with the “rule of law”. Hungary’s stance on migration and LGBTQ rights have been widely condemned, with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte saying in June that the country has “no business being in the European Union any more”. Measures to ban the depiction or promotion of homosexuality to under-18s triggered protests in the world of sport last year, with Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton describing the move as “unacceptable, cowardly and misguiding”. Senior figures in the ruling Fidesz party are braced for more showdowns with the EU if they hold onto power – and they miss Britain’s presence at the top table. Judit Varga, the minister of justice, anticipates attempts to cut off EU funding in the wake of the European Court of Justice ruling. She said: “It is a political decision because the court approved that the ‘rule of law’ can be used as a tool for political blackmail. In the future those countries who don’t take the line in these ideological value debates – when it comes to social issues, migration issues, national identity issues – they will use this tool.” Ms Varga argues the coming elections are about the future not just of Hungary but “the whole continent” and says the “wrong lessons” were learned from the UK’s vote to leave the European Union. She claims the EU establishment is now striving for “more Europe” and that the Commission has sought to show that states that leave “will be punished”. Describing the significance of Brexit, she said: “It’s a strong message that they failed. The European Commission was not able to show for the British citizen that it is worth being members and they did not give up this ‘ever closer union’ – a concept which actually caused Brexit.” Despite the frustrations with the EU, Fidesz is intent on changing the bloc rather than quitting it. Balázs Orbán, the prime minister’s political director, says it is “crucial” that the EU opens its doors to Balkan states. Montenegro, Serbia, the Republic of North Macedonia and Albania have been accepted as “official candidates” by the EU and Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo are seen as “potential candidate countries”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Orbán is concerned by the potential for conflict in the region and argues the “only way to stop it is to open the gates of the European Union for these countries”. He is nostalgic for the “natural alliance” he says Hungary enjoyed with the UK within the EU. “Things are getting harder and harder," he said. "We have to find new alliances to counter different positions. “It was always easier with the Brits involved so we miss you.” This is a sentiment widely shared in conservative circles in Hungary. Government spokesman Zoltán Kovács speaks with pride of the “Hungarian model” for job creation and family and social policies, describing it as “a viable alternative to what you see in the western part of Europe”. Kovács is in no doubt why Britain headed for the exit door, saying “the behaviour, the attitude of European institutions towards a sovereign country like the UK, which is not a small country, was clearly offensive”. He added: “We miss Britain because common sense has also left the European Union since you have left.” Attila Demkó, a former senior figure in Hungary’s ministry of defence, argues that the EU is using “every little tool in the toolkit to make life harder for the UK” so others will see “how badly the Brits fared”. Suggesting that the EU could deliver a better response to the Ukraine crisis if the UK was still in the club, he said: “Britain was always a voice of reason within this motley crew of countries and Britain had the experience – Britain actually has a military and Britain has a great intelligence service... So we are missing you here, actually.”