Ashley Frawley told GB News how the emergency order by Justin Trudeau to clear out activists from Ottawa following three weeks of protests against vaccine mandates and restrictions were signs of "authoritarianism" and attempts to "exert control". It follows one of the largest operations undertaken by police in Canada which saw the arrest of 191 people and the seizing of 76 vehicles that had blockaded Ottawa as part of the Freedom Convoy truckers' protest. Discussing the crackdown, the Swansea University lecturer said: “Trudeau is a very good example of kindly power or kindly authoritarianism. “Where we give leaders a free pass to do all sorts of things, as long as they use the right buzzwords, promise to act on behalf of the vulnerable. "But actually this is just a therapeutic rehashing of a very old attempt to exert control.” She claimed how Mr Trudeau's actions in tackling the protesters replicated those of "dictators" who "big up a threat and they promise to keep you safe" with safety becoming "the new law and order". JUST IN Trudeau is dividing his country! Tory MP savages Canadian PM over Ottawa protests She went on: “Trudeau did everything he could to smear the protesters as white supremacists. "He just smeared them, bigged them up as this huge threat and then used that as a reason to come down hard and to take away freedoms." But in a damning analysis of Mr Trudeau, Ms Frawley claimed that while ”he is photogenic, he is kindly, but it is kindly power". She even went as far as to claim his actions are "a way of justifying taking away democracy, taking away civil rights". READ MORE 'Disgusting!' Trudeau slammed as Canadian police threaten to seize and kill truckers' pets But the sociologist asserted that the public fall for this and "give it a pass because it is nice" when it comes from a leader who says the right things. On Friday and Saturday hundreds of officers dispersed demonstrators who had blocked many of the city's roads for three weeks. Forces included officers from riots squads and mounted police regiments. The province of Ontario and the city of Ottawa, where the protests were concentrated, had already declared states of emergency, but the use of the Emergencies Act to step in and take control was a step further. DON'T MISSXi Jinping provides lifeline to Putin with 30-year gas deal [REVEAL] Russia's terrifying arsenal of nuclear weapons exposed [MAPPED] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT] The disruption began life as a “trucker” revolt associated with right-wing political views that has grown into a protest against all coronavirus laws and Mr Trudeau’s leadership. They called for the end to all coronavirus restrictions and mandatory vaccination against COVID-19. They zeroed in on a requirement in Canada that all cross-border truck drivers must be vaccinated, although official data shows around 90 percent of truck drivers are already fully vaccinated. They shut a border crossing between the US and Canada through the Ambassador Bridge, which is a major connecting route between the two countries.