Olaf Scholz announced the project will be halted immediately in response to Russia's President Vladimir Putin signing a decree recognising Donetsk and Luhansk as independent republics. Germany's Chancellor has been facing increasing pressure in recent weeks to pull the plug on the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline amid concerns of Europe growing more dependent on Russian gas at a time of great hostility. Putin's decision marked a substantial progression in tensions with Ukraine, which reported Russian troops entering Donetsk and Luhansk on Monday night.  Mr Scholz insisted Putin's later actions mean Germany can no longer proceed with the certification of Nord Stream 2. He said the German Government will now launch a review to assess how his country's energy supplies can be secured. Mr Scholz said at a news conference with his Irish counterpart: "We must reassess the situation, in particular regarding Nord Stream 2." The German Chancellor also insisted it is now a matter of reacting to Putin's “incomprehensible, incompatible” actions. JUST IN: Putin and Xi outsmart West as 'self-sufficient' deal means sanctions 'can't damage them'  He added: "In light of the most recent developments we must reassess the situation in particular regarding Nord Stream 2. Such actions must not remain without consequences." He said he had asked the economy ministry to take steps to make sure that certification could not take place at the moment. He said: "The appropriate departments of the economy ministry will make a new assessment of the security of our supply in light of what has changed in the last few days." READ MORE: Have Your Say: As Putin goads West with brazen attack - how should UK respond? Mr Scholz's decision was branded as "massive" due to the potential economic and energy consequences Nord Stream 2's end could result in. BBC Europe correspondent Nick Beake wrote on Twitter: "After Putin's history lesson yesterday, today a massive decision from #Germany on future of energy supply in Europe & beyond. "New Chancellor @OlafScholz has just said the new #NordStream2 gas pipe will not be certified. "Says situation in #Ukraine has 'fundamentally changed'." DON'T MISS Boris threatens Russia with severe retaliation if Kiev attacked [BREAKING]PM's warning as Putin recognises Ukraine rebel regions [INSIGHT]What's going on in Putin's mind - no fear of sanctions or democracies [ANALYSIS] Ukrainian Ambassador to the EU Matti Maasikas said the Nord Stream 2 project ultimately "damaged" his country's relationship with the bloc. Mr Maasika said: "A rare personal remark, on the pipeline. It: "*damaged EU-Ukraine relations more than anything; "*was the main topic at my credentials ceremony, normally a solemn event; "*was the reason I was summoned by the host government, the only time in my career." He added: "I will not miss you, pipeline." New Statesman's Jeremy Cliffe wrote on Twitter: "Wow. Scholz has just announced that NordStream 2 will not be certified. "I didn't think he'd do it - but absolutely the right step and a sign that Putin's aggression is shifting even Germany's stance on Russia." And the FT's Guy Chazan added: "Scholz was always accused of wavering on Nord Stream 2. "But to give him credit, when push came to shove, he didn't flinch. And now a $10bn pipeline has been axed."