The 127-metre commercial vessel, intercepted by customs overnight, was transporting vehicles from Rouen, the capital of France's Normandy region, to the Russian city of Saint Petersburg, France says. Véronique Magnin, regional communication officer for the maritime prefecture, claimed the boat is "strongly suspected of being linked to Russian interests targeted by the sanctions". The ship was stopped off Honfleur, in Normandy, and diverted to Boulogne-sur-Mer (Pas-de-Calais), the maritime prefecture told AFP on Saturday. Ms Magnin added a customs patrol boat, supported by a gendarmerie patrol boat and a navy patrol boat, escorted the Ro-Ro Baltic Leader, a cargo that sails under the Russian flag. Hearings and investigations on board to confirm the links are currently being conducted It comes only a day after the EU, US, Canada and the UK announced a coordinated package of sanctions against President Vladimir Putin and his foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov. READ MORE: ‘Have the courage’ Germany challenged by furious Ukraine as it fails to back SWIFT ban The four countries, in a bid to show their support for Kyiv, moved to freeze the two leaders' foreign-held assets. As Mr Putin is unlikely to have identifiable personal wealth abroad, the move is viewed largely symbolic. However, it signals the world's biggest players are paying attention to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy's appeals for help. Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova brushed off the new measures, saying "neither Putin nor Lavrov have accounts in Britain or anywhere abroad", while Josep Borrell, the EU's foreign affairs chief, claimed: "I am not in the secrets of Mr Lavrov and Mr Putin’s wealth and it is not my duty. There are people who will take care of that." During a virtual appearance at the EU summit in Brussels, Mr Zelenskiy had told the bloc's leaders it may be the last time they would see him. With Russian troops encircling Kyiv on Thursday night, he urged them to step up their game to stop the Kremlin's attacks. He said: "Europe has enough strength to stop this aggression. You still can stop this aggression. You have to act swiftly. "We demand effective counteraction to the Russian Federation. Sanctions must be further strengthened." DON'T MISS'Putin's a DICTATOR!' Boris rages at Russia [ANALYSIS]London mum's heartbreak as son fears for dad trapped in Ukraine [REPORT]The fearsome woman who sends shivers down Putin's spine [INSIGHT] News of the seizure of the suspected Russian cargo ship in Channel waters come amid reports from the Ukrainian health ministry that 198 Ukrainians, including two children, had been killed since Moscow's invasion began, and more than 1,000 had been injured. After people in Kyiv spent a long night in bomb shelters and basements, they woke to dramatic images of a residential apartment block near the city's Zhuliany airport hit by a missile. Though no casualties or injuries were immediately reported, Mayor Vitali Klitschko urged Kyiv's residents to stay in shelters. "The enemy will attack from the air." As the Kremlin's attack — the biggest from one nation to another since World War Two — continues, the number of people trying to flee the country is rapidly growing. The United Nations warned Mr Putin's assault could trigger the world's largest refugee crisis, with Linda Thomas-Greenfield, the US ambassador to the UN saying the conflict could lead to "as many as five million more people displaced by Russia’s war of choice". She cautioned: "This is President Putin’s war of choice. "If he chooses to escalate further, Russia and Russia alone will bear full responsibility for what is to come."