Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, gained a huge following after she began sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on TV and social media. The cleaning guru has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. This includes cleaning tips on how to remove limescale from bathroom taps. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove limescale from her bathroom tap. Niki Venus wrote: “Any ideas on how to get this tap sparkling? “I hate looking at it and the water marks never disappear.” More than 60 percent of the UK has hard water, so most households are prone to lots of hard water deposits and limescale in their bathrooms. READ MORE: The six surfaces to never clean with bleach - what to use instead Britons’ metal taps are probably covered in white hard water deposits right now, but they might not have realised because they never see the head of their faucets where the water comes out. This hard water deposit on sinks is not only unsightly but can clog a tap and impair its function. Luckily, the post was inundated with comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts ready to share their top cleaning tips. The most common solution suggested was to use white vinegar to remove the limescale marks. DON'T MISS:How to clean patio slabs - three household items for a sparkling patio [INSIGHT]Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ [EXPERT]Monty Don: TV gardener's furious attack on Tories amid green space row [COMMENT] Siobhan Corcoran-Smith said: “Soak a kitchen towel in white vinegar and place all over it and leave it for a few minutes.” Lynsey Hill commented: “Try using white vinegar, you’ll find that it makes the limescale marks disappear.” Lesley Kelly wrote: “White vinegar, it’s the best way.” Elizabeth Jade explained: “I have the same taps with the same problem and the only thing that worked was using white vinegar.” Emma Louise suggested: “Soak tissue or cotton pads in white vinegar and cover the marks with it for a few hours. “The acid in the vinegar breaks down the limescale and you can wrap the tissue around the tap.” Not only is white vinegar an eco-friendly alternative to harsher cleaning products, it also is a great money-saving alternative. Britons can buy white vinegar for as little as 29p from Asda and any other local supermarkets. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using Vikal to remove the limescale marks. Chloe Jones said: “I always use Vikal on any areas that I have limescale, it’s amazing.” Tracey Foster commented: “Vikal works great for removing stubborn limescale.” Elaine Foster added: “I have these taps too, absolutely hate them! However, using Vikal makes the limescale so easy to remove.”