  This Morning’s Martin Lewis has confessed that his wife is “way tighter” than he is. The ITV finance expert is married to presenter Lara Lewington, who works for the BBC.      Martin, 49, is best known for his money saving advice, but the businessman has admitted that his wife Lara, 42, is a lot more frugal than he is. While many might know Martin from This Morning, Lara also works in TV as co-presenter for the BBC’s technology show Click. Martin has teased that he sometimes has to tell Lara to tip, as she is apparently a lot more concerned about saving money than he is. The financial expert is best known for providing consumer advice on saving money, often appearing on This Morning to provide important insights to the general public. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement     Martin also famously founded the website MoneySavingExpert, which helped to make him hugely successful. The ITV star has been married to wife Lara for more than a decade, and recently spoke about her during a discussion with Nihal Arthanayake, 50, on his BBC Radio 5 Live show. On the programme, which aired earlier this week, Nihal asked listeners to get in touch to share how they manage their finances as part of a couple. During this discussion, one listener told Martin and Nihal that she and her partner were “quite similar” when it came to finance.      In response, Martin opened up about his own marriage to Lara, admitting that she was “tighter” out of the two of them. He explained: “I've said it before and I shall say it again… “She's actually out of the country filming so I'm definitely safe to say it at the moment. “My wife is way tighter than I am,” he confessed cheekily. READ MORE... Piers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response [LATEST] Loose Women co-star Jane Moore addresses cause of Jamal's death [NEWS] John Cleese weighs in on Trump 'admiring' Putin as he issues warning [NEWS]      He continued: “You have to unclasp her fingers to get you know a quid out. “I'm like, 'you could leave them a tip you know.'” Lara has been filming in Sweden this week for her tech programme Click, which is perhaps why Martin was feeling so bold. The pair married on May 31 in 2009 and Lara gave birth to their daughter Sapphire Susan Lewis in November 2012.      Martin read Government and Law at the London School of Economics and went on to do a postgraduate course in Broadcast Journalism at Cardiff University's Centre for Journalism Studies. He later became a Governor of the London School of Economics in 2008 and was also given an honorary doctorate in Business Administration from the University of Chester in 2013. Martin was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to consumer rights and to charitable services through the MSE Charity Fund and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to broadcasting and consumer rights. The finance pro was named the Best Personal Finance Broadcast Journalist by the ADVFN International Financial Awards in 2020.  