High cholesterol means there is too much cholesterol - a waxy substance needed to build healthy cells - in your blood. This can clog up your arteries, thereby hiking your risk of heart disease. The key is therefore to achieve a healthy ratio of cholesterol to stave off the risk of cardiovascular complications.  Diet can help you to achieve a healthy balance of cholesterol by reducing the amount of it in your blood. According to a comprehensive review published in the journal Nutrition & Food Science, drinking chamomile tea can help. "Studies included in this paper indicate that herbal infusions (1-3 cups tended to be drank daily; infusion rates up to 15 min) could benefit certain aspects of health," the researchers wrote. They cited a trial focussing on the markers of glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes. READ MORE: 'Very risky': Doctor's dire warning about stopping statins abruptly - the impact on body If you have type 2 diabetes, you might have high cholesterol levels, too. With type 2 diabetes, your body doesn't regulate or use glucose (sugar) the way it should. That can lead to dangerously high levels of glucose in your blood. High glucose levels can contribute to other health conditions, including high cholesterol. In the study cited in the review, after eight weeks of German chamomile tea consumption "thrice daily" (150 ml each time), type 2 diabetic participants had "significantly" reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels when compared with the hot water control group. Low-density lipoprotein, also known as LDL, is sometimes called “bad” cholesterol. DON'T MISSParacetamol side effects: Sign when going to the toilet [ADVICE]How often should I wash my hair? The four rules [TIPS]Barry Gibb health: 'It's killing me' - star recalls health problem [INSIGHT] It makes up most of your body's cholesterol. High levels of LDL cholesterol raise your risk for heart disease and stroke because it clings to your blood vessel walls. Researchers believe that catechins - a type of antioxidant found in tea - are responsible for its cholesterol-lowering effect. Antioxidants are thought to provide several heart-protecting benefits, including reducing LDL cholesterol. Pomegranate juice also contains antioxidants at higher levels than do many other fruit juices, and it contains nearly three times as many antioxidants as green tea or red wine does, notes the Mayo Clinic. "Small studies seem to suggest that drinking pomegranate juice might lower cholesterol, but overall the evidence is mixed," says the health body. "It's thought that pomegranate juice might block or slow the buildup of cholesterol in the arteries of people who are at higher risk of heart disease." However, "check the label to be sure that you're drinking pure pomegranate juice, and not a mixture of juices that contains added sugar", it advises. The NHS says: "Aim to do at least 150 minutes (2.5 hours) of exercise a week." Some good things to try when starting out include: "Try a few different exercises to find something you like doing. You're more likely to keep doing it if you enjoy it," adds the NHS.