Brian Cox is arguably best known for his turn as the tyrannical tycoon Logan Roy in HBO’s hit black comedy, Succession. Unfortunately, he let some of Logan’s signature vulgarity slip while he spoke to Loose Women Jane Moore and Janet Street-Porter on Wednesday’s edition of ITV’s daytime staple. Panellist Jane chastised Loose Women’s famous guest on Wednesday for swearing live on-air. After being asked about similarities between himself and his Succession character, Logan, he admitted they have similar views on modern society. “The one thing we share in common is a disappointment in the human experiment,” he explained. “We do believe that, I mean, you know, with the current crisis that we’re living in.” READ MORE: Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life Brian was unable to prevent himself from channelling Logan’s iconic foul mouth as he continued. He went on: “I can’t believe that we’re still in the same, excuse me, s**t, that we’ve been in time and time again. We repeat ourselves.” The Succession star apologised profusely as Jane cut him off with a loud clearing of her throat. “This is daytime television,” she warned him. “Apologies. Mr Cox is going to go wash his mouth out with soap.” “I’m sorry,” Brian laughed. “Well, at least I’m not saying the F-word!” Thankfully, ITV viewers clearly didn’t care about Brian’s slip-up, with many taking to Twitter to appreciate the humorous daytime gaffe. @idealpages tweeted: “Brian Cox is a legend and I just wish he signed off his segment Logan Roy style… ‘f**k off!’ But I’ll settle for s**t.” UFO said: “What a legend Brian Cox is - I could have listened to him for the entire show. I must read his book.” DON'T MISS:The Blacklist’s James Spader confirms season 10 return [LATEST]A Discovery of Witches star’s son helped develop character [INSIGHT]Dan Walker ‘blindsides’ Truss with Russian donor pic [DEBATE] And Steve Green sarcastically joked: “@loosewomen Oh no I'm scarred for life after that Brian Cox just said the S-word, i wonder how much I can sue for.” (sic) Fellow panellist Janet then asked Brian if he swore as much as his iconic TV character. He admitted: “I do now! I never used to, but I do now. It’s totally infectious!” Succession has received high praise for its acerbic yet incredibly obscene scripts, so it's no surprise the frequent vulgarity has rubbed off on the cast. Brian and his co-stars will soon be preparing to start work on season four, which was confirmed shortly after the latest outing premiered on HBO in October. Meanwhile, he’ll be heading up a new thriller with Jodie Turner-Smith and John Cena, The Independent, set to be released later this year. He has also been promoting his new book, Putting the Rabbit in the Hat, which details his early upbringing in Scotland and spills some of his true thoughts about some Hollywood legends. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV. Succession seasons 1-3 are available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and NOW in the UK.