Danny Morgan, Smart Home Charge’s Editor has warned the cost of buying and running an electric car is “increasing” which risks turning people away. His comments come after several incentives for electric car owners were scrapped. The plug-in-grant, offering free money to drivers hoping to switch to an electric car or hybrid, was recently cut. Benefit-in-kind rates for electric cars under a salary sacrifice scheme will rise to two percent this April. However, the costs for 2025 and beyond have not been set, suggesting costs could rise. A new report from the Transport Select Committee has warned electric cars may also be included in a new pay power mile road pricing scheme. READ MORE: Private car ownership under threat as pay-as-you-go is ‘the future’ Mr Morgan has urged the Government to “plan any changes well in advance” to ensure drivers are aware of future costs, Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The Office for Zero-Emission Vehicles (OZEV) has already slashed the value of the Plug-In Car Grant down to £1,500 while the OZEV Grant for home charger installation is also ending for homeowners. “Combined with rising home electricity prices, the cost of buying and running an EV is already increasing. “We know our home charge point installation customers have put a lot of time and research into the costs of EVs. DON'T MISSCouncil calls for petrol and diesel price rise to discourage car use [INSIGHT]Moving away from private car ownership must be a ‘balance’ [COMMENT]Groups call on parking restrictions to 'discourage' car ownership [ANALYSIS] “So we would urge the Government to plan any changes well in advance so potential new EV owners understand the future running costs of these vehicles. “EV ownership should be an enjoyable experience, not one that keeps owners up at night, thinking that the total cost of ownership keeps going up. “For many UK motorists, they need to plan these expenses in advance.” However, many motoring experts have warned of the need to keep incentives in place due to the heavy upfront costs of new EVs. Thomas Maerz, Chief Development Officer for Rivus Fleet Solutions has previously warned axing subsidies would be a “negative step”. He said cutting the grant has “come as a shock “ to many customers who will feel the sting. He said: “Many believe subsidy schemes such as these are needed right now to aid the transition to electric vehicles (EVs). “However, at Rivus we believe that EV adoption will still be widespread by the end of this decade. “Our insight tells us that fleet operators already feel the upfront cost of electric vehicles is too high, so reducing grants at this time will be seen as a negative step.” Adrian Keen, CEO of InstaVolt told Express.co.uk incentives “will continue to play a crucial part” in encouraging drivers to switch. He called for the plug-in-grat to “remain” while he also praised the “significant tax benefits” of electric models. Electric cars have exploded in popularity in recent years as interest in petrol and diesel vehicles drop off. A massive 14,433 fully-electric cars were sold in January 2022, 130 percent higher than sales of the models in January 2021. Meanwhile, just 6,000 diesel models were sold in January in a massive 45 percent drop compared to 12 months ago.