After controversy over its vaccination requirements targeting teenagers, Spain has today issued a major new update to its travel rules. From February 14 2022, UK children and teenagers aged between 12 and 17 will be able to present a negative COVID-19 test if they are not yet fully vaccinated. Previously, Spain had required this age group to show proof of having received a full course of vaccination. This sparked an outcry from British holidaymakers with teenage children, many of whom had not yet had the chance to receive both of their jabs. Following the rule change, Spain’s Minister for Trade, Industry and Tourism, Reyes Maroto, said: “As one of the world’s favourite tourism destinations, we are committed to making travel to Spain a safe and easy experience for our visitors, especially for families travelling with children. "We hope that with these changes, many families will choose Spain to enjoy safe and memorable holidays together.” READ MORE: Cornwall tourists hit by huge price hike In a press release, the Spanish tourism board said: "Due to the evolution of COVID-19, Spain has updated its entry requirements. "From February 14 2022, UK children and teenagers aged between 12 and 17 (inclusive) can present a negative NAAT test (PCR or similar), taken within 72 hours of arrival to Spain, as an alternative to presenting a COVID certificate with proof of having been fully vaccinated." Children under the age of 12 are not required to show evidence of a Covid test or of having been vaccinated. Children of all ages must have an online Health Control Form filled out for them prior to arrival in the country. DON'T MISS'Kids are kings here': Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' [INTERVIEW]Spain holidays: British teenagers allowed to enter with negative test [REPORT]Travel: The 'most beautiful' landmarks in the world - top 10 list [INSIGHT] The Spanish tourism board states: "All other UK travellers, excluding children under 12, will need to present a COVID certificate showing proof of being fully vaccinated (with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a one-dose vaccine) administered at least 14 days prior to arrival in Spain. "If more than 270 days have passed since the last dose was administered, proof of a booster jab is also required."  All passengers must also fill out an Online Health Control form, from which a QR code will be generated. This QR code must be shown to border officials in Spain. According to the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO): "If you do not complete this form electronically, you may submit it in paper format before boarding." It adds: "You may also be subject to additional checks at the point of entry including a temperature check, visual health assessment, or testing on arrival. Passengers may also be contacted and required to undertake a PCR, TMA or LAMP test at any point up to 48 hours after their arrival in Spain." Unvaccinated people are only able to travel to Spain if they have an "essential" reason as set out by the Spanish government. Those who are travelling for essential reasons must show either "documentation certifying that you have undertaken a COVID-19 nucleic acid amplification (NAAT) test (e.g. PCR, TMA, LAMP or NEAR) within 72 hours prior to arrival in Spain, or an antigen test taken within 24 hours of arrival, and tested negative." A medical certificate proving that you have recovered from COVID-19 in the six months prior to travel will also be accepted.