This parent went onto explain that while they didn’t want to profit from their 21-year-old son they did need to be careful with money as they were nearing retirement but still had a small mortgage and the cost of living was rocketing. His question seemed like a perfectly reasonable one to me but it sparked THE most vitriolic debate not just about how much this young man should pay but whether he should be paying anything at all. Because many thought he shouldn’t For me, it’s clear – of course, he should be paying his parents to help with their household bills. He’ll be eating and sleeping at home. Mum will be cooking his meals and doing his washing. He’ll be using heating, lighting, water the prices for which will be going up by 50percent in the next few days. When I was growing up it was a given that if you were working and lived at home you paid what we called “board and lodging.” My Dad made it clear when I got my first job that some of my wages would have to help in paying household expenses. I didn’t argue because it was normal where I came from. I lived in a small mining village just outside Newcastle and money for everyone was tight. But to listen to some of the people in this debate you’d think these parents were asking if it was okay to kill someone not ask their son to pay his way. “Your son didn’t ask to be born,” raged one parent. Another said “You took on the financial responsibility of looking after a child. That just doesn’t stop when they get to a pre-determined age. Well, yes, it should actually. It should stop when they become working adults. Where is it written that it’s a parent’s duty to financially prop up their kids for the rest of their lives? And these people have to ask themselves what kind of adult they are raising when at the first sign of a financial trouble they go running back to Mum and Dad. And paying your way when living in your parents’ home is about more than just paying rent, it’s about learning financial responsibility, it’s about knowing what things cost and learning how to budget. How the hell is the 21-year-old young man in the middle of this argument going to understand what buying a house and managing his own money is all about when he’s never had to? And if he doesn’t see that his elderly parents are worried about money and need to keep some back for their retirement then maybe he doesn’t deserve their help. It’s a parents’ job to prepare their kids for life in the outside world and that means teaching them to take responsibility for themselves both emotionally and financially. It permanently infantilises young people to allow them to believe that Mum and Dad will always bail them out if the going gets tough. In fact young people, if and when they start earning decent money, surely have a duty to help their parents out when they need it. I was desperate to do exactly after I left home and it was one of the greatest joys of my life to be able to make my Mum and dad’s lives easier after what they’d done for me. So maybe that’s how young people should be thinking – not about what their parents can do for them but what THEY can do for their parents once they’re in a position to!