The 2022 Russian Grand Prix is believed to be under threat as a result of escalating tensions with Ukraine. Formula One's governing bodies are supposedly monitoring the situation, with the Sochi Autodrom due, as it stands, to host the season's 17th race in September. Russia's military build-up around Ukrainian borders was made more concerning when president Vladimir Putin formally recognised the independence of Luhansk and Donetsk, two breakaway regions run by Moscow-backed separatists. It is currently unclear whether Russian troops have been sent to the two regions, but Western leaders have warned that a full-scale invasion is imminent. The United States have already imposed strict sanctions as a result and Prime Minister Boris Johnson has stated that the UK will follow suit. Amid Putin's promise that national security is 'non-negotiable', Russia's stance shows no sign of changing, and it could have ramifications for the F1 season. READ MORE: F1 fans call for Russian Grand Prix boycott as Ukraine war threat escalates Indeed, both Formula One and the FIA are supposedly monitoring the situation as tensions continue to escalate. However, Express Sport understands that the race is still scheduled for September, and F1 expect it to go ahead as planned. The Russian city of Sochi is around 400 miles from the Ukrainian border and has been part of the F1 calendar since 2014. "Formula 1 is monitoring the situation around Russia and Ukraine," said Sky Sports' Craig Slater. "At the moment, the race at Sochi will apparently go ahead, given that it’s not until September. That’s the situation at the moment."  F1 fans have also called for action via social media, amid concerns that going ahead with the Russian Grand Prix as planned would reflect badly on the sport. Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel have both been called on to voice their opposition if no action is taken, as two of the most influential voices within the sport. Wiping Sochi of the calendar for 2022 would mean no repeat of last year's drama, which saw Lando Norris' maiden F1 victory snatched away in the closing stages. A late period of rainfall called on the field to make a tough decision on tyres, and having capitalised on the conditions, Hamilton came through to take his 100th win in the sport, with title rival Max Verstappen second. "It's taken such a long time to get to 100 and I wasn't sure it was going to come," said the Mercedes star after the race. "The team made such a good call at the end. I didn't want to let Lando go. "I am incredibly grateful for all the men and women here and back in the factory. "It would have been tough to get past Lando unless he made a mistake. And then the rain came, and we were very opportunistic - the team did a great job. I am grateful for the result."