The monarch, 95, who has coronavirus, cancelled virtual audiences on Tuesday as she continued to suffer from mild cold-like symptoms. However, Buckingham Palace said she went ahead with her weekly call with Boris Johnson on Wednesday evening. A palace spokesman said: "Her Majesty did speak to the Prime Minister this evening." Royal watchers will take the Queen being well enough to speak to Mr Johnson as an encouraging sign. There will have been much to discuss during the call, with the Government dealing with the escalating crisis in Ukraine. The Prime Minister is also embroiled in the partygate saga. As head of state, the Queen is politically neutral and acts on the advice of her Government in political matters, but her knowledge of politics is immense. Throughout her reign, she has received weekly briefings from the prime minister of the day, and dozens of government documents pass across her desk every week for formal approval. Mr Johnson is the 14th prime minister of the Queen's long reign. The pair have held their weekly audiences - which follow Prime Minister's Questions in the Commons - by telephone for much of the pandemic. READ MORE: Harry royal nightmare to last until book bombshell dropped Buckingham Palace confirmed the head of state had tested positive for Covid on Sunday. The palace said the monarch would continue with light duties as she follows self-isolating guidelines. Concerns for the nation's longest-reigning sovereign have been heightened given her age and recent health scare. DON'T MISSQueen sparks royal fan frenzy as monarch teases exciting news [INSIGHT]Crown ‘should SKIP Charles’ and go straight to William and Kate [POLL]Queen's 'curtailed' physical activity has impact on monarch [ANALYSIS] The Queen has only just reached her historic Platinum Jubilee of 70 years on the throne. Celebrations are planned during a special four-day bank holiday weekend in June. The Queen also has a number of major engagements coming up next month. She is set to host the Diplomatic Reception on March 2, where she will meet hundreds of members of the Diplomatic Corps at Windsor. She is also due to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14 and then her beloved husband Prince Philip's memorial service, also at the Abbey, on March 29. The Queen is believed to be triple vaccinated but until recently had been on doctors' orders to rest since mid-October, after cancelling a series of engagements and spending a night in hospital undergoing preliminary tests. 