Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz has dismissed suggestions from George Russell and Toto Wolff that his team look very strong after pre-season testing. Both the Spaniard and teammate Charles Leclerc enjoyed a productive three days in Barcelona last week, as they found themselves at or near the top of the leaderboard throughout.  Mercedes were full of praise for the iconic Italian team for the performances throughout each testing session. Silver arrows team principal Toto Wolff told Auto, Motor und Sport: “We have the feeling that Ferrari has the strongest engine at the moment.” In reference to McLaren as well as Ferrari, Russell added: “Some teams are looking pretty fast – a red team and an orange team, in particular, look very competitive. “They seem to have things well under control and are on top of everything. They look very strong on low fuel and high fuel and with the tyre management. “Who knows? We all know we’re on different programmes but we definitely know from the average of all the different runs that we are behind them at the moment. JUST IN: Helmut Marko agrees with Mercedes ace George Russell as he talks up Red Bull title chances   “A world championship is not won in two days in Barcelona winter testing but it’s certainly been an intriguing two days.” Sainz however, remained tight-lipped regarding Ferrari’s recent results and and claimed the team still do not have a complete understanding of the car’s performance. "I can imagine why you guys are starting to take conclusions and maybe try to put a bit of a pecking order,” Sainz said. "But for us, really we have no clue, and I think no-one has no clue of which fuel loads [and] which engines modes is everyone running. "So we cannot confirm or deny that we are happy or sad, because we really don’t know where we are at all. DON'T MISS  "I think [in] Bahrain, maybe it will start to get a bit easier to start to guess where everyone is." He stressed improvements will continue to be made and is looking forward to the second round of testing in Bahrain from March 10-12. "Now it’s time to work a bit more on not only the mileage, but it’s also trying to improve the porpoising, and if the car is reliable with it, which if course is tricky to do," Sainz added. "We’ll keep working on it, and we’ll see if we can keep getting better."  On the other hand, his teammate Leclerc enjoyed driving his new Ferrari and had very positive things to say about the car. “I enjoyed it. It’s interesting to finally be able to push a bit more the car and understand how different a driving style we need to have,” the Monaco native said. “A positive day, we have done many laps and slowly we get to understand the car and push it a bit more. “In the high-speed [corners] it is feeling quite good. In the low speed, you feel a bit more the weight of the car, especially in braking and the last sector but overall the feeling is not too bad.” 