Former Strictly Come Dancing professional, James Jordan, 43, and head judge Shirley Ballas, 61, have got into a heated debate over the reaction of some Strictly stars to the crisis in Ukraine. James slated some of his Russian colleagues for not highlighting the horrors but continuing to “promote themselves” instead. The outspoken ballroom star took his frustrations to Twitter and called out his co-workers in view of his 306,000 followers. Angry James fumed: "I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine. “But are still promoting themselves on social media - very disappointed. They know who they are - not one post about it.” (sic) In a separate tweet, James continued: “If they are too scared to speak out against wrong then stay the f*** off social media for a while and stop with the self-promotion during this horrific time. READ MORE:Amanda Holden dazzles at star-studded 51st birthday bash “Have some respect. Or... maybe they are not speaking out because they are brainwashed too.” Shirley was not impressed with James’ statements and retaliated: “Dear James, not sure who you follow and who follows you. “Many dancers I know have retweeted in support of Ukraine and have felt shame at their own government. “Lots of help for their fellow dancers Lots have spoken out and retweeted.” (sic) James then sarcastically said that they were “clearly talking about different dancers” when Shirley continued: “It’s heartbreaking but in our Russian-Ukraine dance community the support has been overwhelming. "Sadness, tears, massive help and support. "I don’t know anyone who has not reached out from the very top dancers to the beginners. Xxx hugs.” (sic) The Dancing On Ice star then shared a screenshot of Shirley’s comments on Saturday in which she asked dancers to “show respect” to Ukraine by not promoting their other ventures. DON'T MISS‘Brought together for a reason’ Prince Harry pays tribute to Meghan[LATEST]Richard Madeley admits struggles over hosting GMB with Susanna Reid[INSIGHT]Fern Britton addresses ‘last chance saloon’ with ex-husband Phil[NEWS] James questioned the judge: “Why post this yesterday then? A similar sentiment to me.” His comments divided users with some praising James for highlighting their silence and others accusing him of being “unfair”. Charlie said: “I've unfollowed a few on Instagram due to this. All they have to do is share something, their story or a donation link for example, to show that they care. And they can't even do that.” Sheryl echoed: “They have a platform! There are people in Russia right now gathering in support of Ukraine unknowing that they could ACTUALLY be harmed, writing a statement online isn’t the same!! However, Ruth penned: “That’s unfair! They probably have family in Russia and their social media accounts could be watched.” And a user named Tracy hit back accusing James of being “ignorant” and “thoughtless”. She raged: “What an ignorant, thoughtless comment. They probably have family in Russia that could suffer the consequences of anything they say. Think before you type.”