Married at First Sight Australia was explosive last time around so when it was announced the reality show was making a comeback, fans couldn't have been more excited. Initially, season nine was just airing in Australia but has since begun in the UK on E4 so there is only a gap of a few weeks between the release dates and fewer spoilers have come out about the couples. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.Selina Chhaur and Cody Bromley tied the knot in the third episode of Married at First Sight Australia season nine. While the backdrop of their wedding was like a fairytale, it was more awkward than romantic for the pair. When Selina joked about them getting matching tattoos, he said they needed to scale it back to "first date level", seeing as they just met. He later said he was struggling with his attraction to her new bride. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Meena Jutla escapes prison with help from villager? She asked if this was because she was Asian, to which he replied: "Probably." Selina was left devastated by his response and told Australian WHO publication: "I asked him the question, that was actually really hard, and I guess I was a little naïve. "It came as a massive shock to me and it was really upsetting." But it isn't all bad for the couple as onscreen, they are starting to make more progress and even consummated their marriage. Selina told the show's producers: "We got back from the dinner party, Cody and I both realised we were in a really good place and comforted each other. We had sex." Filming for season nine of Married at First Sight Australia ended last year so the final commitment ceremonies have already taken place. But to ensure fans are left in the dark about the show's outcomes, none of the contestants have officially come out to state if they are still together or not. This includes Selina and Cody so it remains unclear if things worked out for them after the show. However, there are some clues that indicate that romance is in the air. DON'T MISS...Domenica and Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Are they together? [CAST]Married At First Sight Australia 2022 UK release date [RELEASE DATE]How to watch Married At First Sight Australia 2022 in the UK [EXPLAINER] Firstly, Selina and Cody are following each other on social media which not all of the couples have done up until recently when it was pointed out. Cody also follows her business account for Rogue & Regal Hair Salon which he probably wouldn't do if they weren't on good terms. Among a few other couples, they were seen attending the Married at First Sight Australia reunion together. According to the Daily Mail, they were also spotted in her hometown of Adelaide last month. Bookmakers SportsBet has released good odds for some of the couples making it to the Final Vows, one of which are Selina and Cody. Betting odds are typically a sign of a "leak" from someone close to the show. So this could be more proof that there may be a bright future ahead for Selina and Cody. Married at First Sight Australia airs every night on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.