Commenting on Russia’s Sputnik news, readers described Boris Johnson as an “idiot” and NATO a “terrorist organisation”. Another said Russian President Vladimir Putin’s latest move had “checkmated Ukraine and NATO”. Last night, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered Russian troops into two separatist regions of Ukraine, after earlier recognising their independence from Ukraine. Russia said it would be a “peacekeeping” mission, but is speculated to be a potential pretext for placing troops in Ukrainian territory. Western leaders have reacted today (Tuesday) by preparing sanctions on Russia. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss designated a package of sanctions targeting oligarchs “at the heart of Putin’s inner circle”, including the freezing of assets and travel bans. READ MORE: Putin dealt ‘huge blow’ as Russia tipped for devastating recession Ms Truss said the UK Government was “prepared to go much further if Russia does not pull back from the brink. “We will curtail the ability of the Russian state and Russian companies to raise funds in our markets, prohibit a range of high tech exports, and further isolate Russian banks from the global economy. “These will be surgically targeted sanctions that will hit Russia hard.” This evening, US President Joe Biden announced his own set of sanctions, after the foreign minister of Ukraine and the US defence secretary met at the Pentagon earlier today. In a press conference at the White House, he said sanctions had been introduced targeting various Russian banks including one which does defence deals. Sanctions are also being applied to Russia’s borrowing. Mr Biden told reporters: “We have cut off Russia's government from Western financing. It can no longer raise money from the West.” He added that Moscow would “pay an even steeper price if it continues its aggression”. DON'T MISS Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm [REPORT] Russia-Ukraine LIVE: 'Demilitarise or else' Putin unleashes troops [INSIGHT] Macron humiliated by Putin after 'pledging not to escalate' war threat [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, the EU today agreed new sanctions against Russia that will blacklist key figures and ban EU investors from trading in Russian state bonds. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz also said that he had halted certification of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline – which was built to send natural gas directly to Germany, circumventing Ukraine – something which Russia had been doggedly vying for. Responding to news of Britain’s intervention, readers of Sputnik news expressed their anger and ridicule. Samuel Amoah said: “Sanctions – the only strategy by the West. Pathetic!” Another said Ukraine could thank “your terrorist organisation NATO” for what was happening in the separatist regions currently – referencing the independence of Kosovo. Franz Mangubat commented: “Maybe that's the UK way, to grab and steal money from Russian businessmen”. And another said: “What's that going to do? Putin has just checkmated Ukraine and NATO by doing this. “Now any attack from the West will involve Russian defenders from the outset.”