Peonies offer vibrant yet delicate petals from May through to June, with some growing as large as 10 inches wide. Known for their impressive look, peonies are the perfect addition to your early summer garden, and the time to plant them has almost arrived. With more than 20 varieties of this fragrant bloom to choose from, there’s no better choice when it comes to choosing fresh bulbs. The new season is nearly upon us with brighter spring days already on the horizon. As the warmer weather and longer days arrive, now is the perfect time to begin planting delicate peonies. To enjoy these early blooms from the offset of summer, Gardeners’ World recommended planting peony bulbs from March through to April. The early spring climate offers the perfect growing conditions for peonies to be planted directly into the ground. If you miss out on spring planting, these stunning flowers can also be planted in October. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack for whitening shower tile grout Growing your own ruffled peonies is easy to do, but it is crucial that you know which variety you are planting. The most common types of peonies are tree peonies and herbaceous peonies. While both plants will provide a high yield of vibrant pink flowers, there is a key difference in how they should be planted. Tree peonies are characterised by their woody shrub-like structure and require a deeper planting depth, but herbaceous peonies are quite the opposite. To plant the woody-stemmed bulb of a tree peony, start by preparing your soil with plenty of organic matter. Choose a semi-shaded position with good shelter from strong winds and the early morning sunlight. Once your soil is ready, check the large bulb for a bulge where the woody stem is grafted to the rootstock. This will indicate how deep the bulb should be planted, and is usually around four to six inches deep. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading [INSIGHT]‘They will appreciate a bath!’ Expert shares how to care for plants [REVEAL]Inside Buckingham Palace Gardens that the Queen used for Girlguiding [ANALYSIS] Make a hole in the soil to the depth of your rootstock and carefully place the bulb in the ground. Cover the root and water well before leaving to grow. You should have just a few red stems shooting out above the soil if planted correctly. Always avoid shallow planting as this could affect the plant’s ability to grow the iconic round blooms which peonies are known and loved for. Once the peony flowers are done blooming in early summer, expect the woody stems to lose their leaves and return to a bare structure until the following spring. Unlike tree peonies, herbaceous varieties enjoy full sun with around six hours of exposure each day. These smaller bulbs should be planted up to the highest bud, which leaves around two inches of the bulb dug into the soil. Plant in a rich, fertile soil bed to nourish these heavy feeders as they grow. Avoid planting too deeply, or risk a bare peony plant during the summer. You should expect minimal growth in the first year after planting, with plenty of red shoots and just one or two small flowers. By the third year, herbaceous peonies should produce plenty of large ruffled blooms.