Romelu Lukaku may have apologised for his previous comments linking him with a return to Inter Milan, but Chelsea's record signing has reportedly reached out again to his former side, gesturing once more that his future may not be at Stamford Bridge. The Chelsea striker has endured a tough start to his second spell at Stamford Bridge, and his latest gesture has sparked rumours that he could head back to Inter. Lukaku was benched by Thomas Tuchel for Chelsea's 2-0 win against Lille in the first leg of their Champions League tie, after a poor performance against Crystal Palace in the Premier League. It's not the first time that Lukaku has been dropped though, as a controversial interview with Sky Italia led to an official apology from the striker, as he looked to repair his relationship with the Inter fans. And there may be good reason for that, as Lukaku is reportedly willing to do whatever it takes to move back to Milan. JUST IN: Barcelona ‘eyeing Chelsea misfit’ as Xavi waits on Azpilicueta verdict  Despite only signing for Chelsea this summer for a club-record £97.5million, La Gazzetta dello Sport claim that Lukaku is desperate to move back to Italy, and the striker is even willing to take a pay-cut to do so. It's unlikely that Chelsea will be willing to part with their record signing just yet, but Tuchel has admitted that he doesn’t know how to involve Lukaku more in his plans and the striker is reportedly unhappy. The report states that Lukaku dreams of returning to Inter and is ready to take a reduction in pay to force a move, as he understands that the club may struggle to finance the move. Lukaku was sold by Inter in the summer due to financial difficulties, but the Belgian is reportedly in contact with some of the club directors to try and improvise.   Lukaku would have to agree to a lower wage to play for the Serie A champions once more, something that he is willing to do, but a return is not currently in Inter's plans as they have lined up a different move this summer. Sassuolo star Gianluca Scamacca is reportedly their main target for this summer, but there is belief amongst Lukaku's camp that his gesture could change Inter's stance over time. Inter received £150m for both Lukaku and Achraf Hakimi this summer, and reinvested on cheaper options, as Eden Dzeko was brought in on a free transfer to replace the Belgian superstar. Despite Lukaku's gesture, it is likely that Chelsea's asking price would be too high for Inter, as the Belgian has only just started his five-year deal at Stamford Bridge.  With Lukaku very much in his prime at the age of 28, Chelsea aren't going to take too kindly to a potential reunion or a loan move, especially as their own homecoming for the Belgian hasn't gone to plan. A move back to the San Siro hasn't been helped by former strike partner Lautaro Martinez either, as Inter gave the Argentinian forward a new contract as Lukaku departed the San Siro. Lukaku may be trying to force through a move that is simply unrealistic, although his former Anderlecht coach Ariel Jacobs has revealed that things are getting "out of hand" at Chelsea. Jacobs told Het Nieuwsblad: "It has gone off the rails. The situation has got out of hand.  "Did I make the right choice? It is inevitable that Romelu asks himself that question these days. But on the other hand, he is mentally very strong."