 Electric vehicle prices have already fallen dramatically in the past few years with more than one in six new cars in 2021 being an EV, highlighting their popularity. It is expected that battery electric vehicle prices are expected to meet parity with petrol or diesel cars between 2025 and 2027, although some predict it could happen sooner.  Soon after they reach parity, EVs will be cheaper than internal combustion engine vehicles, with running costs often being cheaper too. According to New AutoMotive, pure electric and hybrid cars make up 40 percent of the new car market share as of January 2022. Petrol vehicles still maintain a 52 percent market share of new vehicles, but this is expected to continue to reduce as more drivers look to buy zero-emission vehicles. Many commercial fleets like taxis and company cars now use electric vehicles after the Government introduced tax breaks for EVs in 2019. READ MORE: DVLA urges drivers to pay VED with major car tax changes weeks away  It has been predicted that many fleets tend to sell those vehicles off after two or three years, so many used EVs may hit the market. While around two thirds of people in the UK have driveways allowing them to charge an EV at home, industry experts are calling for more investment into public charging infrastructure. Ian Johnston, the CEO of Osprey Charging, believes the UK Government needs to address a few issues to allow for the widespread growth of chargers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “I think what we’re seeing now is that there are examples of the right charging infrastructure in the right areas, we just need more of it. DON'T MISSDrivers warned fuel prices could hit 170p a litre - 'grim milestone' [SHOCKING]'Really disappointed' driver fined for using wrong parking details [WARNING]More than 1,000 car tax signs in Manchester to be changed after delays [INSIGHT]  “No one is going to say we think we’ve got enough today. “We’ve got to get more sites built ready for all these EVs landing, the thousands we’re registering on the first of March for example. “The private market is so hyper-competitive. We don’t need funding, we don't need regulation. “We just need the hurdles that are left, which is about opening up the land, we need that to be addressed.  “What does a brilliant future look like? “I think it's where every town centre car park, every motorway services and every supermarket has a great charging hub with lots of high-power chargers. “We’ve got the capital across the network, the technology is there now. The one bit that’s missing is opening up the land and that is where the Government can help the most.” Recently, Motability has partnered with the Office for Zero Emission Vehicles (OZEV) to develop new BSI accessible charging standards (PAS 1899) for charging bays, which are scheduled to be published for consultation in March.  Mr Johnston added: “Osprey’s mission is to provide safe, reliable and accessible EV charging for all. “That means well-lit sites, chargers that you can rely on and the ability for wheelchairs and anyone with reduced mobility to have the space and access to charge, pay and enjoy our facilities. “Obviously, this is being built into all our new sites in development and we’re working with landlords and Motability to achieve this. “But we’re also going back to existing sites, upgrading hardware and increasing space and access wherever possible."