Highlands and Islands MSP Donald Cameron believed the argument for Scottish independence has "never been weaker" as he discussed the pensions comments made by SNP Commons leader Ian Blackford. Mr Cameron believed the SNP had "tied themselves in knots" over the issue and was asked what other things he thinks the SNP have failed to provide a convincing argument for. The Tory MSP believed the issue of pensions was one such example but pointed towards the issues of currency and borders as something yet to be properly fixed. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cameron was asked about pensions in an independent Scotland and what issues he is concerned about that have not been properly considered. He explained: "We don't want to see another referendum because we think there are far more important things that the Scottish Government should be doing. "But if that referendum campaign were to happen, there are all sorts of issues that... those who are in favour of independence would have to address. "And one thing is the issue of the border between Scotland and England and the rest of the UK. "You've talked about pensions, currency is another major issue that has to be addressed and there are all sorts of different elements to the independence debate that would need to be addressed. "And in my view, the case for independence has never been weaker And the pensions debate that we've seen led by the SNP over the last few weeks proves the point." The Economics Observatory think tank also addressed issues surrounding the Scottish border in a report published this month. Scotland backed remaining in the European Union and may seek to rejoin the bloc if it becomes independent.  But the issues surrounding the Northern Ireland protocol may also be repeated in Scotland as a hard border may have to be introduced across England. The report said: “If Scotland were to rejoin the EU, its border with the rest of the UK would become one of the EU’s external borders. “As the UK is no longer part of the EU’s single market or customs union, this means that cross-border trade would be subject to customs checks and other border barriers. “In addition, physical border infrastructure would probably be required at crossing points between Scotland and England.” First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said in an interview that she would not like to see a hard border across Scotland. Debates have been waged in Holyrood over the plans for Scotland post-independence with several key aspects still under contention. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES]   The SNP backed a motion to introduce a new Scottish currency should they gain independence after previously hoping to retain the Pound Sterling. However, it is feared that financial contracts - such as mortgages or loans - may have to be rewritten as many were signed in the expectation they would be paid in Sterling. Additionally, the new currency may be weaker than the Sterling too. The introduction of a new currency and central bank also means Scotland has the option of joining the Euro in the future. Mr Blackford sparked an outcry after he suggested the UK Government would still be required to pay the pensions of independent Scots. He argued it was right for those contributing to pensions to have their fair share paid back to them. Ms Sturgeon said an independent Scotland would be liable for the pensions after weeks of confusion. 