A mounting mass of alpha-synuclein, for example, is collectively known as Lewy bodies, interfering with the way brain cells communicate. One of the first warning signs of dementia can impact the way you sleep. Experts at the Alzheimer's Society confirmed that "not sleeping well is a common symptom of DLB and can start many years before a person is diagnosed". One such sleep issue can include drifting off to sleep very easily during the day but then experiencing restless, disturbed nights. Another feature of DLB is physically acting out your dreams during rapid eye movement (REM) sleep. The way in which a person is affected by DLB depends on the area where the Lewy bodies are in the brain. When Lewy bodies collect at the base of the brain, issues with movement become more noticeable. Movement issues typically get worse over time, and might include: READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer – Three sensations indicative of a 'tumour pressing on the stomach' Less commonly, hallucinations may come in the form of auditory, sensory or through smell distortions. Delusions can also develop, which is when the person affected by DLB persistently thinks things that are simply not true. In terms of mental faculty, a person with the condition may become confused and not make any sense when they are talking. "These problems are likely to vary a lot throughout the day, from hour to hour or even over the course of a few minutes," the Alzheimer's Society added. Daytime alertness may not be a thing, whereby the person with dementia with Lewy bodies may appear to "switch off" from their surroundings. As the brain condition worsens, the ability to judge distances and to see objects clearly can diminish. Consequently, the ability to climb up and down the stairs can become problematic, which can lead to falls. The risk factors for DLB Research suggests that high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and diabetes are risk factors for developing dementia with Lewy bodies, as well as Alzheimer's disease. Evidence proposes that looking after your brain health can reduce the risk of dementia. In order to protect your brain, it will help to be a non-smoker, and to keep physically and mentally active. Other mitigating factors include maintaining a healthy weight and eating a healthy diet. "Stay connected and do hobbies you enjoy," the charity organisation added.