On Monday night, John Glen, Economic Secretary to the Treasury, laid out the plans, which involve tearing up EU regulation in order to cut down on bureaucracy faced by insurance firms. This would allow them to invest more freely in Britain's growth. The changes will see the Government scrap Solvency II rules, introduced by the EU in 2016. Under the current regulations, insurers are required to hold a certain amount of capital to cover themselves in the event of a disaster. But Mr Glen said the Government plans to reduce the amount of capital required. A report commissioned by the Association of British Insurers (ABI) estimated this could free up £95 billion in cash, which could be put towards investment in long-term projects. The Government also has plans to cut down on the reporting burden faced by insurance firms. Currently, they are required to complete a large number of calculations to support every investment they make. Hitting out at EU regulation which "doesn't work for us", Mr Glen said the new changes will "unlock growth". Speaking at the ABI's annual dinner, as reported by the Scottish Daily Mail, he said: "EU regulation doesn't work for us anymore and the Government is determined to fix that by tailoring the prudential regulation of insurers to our unique circumstances. "We have an opportunity to maintain and grow an innovative and vibrant insurance sector while protecting policyholders and making it easier for insurance firms to use long-term capital to unlock growth." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak accused of 'ignoring plight of pensioners' in UK crisis Sir Nigel Wilson, chief executive of Legal & General praised the proposed changes, is also quoted as saying: "This is a great example of improving regulation post-Brexit, through collaboration between regulators, government and industry. "When implemented it will enable Legal & General to invest billions more in the UK's levelling up, net-zero and science super-power agenda." Chief executive of Aviva, Amanda Blanc, said the changes would allow "insurers like Aviva to play an even bigger role in supporting the UK economy, investing more in the country's essential infrastructure - the colleges, hospitals, transport and renewable energy which are critical to our future." However, some are worried that the changes could cause consumers to lose out. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry warned Netflix will consider 'pulling plug' on deal [REVEAL] Rishi Sunak accused of 'ignoring plight of pensioners' in UK crisis [REACTION] Rogue vet carried out unneeded operations on dogs for extra cash [REPORT] Speaking to the Financial Times, former board member of the Financial Conduct Authority, Mick McAteer said: "Reforming Solvency II is attractive to insurers, as it could generate higher fees and provide a windfall for shareholders at the expense of policyholders and pension savers that use insurance-based products." The new changes represent a push-back against allegations the Government has failed to capitalise on Brexit. Former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan-Smith yesterday accused the Government of doing "sweet FA" to cut red tape since Brexit. He told the Telegraph: "The Government has done absolutely sweet FA about this since we delivered the report to them. "They should have been getting on with it now, and they still haven’t done a single element of deregulation since I produced the report." The Treasury plans to publish a full consultation document for the reforms in April.