Football legend Andriy Shevchenko has boldly spoken out on the escalating conflicts between Ukraine and Russia, as tensions rise following the invasion of troops under the command of President Vladimir Putin. Shevchenko, former manager of the Ukraine national team and a previous candidate for the country's Social Democratic Party following his football career, has used his status to speak out on the horrific events. On Thursday morning social media quickly became awash with chilling footage of military air strikes and bomb explosions across Ukraine, with the fatality level understood to be rising rapidly. Writing on his personal Twitter account, Shevchenko made a direct address on the matter in a post that quickly went viral online. The former AC Milan and Chelsea striker wrote: "Ukraine is my motherland! I have always been proud of my people and my country! We have gone through many difficult times, and over the past 30 years we have formed as a nation! "A nation of sincere, hard-working and freedom-loving citizens! This is our most important asset!" Shevchenko becomes the latest football star to speak out on the political injustice being inflicted upon his homeland, following in the wake of Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko. Furious about the events emerging in Ukraine, the City ace unleashed his anger on social media, before the post was later removed. Zinchenko had outlined that he hopes Putin 'dies a painful death' in a fiery social media post in light of Russia's invasion. The 25-year-old also released a patriotic statement earlier in the week, calling for solidarity among his compatriots during this difficult time. Despite warnings from Western leaders, Russian President Putin claims that Moscow will mount an 'instant response' if others try to step in. Leading figures from the United States, European Union and United Kingdom have strongly condemned the move, while US President Joe Biden claims that Russia will be held to account. Man City star Zinchenko unleashed more social media anger on Thursday, posting a picture of Putin accompanied by the caption: "I hope you die the most painful suffering death, creature." Having only been up for a few minutes, the post was promptly taken down. Many users had already seen and recirculated the post, however, with fans offering their support and solidarity. According to reports in the Daily Mail, Zinchenko claims that Instagram themselves took down the post. At present, thousands of citizens remain in a process of attempting to flee Ukraine as the tensions with Russia rapidly escalate. In the UK, Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to make a public statement on the situation and outline Britain's role in any further events.