Kell Brook has told Chris Eubank Jr and Conor Benn they must fight each other first before he will consider a domestic dust-up against either fighter. The pair were ringside on Saturday night in Manchester to watch Special K beat Amir Khan to a pulp as the curtain finally came down on their epic 17-year rivalry following an impressive sixth-round stoppage. The slick, eye-catching performance from Brook, who controlled the fight from start to finish, would suggest he still has more to give to the sport - providing he does not want to hang up his gloves. While he won't be rushing into any hasty decisions following the victory of his career, Brook made it clear he now holds all the cards as king of the pool. Post-fight it wasn't long before Eubank Jr and Benn were chomping at the bit for a chance to jump in with the victor. But former IBF welterweight world champion Brook has told the two challengers to get in line, ordering them to fight one another before arriving at the table to talk business. READ MORE: Amir Khan drops retirement hint after devastating Kell Brook grudge match defeat "I think maybe they should fight each other first," said Brook, who moved to 40-3 with the TKO triumph over his rival. “I’ve just beaten Amir Khan, I am flavour of the month again, so I’m the man. They have to get in line. “It depends on what I want to do. I am just going to enjoy this win, I want to spend some time with my beautiful kids because I have been away so long.” The 35-year-old plans to sit down with his family before deciding whether to fight on. He added: “The fighter is always the last to know it’s enough. I feel fit, I feel fresh, the body is working perfectly. “I feel 23 years old. I will have to sit back with my family. I don’t want to be one of those fighters that carries on too long, but I feel amazing.” Eubank Jr, fresh from a unanimous points victory over Liam Williams in Cardiff, wants the chance to settle old scores with Brook. "Me and Kell have beef," Eubank Jr told Sky Sports Box Office, before later adding: "We have history. He is the reason I didn't fight Golovkin and I've never forgiven him for that - that was my fight. "Now I want to see if Kell can do that with me. We can make that fight happen and he has already said he wants to fight me. I think I can beat him and he thinks I can beat him." Meanwhile, backstage, Benn vowed to carry out revenge for a battered and bruised Khan - who The Destroyer previously wanted to fight. The heavy-handed, skillful welterweight star was part of talkSPORT's coverage for the fight and now he's determined to land a crack at breaking Brook down. “Of course, I would want to fight Kell," he said. "I was asking the promoter if I could jump in the ring and have a little go! “The chances of it happening are quite high. Me and Kell are pals, me and Khan are pals, I speak to both of them. “It would be a massive domestic fight, I want to challenge myself against those who say they are the best in Britain and he’s that guy. Let’s make the fight happen, that’s all I can say.”