While the Queen has some incredible jewels, one of her staple pieces is a pearl necklace. Her Royal Highness usually pairs the two or three strand necklace with matching pearl stud earrings and a brooch with some meaningful connection to the occasion she is appearing for. But why does the monarch favour pearls so much? Experts at Steven Stone jewellery looked into this. Alongside diamonds, sapphires, and rubies, the Queen has an extensive collection of pearl necklaces, some feature just one strand, others with three or four. However on most occasions, she wears a three-strand pearl necklace and there’s a reason why. Jewellery experts explained: “Pearls have always had a connection with royalty, however Queen Elizabeth is especially known for her love of this radiant gemstone, wearing a pearl necklace for countless events and occasions. “Thanks to a tradition started by Queen Victoria, Queen Elizabeth is reported to have fell in love with pearl jewellery from being a child.” READ MORE: Princess Charlene altered her wedding reception tiara - here's how It has been widely reported that Queen Victoria gave each of her daughters and granddaughters a single pearl on their birthday as they grew up, so that by the time they reached the age at 18, they would have enough pearls for a necklace. Queen Elizabeth’s parents continued the royal tradition, giving her a chain onto which they added two pearls per birthday. The Queen also received a complete pearl necklace from her father King George VI for her coronation in 1937. The future monarch was only 25 years old when she lost her father and the pearl necklace that she received from him remains a powerful reminder of the special bond they shared. DON'T MISS...Heathrow Airport passengers left fuming by baggage delays [NEWS]Michael Mosley: Eat eggs for breakfast for ‘rapid weight loss’ success [EXPERT]Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st by cutting out 1 food group [PICTURES] Steven Stone added: “What many royal fans don’t know is that Queen Elizabeth adored the three-strand pearl necklace so much that she had an identical one made. “In 1953, a third three-stand pearl necklace also joined her collection - a gift from Emir of Qatar. “The only difference among the three was that this gift had a diamond clasp.” As for the value of the Queen’s pearls, leading jewellery expert Zack Stone took a closer look at one of Queen Elizabeth’s most adorned three-strand pearl necklaces. Earlier this month, the Monarch kicked off her 70th anniversary celebrations and wore a pearl necklace.  Zack found this incredible necklace could be worth up to £1million if made with natural pearls. He explained: “Queen Elizabeth has some of the most valuable jewels in the world, so it would be fair to assume that this three-strand pearl necklace and her earrings are made from natural pearls. “Only a very small percentage of pearls used for jewellery are natural, with most of them being cultured. “If these pieces are made up from natural pearls, they are going to be incredibly rare, not to mention valuable. “One single natural pearl is worth around £3,000, and as the Queen has a three-strand necklace, this could be worth anywhere from £600,000 to £1million.” It comes as most pearls are cultured in today’s market. This means they have been grown in pearl farms in carefully chosen environment, often off the coast of Australia and Indonesia in the Southern Indian Ocean. Cultured pearls possess all the qualities of lustre and hardness of natural pearls and tend to have a more consistent shape. Natural pearls, however, are much rarer than cultured pearls and could dictate extremely high prices, depending on their variety and origins. Many historic and designer natural pearl jewellery pieces are auctioned for staggering amounts every year.