Showtime’s hit mystery thriller series Yellowjackets recently came to an end with an unexpected plot twist. While the show contained some violent scenes, actress Melanie Lynskey who played Shauna defended the show’s graphic use of sex scenes.  Yellowjackets told the survival story of a group of talented high school soccer players who survived a plane crash on the way to a national tournament. While deep in the Ontario wilderness, the students were forced to use extreme measures to ensure their survival. As the remaining team members were stranded for 19 months, they went feral and resorted to cannibalism. The show also flashed forward to the lives of four of the survivors who were now in their 40s as they tried to conceal their trauma, which was slowly unraveling. READ MORE: Coronation Street double exit for Adam Barlow and Lydia Chambers?  Melanie Lynskey who played the 2021 version of Shauna Sadecki opened up about the show’s use of intimate scenes and defended it. With a good chunk of her scene involving sex scenes, the actress praised the network for challenging society’s belief of women in their 40s having sex. In an interview with The Guardian, Lynskey shared: “I started to get to a point reading the script where I was like: 'Oh my God, I'm having sex again!’” “Then I was like: 'How great that I'm the one who's having all the sex!' Because it happens. It's just so funny to me, this narrative that you…” She stated before speaking on Amy Schumer's sketch about women marking their "last f**k-able day" in their 40s as she added: “It is not a real thing.” Throughout the series, Shauna would sexualise the partners of people she was close with. This was seen during a flashback when a younger Shauna (Sophie Nélisse) slept with her best friend’s boyfriend, Jack (Warren Kole). She was later seen partaking in self-gratification on her daughter’s bed while looking at a photo of her daughter’s boyfriend. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charles Anderson destroyed by Meena Jutla in exit twist? [THEORY]Yellowjackets season 2 release: Showtime boss drops a major premiere [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in Yellowjackets on Sky? [INSIGHT] While many viewers found the scene disturbing, others defended Shauna and stated she was attempting to relive her teenage years which she lost to the trauma of the plane crash. On Reddit, user Jeanpeaches suggested: “I think that she probably has a lot of issues and this could be an issue of her having lost her childhood prematurely.” During the flashback scenes in the wilderness, Shauna’s sexuality was also questioned as fans often wondered if she would eventually get together with Jackie (Ella Pernell). Although it looked as though Jackie didn’t make it out of the wilderness with the other survivors, Lynskey opened up about their relationship. During an Instagram Liiv with Teen Vogue, the actress shared: “I think Shauna’s relationship with Jackie is platonic but I do think Shauna could swing both ways.” Yellowjackets also featured the likes of Christina Ricci, Juliette Lewis, Ella Purnell, Jasmin Savoy Brown and Sophie Thatcher. Thankfully for fans, viewers will get to see more of Shauna, as Yellowjackets was renewed for season two in December. Yellowjackets is available to stream in the USA on Showtime and is available on Sky Atlantic and Now TV in the UK.