Hope (played by Isabella Flanagan) has been less troublesome in recent weeks on Coronation Street as she has been speaking to a therapist about her behaviour and the usually dangerous consequences it has for those around her. The youngster last stirred up trouble when she made it seem her cousin Joseph Brown (William Flanagan) had gone missing when in fact, she had hidden him in her attic. During Monday evening's instalment of the ITV soap, she bid farewell to the schoolboy as he left the cobbles to begin a new life with his grandmother, Linda Hancock (Jacqueline Leonard, but their conversation could have hinted her sister Ruby Dobbs (Macy Alabi) is going to be in danger. The conversation between the two youngsters took place as Joseph and his father, Chesney Brown (Sam Aston), had agreed he would go back to Portugal with Linda. It was thought she was going to be staying longer but the young boy's grandmother explained her housekeeper was threatening to quit and she needed to go back to sort things out. This meant Joseph's decision on whether he wanted to leave Weatherfield was made as he knew this would be his chance to start a new chapter rather than wait any longer. Stood outside the Brown-Winter household, the schoolboy confided in his devilish cousin about why he was going away. "And uncle Chesney is ok with it?" Hope asked him, to which he replied: "Apparently," though he was very disheartened. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap "You are so lucky," Hope told her cousin, before dropping the name of her possible next victim seamlessly into the conversation. "I would literally kill my own sister if it meant I could live in Portugal and have my own swimming pool," she continued. "And I would get a proper good tan. When do you go?" she asked Joseph who told her it would be soon. However, Hope showed some compassion when she asked the schoolboy what the problem was as she sensed he wasn't happy. It was later explained he actually didn't want to go but thought it was what Chesney wanted as he has his hands full with his other four children. This is the last thing Chesney wanted and by the end of the episode, he had rushed to the airport to stop his son from going. After some deliberation, Joseph decided he was going to stay and he would stay in contact with Linda over video calls. Although it seems she is out of the picture at the moment, she could be called upon once again if Fiz Brown (Jennie McAlpine) needs somewhere for her daughter to escape to. Following her conversation with Joseph, Hope could seriously consider committing a crime to ensure she would be sent abroad by her mother. Having made the comment about killing Ruby, she may well do just that and the family would be left devastated over their loss. DON'T MISS...Sally Dynevor health: Star had cancer symptom for '6 months' [COMMENT]Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT] They would know it would have not been accidental and Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) would be wanting Hope to pay for killing his daughter. In recent weeks, he told Fiz they needed their daughter to be seen by a psychologist so she could be properly assessed with regards to her questionable behaviour. With Fiz having refused to do anything, believing her daughter's actions were those of a naughty school child, the mechanic could blame her for Ruby's death. As Tyrone calls the authorities, Hope would need somewhere to go as her mother would not want her to go to jail for what she did. Knowing Chesney has connections to Portugal, she could ask him if he would be willing to take Hope and Joseph out of the country. Although uneasy about looking after a killer, he would understand his sister's plight as he wouldn't want his son to be sent to prison either at such a young age. This is where Hope would get her wish as she would be living in Portugal having gone through with killing her sister. She would be lapping up the sun and enjoying days by the pool, seemingly not showing any remorse for her criminal actions. Chesney would know she would need to pay for what she did and he would feel uneasy about leaving her alone with Joseph. Having second thoughts, would the father of five return to the UK with his niece and hand her over to the police himself? The storyline would see Fiz and Tyrone more divided than ever since they broke up as they both have opposing views on how Hope should be dealt with. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media last year, executive producer Iain MacLeod discussed what the future looked like for the couple. Iain explained: "I have absolutely loved every single second of the Fiz and Tyrone story. "When I told some people about the plan, there was some rolling of the eyes over 'another soap affair' but right from frame one, it has not been anything like that. "The scene that Jennie [McAlpine] and Alan [Halsall] did, written by Ian Kershaw with nine minutes of uninterrupted marital breakdown, was one of the best things I saw on TV last year." So will they be torn apart forever by Hope killing Ruby with no chance of reconciliation? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.