Manchester United defender Harry Maguire has been told how not to get ‘paced’ by speedy attackers in a damning comparison between the Red Devils captain and 37-year-old Chelsea star Thiago Silva.   The England star was one of the scorers during United’s 4-2 victory over Leeds at the weekend but has endured a mixed campaign. The Old Trafford outfit had not scored from a corner in 139 attempts before Maguire thumped a header past Ilan Meslier. It was a welcome positive for Maguire, who had faced a difficult few weeks after reports of a rift with Cristiano Ronaldo over the club captaincy. He has also faced plenty of criticism for his performances, particularly for his lack of pace.   JUST IN: Jamie Carragher names Chelsea player who should be 'certain starter' And former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has told Maguire to take a leaf out of Chelsea defender Silva's book on how not to get caught out in behind. “What I love about Thiago Silva is that you never see him get paced,” Agbonlahor said. “He reminds me a bit of John Terry, he was never the quickest but he was very clever. “If there was a chance you were running in behind, he was already gone. He would chose the right moments to get tight to you, the right moments to drop off and give himself a yard. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  “As much as we look at Harry Maguire, he should be looking at defenders like Thiago Silva and should still be learning from these top, top defenders.” Maguire and interim boss Ralf Rangnick were last week forced to deny a report by the Mirror that talks had been held with Ronaldo over a change of club captain. "I’ve seen a lot of reports about this club that aren’t true and this is another,” Maguire tweeted. “Not going to start posting about everything that is written but I needed to make this one clear. We’re united and focused on Sunday. Enjoy your day everyone.”   DON'T MISS...Tottenham lose to Burnley: Four things we learned as Mee downs SpursPaul Scholes names two players that sum up Man Utd's plightLukaku to make big career decision after Tuchel's Havertz tactic “It’s absolutely nonsense," Rangnick added. “I am the manager of this club and I have never spoken to any player about changing the captaincy. “I have not spoken to Harry, I have not spoken to Cristiano. They know that. This is not an issue and there is no reason to change. “Harry is the captain and he will stay our captain until the end of the season. There is nothing more to say about this."