If the resolve of our civilisation had not been corroded by woke dogma, enfeebled defences, institutional selfloathing and suicidal energy policies, then the Kremlin might never have felt sufficiently emboldened to go to war. Decadence has turned out to be the ally of despotism. Putin saw a Western alliance devoid of strong leadership and paralysed by virtue-signalling. His instincts turned out to be correct. So far, the reaction of Western governments to the invasion has been long on rhetoric but short on action. There have been expressions of solidarity and gestures of support, such as lighting up public buildings in Ukrainian colours. But massive sanctions or the extensive supply of military equipment, have been absent. The frustration of the Ukrainian Government was reflected in the words of its courageous President Volodymyr Zelensky when the USA offered to evacuate him from Kyiv: “I need ammunition, not a ride.” The West’s recent stance towards Russia has been riddled with hypocrisy and timidity. Our leaders extol Ukrainian patriotism, yet in our own societies, national pride is treated with suspicion. The raw courage of the Ukrainian defenders is praised, yet our civic realm endlessly promotes the fragile victimhood of “safe spaces”. Rhetoric about Ukrainian liberty contrasts with cancel culture and political censorship in the West, just as the obsession with “micro-aggressions” is accompanied by impotence in the face of Putin’s real aggression.While our leaders trumpet the unifying virtues of Ukraine’s heritage, at home they wallow in identity politics and turn celebration of diversity into our new state religion. Across the key parts of the public sector, ideological posturing counts more than the maintenance of national interest. Richard Moore, the head of MI6, loves to blather about “white privilege”, “gender biases” and his “preferred pronouns”. And during Russia’s build-up to the invasion, Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, the head of the British Army, ordered a special training day for his troops to “reflect on inclusivity”. What makes the position of our armed forces even worse is the impact of huge spending cuts, warped priorities and mismanaged procurement. Britain will soon have only 72,500 soldiers – a third of the size of the current Ukrainian army. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Much of the defence budget is swallowed up by the two Royal Navy aircraft carriers that need a host of vessels to protect them and are of little use in conflicts such as that in Ukraine. The same neglect exists throughout the Continent, where real security receives far less attention than social security. Indeed, Europe has just seven per cent of the world’s population but accounts for half of all global welfare spending. More folly can be found in energy, where the green agenda has made us dangerously dependent on Russian supplies of oil, coal and gas. Britain is actually sitting on huge natural reserves, including an estimated 2,000 trillion cubic feet of shale gas, yet we cannot exploit these assets because of expensive doctrinaire environmentalism, which has also inhibited the building of vital nuclear power stations. There are just six such plants left in Britain, all of them due to be phased out by 2035. We are now paying the price for our long-term failure to stand up to the Putin regime. From football clubs to property, Britain is awash with dirty Russian money, so much so that, disgracefully, our capital is known as Londongrad. The Tories might posture now as the champions of Ukrainian independence, yet since 2019 they have accepted £1.9million from Russian donors. Nor did the Conservative Government take any meaningful action after the Salisbury poisonings. The use of a deadly nerve agent on British soil should have been a call to arms. Instead it was the cue for more inertia. As the Ukrainians fight heroically, drawing parallels with the struggle of Finland in 1939 against the overwhelming might of the Soviet invader, their resolve is symbolised by the bravery of President Zelensky. Meanwhile, the West’s pusillanimity is embodied by the US President Joe Biden: infirm, incompetent, inarticulate and in thrall to progressive ideology. At this hour of crisis, it is hard to imagine a figure less suited to the role of global leadership.