Since she married the Prince of Wales in 2005 she has not put a foot wrong. Indeed, we are now so used to her being beside her husband or on her own royal visits that it’s easy to forget what a difficult journey it has been for her, both publicly and behind the scenes. Back in 2005, memories of Diana were still fresh and Camilla was still seen by the public as “the other woman”. It is a tribute to her strength of character and skill as a public figure that she is now so integral to the Royal Family and is so widely liked and respected. She has carved out her own niche, following her own interests ‑ such as literacy and reading ‑ as well as those aspects that simply come with the job. In many ways the public role she now plays is a sign of what the monarchy is likely to look like once Charles becomes king. No one could accuse Camilla, for instance, of not being value for money or using her position to freeload. She is one of the more hardworking royals. Prince Charles has already let it be known that when he takes over he wants to slim the Royal Family down. At the moment, the royal.uk website lists the 24 highest-ranking members of the family in the line of succession. Unless you are a full-time royal watcher, it is a feat of deduction as to who many of them are. Reports from insiders say Charles plans to reduce the monarchy to key figures, all with co-ordinated offices and duties. These would be Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Anne, Princess Royal, and Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The decision by Prince Harry and Meghan to move abroad was another foretaste of the future. It was clear from their interview with Oprah Winfrey that they wanted to be free of the duties that come with being a royal but nonetheless to retain the status. That option, it was decided ‑ rightly ‑ wasn’t available to them. So they are, despite their aristocratic titles as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, no longer part of The Firm, as the royals are often known. The wisdom for the monarchy of such distancing has been made even clearer by the embarrassment caused by the allegations against Prince Andrew. Had he been heir to the throne, what is nonetheless still a crisis for the family would be existential. But even as the Queen’s son, the ruthlessness with which he has been stripped of his royal roles and the distancing from him shows the potency of keeping The Firm tight-knit. Charles clearly understood long ago that the age of the extended Royal Family has passed ‑ worse, that it was deeply damaging to the monarchy’s future. A string of minor royals have provided copy for diary columns but nothing else, and it makes the very idea of the monarchy seem an anachronism. But the core royals do the opposite: their roles are easily understood and appreciated. The Cambridges, for instance, are so clearly a good thing that their stardust is sprinkled across the family.  The last major modernisation of the monarchy began in 1969, when cameras were first allowed to film the family behind the scenes. That started the transition of the royals from a fusty, strait-laced arm of the constitution into a more public-facing embodiment of national pride. It is striking how no other European monarchy is anything like ours. Many have simply disappeared and those that do survive are now far more low-key with, in the main, a purely ceremonial role. Charles is well aware that the British version has to reform again if it is to avoid the same drift into irrelevance. AS the son of the longest-serving monarch in history he is already 73 but it seems likely that when he does finally accede, he will have the reforming instincts of a man half his age. Having been heir for so long he has had plenty of time to think, primarily focusing on why, how and when to reform. There was a time when it was fashionable to decry the Royal Family as a dated concept and the idea of heredity as entirely inappropriate in a modern institution. It is, in fact, precisely because it is unique and so different that the monarchy remains so relevant. But even the most relevant ideas and institutions sometimes need sprucing up ‑ and now it’s the turn of the royals. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea