The current eligibility criteria for free NHS prescriptions includes being over the age of 60 in England, however, this could rise to be in line with the state pension age of 66. The shift could see many being out of pocket for their necessary medication, but four other support, care and items will remain freely available for this age group.  This free help and support is available to everyone regardless of income as it is non means-tested. Those with severe disabilities, conditions or illness may find incredible difficulty with just navigating their own homes. This inaccessibility of general residential architecture in the UK can entitle some to free adaptations and equipment up to the value of £1,000.   This can include the likes of:     Additionally, if one finds themselves coming home from the hospital with equipment they’ve been instructed to use, this should also be free. Britons can ask the adult social services department of their local council for a home assessment which will confirm their difficulties and needs as well as what type of equipment would best suit the situation. A hospital stay, no matter how long, can often impact one’s home life and needs once they leave, but Britons could claim free care and support up to six weeks after a hospital stay or in the name of preventing another.  This is known as intermediate care or reablement and can include equipment, adaptations or assistance from a carer. Hospital staff will likely arrange this for patients before they leave the hospital and should organise someone to visit the patient's home and discuss their needs. This package of care is available to those with a serious disability or illness, covering the full costs of their:  Claimants for continuing healthcare will first need to pass an initial screening process and can only then undergo a full detailed assessment of their needs, which can be complex. To claim this, Britons can ask their GP, social worker or other health professional to arrange the initial screening process. Those living in a nursing home can sometimes get assistance from the NHS towards their fees, which includes a flat rate of £158.16 per week paid directly to the nursing home. Britons can ask a hospital discharge nurse, GP or social worker to arrange an assessment for NHS-funded nursing care.