Married at First Sight Australia is back for its latest series, having already kicked off Down Under last month. Now, it's time for UK viewers to begin catching up on all the gossip from the show as the singletons try to start their new lives together. So are Selin Mengu and Anthony Cincotta still together or have they already gone their separate ways? WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia. Selin and Anthony appeared to have a fairytale start to their married life on the day of their wedding. When she walked down the aisle, Anthony couldn't take his eyes off his new bride and showered her with compliments. The feeling was entirely mutual as Selin said in an individual interview: “Seeing his kind eyes means everything, immediately I feel that spark." From the outset, the single parents looked like they could have been the perfect match. READ MORE: EastEnders' Gray in brutal downfall with help of former colleagues? Unfortunately, things quickly started to go wrong on their honeymoon during a pottery date where Anthony smeared clay on his wife's face which led to an argument. Selin said she didn't feel a spark after spending time together and things quickly escalated with Anthony leaving his wife to enjoy the rest of the honeymoon by herself. Later on, he made the decision to stay in separate rooms when they did get to the hotel. They got into another argument when Selin tried to explain the situation at a dinner party. The couple have continued to try and work on their issues but it looks like it didn't turn out well in the end. A number of the contestants weren't following their other halves on Instagram which got fans' attention but when this was pointed out, all of the married couples quickly added their spouses. One of which was Selin and Anthony so the fact they weren't following each other in the first place could indicate they are no longer together. There are a couple of other hints as well which lead to the same conclusion. DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch viewers left sickened and slam chef for poor hygiene [REACTION]Coronation Street arrest after teen tampers with spiking evidence? [THEORY]Married At First Sight Australia 2022: Which couples are together? [EXPLAINER] Bookmakers Sportsbet has favoured them as the couple to leave in the third week of commitment ceremonies. When bookies put out these odds, it is sometimes a sign of a "leak" from someone close to the show giving out details of what's to come. Australian publication The Wash has also reported receiving a picture of Anthony on what appeared to be a date earlier this month. He was then seen with the same woman again but on a different occasion. Elsewhere, Selin was spotted out and about near her home in Sydney at the time. So this indicates that she has been living there, away from Anthony, and with her son after filming came to an end. Does this mean Selin and Anthony are over for good or could romance still be on the cards? Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues every night on Channel Nine in Australia. The ninth series premieres at 9pm on Monday, February 21, on E4.