Statins are one way to keep levels of bad cholesterol down. Similarly, to other medicines it can cause a number of side effects such as a headache, dizziness, feeling sick, feeling tired or weak, digestive problems, muscle pain, issues with sleep, and low blood platelet count, says the NHS. The potential of suffering those side effects may result in feelings of nerves around taking statins. However, new research has revealed the statistical chances of experiencing side effects as a result of statins are much lower than originally thought. READ MORE: Are YOU oestrogen dominant? The 17 signs you have too much oestrogen Research published in the European Heart Journal has found that the number of people who are intolerant to statins are much lower than previously thought, potentially as low as six percent. This comes amidst previous data showing individuals sometimes stop taking statins due to the severity of the side effects. Leader of the study, Professor Maciej Banach said: “These results clearly show that patients needn’t be afraid of statin therapy as it is very well tolerated in as much as 93 percent, which is similar or even better than cardiology drugs, including ones for reducing blood pressure.” The Professor continued: “The most important message to patients as a result of this study is that they should keep on taking statins according to the prescribed dose, and discuss any side effects with their doctor, rather than discontinuing the medication.”  Should an individual experience a side effect when taking a statin, there is a way they can report it without contacting the manufacturer or using social media. Since the mid-20th Century, the UK government has been running a programme known as the Yellow Card Scheme. Through this scheme it is possible to report side effects or issues with almost any drug or medical device. After a review the MHRA can then decide if or what action should be taken. During the pandemic a special COVID-19 Yellow Card scheme was set up. As a result, should an individual experience a side effect from a statin not present on the warning leaflet the medication came with they can report this to the MHRA through the scheme. Statins were invented in 1976, 12 years after the Yellow CARD Scheme was established in the UK. Since the late-1980s they have been used by patients in the UK to reduce the risk of suffering heart attacks and for treating conditions related to heart disease, including high cholesterol. They are not a silver bullet with regard to cholesterol treatment, there are several cheaper ways to lower levels of bad (LDL) cholesterol. Maintaining a balanced diet, exercising regularly, and improving lifestyle habits are all affordable methods of cholesterol reduction. Statins could be prescribed if these methods have not been as effective as hoped. For more information on how to lower cholesterol contact the NHS or consult with your GP.