Y 1883 is the first spin-off to come from Paramount Network’s hit crime series, Yellowstone, and the prequel show has already amassed an exceeding amount of fans. Eric Nelsen who starred as Ennis dropped a major clue after he finally addressed the fan theory about his character having a secret twin.  Y 1883 transported viewers back 130 years before the events of Yellowstone as it followed John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) family on their way to Montana from Texas. The spin-off gave fans a huge insight into how he came to have the Dutton Ranch in his family lineage and the sacrifices which were taken to acquire the land. The family trekked a treacherous journey alongside other immigrants all in hopes of looking for a better life. Jamie Dutton’s (Tim McGraw) daughter Elsa Dutton (Isabel May) fell in love during the voyage with cowboy Ennis (Eric Nelsen). READ MORE: Kev Corbishley: Who is Call the Midwife star? BBC drama pay tribute In episode five, viewers watched the cute scene as the two planned their lives together after consummating their relationship. Even her father had given his blessing and was getting used to the idea of his daughter having a boyfriend. However, later on in the episode titled ’The Fangs of Freedom,’ tragedy struck when a group of bandits attempted to raid the caravans and killed Ennis during the havoc. Sadly, the new road they travelled on was trailing with bandits and although Josef (Marc Rissman) tried his best to hold them off, Ennis was shot and met his demise.  Fans were devastated to say goodbye to the beloved character, as well as Elsa who had witnessed the ordeal and let out a harrowing scream. Ennis’ death led viewers to conjure up a number of theories and ways to make the character return to screens. One of which Nelsen addressed during a Q&A segment he held on Instagram live with fans. When the actor read the question about the possibility of Ennis having a twin, he laughed and remarked: “I wish.”  DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield opens up on changes to family life [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker’s rumoured replacement falls out of fans [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Gil Birmingham on the realities of the vision quest [INSIGHT] Nelsen continued: “I wish Jen, unfortunately not though, I really like the way you think, I like where your heads at. “Maybe I can try and slip that into Taylor's [Sheridan] ear and maybe in the next season there might be some sort of twin that could pop up. The actor concluded: “As of now, no, but I do really like the question.” While Nelsen didn’t disagree with the theory, he instead gave a cryptic response which could see fans continue to hold out hope for Ennis 2.0 to make an appearance.  Despite this, after watching the penultimate episode of Y 1883 there could also be a possibility Elsa could join Ennis in the afterlife. As the journey continued, Shea Brennan (Sam Elliot), James and Thomas came across the Native American camp which had been burned down and their horses and relatives slaughtered. While the group of travellers continued to the next army checkpoint, they followed the tracks to find the culprits which led them to the travellers. A fight broke out between the two groups which saw Else shot with an arrow, she was able to use the little language she knew to tell the tribe it wasn’t them. Although they were made aware, Elsa’s wound became severely infected which led fans to believe she would die from her injury. Y 1883 continues on Paramount Network on Sunday, February 27. 