Tottenham chief Daniel Levy might be dipping into the managerial market for a third time this season after a 1-0 loss to Burnley on Wednesday night. Antonio Conte gave an explosive interview where he admitted he could resign. Conte shocked Tottenham fans when he suggested he could resign from his job following another turgid result in the Premier League. Spurs were defeated by Burnley at Turf Moor on Wednesday night to fall further behind in the battle for fourth place. It is now four losses in five for the north London team, though their solitary win did come against Manchester City. But, ultimately, Tottenham fell back into bad habits against Burnley, who were happy to soak up the pressure before Ben Mee’s eventual winner. "We are doing everything to change the situation but it's not enough. Four defeats out of five is not good enough. This doesn't happen to me,” Conte said. "Maybe I'm not so good. Tottenham called me to change things but I'm too honest. I could just take my salary but I'm too honest. We've lost four out of five games. This is unacceptable. If we continue on this way we have to pay great attention.” So, who could Spurs chief Levy replace Conte with? The Brighton boss would be the obvious solution with Tottenham veering away from the big-name manager to pick someone who is impressing with his tactics. Potter has seen his stock rise due to the fine performances put on by the Seagulls this season, though their lack of funds - and a striker - has prohibited them from bursting into the top four race. The former Swansea boss could work wonders with Harry Kane, if given the chance, while he could bring a long-term vision to the club like Mauricio Pochettino did. Speaking of the Argentine, why not bring him back? There are rumours of discontent at Paris Saint-Germain and he was tipped to return in the summer. They say you should not go back but Pochettino clearly has unfinished business at Spurs while it would require Levy to hold his hands up and admit his mistake. While the PSG boss did not bring trophies to the white half of north London, there was at least some semblance of a plan while they reached their first-ever Champions League final under his watch. It might not be the best season for Leicester but no one can deny that Rodgers has overachieved at the King Power Stadium in recent seasons. With an extra shade of luck, they would have been a regular Champions League outfit while their FA Cup victory over Chelsea last year represents a solid piece of silverware to commemorate their recent upturn in success. Tottenham could do a lot worse than Rodgers in the managerial dugout, who understands how to get the best out of his players. There was shock when Jose Mourinho was sacked a week prior to the Carabao Cup final, throwing a 29-year-old Mason into the dugout to pit his wits against Pep Guardiola. While everyone was expecting a massacre, Tottenham lost just 1-0 after Aymeric Laporte - a player who should have been sent off - scored the winner. Mason might not have the experience but he has worked closely with the squad and might be the best option - as interim manager at least until the summer.