Valtteri Bottas has admitted he's relishing the chance to become a 'leader' as he prepares for his first season at Alfa Romeo. Bottas, 32, confirmed last September he would be joining the team after five years at Mercedes alongside Lewis Hamilton. The Finn replaced Nico Rosberg at the Silver Arrows for the 2017 campaign after four years at Williams and proceeded to help Toto Wolff's team to five straight Constructors' titles. However, it was Hamilton who won the individual world title in the first four of those years, before his run was dramatically ended in 2021 by Max Verstappen. Bottas finished runner-up to his teammate in both 2019 and 2020, but in reality, failed to mount a serious title challenge and admitted last year he felt he had partially 'failed' at Mercedes given his ambition to become world champion. He will now team up with Guanyu Zhou, the first Chinese driver in the history of F1, and Alfa Romeo's new C42 car was unveiled during a virtual launch on Sunday. JUST IN: Fernando Alonso's admission will concern Max Verstappen more than Lewis Hamilton  And during the launch, Bottas suggested to reporters he was relishing the chance to be his own driver, as opposed to trying to live up to the standards of seven-time world champion Hamilton. "I absolutely feel that I still have so much to do get better and so much more to give to this sport," he said when asked if he could use his past experience to become a leader at his new team. "As a driver you never stop learning and I'm always looking at areas where I can be better. "It really feels like now I can be the best version of myself instead of trying to be something else and trying too hard." DON'T MISS:Lando Norris disagrees with Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and George Russell after F1 testingLewis Hamilton responds when asked where Mercedes stand vs Red Bull, Ferrari and McLarenAlfa Romeo unveil new car for 2022 season as Valtteri Bottas falls in 'love' However, the 10-time race winner was also keen to stress that his voice would be far from the only one of significance. "In the end, it's going to be a team effort and it's not me here as the only leader of the team. We are in this together and that is the feeling," he continued. "Of course, I can guide if I feel like I have experience from the past but in the end, we are in this together. For now, it's been a nice atmosphere and I'm more than happy to be here." Despite his positivity, Bottas did concede the team also had much to work on, having completed the second-lowest mileage total during pre-season testing in Barcelona this week.  "The nice feeling is that I definitely feel there is potential," he said. "There are some strong areas in certain types of corner but I also noticed some areas to work on." All teams will head to Bahrain for three days of testing from March 10-12, before the country hosts the first race of the season on March 20.