US intelligence said Vladimir Putin is primed to give the order to advance in the next 24 hours. And Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said Putin appears to be “hell-bent” on an invasion as tensions ­continued to rise. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace slammed the Russian president, saying he has “gone full tonto” over Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said he had been warned the latest intelligence suggests the Kremlin will order a full invasion at any time. And a US defence official said of Putin: “He is as ready as he can be. We’ve been saying any day now and it’s certainly ­possible that today is that day.” Approximately 80 percent of Russian forces are now in forward positions – meaning they are ready to invade if given orders, according to the latest US assessment. A source said: “Putin can’t keep so many troops in the field much longer.” Last night, the Ukrainian parliament approved the declaration of a state of emergency amid growing signs that it was veering closer to a full-blown war with its northern neighbour. President Zelenskyy also called up 250,000 reserve troops and the country’s foreign minister warned an all-out war would “throw us back to the darkest time of the 20th century”. UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres warned that the world is facing a “moment of peril” over the Ukraine and Russia tensions. Back in Britain, tough-talking Mr Wallace said the UK “kicked the backside” of Russia during the Crimean War and “can always do it again”. Mr Wallace, who is a former Scots Guards officer, yesterday met with serving military personnel at the Horse Guards building in Westminster. He said: “It’s going to be a busy army. Unfortunately, we’ve got a busy adversary now in Putin who has gone full tonto. We’ve got a thousand people on standby. “The Scots Guards kicked the backside of Tsar Nicholas I in 1853 in Crimea, we can always do it again. Tsar Nicholas I made the same mistake Putin did – he had no friends, no alliances.” Mr Wallace had described Russia’s “fake news” campaign as “almost comical”. Prime Minister Boris Johnson yesterday revealed more British weapons will be sent to Ukraine so that Ukrainian soldiers can defend themselves against Putin’s forces. But Russia’s Ministry of Defence hit back at Mr Wallace’s comments. Maj Gen Igor Konashenkov said: “We recommend that British servicemen study well not only the geography of Russia, but also its history. “In order not to enrich our common military history with their lives to please poorly educated British politicians.” US President Joe Biden has warned that Putin is preparing to “start a war”. The President said that intelligence ­suggested Russian forces were moving blood and medical supplies to the Ukrainian border in readiness for a full invasion. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said: “We are at a critical juncture in world history and our actions today define it for decades to come. “We all read history books. We all watched movies about the mistakes of ­politicians in the run-up to 1914 and 1939. “Russia’s accusations of Ukraine are absurd. Ukraine has never threatened or attacked anyone. “It is ultimately absurd to suggest that Ukraine could have prepared for anything like this. “This is a grim scenario that will throw us back to the darkest time of the 20th century. Russia will not stop at Ukraine.” The websites of Ukraine’s government, foreign ministry, state security service and banks were hit by another massive cyber attack yesterday. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The aim is to overwhelm websites with more traffic than the server or network can accommodate so they are rendered inoperable, it was said. Ukraine has been hit by a string of cyber attacks which Kiev has blamed on Russia. The Ukrainian security services accused Russia of mounting a false bomb threat to create “alarm and panic” just minutes before a Ukrainian parliament session was due to commence to approve the declaration of a state of emergency. Home Secretary Priti Patel yesterday warned Britain must be prepared for Russian revenge operations, suggesting the Kremlin may order assassinations or cyber attacks. She said: “We are constantly watching, we are reviewing it every day. But I think it is fair to say when we are in what is quite frankly open conflict, calling for Putin to stop, it comes with consequences to us. “The risk is alive. And on that basis, we are absolutely stepping up everything that we need to domestically.” ----------------- So far British sanctions seem to be relatively feeble. There is the promise of an escalation ladder if Russia continues down its track. Unfortunately, escalation needs plausibility if it’s to be effective and there needs to be a greater effort made to show that there is in fact the will to grip the problem of Russian money in London. If the Government means it, it needs to overcome resistance from the enablers and from the parasite industries, and from the top levels of the Tory Party. It does have an effect – we see that Russia squeals loudest when personal fortunes are threatened. The side-effect of Brexit has been to liberate the UK from the EU’s foreign policy, which means that they can in fact sanction EU citizens, including those decision makers in Russia close to President Putin. If that is actually the case then that provides an excellent way of leveraging some of the advantages of Brexit to pursue this more robust policy against Russia. We’ve also heard it suggested that aid to Ukrainian resistance in the event of occupation is a likely fruitful course of action for Western powers, including the UK. Parliament’s defence select committee said the UK and NATO should learn lessons from this crisis and act earlier to support countries facing aggressive threats from larger neighbours. If Putin is to be believed – and so far he seems to be acting on his convictions –Russia’s next targets will be those forward NATO and EU countries. The bottom line is Russia feels able to act against Ukraine because of a failure of deterrence by the West overall.