Arsenal can replicate their signing of Gabriel Martinelli by luring another young Brazilian talent to the Emirates. Reports claim Arsenal are interested in signing Palmeiras midfielder Danilo. The Gunners are likely to be in the market for a midfielder this summer. Arsenal technical director Edu used his knowledge of Brazilian football to sign Martinelli in 2019. The forward joined the Gunners from Ituano for a fee of around £6million. That has proven to be a bargain with this season being a real breakthrough campaign for the youngster. Danilo is 20, like Martinelli, but has a lot more experience at first-team level than the Arsenal star did before he arrived. JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand urges Man Utd not to sign two players who are targets for Arsenal  He has already made over 80 appearances for Palmeiras and played in the recent Club World Cup final defeat to Chelsea. Brazilian outlet TNT Sports claimed in January that Arsenal were interested in Danilo. However, Palmeiras were not entertaining offers for the midfielder. But it appears Arsenal's interest in the player has not dwindled. DON'T MISSMohamed Salah sent Kenny Dalglish message as Liverpool star warned over Anfield exit [QUOTES]Chelsea star warned Thomas Tuchel will move on without him - 'They won't wait' [QUOTES]Romelu Lukaku's Chelsea troubles causes problem for Edu's Arsenal plans [TRANSFERS]  Bolavip claims there has been fresh communication between Arsenal and Palmeiras. Palmeiras will not make it easy for the Gunners to complete a deal this summer. Arsenal would have to pay a minimum of £12.5m for Danilo's signature. Danilo is a more defensive-minded midfielder and with Granit Xhaka again linked with an exit, they could be in the market for a player in that position.  Mikel Arteta's use of Albert Sambi Lokonga this season proves he is willing to give young midfielders a chance at first-team level. Danilo recently spoke of his admiration of Chelsea star N'Golo Kante ahead of the clash with Thomas Tuchel's side. He admits Kante is an inspiration for his style of play. “Kante is distinguished by what he does on the field: the rush, the hits and turns, tireless," Danilo told Band. "He's the one I see the most at Chelsea and [who] I'm most inspired by."  Despite Palmeiras' stance on Danilo's exit, Brazilian journalist Danilo Lavieri recently claimed it won't be long before the midfielder gets a move away. "Danilo plays a lot, he played a lot at the World Cup, both in the semi-final and in the final against Chelsea as well," Lavieri told UOL. "He is a football star, he doesn't last long in Brazilian football. the best of these kids. "Danilo is currently the great star of the team."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here