Over the years, Dawn French, 64, has stunned fans with a variety of different looks, but her latest style shocked even her hairdresser! She now sports a grey pixie cut, admitting that at the end of the day... "it's just hair". In a new interview with Good Housekeeping magazine, where she appears on the cover of April issue which is on sale now, the actress opened up how her new hair journey came about. And, of course, it all comes down to lockdown. "The real trigger came during the lockdowns when I was dying my hair myself, and I just couldn’t be bothered to keep doing it," she explained. "So I let my natural grey come through. READ MORE: Elton John’s private jet forced to make emergency landing "I also cut some of it myself - to my hairdresser's alarm! "It’s much shorter than I’m used to now and I do have certain 'grrr' moments when I’m going out and I don’t know how to style it - I would literally give my old hair 13 minutes of my time each day - but the plan is to grow it again like my old hairstyle." She pondered the future of her hair, telling the publication: "I'm curious to see what the bob might look like with a good strong grey." Dawn previously spoke of her new do on Zoe Ball's Radio 2 show, where she admitted she does miss her signature bob. She has been rocking her chic dark bob for as long as we can remember, but since the change-up, she's very much feeling the low maintenance. "We spend so much time and money on it; I'm very guilty of that, I loved my hair!" she told Zoe. "Took me 13 minutes to do it everyday. "I loved that bob but I'm ready for this now and not to be dying it anymore." DON'T MISS...Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [INTERVIEW]Natasha Raskin Sharp's 'guilty' admission with husband she met at BBC [LATEST]Betty White warned 'not to address' Queen despite royal invitation [INTERVIEW]  She also spoke of her hopes for a full grey bob in the future, but admitted she will turn back to the dye if she doesn't like it. Dawn added: "If I get to the point - it'll take a while to grow - if we get there and I don't like it, guess what?" "We're going to dye it!" she exclaimed as Zoe cheered. And a fresh look warrants a fresh project, as she returns to live comedy this year with her new one-woman show. But the title, she admitted, is a little controversial. "It’s called Dawn French Is A Huge T**t," she chuckled, "I don’t know if that’s even printable, but I wanted to call it that because it’s true! "It’s an evening of me telling stories of times when I’ve been a bit of an idiot, where I’ve misunderstood or misheard something, or got something hideously wrong during my career. "I’ll show people all these moments – when I’ve sent emails to people who really shouldn’t have seen them, for example – and how they played out in real life." Read the full interview with Dawn French in the April 2022 issue of Good Housekeeping, on sale the 24th of February. It is available in all supermarkets and online at MagsDirect.