Russia and Ukraine are large global wheat suppliers, accounting for a combined 29 percent of global exports, the bulk of which go through ports in the Black Sea. Much of that is exported to the Middle East and North Africa, with Turkey alone accounting for more than one percent of Ukraine’s exports.  Ukraine is also one of the world’s top four corn exporters. It had been shipping around four-and-a-half million tons of it a month around the world, with recipients including China and the European Union. Russia and Ukraine also account for around 80 percent of global sunflower oil exports. A financial source told Express.co.uk the potential halting of exports presented a “real issue” for Turkey.  READ MORE: Putin ‘fantasy’ burst as Russian military facing ‘heavy’ casualties They described Ukraine as “the bread basket for Turkey, the Middle East and Egypt”. Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops into Ukraine in the early hours of this morning in a “special military operation”. Russian forces have entered the country through Belarus, Russian-backed separatist regions and Crimea, which it took in 2014. This morning, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy moved to close Ukraine’s ports as part of a series of emergency measures in response to the Russian threat.  Russia earlier ordered the Azov Sea be closed to the movement of commercial vessels until further notice. However, officials and industry sources said it had kept its ports on the Black Sea open. One European grain trader said: “The market is still struggling to get a clear picture of the actual military situation on the ground. “The ports in the Azov and Black Sea so far seem not to have been damaged according to the initial shipping agency reports.”  DON'T MISS Terrifying meaning behind Z emblazoned on Russian tanks [INSIGHT] Have your say: Should UK armed forces join EU's for combined response? [POLL] Russia planes engage Ukrainian air force in battle over Kiev - VIDEO [REPORT] They added the market was looking out for declarations of force majeure, meaning suppliers would not be able to fulfil their contractual obligations because of the circumstances. Shipping group Maersk said it had halted all port calls in Ukraine until the end of February. There are currently 17 cargo ships docked in Ukrainian ports. According to United Nations data, Ukraine exports nearly three percent of its corn and soybeans to Turkey.  It also exports almost 29 percent of its semi-finished iron, and over 22 percent of its hot-rolled iron. The potential for shortages comes as Turkey is suffering a massive surge in inflation which has worsened the cost of living in the country. According to Turkish Government data released earlier this month, inflation rose to 48.7 percent, up from 14.9 percent a year ago.  The financial source said that inflation “will hit hard and could see more migration” as a long-term effect. Ukraine had asked Turkey earlier today to close the Bosphorus and Dardanelles straits to Russian ships. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said he backed Ukraine's territorial integrity and was “sincerely saddened” by Russia’s actions, but made no response to Kiev’s request. 