The Kremlin issued a fierce warning to Sweden and Finland over the weekend as talks of potential NATO membership resurfaced. The Scandinavian nations are reportedly considering joining the military alliance to protect against ongoing Russian aggression, particularly in light of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Maria Zakharova, the Russian Foreign Ministry’s spokeswoman, said on Friday: “Their accession to NATO can have detrimental consequences and face some military and political consequences.” NATO members are committed to defending one another from attack by other foreign powers. Ukraine is not a member of NATO, so Western powers are under no obligation to send troops into the fight against the Russian invasion. Sweden suffered its own fears over Russian intentions in 2018, albeit nothing compared to the scale of the current situation in Ukraine. Prince William visited Stockholm in January 2018, shortly after Putin had ramped up Russia’s military presence in the Baltic region. William sent a clear message to his Swedish counterparts in a speech, saying: “Tomorrow, we are looking forward to meeting representatives of Sweden’s armed forces. “There is a Swedish saying that I won’t attempt to say in Swedish but which translates in English something like, ‘It matters to you, too, when a neighbour’s wall is on fire’. READ MORE: Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base “Your security concerns are ours, and it is hugely important that we continue to work ever more closely together to reduce threats.” The Royal Family generally keep their political views hidden, something William admitted he found “frustrating at times” in a 2018 interview with GQ. He said: “I have written to ministers but purely to point them towards people I think they should see. “So a charity might ask me if I can help with someone and I can help get them access to the people in the Government. “There are issues I am interested in and I am happy to connect people to ministers.” William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge tweeted their support for Ukraine on Saturday. They wrote: “In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. “Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future.” Like Ukraine, Sweden is not a NATO member, and has chosen not to join the military alliance in 1949, instead declaring a security policy striving for non-alignment in peace and neutrality in war. They maintained this position through the Cold War. DON'T MISS:Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan row erupts after major rights award [EXPERT]Harry and Meghan's plan to 'outflank' Firm with 'real royals' move [LATEST] Stockholm has held political neutrality for some 200 years since it relies on both the United States and Russia for trade. The events of 2014, however, shifted the goalposts ever so slightly on this position. Sweden began to pour resources back into its military as Putin ramped up his hostile approach. Multiple incursions into Swedish territory were reported, with Russia believed to have been behind these, and the invasion of Crimea prompted renewed investment. An opinion poll conducted in Sweden in October 2014 found that for the first time, more Swedes were in favour of NATO membership (37 percent) than opposed (36 percent). Nonetheless, Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson sought to clarify last week that she still believes in Swedish neutrality. She told a press conference: “Sweden has been alliance-free for an extremely long time. It has served Sweden’s interests well.” She later added: “I want to be extremely clear. It is Sweden that itself and independently decides on our security policy line.” NATO, meanwhile, has moved to strengthen its eastern flank after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. British tanks arrived in Estonia over the weekend, with more than 1,000 soldiers and more equipment set to arrive shortly. Some 40,000 troops are being deployed by NATO countries to eastern member states amid fears they could next be targeted by Putin. Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO, warned on Friday that he fears Moscow’s ambitions are not “limited to Ukraine”. He said: “We are now making significant additional defensive deployments of forces to the eastern part of the alliance.”