Stacey Dooley, 34, has sparked rumours among fans about a possible engagement with partner Kevin Clifton. The presenter posted an Instagram snap of a dessert which was dress with the word “congratulations” last weekend. She had a caption which included waving emoji’s, but the star didn’t explain the story to her one million followers. She then continued with her story, including snaps of the house which she shares with Kevin. The star showed off her marble table and wooden furniture in her London home. READ MORE: ABBA star Björn Ulvaeus splits from wife Lena Kallersjo after 41 years She confirmed that the majority of her furniture was second hand when talking on her story yesterday. She said: “The majority of my furniture is second hand- there are SO many beautiful pieces already in circulation it seems bonkers to me to buy new unnecessarily. “The chandelier, both tables and sofas are all preloved. I'm in heaven.” Express.co.uk has contacted reps for both Stacey and Kevin. The pair met each other in 2018 when partnered up for Strictly Come Dancing. They ended up winning the show together. While their relationship was under wraps until the end of the show, they went public in 2019 and have also shared update from their home. They also sparked rumours about an engagement in December after Stacey was seeing wearing a ring on her ring finger. The photo urged speculation that they may be getting married. The star spoke to PA media last week, explaining that she didn’t feel as if marriage was something she needed. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis divides fans with plea over Ukraine news coverage [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares rare insight into friendship with Susanna Reid [INSIGHT]Halyna Hutchins' widow slams Alec Baldwin's 'absurd' claims on death [UPDATE] She said: “Of course, [marriage] works for some people but it’s not something that I need.” The star added she was keen to have kids one day but not any time soon. She said she wasn’t “desperate to get married.” “I’ve spoken very openly that yes, I would love a family one day, but there’s no rush, no pressure.” “Kev and I, we were pals for such a long time and I have such respect for him, he’s so established in his world and he’s just a real gent so we were friends. “And then you win together and you have Christmas and then January, you think, ‘Oh where is he? Oh, I liked hanging out with him.’ “So yeah, it was much later down the line for us. We were pals for a long time.”