Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse has posted to say the war between Russia and Ukraine has made her realise she could “never” be friends with people who she does not see eye to eye with over the issue. Her words came as one of her fellow Strictly stars sparked a fierce controversy over their views, while Motsi's parents-in-law are trapped in Ukraine as the death toll rises. Motsi’s husband Evgenij Voznyuk is Ukrainian and his parents remain in their native country, hiding out in bunkers amid Russia’s invasion. They are desperate to flee to Germany via the Polish border but have been unable to, and Motsi has put out concerning posts on social media revealing she has no idea how they will be able to escape. The “heartbroken” 40-year-old has limited contact with her in-laws, but explained she had been able to speak with them recently and they are still trying to leave Ukraine through its other neighbouring countries. Amidst the chaos, Motsi wrote on Instagram to say the horrifying situation has made her realise who her friends are, and who she simply could never welcome into her life due to their opinion on the conflict. “This situation also makes me how I could never, ever be friends with some people , friendly , politeness yes but never friends because we care about different things which is fine but also a reminder for me [heart emoji],” wrote Motsi, who shares a three-year-old daughter with Evgenij. Her words came as several of Motsi’s fellow Strictly stars have spoken out about the war, one sparking a brutal backlash. Former professional James Jordan tweeted taking aim at the Russian dancers who work on the BBC show, accusing them of being insensitive. "I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine But are still promoting themselves on social media - very disappointed,” he wrote. “They know who they are - not 1 post about it." A similar sentiment was shared by head judge Shirley Ballas, who wrote: "Dancers please, just for a few days show some sensitivity towards the suffering in Ukraine.. You don't need to promote yourselves, your shows, competitions and teaching every single day... “Your colleagues, students, competitors and their families are in the middle of a shocking war and need your support.. YOUR business can wait. Show some respect. We are one family.” Meanwhile, Ukrainian professional dancer Nikita Kuzmin spoke out begging his fans to spread awareness of the escalating situation. DONT' MISS: 'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton at SAGs (VIDEO) Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards (LATEST)Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit (UPDATE) “Keep sharing information about the severity of the INVASION so we can get more help,” he wrote on Instagram. “Don't stay silent – talk, discuss, post, donate, give accommodation, help with transport. This is not only Ukraine's fight. This is for the whole world. It's a fight for peace, for freedom,” he added. But Russian-born Kristina Rihanoff, who also used to work on the show, has sparked outrage with her remark that she did not “give a s*** about the war” which has already killed at least 240 people. She hit out at a Ukrainian journalist who said their mother was being forced to flee the country due to the invasion. “Why don’t you report about everyone who was abused in Ukraine by extreme nationalists for 8 yrs,” replied Kristina. “Prohibiting families to speak Russian language, terrorising peaceful Russian families which I know many who live in Ukraine.” After her comments were furiously criticised as “insensitive”, Kristina deleted her tweets and apologised. “It’s absolutely devastating for someone like me who’s grandad from Ukraine and I gave Ukrainian name to my daughter Milena,” (sic) she wrote. “My best friend is also from Ukraine. I grew up with knowledge that we were one nation and one country. I’m not into politics and hate politicians because THEY ALL LIE. Seeing the news is breaking my heart as I have Russian friends who live in UKRAINE and vice versa.”