Avril has finally returned from the ether as she has released her brand new album, Love Sux, her first record in three years. The Canadian star's triumphant comeback has thrilled her fans, but they have now also caught a glimpse of her life behind closed doors. She recently revealed in an interview that she keeps a collection of princess-like accessories. Apart from her music, Avril is extremely well known for her fashion sense. The star rocked the legendary tank top and business tie look for a decade before moving on to tutus and platform leather boots. Although the edgy singer likes to put her tomboyish persona forward, she has revealed she has a penchant for collecting tiaras. Avril revealed: "I collect tiaras and crowns, from all of my photoshoots and videos. I probably have 30." (Via Vogue) This isn't a massive shock considering one of Avril's most famous lyrics screams: "Hell yeah, I'm the motherf***ing princess." But she also has a deep love for the cutesy Japanese character Hello Kitty. She has even dedicated a portion of her house to the furry character. The 37-year-old said: "I have a Hello Kitty bedroom in my house. I have this huge pink couch that has all these Hello Kitty stuffed animals on it, from tours and from fans as gifts." READ MORE: Avril Lavigne slams previous albums - 'It was honestly a challenge' Avril revealed "the house was built around the bedroom". She continued: "It’s big and has a stripper pole. It’s a guest bedroom and everyone wants to stay in there. I also have a whole wall of Doc Martens, in every single colour." This change of fashion and style has been a semi-conscious one, the star also revealed. DON'T MISS...Avril Lavigne slams previous albums - 'It was honestly a challenge' [NEWS]Avril Lavigne 'heartbroken' by tour news - new dates announced [INFO]Avril Lavigne tattooed favourite foul-mouthed word on her body [INSIGHT] Avril explained: "If you look at me on the first album, I was really tomboyish, very baggy, not a lot of makeup. I have evolved. I’ve become a little more feminine over the years." She also noted how her latest album is still based around the same theme of heartbreak as her first album, Let Go. However, this time around, she is speaking from a different perspective. Avril revealed: "I wrote my first album when I was a teenager fresh out of high school. I was writing about young love. Now, I’m writing about my experience as a woman. But relationships and love don’t get any easier. It’s the same shit, different pile. Avril Lavigne - Love Sux is out now. SOURCE