Sharon Stone has taken to Instagram to announce a sad loss in the family. The Basic Instinct star revealed her beloved dog Joe has died. The 63-year-old shared an adorable throwback snap of her sitting at the bottom of a flight of stairs at home, with French Bulldog Joe next to her while she held up another puppy named Bandit and beamed. Speaking to her 2.9million followers, Sharon penned: “We lost Joe, the brindle, two weeks ago, just ready to share. It’s a process.” Supermodel Naomi Campbell commented: “Sending love to you @sharonstone RIP Joe”. Journalist Katie Couric wrote: “So sorry for your loss. Sending lots of love.” READ MORE: Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy shares rare insight into life with wife “I’m so sorry xx,” added Bruce Roberts. Later on, Sharon posted a prayer to her Instagram feed, before adding another update as her remaining dog Bandit adjusts to life without his brother. The pup looked to be in good spirits as he sat to a male companion in Sharon’s home, his head tilted inquisitively to one side. “Bandit is having a man to man,” Sharon joked alongside two laughing face emojis. It’s been a difficult time for Sharon, who has also been caring for her elderly mother Dorothy recently after she suffered from a stroke. After a hospital dash, Sharon updated fans and revealed she had been able to take Dorothy out for lunch. Posting a photo of the pair laughing together, Sharon wrote: “Took mom to lunch today. YES, YOUR KINDEST THOUGHTS & PRAYERS DID WORK. “89 years old, 5 strokes, heart attack, pace maker. Looking for a boyfriend.” DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she ignored Dan Walker's advice [ADMISSION] Helen Mirren, 76, shares ‘regret’ amid being chided over outfit choice [NEWS]Madonna, 63, flaunts ageless appearance in bizarre toilet snap [PICTURES] Ratched star Sharon compared herself to Princess Diana in a recent interview with Rake magazine. The star said she, like Diana, was hassled by adoring fans wherever she went, and it was overwhelming. She said she would need “an army of bodyguards” to help her escape from restaurants as they would get mobbed. Crowds would pull bumpers, license plates and rear view mirrors off of her car, sometimes even throwing themselves on to the car, she added. The actress would lie on the floor with her bodyguard on top of her, praying the roof would not cave in, she claimed. After her role as Catherine Trammell in Basic Instinct catapulted her to worldwide fame in 1993, Sharon has since revealed she kept the iconic white turtle-neck minidress she wore in the infamous interrogation scene. “It was zipped up in a garment bag on the set, and it has never been opened since," she said. "I broke the zipper, so it’s hermetically sealed like a piece of art or a very cool time capsule,” she continued, adding that she had it written into her contract that she would keep the costumes, because she was being paid significantly less than her male co-stars.