Manchester United are looking increasingly likely to miss out on Champions League football this season after their goalless draw with Watford on Saturday. That was a big setback for Ralf Rangnick’s team, who appear destined to be strutting their stuff in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League next term. But the club, for their part, believe they can repeat Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba transfer tricks. Manchester United have struggled in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired. And, despite the Red Devils landing the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo back in the summer, it’s been another frustrating campaign. After United’s goalless draw with Watford, Champions League football next term appears unlikely. While they sit fourth in the table for the time being, the likes of West Ham, Arsenal, Tottenham and Wolves are all loitering. And with United failing to convert their chances under Rangnick, it seems like they’ll be back in the Europa League or playing in the Conference League next time out. However, inside the club, they’re still optimistic about the future. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz ESPN recently reported that United are confident they can still attract marquee names amid links to the likes of Declan Rice, Harry Kane and Manuel Akanji. And that means they believe they can repeat the tricks of Di Maria and Pogba in recent years. Back in 2014, when Louis van Gaal took charge, the Red Devils had no European football to offer whatsoever. That was because they’d finished seventh in the table, with David Moyes losing his job after just 10 months with four matches to go. However, United then decided to go on a Galactico glut. Radamel Falcao arrived on loan, while the likes of Daley Blind, Ander Herrera, Luke Shaw and Morgan Schneiderlin touched down as well. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Di Maria, however, was the biggest addition of the lot. The Argentina international had dazzled for Real Madrid mere months previously, helping Los Blancos win the Champions League under Carlo Ancelotti. With Real sold on the signing of James Rodriguez from Monaco, however, Di Maria was given the green light to leave the club. And United were able to beat Paris Saint-Germain to the forward’s signature. Di Maria’s time at Old Trafford didn’t work out, with the player lasting just a year before finally moving to France. Yet it was proof that United, for all of their issues, were still capable of signing one of the best players in the world in their prime. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Then, they repeated the trick two years later. United, after missing out on the Champions League under Van Gaal, again went on a spree of signing big names. Zlatan Ibrahimovic arrived on a free transfer from PSG, with the icon later silencing his critics in the Premier League. Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Eric Bailly touched down from Borussia Dortmund and Villarreal respectively. But the club’s biggest deal - and the biggest deal in the whole of world football - was Pogba’s Hollywood homecoming. The France international was being linked with Real Madrid at the time, with the La Liga giants hopeful of snapping him up. However, United then won the race instead - paying a massive £89million to bring the midfielder back to the club. Pogba hasn’t always convinced in the time since, blowing hot and cold under Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick. Yet his signing, like with Di Maria in 2014, sent a big statement to the rest of the world. Now, with United confident about landing marquee names this time around, it’ll be interesting to see who they get. But one thing’s for sure. Don’t write off the Red Devils attracting top talent, despite the many issues currently going on behind the scenes.