 Susanna Reid chatted on Lorraine on Monday morning about her long list of Good Morning Britain co-hosts. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly, the presenter joked about not having a permanent replacement for Piers Morgan on the show. Piers famously left the programme in March 2021 following an on-air argument with Alex Beresford over his comments about Meghan Markle. Ever since, Susanna’s been joined on the early morning show by numerous different co-hosts and compared the alternating presenting line up to a dating app.    Susanna was on the programme to chat about how ITV daytime are celebrating International Women's Day on March 8. However, Lorraine soon turned the topic to Susanna’s impressive broadcasting career and was keen to know more about her work on Good Morning Britain. Lorraine joked: “When you are presenting right now it’s a little bit like speed-dating. There has been a fair few fellas.” “TV Tinder,” Susanna remarked, causing Lorraine to burst out laughing. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch  “It is TV Tinder! There’s been quite a few,” Lorraine added. Susanna went on to list some of her Good Morning Britain co-hosts including: Rob Rinder, Alastair Campbell, Bill Turnbull, Richard Madeley, Adil Ray, Richard Bacon, and Martin Lewis. She laughed: “Goodness me, where does it stop?” “I know, but do you quite like that?” Lorraine asked, with Susanna confirming: “I do.”    “It must be quite difficult though because you’ve got to have a really good rapport with someone,” Lorraine said. “You and Bill are brilliant,” she declared, before commenting on Susanna’s close friendship with Rob. “You and Rob Rinder know each other really well and you can tell, you know, you really can. “But, obviously you’ve been getting to know these guys so well over the years,” Lorraine commented. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on disruptive co-star [INSIGHT]‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life [WATCH]Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [MUST SEE]  Susanna replied: “Yes and as the late great Bruce Forsyth would say ‘They’re all my favourites.' “To me it’s important, the relationship. Whoever’s on screen, the relationship has to work. “So, they are all talented in their own ways and they’ve all got a wealth of experience, unique experience, to bring to the programme. “Again, it’s a privilege working with them all,” she enthused.    Lorraine said: “That’s exactly the right thing to say and it’s from the heart and I know it’s true. “Just keep doing what you’re doing, Susanna,” she added, encouraging her ITV co-star. Meanwhile, Susanna’s former co-host, Piers, is currently preparing for his new TalkTV show. The journalist is teaming up with his former boss and media mogul Rupert Murdoch to launch a global news programme. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. 