Eight-year-old Prince George attended his first-ever Wimbledon match last week. Despite the young royal notably being a little shy, he did appear to break one royal rule whilst seated in the royal box, alongside his parents. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed George's apparent rule break. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "Somebody shouted out to George about who he wanted to win [the match]. "He [George] appears to say he wanted Djokovic to win." It is well documented that in many areas, particularly politics, the royals have to hold a neutral stance, and it appears that their opinions at sports matches uphold the same rule. Mr Palmer added that, as royals, they "aren't supposed to really do that". READ MORE: 'Skeletons in the closet' Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week "Good practice, perhaps, for next time", said Ms Forsyth. Upon arriving at the match, the future king, who will celebrate his ninth birthday later this month, was overheard telling his father that he was “too hot” as temperatures in the UK soared. William was heard replying to his eldest son: “Oh you’re hot, are you?”. “It’s very warm today...It’ll be fine.” READ MORE: Archie Harrison's heart-melting names for parents Meghan Markle and Prince Harry George's mum Kate also told him to avoid sitting “in the bright sunshine”, adding that they are “often in the shade”. George is currently third in line to the throne and the elder brother of the Cambridges' other two children, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, 4. In recent months, he has been seen accompanying his parents on various royal engagements, sometimes along with his younger sister. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power' [VIDEO]Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL] Last month, George and Charlotte made a surprise visit to Wales with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as part of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It is the first time that the two children had made an official visit to Wales. In March, the two eldest Cambridge children joined their parents at Westminster Abbey to honour the life of the late Duke of Edinburgh. READ NEXT: