My Hero Academia season 6 is one of the most highly anticipated new anime runs this year. The new season of the hugely popular anime will adapt the much-loved Paranormal Liberation War from the manga. And fans don't have long to wait to see this celebrated part of the manga be transformed into an anime as the season 6 release date is just months away. My Hero Academia season 6 will be one of the big draws of the fall 2022 anime season, alongside other shows like Mob Psycho 100 season 3 and part 2 of Spy X Family. And all three of these shows will be airing in a jam-packed October. The October release date for My Hero Academia season 6 was confirmed towards the end of last year. In the run-up to the My Hero Academia season 6 release date, a new trailer has been revealed which shows MHA is about to take a dark turn. This new trailer was revealed ahead of Anime Expo 2022 as well as the HERO FES event taking place this month. And it's also been confirmed that at this event in Japan the first episode of season 6 of MHA will be showcased. This My Hero Academia event is an in-person event only, so anyone not based in Japan will have to rely on reviews from the event to get a flavour of what to expect from episode 1. If you're looking to catch up on My Hero Academia, or want to revisit any of your old favourite episodes, then you can watch all of the 113 instalments so far on Crunchyroll. Besides My Hero Academia season 6, there's another upcoming release that fans of the manga and anime can look forward to. A new My Hero Academia game is launching, My Hero Ultra Rumble, which is a 24 player battle royale game. My Hero Ultra Rumble will be coming to PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PCs with beta tests available for players to sign up to right now. Speaking about the beta, Bandai Namco said: "Pre-registration for the MY HERO ULTRA RUMBLE PS4 Closed Beta Test is now open! The closed beta heralds a new era of epic competition. Dive into the action, unleash your abilities and be the last team standing in this thrilling 24 player battle royale." They went on to add: "Survive the 24-Player Battle Royale. Use your "Quirks" and fight! Take on your role as an assault, support, or disruption character in battle, and make the most of your strengths while compensating for your teammates’ weakness. "The strengths of each character are completely different depending on his or her "Quirks”."