A suede sofa or armchair makes for a cosy addition to any living room, but the material has a particularly bad reputation for being difficult to maintain. However, proper care and attention will go a long way and by following the right steps, you should be able to rid the material from any dirt and grime while maintaining softness and its lavish appearance. Like with anything, regular upkeep is key to keeping your suede sofa in pristine condition all year round. Carrying out regular cleaning drills on it will prevent any dirt and dust from setting into the fabric too deeply, making it easier to clean generally. You can do this by simply tending to spillages quickly and running the hoover over it a few times a week to pick up any excess dirt, hair, and debris. Regularly flipping and rotating cushions can also work wonders to improve the appearance of your couch, as it’ll reduce the wear and tear targeting the same area. But for those needing to carry out a deep clean or remove a hardy stain, some effective methods work depending on conditions.  READ MORE: ‘It will disappear’ Free hack to remove yellow stains from white items  Before you start, it’s important to read the care instructions on the label to make sure you don’t apply any products or clean it in a certain way that might have an adverse effect. When all is clarified, you can get started. As a rule of thumb, it’s important to jump straight on a spillage as soon as it takes place but naturally, this isn’t always possible. In the instances you come across a dry stain, although it will be much harder to treat, there are still ways to effectively do it.  First, grab a suede eraser - you can pick these up cheaply in places like Amazon - and gently rub it over the stain. Next, brush off the stain using a suede brush to get rid of the residue. If this doesn’t quite work, Go Cleaners London suggests dipping a dry towel in some white vinegar and gently rubbing the area. Although it’s important to note, you should test any products you use on a small section to make sure they won’t leave any damage. Finally, rub the area again with a suede brush to finish. This will be slightly easier to clean as the spillage won’t have had time to set into the material as deeply.  DON'T MISS: 'Eliminate' streaks from outside windows with white vinegar wash [EXPLAINED]Can you use malt vinegar for cleaning? [ANALYSIS]How to clean a fan: 10-minute hack to banish dust [INSIGHT]    First, try to absorb as much of the liquid as possible with a dry towel or cloth by pressing, not rubbing. Once the area has dried, use a clean cloth doused in upholstery cleaner for suede, then use the brush to sweep over the area. However, Go London Cleaners warned: “Do not apply any stain removers when the suede is wet because this luxurious upholstery is extra sensitive to moisture and liquid can damage it”. So, make sure the area is fully dry before you start applying any products.  Grease stains, on the other hand, can be removed "in no time ”, according to Go London Cleaners. Interestingly enough, these can be lifted using talcum powder. Add a touch of powder to the stain to soak up the oil. Leave it to set for around an hour - you’ll know when it’s absorbed the oil because the colour and texture will change. Finally, like with all stains, use the suede brush again to get rid of the debris and there you have it, all suede stains should be removed. 