The WHO held a media briefing yesterday in which its director-general Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus revealed coronavirus was on the rise yet again. Many countries have opted to relax restrictions against the virus in recent months, including the UK.  However, Dr Ghebreyesus even claimed deaths were "unacceptably high". He said: "I am concerned that cases of COVID-19 continue to rise - putting further pressure on stretched health systems and health workers - and deaths are unacceptably high." Ghebreyesus added: "The virus is running freely and countries are not effectively managing the disease burden based on their capacity, in terms of both hospitalisation for acute cases and the expanding number of people with the post-COVID-19 condition - often referred to as long-COVID." Twitter users took to social media to voice their concerns about the notable rise. JUST IN: EU plunged into chaos as Germans accused of blocking Ukraine aid deal User @mzkhalil said: "Omicron subvariant is hitting humans at all ages, viciously!" Another user, operating under the handle @WhoWeAreNowUSA, added: "In fact, it is 'running freely'. "Have we learned NOTHING since March 2020?!" The news comes after ambulance trusts across England were yesterday put on the highest alert and headteachers warned there could be major disruptions in schools due to the return of COVID-19. Infections across Britain were estimated to have reached 2.7million in the most recent week. Health Minister Lord Kamall also warned coronavirus cases could lead to the reintroduction of Covid restrictions. The ex-Tory MEP told peers: "If it gets to a point where it is affecting the backlog then clearly measures may well have to be introduced." He added: "We continue to see COVID-19 case rates and hospitalisations rising in all age groups, with the largest increases in hospitalisations and ICU admissions in those aged 75 and older. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians [ANALYSIS]Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [INSIGHT]How Russia's forces stack up against the UK's Army, RAF and Navy [REPORT] "The largest proportion of those hospitalised are for reasons other than COVID, however, COVID is identified due to the increasing case rates in the community and the high rate of testing in hospitals, including among those with no respiratory systems. "Current data does not point to cases becoming more severe."