Even as the Daily Express reported on Saturday the pledges of travel bosses to solve the problems that have bedevilled air travellers for months, there was a new litany of delays and cancellations. Long security queues and yet more baggage chaos were added to by strike action across Europe and by a technical fault in Heathrow’s fuel system which meant that outbound planes were unable to take off. With fewer than three weeks now until schools break up and the peak summer season is on us, it doesn’t bode well. The fast-tracking of security checks on new airport workers should boost crucial staff numbers; Transport Secretary Grant Shapps’s 22-point plan to tackle aviation disruption should also help. But the time to get things right is fast running out and more excuses won’t wash. The boom in demand for travel as soon as Covid restrictions were lifted, and the need for workers to cope with that demand, was always predictable. The travel industry must come good on its promises. People have waited too long for a precious getaway to have their holiday dreams shattered now.  Anyone who has tried to book a doctor’s appointment recently will tell you the General Practitioners system – a key pillar of the NHS – is in crisis. A chronic shortage of colleagues has left many GPs struggling to cope with their growing lists of patients, and more than two-thirds say they don’t have time during appointments to adequately assess and treat the patients that they do see. An already dire situation is in danger of becoming very much worse when more than four in 10 GPs say they are planning to quit the profession in the next five years – a truly shocking prospect. As 3,810 GPs have warned in a letter, Health Secretary Sajid Javid needs not only to recruit thousands of new doctors but to come up with a strategy to retain the GPs we already have. And he has to do it before nany planned treatment for the NHS becomes an emergency operation.  Who would begrudge the Queen the rewriting of her “job description” by Buckingham Palace, aimed at reducing her “must fulfil” duties? It’s high time Her Majesty took a well deserved back seat while other Royals take on more of the heavy lifting. It will do nothing to lessen our respect for the Head of the Nation as she continues to inspire unity and our national identity. 