Lewis Hamilton stole Lando Norris’ hat in front of fans in a comical moment between the pair just an hour before the British Grand Prix. Norris had donned a Union Jack bucket hat while conducting interviews in front of fans at Luffield as Hamilton was passing on a tour of the track.  The seven-time champion hopped off his vinatge car and sneaked up on Norris in an attempt to grab the hat. Norris jokingly tried to defend himself but Hamilton managed to take it off him in a hilarious exchange. Hamilton pulled Norris in for an embrace with the pair seen laughing ecstatically. Hamilton handed the hat back to Norris, giggling: “It looks good on you mate.” Norris replied moments later: “He’s jealous, He’s jealous of the bucket hat. He does it my kind of style.” READ MORE: George Russell fires warning to Lewis Hamilton ahead of British GP   As Hamilton walked off the crowd cheered, leaving Sky Sports Natlie Pinkham to ask whether they were cheering for the Mercedes driver or Norris. But, the McLaren driver clarified it moments later, joking that all the support was for him. He said: “No they’re cheering me, they know it really. Especially all the yellow. The people with the yellow bucket hats. And all the orange as well it's good to see so much papaya here so thank you very much. Norris even claimed he was aiming to win the race despite starting in sixth. Hamilton was in high spirits ahead of his home Grand Prix as he continued to wave at the crowd. The Mercedes star can enter the record books this afternoon if he wins the race or finishes on the podium. The seven-time champion can break his own record of eight British GP wins and could become the first driver in F1 history to secure 13 podiums at the same venue. DON'T MISSMercedes admit they could steal Red Bull car designs to help Hamilton  [INSIGHT]Verstappen hits out at press when comparing his and Hamilton's boos [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton scolds British GP fans for treatment of Max Verstappen [COMMENT]   It’s a feat Hamilton has refused to write-off, claiming the team could challenge for a podium ahead of the race. He said: “We’re going to try and change that P5 to something better. “We have got to be realistic, the car’s we are fighting ahead are a little bit more competitive than us. But we are hoping today we can at least keep with them and try and do something through strategy. “I'm going for at least a podium so we’re giving everything.” 