Martin Roberts, 59, shared his dismay after the property expert spotted something very wrong with his dinner last night. Taking to Twitter today, the Homes Under The Hammer presenter could not resist sharing his blunder as the presenter admitted he feared for his life. The BBC favourite took to the micro-blogging site and shared a photo of a taco seasoning kit that had a best before date of April 11, 2013. Martin captioned the post: "I’m a bit worried. Just realised the taco seasoning I used tonight was a bit past its ‘Best Before’ date." He then quizzed: "Should I be concerned? Hell of a way to die after all I’ve been through." The BBC star explained he had found the seasoning in an old caravan before taking a cheeky jibe at his wife Kirsty Roberts. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson's girlfriend Lisa showcases flexibility in bikini Martin's fans flocked to comment on the post, as they reacted to his mistake. Twitter user, @MooandDrew joked: "Hope you didn't find the packet in one of those old houses you visit?" Martin quipped: "Nope. In my caravan. Possibly a trap set by the wife." Twitter user, @Jimmywin wrote: "I don’t believe in spices going off!"  Martin replied: "So why do they print a date. Like on water? 2000 years filtering through rock and it goes off?" @lrh010 penned: "Best before ignore. Use by comply." The BBC presenter responded: "Really? What's the difference?" @Nickywolko commented: "You have proved you are made of strong stuff so you will be fine it’s best before date not use by." DON'T MISS... Charlie Dimmock addresses decade-long absence from TV[LATEST]Liz Hurley, 57, turns heads in plunging floral dress at Goodwood[PICTURES]Cat Deeley, 45, stuns in tiny pink bikini for poolside LA snaps[INSTAGRAM] Martin joked: "Can I call if I get sick?" It comes after the Homes Under The Hammer star was rushed to hospital with chest pains in April, where he underwent life-saving surgery to remove fluid that was constricting his heart. Recalling the moment he watched doctors plunge an "eight inch needle" into his chest, he said: "It's the nearest thing to not being here that has ever happened to me." He told OK! magazine: "In my case, it turns to something called a cardiac tamponade, which is where it fills rapidly and starts strangling the heart. And that's... that's the killer. It can result in death. "I watched as they drew out syringe after syringe after syringe of this liquid. I was awake for this, but I was a bit woozy. There was a tube that went in through my chest cavity, down into the sack around my heart." He was discharged a week later but had to undergo regular check ups after "residual problems" were picked up on an MRI scan. Last year he was hospitalised with a potentially "serious" infection – leaving him briefly bed-bound and attached to a drip. The presenter rushed himself to A&E as a recurring infection returned and spread from one part of his body to the other. He explained online that he was suffering from cellulitis – a painful skin infection.