The Conservatives have been plunged into chaotic in-fighting as MPs tussle for future control of the party. Backbench Conservative MPs who want to force the Prime Minister out of office will step up their efforts today as they seek to lobby colleagues ahead of important internal party elections due to take place next week. Critics of Mr Johnson are hoping to get rebels elected to the executive of the Conservative Party's important 1922 committee's executive. The group determines leadership election rules and has the power to force a new confidence vote against the Prime Minister. Rules set by the 1922 committee currently mean a new confidence vote cannot be held against their party leader until 12 months after the last one. They would mean Mr Johnson would be safe in his job until at least next June. READ MORE: Tory MP SUSPENDED by Boris after PM hit with latest assault claim However, many backbenchers want to change the rules to allow a vote to take place much sooner, with rebels hoping for a second vote before the end of July. Those seeking to end the Prime Minister's political career have quietly been coordinating their plans since the loss of the two by-elections on June 223 and are now ready to rally Tory MPs for support. One MP told Express.co.uk last week: "We are just finalising the slate. "Once we've got the slate in place we can focus on winning the places on the committee." MPs Steve Baker and Andrew Bridgen have already said they are considering standing. No10 is looking at how to fight off the plot, with supporters of Mr Johnson set to field their own candidates for the elections. DON'T MISS:Conservative's real problem is not Boris Johnson, says PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT]Boris ruthlessly taunts Tory plotters as rebels mocked as bottle-jobs [REACTION]PM 'must resign' if found to have knowingly misled the Commons [WATCH] Another audacious plan under consideration would see the leader remove the whip from rebels looking to stand in the 1922 committee contest, making them ineligible for election. "I've already been told they're looking to remove the whip from me," one rebel told this website. "They want any excuse to kick me out right now." There has been renewed pressure on the Prime Minister following the emergence of allegations of groping against former deputy chief whip Chris Pincher. Claims were first made public last Thursday evening, with Mr Pincher tendering his resignation from Government that night. MPs were furious it took Mr Johnson another 24 hours before removing the whip from the Tamworth representative to suspend him from the parliamentary party. It has been suggested over the weekend that the Prime Minister has been aware of the allegations for months but failed to take action. Rejecting the reports this morning, junior minister Will Quince insisted his party leader was unaware of any specific allegations against Mr Pincher. "I have been given categorical assurance that the Prime Minister was not aware of any serious specific allegation with regards to the former deputy chief whip," he said. "I think these cases are hard because, like any professional organisation, you can't act on rumour or gossip. "As you know, in Westminster there is a lot of rumour or gossip. "It's why it's also so important that when people do witness something which is clearly appalling, well below the standard behaviour we should rightly expect from members of parliament and those who work on the parliamentary estate that it's reported, and we encourage everybody to come forward and whether it's the police or the parliamentary authorities, so action can be taken like it was in this case."