Myka Meier, an etiquette expert, told Us Weekly that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are “not actually undergoing any etiquette training” but relying on their parents to teach them how to behave appropriately as a royal. Ms Meier claimed the three children are “showing respect” on their royal visits and seem to be taking well to life in the spotlight. She added that the children seem under “no pressure to be something they are not”, which might be helping them acclimatise to the extraordinary life into which they have been born.    Ms Meier said: “Certain times, it has actually been said and known that the children are not actually undergoing etiquette training. “The Duchess of Cambridge is actually teaching them herself. So, kind of how it works internally, as they are preparing to go and meet somebody or get off an airplane, then really the Duchess she has been doing a wonderful job of teaching the children, saying ‘Now, we are going to meet this person’ and ‘This is what you do’, ‘this is how you curtsy’. “And what I love is that it does not seem like there is any pressure to be something they are not. “These are just beautiful little children and they are showing respect and doing it in the best way the Duchess and the Duke know to teach them.”    George, Charlotte, and Louis attended a variety of events for the Platinum Jubilee at the start of June. While they have all spent considerable time in the public eye, this was the most intense and extensive set of official events in which the children have partaken. They were all present at Trooping the Colour on the first day of the celebrations and were pictured on the balcony as children of a direct descendant to the throne. Only working royals, namely the Queen, Prince Charles, and Camilla, as well as the Cambridges were present on the balcony. READ MORE: Kate lets slip Prince George's sweet summer holiday job [REVEAL]   On the Saturday of the Jubilee, the family spent the day touring Cardiff, before coming back to London to attend the Party at the Palace. While there were some minor hiccups, with Prince Louis pictured screaming with his fingers in his ears during the flyover, the children were praised for their good behaviour throughout the weekend. Princess Charlotte was filmed briefly directing an orchestra in Cardiff, a video that went viral on social media. And the three were lovingly pictured in a horse-drawn carriage during the first day of celebrations waving to the crowd. DON'T MISS: George, Charlotte and Louis stun Londoner with impeccable manners [INSIGHT] Prince George found out he would be king after William's plot [REVEAL] Princess Charlotte sends fans into meltdown in unseen Jubilee clip [REPORT]   They are expected to join the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on future world tours as well, with one royal expert claiming they would be visiting Australia. Speaking on last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, said: “When we might see a bigger tour… I definitely think we will see a tour of Australia early next year. And they’ve got to take the children. “They didn’t go during the Platinum Jubilee year and there’s definitely a republican sentiment growing in Australia; they’ve just appointed a junior minister for the republic. “I think this is something that the Cambridges will need to do. And whenever the school holidays are at Easter time, I imagine they will be getting on a plane.” READ NEXT: Kate and William give their kids 'opportunity' to be 'more resilient'What kind of King will Prince George be according to astrology?Princess Charlotte 'knows her own mind' and doesn't look to GeorgeKate Middleton news: How Kate struggles at family mealtimesDouble celebration for Kate! Duchess marks two milestones TODAY 