In September 2020, a few months after their royal exit, Prince Harry and Meghan signed a multi-million pound deal with the streaming service. It has since been reported that the Sussexes are filming an "at-home" docuseries, but the couple are yet to produce any content as part of their lucrative deal. Speaking on a recent episode of Palace Confidential, royal correspondent Rebecca English discussed the "pressure" that the couple are potentially under as Netlix are wanting their "pound of flesh". Ms English said: "The showbix side of their life, in the US, have been saying, this week, that Netflix are putting pressure on them to come out with this docu-series. by the end of the year. "[to] tie in with Harry's memoirs, which are due to be published before the year's out." She added that the streaming service obviously want their "pound of flesh". She continued: "[they] will want to film as much, up to the minute, footage as they can." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare as Sussexes plot next move Ms English added: "I just feel, kind of, sorry for the Queen in all of this. "The thought of, even with the Bower book, more of this being revisited, the thought of the docu-series later this year, [and] Harry's memoirs. "I mean, she's 96-years-old, she's on her own now, she's lost her husband, her health is not what it was, I mean, you know, I don't want to put the frightens on anyone but we have seen it decline a lot in the last six to eight months." She added that this is "the last thing" she needs. READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned against suing Tom Bower over bombshell book 'Best she doesn't' Earlier this year, it was announced a Netflix animated series titled Pearl, that Meghan had been working on, had been cancelled. The show, which was announced last year, was one of several projects being dropped by the streaming service. The animation was due to show the adventures of a 12-year-old girl being inspired by leading women throughout history. The reason for the axe is cutbacks made by the streaming platform. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] The second project set to be released by the couple is a documentary titled Heart of Invictus. The documentary will follow various competitors from around the globe as they prepared for this year's Games. The couple were in The Hague earlier this year for the 2022 Invictus games and reportedly had a Netflix filming crew in tow. The project is due to be released later this year. READ NEXT: