The Duke of Sussex caused a stir among royal fans with a 15-minute keynote address to the United Nations General Assembly on Nelson Mandela International Day on Monday in New York. Royal expert and author of Finding Freedom, Omid Scobie commented on this latest appearance of Harry, and praised him saying he has created a “life of purpose”. Scobie pointed out that the Prince achieved all this “without a penny from the British taxpayer”. It comes more than two years after Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from senior members of the Royal Family and moved to the US, stating that they intend to become financially independent. With a post on Twitter, Scobie said: “Two years on—and without a penny from the British taxpayer—Prince Harry has created the life of purpose and meaning he has long dreamed about. “A life he couldn’t have achieved if he remained a working member of The Firm.” The comment accompanied an article by Scobie, in which he suggests that the Prince is “opening up a world of potential” to which he didn’t have access while he was a working member of the Royal Family.  In the UN General Assembly hall, Harry spoke about seeking insight from the late Nelson Mandela urging countries to take action on climate change.  Accompanied by the Duchess of Sussex, the couple held hands as they walked into UN headquarters.  During his speech, Harry warned about the impact of climate change on Africa and the world.      He said: “This crisis will only grow worse, unless our leaders lead, unless the countries represented by the seats in this hallowed hall make the decisions - the daring, transformative decisions - our world needs to save humanity.” Harry also spoke about a 1997 photo taken in Capetown of Mandela and his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, which he said hangs on his wall. He noted: “When I first looked at the photo, straight away, what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face. The playfulness, cheekiness even, pure delight to be in communion with another soul, so committed to serving humanity.” Harry described Africa as a “lifeline,” saying: “It's where I felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I found a soulmate in my wife.”