Every year since his death on August 16, 1977, Elvis Presley’s home of Graceland holds Elvis Week in his memory. Now 2022 marks a very special year following the release of Baz Luhrmann’s biopic and what will be 45 years since the singer’s untimely death at just 42. Elvis Week 2022 will take place at Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee from August 9-16 with virtual tickets available for fans around the world. Highlights this year will include a Gospel Concert, Ultimate Elvis Tribute Artist Contests and Elvis in Concert on the big screen. The week-long celebration will be live-streamed in pristine HD with soundboard audio, with all shows featuring a re-watch on-demand option for 7 days afterwards. There are three Virtual Elvis Week Pass options available: The Elvis Super Fan Pass at $225 and The Elvis Tribute Artist Pass and The Elvis Legacy Passat $130 each. Graceland shared: “The Elvis Super Fan Pass is the premium offering and was created for the ultimate Elvis Fan who doesn’t want to miss a thing. It includes eight Elvis Week shows happening live at the Graceland Soundstage on Aug 9-16, plus a special pre-recorded Virtual Tour of Graceland Mansion hosted by Angie Marchese, Graceland’s VP of Archives. Events include all four nights of Elvis tribute artists events, including the Semifinal and Final Rounds of competition, The Ultimate Return, and Cody Ray Slaughter: One Night Only; PLUS All the King's Men, showcasing those who shared the studio and stage with Elvis; The Gospel Music of Elvis Presley Dinner Show, where fans can enjoy Elvis' gospel favorites; Elvis in Concert featuring an amazing on-screen performance by Elvis himself, backed on stage by a live band with special guest appearances by Priscilla Presley, TCB Band members James Burton, Glen Hardin, and Jerry Scheff; and two rounds of Conversations on Elvis, including special guests Barbara Eden and Jerry Schilling among many others.” READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley on ‘emotional, incredible’ time at Elvis Graceland premiere Graceland added: “The Elvis Tribute Artist Pass features access to the four marquee Elvis tribute artist shows on August 9-12 as they premiere: the Ultimate Elvis Tribute Artist Contest Semifinal and Final Rounds, Cody Ray Slaughter: One Night Only Concert, and The Ultimate Return. It includes more than 20 of the very best Elvis tribute artists in the world in four shows live from Graceland.“The Elvis Legacy Pass features access to four marquee Elvis Week events as they premiere on August 13-16: All the King's Men, The Gospel Music of Elvis Presley Dinner Show, Elvis Presley in Concert, and Conversations on Elvis.” DON'T MISSElvis: Priscilla slams Colonel Parker horror stories 'He was caring' [PRISCILLA]Elvis: The devastating real reason The King turned down A Star Is Born [A STAR IS BORN]Lisa Marie Presley has ‘my first smile in two years’ with Elvis star [LISA MARIE] As is the case each year, Graceland will live stream the annual Candlelight Vigil at Elvis’ grave in the Meditation Garden on the evening of August 15 for free, here. For more information on Virtual Elvis Week 2022 and the opportunity to pre-order an exclusive t-shirt, click here.