It's an age-old fact that people wanting to shed a few pounds should stop snacking, but when the hunger bug bites there is sometimes a lack of willpower. But Dr Michael Mosley revealed there is one food group in particular that could reduce hunger and therefore eliminate the need to snack. And it's quite a surprising one. Dairy products can help curb snacking and, consequently, contribute to weight loss. Dr Mosley explained: “Full fat milk and yoghurt is encouraged. "To people’s great surprise, including me, there have been a large number of recent studies demonstrating that full-fat milk drinkers not only tend to be slimmer than those on lower-fat varieties. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "They also have a lower risk of metabolic syndrome – or raised blood pressure, elevated blood sugars and raised levels of fats in the blood that can increase your risk of heart disease." He added: "The likely explanation, according to studies, is that consuming high-fat dairy products keeps you fuller for longer, reducing the lure of sugary snacks." According to Healthline, full-fat milk may also protect against type 2 diabetes and improve reproductive health for women, but more research is needed. Going for full-fat dairy is not only not bad for your health, it comes with a whole host of other benefits. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dietician Pam Nisevich Bede explained: "You’re not doing yourself any health favours with low or fat-free. "Just pay attention to portion sizes." Full-fat has been found to make people feel full so they're not snacking on empty calories later in the day. It also allows for certain nutrient absorption, such as vitamins A, D, E, and K. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Dairy is also an excellent source of protein, to help muscles recover, and calcium, phosphorous, and vitamin D to help strengthen bones. Dr Mosley revealed another way to feel fuller for longer is to stay hydrated. He continued: “Drinking plenty of water can keep the hunger at bay. “You can also try adding fresh ginger, a slice of fresh lemon or lime to hot water or to sparkling water. “Black coffee and tea are fine to have during your fasting hours.” Exercise is just as important as diet and this too can “prevent cravings from taking over”.