Alina (played by Ruxandra Porojnicu) was last seen on Coronation Street in September as her affair with Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) came to a heartbreaking end. Not only did she suffer a miscarriage, she told her lover she was pregnant again before she left the ITV soap, only for her to change her mind last minute and she told him it was a cruel trick. He hasn't heard from her since but as she was mentioned in Wednesday night's episode, it could be she is going to cause carnage on Fiz's (Jennie McAlpine) wedding to Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna). The drama picked up from Monday's episode where Tyrone told Fiz he still loved her and begged her not to marry Phill later this week. She had some time to think about, especially with her husband-to-be's ex-wife turning up and the mother-in-law from hell causing trouble. However, she arrived at the garage in the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama to tell the mechanic her decision. As she asked her former lover to look after their children so she could go out on her hen night, he said: "You're still going ahead with it?" "Nothing's changed. I'm still marrying Phill," Fiz stated, with Tyrone asking her: "What? We don't get to talk about it?" READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Fiz replied: "I need you to understand that I will always love you but I cannot be with you. I can't open myself up to that pain again." "What? So you would rather marry someone you don't love?" Tyrone remarked with Fiz telling him she did love her future husband. "But it's not what we have, is it? Our kind of love is magic, it's once in a lifetime," a desperate Tyrone told his former lover. The bride-to-be wasn't having any of it as she said: "It was once in a lifetime and that was our once and you broke it. "You broke me and I've tried to spend every day since trying to build myself back up." "I love you so much, Tyrone, but I don't love you with my heart. I can't have it broken like that again, I barely coped the first time," she continued. With his affair with Alina brought into the conversation, Tyrone added: "You're right, it was all my fault but I would do anything to prove I love you." "Then let me go. If you love me, let me go," Fiz replied, with the mechanic finally accepting her decision and his defeat. Tyrone proceeded to apologise for his affair, something he would rather forget than ever remember as it destroyed his relationship. However, he might be about to get a permanent reminder of what he did as the mention of Alina could mean she is coming back. DON'T MISS...Katie McGlynn details ‘bittersweet’ moment she landed Corrie role [COMMENT]Alan Halsall weight loss: Secrets behind Corrie star's transformation [ANALYSIS]Sally Carman posts sexy swimsuit snap after battling illness [PICTURES] In her last scene, before she left the show last year, the character was seen cradling her stomach as it was insinuated she had lied to Tyrone again. It was a very big hint she was pregnant and with it being 10 months since she made her exit, it would have been enough time for her to have the baby. Struggling with the child, however, she could decide to return to the cobbles so Tyrone can help her look after it together. With the wedding having gone ahead and with the reception in full swing, it could be Alina walks in, pushing a pram. Everyone would be shocked to see her, none more than Tyrone who thought he would never see her again, let alone he had fathered a child. Fiz would be furious, knowing full well this will have ruined her big day and Alina will have destroyed her happiness once again. Tyrone would be happy to see he had another child but he would be mind-blown to discover Alina wants to give their relationship another go. With Fiz now married to Phill and with there seemingly no chance of him getting back with his ex, Tyrone could agree to become a family. However, will he be able to move on from Fiz or will the arrival of a child not change his mind about wanting to reunite with the bride? The actor who plays Tyrone, Alan, has recently spoken out about the possibility of Alina making a return in the future. Alan explained in an interview with the press: "It’s a very clever thing that the writers did there, sending her off in that way. "It of course leads into maybe a future storyline. “But I think for right now, Tyrone’s thoughts are just all about Fiz, regardless of what comes knocking on his doorstep. "It’s all about Fiz. But for me as an actor, it would be a great storyline.” So will Alina rock up to cause more drama for the Stape/Dobbs family? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.