Novak Djokovic feels his relationship with Nick Kyrgios is far more improved since the Aussie supported him during the Australian Open debacle - but stopped short of agreeing with his Wimbledon final opponent's claim about the pair now having a "bromance". Djokovic and Kyrgios previously had a fiery and turbulent relationship on tour with both players taking shots at each other in the media.  At the height of the Covid pandemic, Kyrgios branded Djokovic's decision to host the Adria Tour, which was cancelled after a number of players testing positive for coronavirus, as "boneheaded". The war of words continued in the aftermath with Djokovic saying he has "no respect" for the Aussie. But things took a turn for the better between the pair when Kyrgios was one of only a few players to stand up for Djokovic earlier this year at the Australian Open. Djokovic was holed up in a detention centre while his visa debacle took a different twist seemingly every day. He was unceremoniously deported from the country just one day before the major was scheduled to start. Ever since then, the pair have built a healthier relationship away from the court and Kyrgios even admitted earlier on Friday that the pair have shared messages on social media while calling the friendship as a "bromance". JUST IN: 'Getting ready for Kyrgios' John McEnroe stunned by Novak Djokovic  "I felt like I was almost the only kind of player and someone to stand up for him with all that kind of drama at Australian Open. I feel like that's where respect is kind of earned," Kyrgios said. "Not on the tennis court, but I feel like when a real life crisis is happening and someone stands up for you... "We actually message each other on DMs in Instagram now and stuff. It's real weird. Actually, like, earlier in the week, he was like, Hopefully I'll see you Sunday."  Djokovic stopped short of agreeing on the "bromance" remark, but did admit that he holds a lot more respect for Kyrgios after standing up for him earlier this year. "I don't know if I can call it a bromance yet, but we definitely have a better relationship than what it was probably prior to January this year," Djokovic said. "But when it was really tough for me in Australia, he was one of the very few players that came out publicly and supported me and stood by me. "That's something I truly appreciate. So I respect him for that a lot."