Boris Johnson faced yet another bruising day in Downing Street yesterday after more than 40 MPs, including ex-Welsh Secretary Simon Hart, resigned from the Prime Minister's Government. Following an appearance at Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons, Mr Johnson answered questions from the powerful liaison committee of senior backbench MPs. Mr Johnson told MPs: "The best way to have a period of stability and Government and not to have early elections is to allow people with mandates to get on." When asked by Harwich & North Essex MP Sir Bernard Jenkin if he would consider calling a snap general election, the Prime Minister said: "I see absolutely no need whatever for an election." But Mr Johnson added: "The last thing this country needs is an election. "On the contrary, the risk is that people continue to focus on this type of thing and I think that is a mistake." He went on to "rule out" a snap poll and even claimed the earliest date for an election would be in "two years from now". JUST IN: 'Ridiculous!' Boris braces for 'humiliating' confidence vote defeat but PM battles on However, an ally to the Prime Minister suggested Mr Johnson could still call a snap general election to see off his opponents. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the supporter said: "Boris doesn’t look like a man on ropes. "He was indeed buoyant and upbeat at Liaison Committee. "I think he may go for a snap election. "Bernard Jenkin was very robust on wanting to rule it out in Committee. "People versus politicians just like in December 2019. Polls close. "Of course, it is risky but he may not have a choice." READ MORE: Brexit-backing Attorney General calls on Boris to quit and throws hat into leadership race After the Government introduced a law repealing the Fixed Term Parliaments Act, called the Dissolution and Calling of Parliament Act, the power to call a general election was returned to the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister would need to "request" the dissolution of Parliament and the right to hold an early election from the Queen. However, the so-called 'Lascelles Principles' set out how the British monarch can refuse such a request from the country's leading parliamentarian. Written in 1950, King George VI's Private Secretary Sir Alan 'Tommy' Lascelles said the Head of State could refuse an election if the existing Parliament was vital, viable and capable of doing its job, if a general election would be detrimental to the national economy or if the sovereign could rely on finding another Prime Minister who could govern for a reasonable period of time with a working majority in the House of Commons. Despite speculation of a snap election, a YouGov poll found 69 percent of Brits want Mr Johnson to step down, including 54 percent of 2019 Conservative voters. The polling company also gives Sir Keir Starmer's Labour Party a three-point lead over the Conservatives. If such a gap was emulated at the ballot box, Mr Johnson would likely be booted out of Number 10 by the British people and Mr Starmer would possibly even turn to the Liberal Democrats and Scottish National Party to prop up a Labour administration in Number 10. DON'T MISS:Who YOU think should replace Boris Johnson as majority want him OUT [GET INVOLVED]Boris Johnson gives huge hint he's ready for snap ELECTION [INSIGHT]It's like MPs have suddenly discovered integrity, what took so long? [COMMENT]