Outstripping the Beatles' Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, ABBA's Gold and other masterpieces, a copy of the collection featuring We Will Rock You and Another One Bites The Dust resides in one in four British homes. It is a staggering achievement. Especially as their star, Freddie Mercury, has been gone for almost 31 years. It got me thinking. As did the words "Allo, Grandad", as I crossed the VIP bar at the London Palladium last weekend, following the tour finale by the Who's Roger Daltrey. The dude who moments earlier had dominated the stage with the verve of a 20-something reached up to peck the cheek of his Gothic granddaughter. He hoped he'd die before he got old. He is pushing 80. Still out there. Still doing it. There's a reason why wrinkly rockers - the Stones, McCartney, Springsteen and the rest - are still touring, scoring, flooring Millennials and Gen Zs alongside fans who have followed them since the start. It's because we don't make 'em anymore. There being no modern equivalent, and because no one has ever emerged to eclipse them, geriatric rock gods remain the yardstick. Don't give me Ed Sheeran or Adele. We'll be bleating, "Whatever happened to..?" in 20 years' time. Our modern tendency to live in the future affords us the educated guess. We know already who will still be big and who will be dust. Millions of kids revere classic rock songs as historical artefacts. Which they are, given that many inherit the record collections of their parents and grandparents. Immune to terrestrial radio - unlike we who followed DJs John Peel, Kid Jensen and their successors as our primary sources of knowledge about new bands - the young find and consume music in other ways. TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and Facebook dominate. No one needs a record deal anymore. Kids in bedrooms make albums, create radio stations and build playlists without help from the "professionals". The result is drive-thru music: pull up, order, pay, scoff, dispose. Now that fans can select specific songs to stream or download, and no longer have to invest in whole albums, they are less likely to become part of a band's tribe. There is so much music today, it's impossible to keep up with it all anyway. The 1960s, 70s and 80s were a cosier realm. There was a defined soundtrack. Time has conferred upon those decades an indelible cultural significance. We had negligible technology. Music itself was our internet. It was where we found solace, answers and our own internal voices. Turned on by its raw, carnal energy, we worshipped its creators. But modern fandom is about music, not rock stars and hedonistic lifestyles. If Drake, Taylor Swift or Billie Eilish trashed a hotel room, chucked a TV through a window or drove a Roller into a pool, their fans would not revere them for it. They would be more inclined to ridicule them and move on. It boils down to authenticity. You don't get more authentic than the originals. Thus, those left acquire sacred status. They are the dinosaurs in the zoo. Creatures who defy biology, gravity and category. As such, they are the ultimate paradox: extinct, yet rocking on. When Keith Richards breathes his last on stage, as he has long threatened to do, I want to be there. I know that Freddie Mercury would approve. That was me out there on the pitch in Brighton last week in the England v Spain UEFA Women's Euro quarter-final. Flying forward with style and focus. Relaxing into it. Believing in myself. Precision in the passwork. Lovely feet, intense, manicuremunching moments. Doing a Bobby Charlton six minutes into extra time. I wish! I grew up in a household immersed in football. My father's family produced The Jones Boys: five brothers and three of their sons who rose from the coalmines of the Welsh valleys to play First Division football in England. My grandfather Emlyn turned out for Everton. Uncle Cliff was part of the Spurs team who made history with the glorious Double, becoming, in 1960-61, the first in that century to take the League and the FA Cup. Dad was a marginal pro, injured out of the game at 24, who reinvented himself as a journalist and became Fleet Street's Voice of Sport. I had longed to follow in his footsteps, skipping out in size three boots to a thunderous roar. But no such opportunities for girls back then. The world is their flaming oyster now. Two games to go. The championship beckons. Keep growling, Lionesses. Whisper it... Coming home? Having maintained a clean driving licence for 30+ years, I recently incurred a fine, three points and a Speed Awareness course for two offences - driving at 21mph and 24mph in a neighbourhood in which I'd resided for 21 years. I believed the road in question to have a limit of 30mph. They changed it overnight. Nobody told me. Last week I earned a parking ticket for pulling up outside my front door, leaving it open while I unloaded heavy bags from the car. I also fell foul of the law in London's Congestion Charging zone for daring to cross the line on a Sunday. It's a seven-daya-week restriction now. I am a Churchwarden at St Bride's, the "Journalists' Church" on Fleet Street. Our congregation - many of them former newspaper journalists and executives - live outside the zone and travel in to attend our services. Despite lobbying the Mayor and the House of Lords, no exemption for City worshippers on Sundays has been granted. OK, they adjusted the start time to noon, but we're still in church then, meaning we have to cough up on the way out! The Mayor of London earns handsomely from our Grade I-listed Sir Christopher Wren church, a major tourist attraction. If we lose our congregation, it could close and fall into disrepair. Bleeding the little guy dry is the name of the game these days, isn't it. Time to take a stand? Two years late for the Class of 2020, because of the pandemic. A full set of graduates, yay me. Bridie scoffed at the idea of returning to the University of Exeter for what she described as a "pointless" occasion. "Why go back?" she protested. "We left, we're working, we've all moved on. It's a stupid waste of money. No one will come, anyway." Yet we went... under sufferance. To find that (of course) we were by no means the only ones. There was almost a full turnout. In shiny new outfits, capped and gowned, our graduates rose to the occasion. Big band music shook the majestic Great Hall, the sun glared, we perspired fragrantly, yet there pervaded a frisson of Christmas. We wept, leapt to our killer heels, cheered ourselves hoarse and clapped ourselves raw. "Make some noise!" implored the Vice Chancellor, winking. Champagne, strawberries, cupcakes, souvenir teddies, fine dining in a favourite brasserie where we may never eat again. We bade farewell to the oft-frequented cathedral next day, sharing sandwiches on the green before trailing home. Endings are also beginnings. Lines must always be drawn. Milestones need to be marked and achievements honoured. One more step along the road they go. All we have, in the end, as Ringo sang, is a photograph. At least we have it.