Unfortunately, most budget airlines such as easyJet and Ryanair will charge passengers to sit together on a plane. The cost of choosing a seat can quickly add up. Jane Hawkes is a former flight attendant and consumer expert. She shared a tip to sit together without paying. She told Express.co.uk: “Obviously if you’re travelling with children you might not want to do this. “Because if you’re travelling as a family, you’ll probably want your children with you to keep an eye on them. “But if you’re travelling with friends or a partner, then never pay to book a seat together. READ MORE: Plane passenger refused to give up seat for mum sat away from toddler “Just wait to get onboard and then say ‘we’re travelling together and we didn’t realise we’d be separated’. “You could just ask other passengers around you who can be very accommodating. “It’s worth asking but there’s not much point asking before you get onboard.” If solo travellers are sitting between friends they may be happy to swap so a group can sit together on the plane. However, passengers may be more willing to swap if it’s an opportunity to switch out of the undesirable middle seat. If a plane is very busy, passengers that don’t choose a seat before boarding, will often be allocated the middle seat. Middle seat passengers tend to have slightly less room than their neighbours and won’t be able to look out the window. On Ryanair, children under the age of 12 must be seated with an adult and the airline will allow passengers a free allocated seat for four children per adult. Seats on Ryanair cost around £2.50 for a standard seat while extra legroom seats cost as much as £11.94. READ MORE: World’s most expensive tourist tax charges travellers £167 per day Of course, some passengers might want a break from their travelling group if they’ve had a stressful holiday. Jane also shared a tip that could help passengers make some extra money or freebies while at the airport. She said: “Mystery shopping is a way to pass time at the airport but it’s also a way of making a little bit of money. “Most companies will offer a variety of mystery shopping tasks but not all of them will offer airports. “Just do your research because you don’t want to do anything that’s going to cause you more stress and hassle. “What you want to do is something that might get you a free coffee or something small without filling out loads of forms.” Mystery shopping is when people pretend to be a normal customer and judge how well a shop performs. If passengers have time to kill at the airport, it could be a way to earn a little extra cash for a holiday treat. Jane Hawkes shares consumer tips and advice at ladyjaney.co.uk. 