The mobile phone provider has announced the launch of its £10 a month ‘VOXI For Now’ low-cost mobile phone tariff to help claimants of certain benefits during the cost of living crisis. Vodafone confirmed this discount will be available to those on Job Seekers Allowance, Universal Credit or Employment and Support Allowance. This phone contract package will also include unlimited 5G data, as well as unlimited calls and texts. Social tariffs are discounts which are offered by companies to customers who are on means-tested benefits, such as Universal Credit. Recently, energy and broadband suppliers have promoted discounted deals on their services through social tariffs to assist consumers with the soaring inflation rate which is hiking prices. Those on Universal Credit and other means-tested benefits will be able to access this support from Vodafone by showing evidence of their claim. It should be noted that not every company offers social tariffs to vulnerable customers and those which do may have different eligibility criteria compared to competing businesses. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly This latest initiative from Vodafone comes as part of the Government’s wider ‘Help for Households’ campaign. Alongside Vodafone, many of the biggest businesses operating in the UK have reduced the costs of their products or services in a bid to help families during the cost of living crisis. Other businesses which are taking part include online retailers like Amazon and supermarkets, such as Morrisons and Asda. Further deals will be announced later in the year as the Help for Households campaign will look to help families during four distinct periods in the year, including the summer holidays, back to school, Autumn period and Christmas. Ahmed Essam, the CEO at Vodafone UK, outlined why the telecommunications company is stepping up to the plate to help households as inflation continues to soar. Ms Essam explained: “Vodafone is proud to support the Help for Households campaign that raises awareness and offers support to individuals and families most impacted by the cost of living challenge. “Vodafone offers VOXI For Now, which is the only mobile social tariff to help those experiencing financial hardship stay connected, as well as our everyone.connected campaign to provide free connectivity to one million people living in digital poverty by the end of 2022.” Outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised the new scheme and the businesses offering “new deals and discounts”. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  Mr Johnson added: “We’re facing incredibly tough global economic headwinds and families across the country are feeling the pinch. “That’s why this Government is providing an unprecedented £37billion worth of support to help households through the storm. “Both the public and private sector have a role to play here – and that’s why it’s great to see so many leading UK businesses are now coming forward to offer new deals and discounts that will provide much needed respite at the checkout. “This won’t solve the issue overnight but it’s yet another weapon in our arsenal as we fight back against the scourge of rising prices and inflation.” Universal Credit recipients can get a monthly standard allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) plus any additional amounts they may be eligible for, even if they miss out on Vodafone’s discounted phone contract. Currently, the monthly Universal Credit payment if someone is single and under 25 is £265.31, while those 25 or over get £334.91. Claimants who live with their partner and they are both under 25 can claim £416.45 a month, while those 25 or over get £525.72. Couples on Universal Credit will receive one payment a month which is meant to cover the both of them.