Bayern Munich manager Julian Nagelsmann has been told to "mind your own business" following his comments about Harry Kane. Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara has given a furious response to what the German said about the England captain last week. Kane has been tentatively linked with a move to Bayern in recent days. Nagelsmann was asked about that rumoured interest at a press conference at the end of last week. Nagelsmann said: "He's very expensive, that's the problem. But brilliant player, one of two or three who can play as a centre forward [as well as a] No 10, but he's very strong, brilliant with [his] head and both feet. "He could score a lot in the Bundesliga, I don't know the price, but it's really tough for Bayern Munich. We'll see what happens in the future." Transfer news LIVE: Arsenal 'agreement', Leeds eye revenge, Kounde to Chelsea latest  However, O'Hara has issued a fiery comeback to Nagelsmann. He says Kane will be going nowhere and there is no reason for the Bayern manager to be publicly discussing Kane. O'Hara said on talkSPORT: "Mind your own business, nothing to do with you, not your player, you're not in for him, he's not for sale. I can't stand managers that do this. "Harry Kane isn't for sale, he isn't going to Bayern Munich. Don't talk about our players. Why ask the question? And he should say 'yeah, very good player, not my player'. "He's not going anywhere. He's happy, he's scoring goals, we've got Conte, the team's flying. DON'T MISSArsenal already have their own Pogba which explains Tielemans stanceMan Utd are being forced into two signings by Barcelona star De JongArsenal and Juventus 'reach double agreement' during Arthur Melo talks  "This is the most exciting season in a long time that Spurs have had. Why is there Harry Kane chat? "Why have we got a manager from another country talking about 'I don't know how much he is'? That's because he's not for sale." Spurs boss Antonio Conte was also critical of Nagelsmann when discussing Kane at the weekend. Conte claimed it was disrespectful to speak about another club's player.  The Italian said: "For sure, I am a coach that does not speak about other players at other teams. I don’t know why. The situation with Tottenham is very clear. The plan is very clear with the club. "He [Kane] is a part of the project, an important part of the project. At the same time, I don’t like to speak about the players of other clubs. "If I want to do something, I’ll go and speak with the club and not go through the media. Maybe it is a little disrespectful for the other club. This is my way of dealing with the situation with other players." 