A new report by the national weather service shows higher temperatures are the new normal and sea levels are rising much faster than a century ago. This, the Met warns, could put hundreds of thousands of properties — and families — at stake, as powerful storm surges and winds damage the environment and infrastructure. The State of the Climate report, an annual look at the UK's climate and weather, revealed sea levels have risen by around 16.5cm (6.5 ins) since 1990. And the rate of the rise is increasing, the Met said, with levels now up by 3-5.2mm a year, which is more than double the rate of increase in the early part of the last century. This is the result of an increased rate of ice loss from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, glacier mass loss and the warming of the ocean, the report says. Published in the Royal Meteorological Society’s International Journal of Climatology, it adds that 2021 would have been considered one of the warmest on record only a generation ago, but was near average for the period between 1991 and 2020. READ MORE: BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood warns Britons over rising humidity While the UK climate last year was "unremarkable" by modern standards, it stresses, it would have been exceptional 30 years ago. The report reads: "Although 1C of warming might not sound like much, it has led to maximum temperatures like the 32.2C we saw in 2021 becoming routine rather than the exception. "This is particularly stark when considering the record-breaking heat the UK experienced just last week." Parts of England topped 40C for the first time on record during last week's heatwave.  Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mike Kendon from the Met Office National Climate Information Centre, the lead author of the report, said: "The observations show our climate has already changed and will continue to change. "The climate my dad regarded as normal when he was my age is different from our climate now, and that will be different from the climate my daughter will regard as normal when she grows up. "Our perception of what is normal is changing as our climate changes." The changing climate is also bringing spring earlier, impacting plants and animals, as well as farmers, the report shows. DON'T MISSTruss and Sunak debate pulled OFF AIR as presenter collapses [VIDEO]Covid origins: WHO declares lab leak theory 'STILL on table' [INSIGHT]Why Russia is pulling plug now on Germany and EU's gas [EXPLAINER] Species that come into leaf early in the year were even earlier last year, but unusually cold temperatures in April caused delays to late-blooming species, the Met Office says. Other trends outlined in the report include a gradual decline in the number of days when frost is recorded and when home heating is required to maintain comfortable temperatures indoors. Between 2012 and 2021, there were 5 percent fewer days of frost compared with the average from 1991 to 2020, and around 20 percent fewer compared with the 1961-1990 period. From 2012 to 2021, 11 percent fewer days required heating indoors than in the period spanning 1961 to 1990. The number and severity of substantial and widespread snow events has fallen since the 1960s, and UK winters have been 26 percent wetter in the past decade than between 1961 and 1990. Levels of rainfall, meanwhile, are increasing over time because the atmosphere can hold more moisture as the climate warms. Climate scientists have said they expect rainfall patterns to change so there are more short, sharp downpours in the future.