Nick Kyrgios has admitted he felt not playing against Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon cost him in his final showdown with Novak Djokovic on Sunday. The Australian went into the contest in London hoping to battle his way to a first Grand Slam title. However, he was ruthlessly put to the sword by his Serbian opponent - who won in four sets. Kyrgios was in immense form during the first set of his showdown with Djokovic, winning it 6-4. But the reigning champion then upped the ante to claim the next three sets and a seventh Wimbledon title of his career in the process. Kyrgios, before the match, had been given a bye to the final after Nadal had been forced to withdraw from the competition due to injury. And, speaking in the aftermath of his defeat, the 27-year-old admitted he felt not playing in the semi-final cost him. "I actually think not playing the semifinals may have done me a bit of a disservice because I was just thinking about it all the time," Kyrgios said. "That comes with experience. I thought I handled myself well today. “I came out there and I did what I had to do tactically to give myself a chance. I just came up short, and I'm happy with that.” Before he’d taken to Centre Court, Kyrgios had admitted he was unsure how not playing against Nadal would benefit him. "I definitely feel like I've been playing in a pretty good routine,” he said. "Obviously people would instantly say, ‘he gets another day off’. But it's definitely a shock to the system because I've been playing so many matches. "You kind of play a match at a Grand Slam, then you know deep down that you have one day to wind down and let yourself relax and then go again. "To have like three, two and a half, three days off, today I'm going to try to emulate a bit of not a match scenario, but I'm going to try and have a bit more of an extended practice to kind of feel like I'm in that same routine because that can throw everyone off. "Obviously at a Grand Slam you want to have those matches. I think in a way, exactly right what you said, the competitive juices, you want to have those going, the adrenaline. “That's just something that I'm going to have to go into the final without that semi-final kind of experience." Kyrgios did pay tribute to Djokovic, however, labelling the now 21-time Grand Slam winner as a ‘god’. "He [Djokovic] is a bit of a god, I’m not going to lie," said the Australian with a smile on his face. I thought I played well, but first of all, congratulations to Novak and your team. I don’t know how many times now. "Obviously, thanks to all the ball kids, umpires - I know me and you have a tough relationship, but I thought I’d thank you for putting up with it, and the crowd, it’s been an amazing couple of weeks for me personally." And he added: "I’m so tired, honestly. Myself and my team, I think we are all exhausted. We have played so much tennis. I definitely need a well-earned vacation after this one. "I’m just really happy with this result, it’s the best in my career - so hopefully I can be here again, but I don’t know about that.” Djokovic, meanwhile, backed Kyrgios to make more Grand Slam finals in the future. "It is tough to find consolation words at a moment like this but you showed why you are one of the best players in the world," he said. "I wish you all the best. I respect you a lot and you are a phenomenal talent. "I never thought I would say so many nice things about you! OK, it's official: it is a bromance."