WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul, season six, episode eight. Better Call Saul fans gush praise for Vince Gilligan and his storylines as they take in the final few episodes of the smash hit Netflix show. Reeling from the loss of an iconic character, they shared their enthusiasm for the writer and his work. The time finally came for Better Call Saul fans to find some answers following a cliff-hanger ending midway through the finale season. A six-week break in between episodes seven and eight left viewers gasping for more of the Breaking Bad prequel. Pressing play on the latest instalment, it seemed the anticipation was worth it as the very first episode killed off a main character. A major sticking point for fans was revealed in the midseason finale with creators finally sharing why Lalo Salamanca (played by Tony Dalton) feared for his life. READ MORE: 'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder During the final episode of season six's first part, things were made clearer when Lalo appeared at Jimmy and Kim's (Rhea Seehorn) apartment. Brutally murdering Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) without a second of doubt, the end of that episode sent fans scrambling for answers. Episode eight of the saga, titled ‘Point and Shoot’, saw the death of Lalo by Gus' fatal shot (Giancarlo Esposito). Lalo's body was left under the infamous meth lab and the elimination of the character is set to alter the focus of the plotline. Despite knowing this can't be the end of the road for Gus as he lives to appear in Breaking Bad, viewers found it near impossible not to watch on the edges of their seats. The death of Lalo not only happens in real time but forces audiences to cast their minds back to the foundations of Breaking Bad. The last time Lalo is seen, his body is being tossed into a grave under the lab, alongside Howard's corpse. In the positioning and foreshadowing of these two deaths, audiences are led to think about how Breaking Bad is a series built on top of Lalo Salamanca and Howard Hamlin's corpses. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul season 6 part 2 release time: What time is it out? [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6: Why has cab driver Jeff been recast?  [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn tribute to Jonathan Banks  [TRIBUTE] In awe and blown away by the returning episode, fans let the Twitter-sphere know how they were feeling. @LukesGreenSaber posted: "Truly one of the best episodes of television I’ve ever watched #BetterCallSaul" Echoing the sentiment, user Jamie F. wrote: "This episode to kick off the second half of @BetterCallSaul’s final season left me stunned and breathless." Justin Combs tweeted his praise for the AMC spin-off, sharing: "It’s rare that you set high expectations, and then have those expectations exceeded. "#BetterCallSaul continues to do that with each episode. Sooo good!" Episode nine, entitled ‘Fun and Games’, is speculated to start off with characters searching for some normalcy after the action of the episode gone by. Lalo's death will have sent shockwaves through the main storyline and fans think Jimmy and Kim will have something to say about the handling of Howard's body. Watch Better Call Saul season 6 on Netflix now.