Arsene Wenger may no longer be Arsenal manager, but there are still some players he worked with that are starting to shine through at the club. And Eddie Nketiah will be leaving Wenger beaming with pride, as he's risen to the challenge that the former boss set him as a youngster. Wenger was responsible for giving Nketiah his debut, and now he's been handed a brand new contract and the iconic no.14 shirt five years later. Nketiah looks set to partner new signing Gabriel Jesus into the new season, with Mikel Arteta assembling an exciting duo for the campaign ahead. The pair have been scoring for fun in pre-season too, and Nketiah is finally making a name for himself after initially being on the fringes of the first team. But Wenger always saw a star in Nketiah, and the Frenchman set the youngster a challenge in a bid to see him rise to the very top. He's certainly starting to prove his worth under Arteta, but Wenger will be proud of his progress from afar. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target fourth deal, Chelsea £55m bid, Barca plot Arsenal move Wenger said when handing Nketiah his first few appearances back in 2017: “Eddie Nketiah is a striker who has a nose for the goal but he’s not only a goal-getter. And that’s what is interesting with him. "He has good physical qualities, he can combine with others, he can integrate a collective game at a very high level and, as well, he can get on the end of things and score in front of goal. So he has basic exceptional qualities but you have to show that in a consistent way. "The next step for him is mental. ‘Show me that you’re motivated every day, show me that you’re hungry to become the player that you can become." DON'T MISSArteta to have honest conversation with Arsenal stars in clear hint on next signingBarcelona to make 'late madness offer' for Kounde in hope of beating Chelsea to dealArsenal have fresh transfer need as injury creates Mikel Arteta dilemma And it's not been easy for Nketiah, as he's had to be very patient to get his chance. But it's credit to him that he's taken it with open arms. Nketiah was loaned out to Leeds during the 2019/20 season, and had to watch on as Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang were given the nod. But it was the end of last season that saw Nketiah star, as he was picked over Lacazette after Aubameyang left the club in January. Nketiah managed five Premier League goals in a prolific late run in the team, and he's scored two and assisted one in Arsenal's first four pre-season games. The next step now, is establishing himself over a full season, and he's got the perfect platform to do so now after being trusted by Arteta. Arsenal could lead the line with a rare striking duo, and it could be what they need to get back into the top four.