Dick Strawbridge's life has changed dramatically over the years, starting off in the army, then living in Southend with his wife Angel Adoree, to moving into a derelict 19th Century chateau in France. He and Angel are the faces of Escape to the Chateau, providing their top tips on DIY and transforming any house into a home. The Channel 4 star is also the proud father of four children. Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree have two young children together, Arthur, eight, and Dorothy, seven. He was first married to Brigit Weiner for 28 years before his path crossed with Angel's. Dick and Brigit divorced in 2010 and share two children together, James and Charlotte Strawbridge. James is a chef with a passion for sustainability, whereas Charlotte is an artist. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Dick's daughter Charlotte is married to a man called Andy but it isn't known if they have any children together. James is also very private when it comes to his personal life but a lot more is known about him. He is married to his wife Holly who he has children with, making Dick a very proud grandfather of three. It is believed he has one son and two daughters, Indiana, 11, Pippin, 10 and Arrietty, seven. In 2015, James tweeted an adorable picture of his family on a bed, shortly after Arrietty was born. He tweeted: "I'm now a proud father of three! Beautiful daughter Arrietty Branwyn Strawbridge born this week #happyfamily." James very rarely talks about his family, with little to no mention of them on his social media. He has, however, previously given a slight insight into his relationship with his son Indiana is like. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Suzy Merton's exit unveiled as Matty takes revenge [THEORY]Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel tease new 'exciting projects' [EXPLAINER]Dick Strawbridge nationality: Where was Dick Strawbridge born? [CAST] James spoke to leather company Billy Tannery in 2020 to talk about his love of hats. It was during this conversation that James revealed his son had adopted his love of the style. Talking about his favourite hate, he explained: "My brown felted trilby with a leather band always sports a couple of pheasant feathers. "I stole it from my dad several years ago and now my son has stolen it from me. "It’s old, tattered and looks more gypsy roamer than dapper chap but I love it. "Hats are made to be shared, borrowed or stolen so I don’t begrudge passing it on. "Plus his name is Indiana so he deserves a strong headwear game." As of yet, there has been no talk on exactly when Escape to the Chateau will return. However, Dick and Angel have recently been paid a visit from those at Channel 4 to discuss some "projects". Taking to the official Channel 4 Twitter account: "A couple of weeks ago, a few of us from Chateau HQ took a trip to France to visit Dick, Angel, Arthur and Dorothy. "We had a wonderful time catching up on everything we've missed over the past couple of years and we started on some very exciting projects that are coming soon." Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.