The hotly anticipated Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors has been penned by author and investigative journalist Tom Bower and expected to lift the lid on so-called “Megxit”. New extracts focus on the run-up to the couple’s wedding in May 2018 and Meghan’s rocky relationship with her father Thomas Markle. The book claims her refusal to mend a widening rift with him before the Windsor Castle nuptials “irritated” the most senior Royals. Thomas had taken part in TV and newspaper interviews criticising the Royal Family as being out of touch – which annoyed senior members. It was hoped Meghan could end his stinging barbs by visiting him, the book claims. The Sussexes’ ­apparent refusal to patch up their differences allegedly caused confusion at the palace, with both the Queen and Charles suggesting the Duchess fly out to speak to her dad. According to the biographer, Harry and Meghan gave reasons for not reconciling with Thomas, 77. But inconsistencies are said to have irked Charles. Harry, 37, is believed to have explained to the Prince of Wales that Meghan, 40, did not phone or email her father due to suspicions that both methods of communication were compromised. Bower writes: “He never really understood her or what she wanted. That week, his irritation about Thomas Markle’s TV appearances, especially his criticism of the Royal Family, came to a head. Charles is alleged to have “berated” Harry, saying: “Can’t she just go and see him and make this stop?”. Bower continues: “Harry explained that Meghan refused to telephone Thomas Markle because she suspected that ‘his phone was not in his possession’ and ‘his email account was compromised’. “The inconsistencies of Meghan’s excuses not only irritated Charles but perhaps also the Queen.” Charles, Harry and Meghan later held a conference call with the Queen. Charles and Her Majesty are believed to have “urged” Meghan to fly to Mexico to put the rift to one side but she rebuffed the idea “to the senior royals’ dismay”. Meghan is said to have claimed it was “completely unrealistic” to fly to Mexico incognito without a “frenzy of media attention” which could “bring more embarrassment to the Royal Family”. Less than two years later in January 2020, Harry and Meghan announced “Megxit” on Instagram and their plan and to step back as senior members of the Royal Family. Their statement read: “We intend to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen.” Meghan has not commented on the publication of the book.