Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow predicted "heavy showers", primarily affecting southern Scotland and the far north of England. She said low pressure will move in on Friday, bringing cloud and "frontal rain to Northern Ireland and western Scotland". Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted up to 3mm of rain per hour overnight on Friday in the north of England and Scotland. Ms Farrow said: "There has been some significant rain (even thundery in the Irish Sea) from a feature marked as a trough in the southerly flow over northern England and the Isle of Man already this morning. "The rain is extending into southern Scotland and Co. Down and becomes more showery through the day but still with some heavy downpours." While there is likely to be rain, Ms Farrow said that temperatures on Friday will still be warm. She said: "Friday looks much warmer for southern Britain with temperatures rising into the mid to high 20Cs.  "Elsewhere it will feel warmer in the high teens and low twenties Celsius with a light southerly breeze. "Again, there could be a scattering of showers up the spine of northern Britain by Friday lunchtime but fine and bright for most of the UK. The forecaster added: "The forecast for the next few days for Birmingham is for a lot of fine, bright weather. "Temperatures staying in the low to mid-twenties Celsius with occasional spells of rain as Atlantic fronts wave in. READ MORE: Met office warning: Fog to shroud Britain as washout brings rain "The timings on these will vary. "One low pressure will be moving in later on Friday bringing more cloud from the west and eventually frontal rain to Northern Ireland and western Scotland." This comes as the country braces for a drought in August, following exceptionally low levels of rain. Netweather meteorologist Nick Finnis said there is "little in the way of rain on the horizon for large parts of England and Wales" over the next few weeks. DON'T MISS: Weather today to feel like 100F as heatwave so hot roads could MELT [REPORT] Should I open my windows during hot weather? [INSIGHT] Met Office warning over extreme weather events – 500k UK homes at risk [ANALYSIS] He warned that the country is "in the midst of a growing drought across many areas". This, the forecaster said, has been "exacerbated by an exceptionally dry summer so far, with extreme heat last week accelerating the drought conditions by increasing demand for water". He added: "England faces drought in August if the hot and dry weather continues, with officials from the National Drought Group (NDG) discussing a plan of action today on how to cope with the conditions and protect water supplies." Maps from The Environment Agency (EA) show that river levels across the UK are either below normal, notably low or exceptionally low across the country, with only two locations ranked as "normal". The EA convened the NDG earlier this week, bringing together officials from the Environment Department (Defra), water companies, the Met Office, the National Farmers’ Union (NFU) and others. Most of England has moved into "prolonged dry weather" status – meaning the EA is now taking precautionary actions to mitigate impacts.