Now some councils have told residents they have to apply for the £150 refund to help them pay rising energy bills. Otherwise they could face further delays. Cash strapped households who still haven't received their £150 council tax rebate can apply for the refund but they’ll have to be quick. Some Britons who don’t pay for their council tax bills by direct debit are still waiting for the rebate promised to people to help them pay rising energy billsamid the rising cost of living. Councils including Birmingham Council, Hyndburn Council and West Northamptonshire Council are reminding their residents they can have the money put in their bank accounts if they apply by July 31. Otherwise they will be refunded the money by a reduction on their council tax bill. READ MORE: Millions of pensioners are missing out on DWP benefit worth £370 A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said: "Eligible households will have until July 31, 2022 to submit payment details. “If we don’t hear from you by this date we will arrange for the rebate to be credited to your council tax bill." Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak introduced the £150 council tax rebate for households in council tax bands A to D. Some 80 percent of households should receive the financial help which is part of the cost of living support package. DON'T MISS:Slash your daily costs by £25 with ‘easy steps’ to save money [INSIGHT]Santander issues scam warning for 'dodgy' texts [wARNING]PIP claimants need to report changes or get taken to court [ALERT]NHS prescription costs: Britons could be making big savings [UPDATE] People who live in bands E to H can still get help paying their energy bills. However, they will have to apply via the Household Support Fund’s discretionary scheme. This is decided by their local council on a case by case basis. Meanwhile, millions of people are missing out on discounts to their council tax bill which could see them £900 a year better off. READ MORE: 10 ways to make money after retirement - earn up to £250 a day   Almost three million people (2.7m) are losing out on billions of pounds in council tax help according to charity Turn2Us. Britons in receipt of certain benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit usually get a discount. Britons should get in touch with their local council if they think they would qualify for a council tax reduction. In total, ten groups of people are disregarded from paying Council Tax bills.