The Duchess of Sussex was interviewed for a Vanity Fair article published in 2017. She spoke of her correspondence with Mrs Clinton. However, Vanity Fair’s fact-checkers had raised questions about the story's accuracy and the reply had reportedly been written by her father, Thomas Markle. During her interview with Sam Kashner, a contributing editor for the magazine, Meghan spoke about her speech at the UN and her success as an 11-year-old against Procter & Gamble. As a child, Meghan wrote to the company and Hillary Clinton to complain about a slogan promoting washing-up liquid that said: “Women all over America are fighting greasy pots and pans.” She urged that it should be changed to “People all over America”. Bowing to thousands of protests, P&G eventually changed the line. Later in life, Markle — now a UN Women ambassador — reflected on the advert during a speech at UN Women. "Two boys from my class said: 'yeah, that's where women belong, in the kitchen,'" she recalled. Markle said she felt "shocked and angry" and "so hurt".  Vanity Fair published the article but left out the story of her activism at a young age over problems its fact-checkers could not verify it. Meghan is said to have complained when the article with the headline Wild about Harry because it wasn’t presented in the way she wanted, royal expert Tom Bower said. Within hours of the article's publication, Meghan is said to have called her PR agency. She reportedly described Buckingham Palace’s fury at Wild about Harry. READ MORE: Queen’s grandfather would be ‘spinning in grave’ claims royal expert PR company Sunshine Sachs said that Meghan should have ensured that her comments about Harry were removed and asked why wasn’t the focus on her philanthropy and activism? Writing for The Times, royal biographer Tom Bower said: "How could she hate a blatant puff piece? Then her feelings were explained. Of course, she hated the title Wild about Harry because she was promoting her philanthropy. "She was equally furious that her battle with P&G was omitted. "Kashner resisted revealing that Vanity Fair’s fact-checkers had raised questions about its accuracy and, after consulting P&G and advertising historians, had concluded they could not prove the whole story.  "They could also find no evidence, as Meghan claimed, that she received a reply from Clinton." He added: "Unknown to Kashner, Thomas Markle knew Clinton and P&G had not replied to Meghan. The success of her 'campaign' was fictitious, invented by an adoring father". Meghan is said to have called Kashner after the article was published and said: “I thought this could have been an actual friendship. I don’t now think that can happen." “She complained because she wasn’t presented in the way she wanted,” recalled Kashner. “She demanded that the media do what she expects. I felt manipulated.” 