Piers Morgan took a moment out of his TalkTV show on Thursday to share his fond memories of actor James Caan, who has died at the age of 82. The news of the award-winning actor's death was confirmed in a statement made by his family on social media. The sad news was confirmed on his official Twitter account in view of his 116,000 followers. The statement read: "It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6. "The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time." Since the news was confirmed, tributes have poured in from James' fans and former colleagues. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film The former Good Morning Britain presenter also took a moment out of his Boris Johnson special to share his own memories of the actor. Piers spoke with his panel Esther K, Daisy McAndrew and Adam Boulton about the Elf star's passing. "Some breaking news, nothing to do with politics but a sad day for Hollywood. "James Caan the actor has died aged 82. His portrayal of course of Sonny Corleone in The Godfather... probably one of the greatest performances of modern times by any actor.  "Such ferocity and spirit...love that role, loved him." Recalling the moment he met James, Piers continued: "Met him once at a party, hilarious character, James Caan. "Very funny man, very popular with people he worked with...a real Hollywood legend." Turning to ask his guest Daisy about her thoughts, she replied: "I couldn't believe it when I saw when he was 82." DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [REACTION]Emmerdale’s Liam Fox ‘freaked out’ with co-star during new series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Sara Damergi leaves buyer emotional [VIDEO] "He had great energy as an actor," Piers added. "Esther..." "I was too young," Esther replied admitting she had never seen The Godfather. "Woah, what?" Piers said in shock. "What do you mean you've never watched The Godfather." As the show played the theme tune music to The Godfather, the host asked Esther if she recognised the music. "I now feel so old," the former GMB presenter admitted. Do you even know who James Caan is?" "The Godfather to me is the greatest movie ever made," Piers praised. "As with the sequel, The Godfather 2, greatest movie ever." He later added: "But he was a hilarious character. He had this extraordinary kind of frenetic energy when I met him, and he must have been in his 60s or 70s. "Many viewers will I'm sure share my sadness... James Carr, one of the great actors of that generation." 