Kate Garraway, 55, has been very open about her husband Derek Drapers journey since contracting Covid in March 2020. Things seemed to be getting better for the family, however, Kate had to take time away from Good Morning Britain after Derek took an "unexpected and frightening turn". The presenter has broken her silence on the situation and has confirmed her return to work after a three-week absence. Kate took to Instagram to share a sweet picture of her with her two children and Derek before he contracted Covid in 2020. She captioned the picture in view of her 1.1 million followers: "Thank you so so much for all your messages of support - they really do mean the world to me & the whole family. "I have taken some time off @gmb @smoothradio & @garrawaysgoodatuff in the last three weeks as Derek’s health took an unexpected and frightening turn for the worse that landed him back in intensive care and fighting for his life - again. "Thanks to the amazing NHS teams and his own extraordinary life force and spirit Derek -please God - is back on the right side of it now and I'm so looking forward to seeing you all back on @gmb from 6am tomorrow and @smoothradio - hopefully celebrating @lionesses #worldcup win! Love and see you in the morning!" READ MORE: Frankie Boyle jokes 'about raping and f*****g Holly Willoughby' Social media users and friends alike rushed to the comments to share their relief over the heartfelt update, with Derek's health improving. Co-star Susanna Reid said: "We love you Kate - so glad Derek is doing better - looking forward to watching you tomorrow morning." Arlene Phillips added: "Wishing Derek all the good health he needs to come to him. "What a fighter, and you @kategarraway have shown the love, devotion and dedication needed to support him." Social media user welljell68 commented: "So hope you have the old Derek back soon you deserve it #amazinglady." Pearce1amanda added: "Sending love to you and your family. He's a strong cookie your hubby x." Earlier this month, Kate admitted in an interview that she was taking everything "day by day" due to Derek's hospital readmissions. She said: "He's been in hospital a couple of months now. He's been coming in and out. DON'T MISS... J.K. Rowling’s fortune made her richest fiction author ever [INSIGHT] Britney Spears goes topless as she puts on sultry display [INSTAGRAM] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen all smiles without her wedding ring [PICS] "Hopefully he'll come out again. Hopefully tonight. I'm crossing my fingers. "I'm really tired but I take it day by day to level out the ups and downs", Kate told The Sun. After contracting Covid in March 2020, Derek remained in hospital until April last year when he was welcomed home. He, however, still required round the clock care and Kate had to have adjustments made to the house for his return. The ITV presenter has previously opened up about having to find a new kind of love for her husband. She told Good Housekeeping: "When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. "In many ways, we're still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed. "It's the same for the children – they're having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek."