Nick Kyrgios' girlfriend, Costeen Hatzi, is named as a 'trainer' on her Wimbledon pass, eagle-eyed viewers have spotted. Hatzi and Kyrgios began dating in late 2021 and have been inseparable ever since. The couple regularly post pictures and videos of them both on social media and Hatzi has been a regular feature at tournaments Kyrgios has played in. She was by his side in Melbourne when Kyrgios and Thanasi Kokkinakis won the doubles title at the Australian Open. And the 21-year-old has been a regular feature on the practice courts and the players' box at Wimbledon this year. Hatzi has even had exclusive access to Aorangi Park to step onto the courts with Kyrgios and join in the practice sessions. She has been cheering her boyfriend along the way with Kyrgios making it through to the quarter-finals of Wimbledon for the first time since his main draw debut in 2014. And it's now been spotted that Hatzi has been given a surprise title on her Wimbledon pass to give her access to all areas.   For most press passes, under their name it says 'Rover' while members of a players' team will have different titles. But Hatzi's pass states she is the 'player's trainer' with access to the gym and competitor millennium, which is an exclusive facility for the players at Wimbledon. Hatzi is a blogger based in Sydney and runs her own business, Casa Amor Interiors. And it's clear that Kyrgios feels his girlfriend has had a huge impact on his success this year. Speaking after his fourth-round win over Brandon Nakashima, Kyrgios named her as the "best girlfriend in the world" while talking up the amount of support he has around him.  "There was a time where I was having to be forced out of a pub at 4 a.m. to play Nadal second round," he said. "My agent had to come get me out of a pub at 4 a.m. before I played my match on Centre Court Wimbledon. I've come a long way, that's for sure. "But I think just daily habits and the people around me. I've got an incredible support crew. My physio is one of my best friends. My best friend is my agent. I've got the best girlfriend in the world. "I've just got so many people around me, they just support me. I feel like I can reflect on all those dark times when I pushed them all away. Now to sit here quarterfinals of Wimbledon, feeling good, feeling composed, feeling mature, having that around me, I'm extremely blessed. I feel like I'm just comfortable in my own skin."