When BBC Sport sat down with American tennis ace Coco Gauff, they asked her to deliver a message to Sue. However, the star was left confused by the request as they confused the BBC presenting icon with Star Wars character Chewbacca. In the hilarious Wimbledon mishap, the interviewer asked: “Coco, one last thing, Sue Barker. “We want to get a message for Sue, like, ‘Well done on your 30 years.’” Coco appeared initially confused before exclaiming: “Oh Sue!” “Sue Barker! You know Sue,” the interviewer confirmed. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? Coco laughed: “I thought you said Sue Bacca. And I was like, ‘Who is that?’ “I thought you were saying Chewbacca!” The tennis star continued: “Sorry, okay, yes I know Sue! My bad.” The moment was shared on the BBC Sport Twitter account and thrilled tennis fans. Defending Coco, Aleda Koenig commented: “Well tbh the interviewer did trip over his pronunciation, rather.” (sic) Jim Hearson joked: “Coco Gauff? Coco Gaff, more like!” While Enricorego agreed it was easy to be confused: “It does sound like Chewbacca.” “This is amazing,” the Star Wars Session Podcast tweeted, while Paul simply replied with a gif of Chewbacca. DON'T MISS...De Minaur charms Wimbledon with heartwarming shout-out to girlfriend [LATEST]Boutler's tearful tribute: Brit's emotional victory at Wimbledon [WATCH]Wimbledon LIVE: Fan outrage at price of pint in SW19 [LIVE] The BBC were gathering messages for Sue after she announced this would be her final year hosting the tournament. Sue has paved the way for a raft of talented women to build their own careers on screen as presenters and pundits. She said of her decision: “What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. “I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best.” Director-General BBC, Tim Davie, added: “Sue Barker has been the face and voice of Wimbledon for three decades. “Many of our viewers will not know of a summer in SW19 without her. “She is a consummate professional, an outstanding presenter and a wonderful colleague, loved by current and former players, all of us at the BBC and audiences across the UK and beyond.” Wimbledon is streaming across the BBC.