London-bound Britons can rely on the Night Tube once more, TfL announced today, with the service coming out of its two-year-long hibernation. A reprieve from unions means the treasured nighttime service can finally shake off the Covid pandemic and join the rest of the transport industry in recovery. Transport bosses have promised Londoners can expect the full Night Tube service to resume. The Night Tube is already partly open, as the London Underground has carefully pieced back nighttime services since 2021. The Central and Victoria lines reactivated in November last year, while the Jubilee and Northern lines followed in May and June 2022. The Piccadilly Line is the only one currently inactive at night, but that will change this week. READ MORE: Diane Abbott confronted as Jeremy Corbyn urged to run for London Mayor TfL plans to reopen the line from Friday, July 29, in time for the last weekend of the month. Trains will now run for nearly five hours after regular services conclude for the day, between 12.30am and 5am every morning. Businesses and those looking forward to a weekend night out will have eagerly anticipated the line reopening. London Mayor Sadiq Khan hailed the occasion as a vital boost for the capital's recovery. He said: “I know this will be welcome news for Londoners and visitors to our city, helping people to make the most of everything on offer in the capital and supporting those working at night. “Having all Night Tube lines running again will play a vital role in our city’s recovery from the pandemic, boosting the nighttime economy and helping people get around the city overnight at weekends.” The partial service has become increasingly popular over the last few months as people re-emerge into a post-Covid London. Officials have recorded more than three million entries and exits since last November. Weekend underground use has almost to returned to pre-pandemic levels, now at 85 percent. Some people hoping to test the new Night Tube services this weekend may find their journeys slightly modified by impending strikes. The Aslef union will follow the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union on July 30. Workers from eight train companies have resolved to withhold their labour, causing disruption that could spill over to July 31. The impacted lines will include: Only six London lines, including the London Overground, currently operate at night. In 2018, TfL announced that it planned to extend services to the Metropolitan, Circle, District and Hammersmith & City Lines. The plans hinged on Four Lines Modernisation signalling upgrades forecast for completion by 2023.