With school summer holidays upon us, many British tourists will be eager to get away. But when will Britons be able to avoid the travel chaos? Travel experts KAYAK, analysed data from flight searches to predict which days are likely to be less busy this summer. August 18 was the quietest day to travel this summer and average flight prices were also comparatively cheaper on that day. READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here  By contrast, August 1 was the busiest day of travel while July 21 and July 25 were also extremely popular. This means that British tourists could find a better deal and fewer queues if they wait until the end of the school summer holidays to travel. If Britons aren’t reliant on school holidays, they will find the best deals by waiting until September to travel. Over half of the least busy days were in September, when many popular destinations will still have great weather. Evan Day, Kayak UK Country Manager, said: “International travel is now back, but airlines and airports, who drastically reduced their workforce during the pandemic, are struggling to keep up. “In addition to avoiding the peak summer travel days in July and early August, consider the time of your flight too. “An early morning departure can often be the best option to avoid the sheer volume of people at the airport and often best traffic wise for getting there too. “Those wishing to avoid the crowd this summer might also want to reconsider travelling to the holiday hotspots like Spain and Portugal.” READ MORE: Best destination for expats in the world is ‘very friendly’ Some of this summer’s busiest destinations include Istanbul in Turkey and Bangkok in Thailand. Paris and Dubai were also extremely popular and tourists can expect to spend a lot on flights to go there. Antalya in Turkey and Barcelona, Majorca and Alicante in Spain were extremely popular in Kayak’s research. Tourists might also be able to get better deals for New York and Amsterdam if they’re prepared to wait until winter. Kayak recommended Tangiers in Morocco as a cheaper alternative for sun seeking British tourists. The port city in southwestern Morocco has sunny weather and beaches with calm water and golden sand. Toulouse was one of the best value options in southern France while Bari in Italy and Kos in Greece were great choices for sunseekers. Britons could also think outside the box with a holiday in Zadar, Vilnius or the Jersey islands for a better deal.