The broadcaster has been told it “must do better” after it handed a platform to an individual basking in the physical harm committed against their political opponents. One of the corporation’s radio presenters suggested his programme’s producers had not conducted enough research to discover the insulting language used by the athlete. Fallon Fox, an American former martial arts fighter, announced in 2020 a fondness of severely injuring those accused of “transphobia”. Fox, a biological male who was the first transgender athlete in MMA history, was so powerful in the ring that opponent Tamikka Brents (a biological female) was sent to hospital with a crushed skill and required surgical staples. Fox wrote in a post on Twitter: “For the record, I knocked two out. One woman’s skull was fractured, the other not. And just so you know, I enjoyed it. “See, I love smacking up TEFS [‘trans-exclusionary radical feminist’] in the cage who talk transphobia nonsense. “It’s bliss! Don’t be mad.” Fox included a winking and kissing emoji to the post. Last month, Fox appeared on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. This followed the decision for trans athletes who had gone through male puberty to be barred from women’s elite races. READ MORE: Russia preparing ‘next stage of offensive’ Fox’s past comments were not mentioned on the show. Fox’s appearance prompted a backlash from women’s groups. Fair Play For Women, a campaign group which focuses on women’s sport, wrote to the BBC: “Fox should never have been booked and an on-air apology is required.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Dr Nicola Williams, the group’s Director, also told the Telegraph: “If you knew that Fallon Fox was a trans fighter, you'd also know what Fallon Fox had said. “It's either that the woke producers didn't do the basics with research, or they didn't care. This apology means nothing unless they also issue an on-air clarification. “They must do due diligence on this topic by bringing on true experts, not just trans people for the sake of it.” The BBC Complaints Unit responded to criticism, however, insisting it was “unaware of previous comments made by Fallon Fox” and that if it was, “we would have conducted the interview differently”. The broadcaster also told the women’s group in a letter: “We have discussed your concerns with the team responsible and we'd like to apologise for this oversight.” Radio 4 presenter Justin Webb, who led the interview, said he had “no idea” of the comments “and the producers didn’t either”.