Paddy Pimblett has been warned about following in the footsteps of Conor McGregor to UFC stardom, after he secured a third straight victory on Saturday night. Pimblett’s name within the championship continues to grow, and this was helped after he defeated Jordan Leavitt in London over the weekend. The victory was his second successive win in the capital, but the Liverpudlian has warned he will not be fighting in the UK again unless it heads to his beloved Anfield, as he sets his sights on America. Despite having only fought three times, Pimblett has become one of the sport’s biggest names. As a result, ‘The Baddy’ has drawn comparisons to UFC great Conor McGregor, due to his confident and infectious personality both in and out of the octagon. However, Pimblett has been warned about following in the footsteps of McGregor in spite of their similarities by MMA veteran Dan Hardy. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Hardy said: “You know McGregor was able to leapfrog a lot of queues because he was very marketable and Paddy does have that, but that can also work against him because he can get leapfrogged up the division before he's ready to. JUST IN: Paddy Pimblett will surpass UFC icon Conor McGregor for three reasons “His best way of doing it is to manage his ability to talk his way into fights, and parlay that against fighting a whole bunch of people that are going to really be problems for him on the way up." Despite being one of UFC’s most recognised fighters at the moment, Pimblett currently finds himself unranked at 155lbs. Hardy, though, believes the ‘The Baddy’ has the profile to headline an event - especially in his home city of Liverpool. "I think you can pretty much build an event around him already," he added. "You think about Conor McGregor when he fought [Diego] Brandao in Dublin, which was one of the wildest and chaotic events you could have ever gone to. DON'T MISS: Paddy Pimblett has three next fight options after submitting Jordan Leavitt  “I think if you put Paddy in an arena in or around Liverpool it would be absolute bedlam, Molly [McCann] would be on the card as well." Pimblett - a huge Liverpool fan - addressed his hopes to fight at Anfield in the future, commenting: “I know I won’t be fighting in the [London] 02 again it’s too small, as I say we will do Anfield I promise you now. “Dana said he won’t do Anfield but he also said women will never fight in the UFC years ago and Ronda Rousey came along. He said he won’t do a stadium in the UK but The Baddy’s came along so we will.” 