In a statement, East of England Ambulance Service said three people were taken to hospital, including a firefighter, and one person had died. A spokesperson said: "One person was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment for leg injuries, while two people, one of whom was a firefighter, were conveyed to Bedford Hospital South Wing with smoke inhalation.” Two were suffering from smoke inhalation and a third, with serious leg injuries, was airlifted to Addenbrooke's Hospital. Befordshire Police Chief Superintendent, John Murphy, said it was possible more deaths will be discovered in coming days as emergency services search the area. He said: "Very sadly we know that at least one person has passed away in the explosion today. There is a possibility that there will be more fatalities discovered in the coming days as we continue to search through the scene and a number of people, as my colleague from the fire service has identified, were injured as well today."  British Red Cross workers are among those helping residents at a sports hall around a mile from Redwood Grove, which is being used as an emergency assistance centre. Around 20 people were at the John Bunyan Centre by 2pm, said Sarah Stevens, manager for community safety and resilience for Bedford Borough Council. She said the “majority” of people had “gone to friends and family so they’re safe and settled”. Ms Stevens said staff were assessing whether people would be given the option to stay in the hall overnight or offered “other forms of emergency accommodation”. “Hot food is on site, everyone’s been offered food, we’re working through lists of needs for people, medical requirements, clothing,” she said.  Pictures from the blaze show flames and smoke billowing out of the roof of the block of flats. Adam Fisher, 37, a sales worker whose office is nearby to the block of flats said he had heard a "huge explosion" and saw an "inferno" at the site. He said: "A huge explosion [was] heard - everyone went to our work car park to see what was happening. "Our building is adjacent to the apartment complex - immediately an inferno [was] visible, huge smoke cloud billowing, people screaming and people frantically calling for emergency services."  READ MORE: Sir Keir Starmer set to lay out Labour's plan to 'make Brexit work'  A spokesperson for Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed the blaze was due to a "major gas explosion". The spokesperson said: "We are currently in attendance at a major gas explosion on Redwood Grove, Bedford. "There are currently six appliances, two water carriers, an incident command unit at the scene. Please avoid the area and keep windows and doors closed."  Some residents took to Twitter to comment on the blaze. DON'T MISS:Putin under pressure as Kremlin growing 'upset' over sanctions [ANALYSIS]Hospitals fear the worst as COVID cases see a huge rise [INSIGHT]Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief [REPORT] Luke Larner said: "Big pillar of smoke and lots of sirens coming from Alban Retail park on the A6 in Bedford, area best avoided. Hope everyone is ok." Alex Feltham said: "Block of flats has exploded near Redwood Grove, really horrible. Hope everyone made it out. Air ambulance has arrived." He added: "Was in the office next door, the whole place shook. Thought the warehouse had collapsed, wasn't until went outside that we'd seen the gaping hole in the roof of the flats. The fire spread so quickly. Police then Fire turned up quickly." More to follow. 