If your TV is looking a little tired then it might be a good idea to check out some of the best Prime Day deals available today. The retail giant has just launched its yearly Prime Day sale and Samsung's range of TVs are getting some of the biggest ever price cuts we've ever seen. In fact, some of these screens are now 50 percent cheaper than before with prices starting from as little as £279. These deals are available for Prime members only but you can sign up for free here. There are a number of screen sizes available in the sale with all of the cut-priced tellies offering 4K picture quality and full smart features which allow owners to access content from platforms such as Netflix, Apple TV+ and Disney+ without needing additional streaming devices. Perhaps the best deal is on Samsung's 55-inch AU8000 which has a staggering 51 percent off its original price in the Prime Day sale. This telly features a pin-sharp 4K screen with HDR10+ technology for an even more immersive experience. There's also impressive sound which adapts to the room you place it in and it comes with Alexa built-in so you can control smart devices, check the weather and ask questions via simple voice commands. The Samsung AU8000 was £769 but, right now, that price has been slashed to just £380. HERE ARE ALL THE BEST SAMSUNG TV DEALS Samsung AU8000 43-inch • NOW £279 - SAVE 49%SEE THE DEAL HERE Samsung AU8000 55-inch • NOW £369 - SAVE 51%SEE THE DEAL HERE Samsung AU8000 65-inch • NOW £499 - SAVE 50%SEE THE DEAL HERE Samsung TU7020 75-inch • NOW £649 - SAVE 19%SEE THE DEAL HERE Samsung UE55TU7020 55-inch • NOW £349 - SAVE 27%SEE THE DEAL HERE Along with Samsung TVs getting a price cut there are also plenty of offers on other screens from firms including Sony, LG and Philips. You can see all the Prime Day TV offers here Of course, to grab these huge discounts you'll need to be a Prime member which usually costs £7.99 per month. However, there is a simple way to sign up today and pay nothing for Prime with Amazon offering a 30-day free trial for all new customers. As long as you cancel the membership next month you'll get all the Prime Day deals without paying a penny extra. Of course, it's not just access to the sale event that you get as part of Prime as this service also offers movie and music streaming along with faster delivery with some products sent the same day. Prime also includes unlimited storage for your holiday snaps via Amazon Photos and you can share these benefits with other people in your home. “Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day,” said John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon. “From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile.” READ MORE