Nick Kyrgios has looked back on his run to the Wimbledon final for the first time since reaching a maiden championship match at a Grand Slam. The Aussie took the first set against Novak Djokovic before falling in four, and is now playing his first tournament since at the Atlanta Open before heading to Washington. Kyrgios reached his first-ever Grand Slam final aged 27 at Wimbledon earlier this month, beating the likes of fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas en route to a career-best result. And he started strong against top seed Djokovic in the final, taking the opener 6-4 before the Serb captured a seventh crown at SW19 with a 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3) win. The Australian was in good spirits after the final and branded Djokovic a “god” before joking about his frosty relationship with umpires, but he has now explained his fortnight at the All England Club for the first time as he gears up for the North American hard-court swing. "You can lose a Grand Slam in one day, but you can't win it in that time, it takes a lot more,” he said of his attempt to lift the Wimbledon trophy. Speaking to the Citi Open tournament in Washington, where he will compete after an appearance in Atlanta this week, he continued: “You play a match, win, then take a day off, then play again and then take a day off again. You have to have the mental capacity to do two week after week you do the same things at the highest level.” JUST IN: Raducanu 'didn't train for eight months' a year before winning US Open  And the world No 47 admitted that it hadn’t been an easy two weeks, struggling physically and mentally at different points throughout the tournament. “A lot of unpredictable things can happen,” he continued. “Maybe one day you'll feel bad, like it happened to me before the match with Filip Krajinovic. Your body hurts. I couldn't sleep for two days after Rafael Nadal withdrew from the semi-finals of Wimbledon, although physically I felt great, but mentally I was not ready.” DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu explains being 'isolated' for choosing tennis careerFederer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray's 'Fab Five' team may be bannedCarlos Alcaraz follows footsteps of Rafael Nadal with another record  Kyrgios admitted he thought the mental aspect was important to win a Major, admitting that his opponent appeared as though he hadn’t played a match throughout the fortnight as he added: “"You have to be a mental animal to win a Grand Slam. Now I give more respect to Djokovic, Federer and Nadal.  “I played with Novak Djokovic in the final. I felt like he was fresh, like he hadn't played tennis in the previous two weeks. He didn't seem shaken for a moment.” 