Jane McDonald is a seasoned cruiser. Having started her career on ships singing, the TV presenter knows exactly what a cruise holiday is like. She shared her top tips when it comes to packing your suitcase, as well as what to expect onboard. Jane previously recommended splitting your clothes into two occasions to ensure you take just enough, but not too much onboard. “Separate your clothes into day and evening wear,” she said. “That way, you’ll know exactly what you’re packing for each day so you won’t end up taking too much or worse, the wrong things." And if you’re heading to Vietnam or Cambodia, Jane suggests not packing much at all. READ MORE: The Cruise: Captain shares why ship leaves people behind “If you are coming to this part of the world, don’t pack," she advised. "Because everything is really cheap." However, she did recommend bringing a waterproof coat as these parts of the world are “tropical”. No matter where Jane travels, she always ensures there is room for one home comfort. Disappointed by the weak blends she finds on board, Jane travels with her own Yorkshire tea. DON'T MISS...Charles ‘ignores’ Camilla in public - body language expert claims [COMMENT]Food hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p [VIDEO]Meghan Markle’s style choice that indicated her future with Harry [FASHION] She joked over the quantity she takes too: “I usually need an extra case just for the tea bags!” If you’re new to cruising, Jane suggests embarking on a river cruise first. After thirty years of cruising, as a performer, professional reviewer and paying guest, it might be surprising to hear that Jane is a cheerleader for classic European river, but there’s a good reason. “Yes I do say river cruises for first-time cruisers as you wouldn’t believe the number of people who tell me they are put off cruising by the fear of being in open water,” Jane said. READ MORE: Jane McDonald’s top tip to not get lost on a cruise ship cruise “On river cruises you can see the shore, which helps with the nerves, plus you’re right in the heart of the city when you dock.” One of her favourite cruises is the ocean-going Silversea, a luxury cruise-liner sailing across Africa, the Indian Ocean, East Asia, Northern Europe and the Mediterranean. “It was the golden ticket when I was a singer, you see, because you got your own suite and a free bar,” she explained. “I never got to sing on Silverseas; so there’s something special in the fact that I can afford to do it now.” Jane also said travellers shouldn’t think of cruises as not a proper holiday - there really is a cruise ship for all types of holidaymakers. "Back in the 90s cruising was for well-to-do retirees,” she explained. “Now there’s something for everyone, from ocean cruises for families to ships with theatres bigger than anything in the West End.”