Cristiano Ronaldo is expected to miss Manchester United's entire tour after citing personal reasons for his absence. However, Erik ten Hag is set to announce a new transfer by the end of the week. United are planning the rest of their pre-season tour without the services of Ronaldo this summer. The Portugal international has not trained with the Red Devils since telling them that he wants to leave in the current transfer window. He was supposed to return to Carrington last week but failed to turn up. The club have given him extra time off after citing family reasons for his time away and he was not present as United jetted off to Australia and Thailand last week for their pre-season tour. Ronaldo's absence is a blow to both the club and Ten Hag, who would have been a major commercial boost as well as getting the chance to work closely with the new Red Devils manager. And according to the Mirror, United are not expecting the five-time Ballon d'Or winner to make his way Down Under and the plan is to go ahead without him. That will raise fresh doubts over whether the 37-year-old will be in a red shirt by the time the Premier League season starts. However, there has been some good news after an agreement was reached with Christian Eriksen, who left Brentford at the end of the season to become a free agent. The Denmark international has signed a three-year contract with the Red Devils and is expected to be announced as a new signing by the end of the week. The former Tottenham star will become the second signing of the Ten Hag era after a deal was already clinched for Tyrell Malacia. But the Frenkie de Jong saga continues after it emerged that Barcelona still owe the midfielder nearly £17million in wages. As for Ronaldo, the player is struggling to find a club to take on his services as he searches for a Champions League team. Chelsea and Bayern Munich have been the most linked while Italian clubs such as Napoli and AS Roma have also been tentatively interested. The former Real Madrid and Juventus frontman takes home around £480,000-a-week at United and has one year left on his contract. However, the Portuguese superstar is happy to take a huge wage cut in a bid to push through a move from Old Trafford.