Red Bull boss Christian Horner fired a shot at Mercedes by suggesting they bottled an opportunity for Lewis Hamilton to win the British Grand Prix on Sunday. Horner believes the Silver Arrows made an error when they decided to put the seven-time world champion on hard tyres rather than soft before Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz took his maiden F1 win. Hamilton was in the lead of the race at Silverstone after he didn’t pit following the opening lap restart, and he appeared comfortable on medium tyres. However, Mercedes opted to bring Hamilton in on lap 33 and placed him on the safer harder compound rather than the faster, less durable soft compound. With 19 laps remaining, Hamilton would later pit again due to a late Safety Car. However, Horner believes his old rival Toto Wolff, the Mercedes team principal, erred with the strategy as Hamilton wasn’t able to utilise the undercut effectively to pass Ferrari duo Charles Leclerc and Sainz. In the end, Sainz went on to secure his maiden win while Hamilton secured P3 behind Red Bull star Sergio Perez. The 37-year-old was denied a shot at a record-extending eighth British Grand Prix win after a slow pit stop prior to the late drama. READ MORE: Gary Lineker divides fans after supporting Silverstone protestors “I was actually surprised that Lewis, with the amount of laps to go, and the degradation that he’s shown, didn’t take a soft,” Horner said. “He went onto the hard tyre on lap 33 and I actually thought he was going to go on to the soft, because that would have made it much easier for him to make the offset in grip. “It felt like they [Ferrari] have maybe been let off the hook there.” Hamilton felt he could have recorded a stunning ninth win at Silverstone if luck was on his side. A slow pit stop saw him fail to undercut Sainz and Leclerc in the dying stages, while he admirably battled Red Bull’s Perez but was narrowly pipped to second by the Mexican. “I was doing good times and catching them up and had a really good, long stint and I really thought maybe we could fight for the win, but unfortunately the gaps were a bit too big and the pit stop was not very good,” Hamilton concluded. “At the end I struggled with the warm-up and lost out to two cars. It was so tough today.” DON'T MISSPhillip Schofield, wife and daughter travel to Silverstone in chopperHamilton clear on British GP protestors after Silverstone incidentHamilton takes thinly-veiled swipe at Verstappen after British GP As for Horner’s team, it was very much a mixed bag as Perez fought back from early front-wing damage to secure second. Championship leader Verstappen suffered damage to his car and only managed to cross the line in seventh. The Dutchman suffered a puncture while leading to go with irreparable - but not critical - damage to the bodywork of his Red Bull. He ultimately picked up six points and now leads teammate Perez by 37 points in the Drivers’ Standings. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Austrian Grand Prix at the Red Bull Ring on July 10.