Shakira, 45, could potentially face jail time if convicted after a prosecutor is seeking a prison term of eight years for the Colombian superstar over a 14.5 million-euro tax fraud case, a prosecutor's office document showed on Friday. The 45-year-old is charged with defrauding the Spanish treasury out of millions over a three-year period between 2012 and 2014. Spanish prosecutors are pushing for the highest possible sentence over six separate counts of tax fraud totalling 14.5 million euros (£12.2m). As well as an eight-year prison sentence, state prosecutors want the mum-of-two to be slapped with a 23 million euro fine (£19.2m) if convicted. The singer, who has sold more than 80 million records worldwide with hits such as Hips Don't Lie, earlier this week rejected a settlement offer from the prosecutor's office to close the case. She has been accused of failing to pay taxes between 2012 and 2014, a period in which Shakira says she did not live in Spain. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong' She has already paid out an estimated three million euros (£2.5m) to the Spanish taxman. According to Reuters, the prosecutor's document asserts that Shakira was ordinarily resident in Spain between 2012 and 2014 and in May 2012 bought a house in Barcelona which became a family home for herself, her now ex-partner Gerard Pique and their son born in Spain in 2013. No date for a trial has been set yet. The star was accused of tax evasion in 2018.   Shakira has said she repaid the money authorities said she owed, plus interest. People who spend more than six months in the country are considered residents for tax purposes. The terms of the earlier settlement offer she rejected are not known. Shakira - full name Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll - split with Barcelona star Pique earlier this year.  DON'T MISS... Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong'[LATEST]‘Irreparable’ Will Smith addresses Oscars 'trauma' emotional new video[VIDEO]Devastated Declan Donnelly carries brother's coffin at funeral[TRIBUTES] The couple, who share two children together, confirmed the news back in June. In a joint statement that read: "We regret to confirm that we are parting ways. "For the well-being of our children, who are our highest priority, we ask that you respect their privacy. Thank you for your understanding." Shakira and Gerard started dating in 2011 but never married. They are proud parents to sons, Milan, nine, and seven-year-old Sasha. Meanwhile, Shakira has had cause to celebrate after her latest single Te Felicito has received over 200 million streams on Spotify. Taking to her official Twitter account, which boasts 53 million followers, the Hips Don't Lie hitmaker penned: "200 million streams. "Thank you so much for your support."  