Houseplants are an easy way to bring the outdoors into your property, but keeping them alive and healthy can be a challenge if you don't properly research your plants' specific needs. Although all plants need sunlight and water to survive, the amount they need varies between species, and between seasons. According to experts from Den Garden: "Just like humans, indoor plants get sunburned. "Bright hot sun on an indoor plant will surely scorch the foliage leaves." After a scoring heatwave with temperatures reaching 40C in parts of the country, many Britons may have been fighting to keep their home cool. However, as well as making the temperature of your home uncomfortable, the hot weather may have also impacted your plants. READ MORE: How to save your lawn without watering: 6 steps to ‘promote growth’ Although houseplants need sunlight, many prefer to be situated out of direct sunlight. This is because too much sunlight can scorch them and even lead to sunscald. The Den Garden experts explained: "During warmer weather, the sun tends to have an insidious effect on indoor plants. "Even if the plants are in the sun for a few minutes, the sunburn spots appear on the surface hours later." READ MORE: How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' Just like our skin, the leaves of your plant will change colour if they get too much sun. Typically, they will turn yellow or white if the sun exposure is serious enough. Plants exposed to high temperatures may also begin to wilt, which can be a sign of heat stress. Experts from Gardening Know How explained: "Generally, heat stress of a plant will show itself by wilting, which is a sure sign that water loss has taken place. "If this is ignored, the condition will worsen, as the plants will eventually dry up, turning a crunchy brown before dying. "In some cases, yellowing of the leaves may occur." DON'T MISSMick Jagger's beautiful Grade II listed home on the Thames [REVEALED]'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower [COMMENT]'They are gone!' Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of of drain flies [EXPLAINER] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The main thing to understand is whether your plant liked direct sunlight or not. Some plants, such as succulents, thrive beneath the blaring sun. Heat and sunlight can be magnified for plants positioned close to windows so if you think your plant is suffering as a result of either of these things, it is time to move it to an area of indirect light. If there is a room in your home which is slightly cooler, this may also help wilting plants, however, you must ensure they are still getting enough light. Once a plant is sunburnt, you will not be able to reuse the leaves. The best thing to do is to cut off the damaged areas and ensure your plant has enough water. Hydrating your plant should also help to give wilting leaves a boost. You can check whether your houseplant needs water by sticking your finger approximately one inch into the soil or potting mix. If it feels dry to the touch, it's time to give your plant some H2O.