The candidates to be next leader of the Conservative Party clashed over a number of issues on Friday during Channel 4's debate, including taxes, energy and the NHS. Opinium ran a survey immediately after the debate, asking 1,000 normal people who they thought won. Surprisingly, lesser-fancied Tom Tugendhat was deemed the winner with 36 percent saying he performed best. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak came second with 25 percent. Penny Mordaunt and Kemi Badenoch received 12 percent of the vote each, while Liz Truss came last with just 6 percent. Ms Truss and Mr Sunak were the favourites going into the race, having served in Boris Johnson's Cabinet. In fact, various reports have indicated that they have been planning their bids for a while. In October last year, Tom Newton-Dunn reported for the Evening Standard that "Team Rishi" were not impressed after Ms Truss made a good impression at the Tory Party conference. One Cabinet minister, who is sympathetic to Mr Sunak, derided those who had swayed towards Ms Truss, saying: "Truss mania is getting to their heads." Mr Newton-Dunn added that Ms Truss had become "Sunak’s torturer-in-chief", having been known to challenge his fiscal policy in Cabinet meetings. Mr Sunak got his own back in last night's leadership debate, hitting out at Ms Truss' "fairytale" economic plan. Calling his opponent out by name, Mr Sunak said: "Liz, we have to be honest. Borrowing your way out of inflation isn’t a plan, it’s a fairytale." Ms Truss countered Mr Sunak, saying: "You cannot tax your way to growth." She argued the Covid-19 pandemic was a once in a century event and that debt from supporting the country should be treated like "war debt". The Tory MPs clashed on the timing and scale of tax cuts Fellow contender Ms Mordaunt struggled to outline how she would pay for the two tax cuts she had promised. READ MORE: Penny Mordaunt's swipe at Rishi Sunak The Trade Minister has vowed to cut VAT on fuel and increase income tax thresholds in line with inflation, but Mr Sunak said this would cost around £15billion. Ms Mordaunt said: "My economic platform is not based on tax and spend, it's based on growth and competition." But Mr Sunak responded: "Even the pledges you've made are double-digit billion-pound promises. "The best way to help everyone, the best way to make sure that they have money in their pocket, is to get a grip of inflation - and that should be everybody's priority, because that's the thing that's going to erode everyone's living standards." DON'T MISSLiz Truss promises tax bonfire in swipe at Green Levy and NI hikeSunak ally forced to defend ex-Chancellor's record in fierce clashCareful what you wish for Tories things are a lot different than 2019 Ms Mordaunt replied: "Two things, Rishi, that you haven't realised – that is, I know you know people are going to need more help this autumn, but actually people need help now and you are going to have to do something on taxation. "Next April we are going to be one of the most uncompetitive nations in terms of our tax competitiveness ... that cannot be allowed to happen." Both Ms Truss and Mr Sunak will be concerned with a poll that came out earlier this week. YouGov's poll found that Ms Mordaunt is the clear favourite among Tory members. She won 27 percent of members' backing, beating Kemi Badenoch who was second with 15 percent. Mr Sunak and Ms Truss were joint third with 13 percent.