Starz’s hit drama Outlander is expected to return to screens in 2023 and pick up from season six’s cliffhanger ending. With fans hoping Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) will be able to rescue his imprisoned wife, the actor opened up about his character’s future and hinted at his death.  The season six finale saw Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) wrongly imprisoned for the death of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). After almost being shipped abroad, her husband Jamie Fraser raced against time to try and rescue her from behind bars. Although Claire proclaimed her innocence, she had been wrongly accused as Malva was found dead in her garden. With Outlander’s imminent return approaching fans are looking forward to seeing the real villain shamefully exposed. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew Season seven is going to be influenced by Diana Gabaldon’s seventh novel in her Outlander series, A Echo in the Bone. The author had previously announced she had started to write her 10th novel, however, fans have shared doubts whether the tv series would continue to its 10th instalment. Sharing the same view was Jamie star Sam Heughan who also hinted at his character’s death in the upcoming episodes. In an interview with Gold Derby, the actor dropped clues that the multiple occasions where Jamie cheated death could finally catch up with him.  Hueghan revealed: “When I read these scripts and think about it, he keeps talking about it, Jamie and I always feel like he knows. “He’s not afraid of death and he’s seen it a number of times, most in particularly I think in Culloden, he saw the corridor and whatever is beyond that and he got pulled back.” The actor continued: “There’s something about Jamie and death, he understands it, he’s lived around it and he’s very much at ease with it. “So, therefore, I think he might even see the signs around him where he’s like ‘These things keep happening you know it can’t be much longer.”  DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [INSIGHT]Outlander explained: Did John Bell shave his head for Young Ian? [EXPLAINER]Outlander's Malva Christie star on sex scenes ‘Most exposing thing' [INSIGHT] However, the actor quickly issued a disclaimer: “This is all literally me, I don’t know myself, but I’m just questioning it as we keep getting these scenes that keep coming up.” Throughout the series, Jamie survived many near-death and life-threatening moments, which Claire has also kept track of. This included a leg injury which became inflamed and infected and Claire had to use her skills as a nurse to operate on him and remove a bullet from his skull. As well as surviving being slashed with knives and swords, Jamie also overcame a poisonous snakebite which put him on his deathbed.  Speaking more on Jamie’s intuitive feeling about his death, Sam said: “I don’t even know if it’s intentional, I think it’s something more natural than that. “I think Jamie picks up on these things because he’s a superstitious man, he’s in tune with the seasons and the land.” The actor explained: “I’m pretty sure Diana [Gabaldon] has woven that into her books without us realising, it's very organic.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 