The rebate has been available to all eligible households since April 1 and local authorities have until September 30 to pay all eligible households. Around five million households are said to be waiting for their payment. It is understood that many of the homes still waiting may not pay their council tax by direct debit. People who use direct debit to pay will already have given their bank details to their local council, making it easier for the authority to pay the £150 automatically. Those who don't have direct debits set up with their council will need to register to get it. Most councils have methods in place to pay those who don't pay their council tax by direct debit. These methods range from allowing households to share their bank details with their local authority through an online form, or by simply sending households Post Office vouchers to redeem the cash in branch. However, it is important to make sure that someone redeems the voucher before its expiry date else or they’ll lose access to the rebate in cash as it'll be credited to their council tax account. Britons should check their local council's website and social media pages for the latest updates on when they will get the cash if they’re still waiting. People have only a few weeks left to apply for the £150 council tax rebate in cash if they do not pay council tax through direct debit. The council tax rebate is available to people living in properties in council tax bands A, B, C or D in England and Wales. The deadline for receiving the money is September 30; the first payments began to be sent out on April 1. People can find out which band they’re in by using the postcode checker on the Government website. Anyone looking for information about timescales or any issues affecting the payment of the rebate should visit their local council's website, which should have dedicated page about the initiative, or give them a call. Levelling Up Secretary Greg Clark said: “The cost of living is at the forefront of everyone’s minds and the support the government has put in place is helping millions of households. “We want to make sure everyone who is entitled to this cash receives it, so I urge people to check their bank accounts and speak to their council if they are yet to receive their £150 council tax rebate.” The Government is giving vulnerable households support worth £1,200 this year. As well as the £150 council tax rebate, this includes a one-off £650 payment to low-income households on benefits. Pensioners will also receive a £300 payment in November/December alongside the winter fuel payment, while £150 will be paid by September to individuals receiving disability benefits. Every household in the country will get a £400 discount on energy bills. If someone doesn’t live in a property in council tax bands A-D, but are in need of extra support to help with the rising cost of living, there is a discretionary funding is available. The Government announced a separate £144million fund which local councils can dish out to vulnerable and low income households. There is no timeline for when discretionary fund payments should start but the guidance that has been given to councils stated that they will need to spend the money by November 30 2022 or return it to Central Government. How much each council received for their discretionary fund depended on multiple factors. People may get up to £300 to help with your bills.