This takes the total number of Government resignations to 53 in the last 48 hours. Brandon Lewis resigned as Northern Ireland Minister this morning. Within an hour of Mr Lewis handing in his resignation, Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury Helen Whately, Security Minister Damien Hinds, Science Minister George Freeman, Technology Minister Chris Philp, Justice Minister James Cartlidge and Pensions Minister Guy Opperman all announced they would be stepping down. Announcing his resignation, Mr Lewis took a swipe at the Prime Minister, saying "the whole country deserves better". The Great Yarmouth MP told Mr Johnson that "we are now, however, past the point of no return", added: "I cannot sacrifice my personal integrity to defend things as they stand now." Posting on Twitter, he noted: "A decent and responsible Government relies on honesty, integrity and mutual respect". Just minutes after Mr Lewis handed in his resignation, Helen Whately announced her resignation as Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury.   The MP for Faversham and Mid Kent said in a resignation letter posted on Twitter that she believed Boris Johnson's "vision for our country and your mission to level-up has inspired and galvanised people". But she added: "I have argued that you should continue as Prime Minister many times in recent months, but there are only so many times you can apologise and move on. "That point has been reached." Security Minister Damien Hinds also handed in his resignation this morning, warning Mr Johnson: "It shouldn’t take the resignation of dozens of colleagues, but for our country, and trust in our democracy, we must have a change of leadership."  In his letter, he added: "As Prime Mniister you have great achievements to your name, not least your leadership in delivering our world-leading vaccination programme, and our support to the people of Ukraine in the fact of Putin's brutality. But more important than any government or leader are the standards we uphold in public life and faith in our democracy and public administration. He claimed a "serious erosion" in public standards had taken place. Science Minister George Freeman also announced his resignation this morning, saying: "Enough is enough. This can’t go on." He added: "The chaos in No10, the breakdown of Cabinet collective responsibility, the abandonment of the Ministerial code, the defence of impropriety & defiance of Parliament are all insults to the Conservatism I believe in and stand for."  Over the last 48 hours, Boris Johnson has faced a mass exodus of Government staff members. The chaos began after Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid handed in their resignations on Tuesday evening. The resignations came in the wake of allegations surrounding deputy chief whip Chris Pincher, with Downing Street confirming that it knew about 2019 allegations of sexual misconduct levelled against Chris Pincher. Mr Johnson had previously denied knowing about the allegations. Despite the calls for him to resign, the Prime Minister is expected to press ahead with a reshuffle today. However, there could be a vote of confidence in Mr Johnson as soon as Tuesday.