The Prime Minister mocked the two rival countries on the continent for failing to keep pace with Team GB's success in the Olympics and Paralympic games since 2012. Gently teasing, he even suggested the pair should be allowed in to compete in the Commonwealth Games along with the rest of the EU. Mr Johnson told the Commonwealth Business Forum in Birmingham: "Never forget that since London 2012, this country has been - I think I am right in this, I didn't check the statistic but it's too good to check - this country has been at or near the top of the global medal table. Hasn't it? I think it has. "An amazing feat for a country that represents only 0.87 percent of the world population. "I think we have consistently beaten France. "Every time we have consistently beaten Germany." READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG He added: "France and Germany are not members of the Commonwealth or not yet, why not? Get them in. "Get the whole EU in. A logical solution." In last year's Olympics in Tokyo, the UK won a total of 65 medals, including 22 golds. It came fourth overall, behind the US, China and host nation Japan. Team GB won more than any other European nation. France won just 33 medals and Germany 37 - with both countries securing 10 golds each. READ MORE: Brexit trade war looms for next PM as EU and UK continue to battle  in the Paralympics, Britain finished second behind China with 124 medals, 41 of which were gold. France and Germany failed to even make it into the top 10. Wishing the best to Team GB at the Commonwealth games, Mr Johnson continued: "Whatever happens at these games, I know that they will be an amazing success. "We will harness the spirit of Birmingham 2022 to drive jobs and growth here in the West Midlands and across the country for a generation to come." DON'T MISS:Europe doing all it can to frustrate us in Brexit, says Keith Woods [REACTION]Report slams hated Brexit legislation for 'FAMINE' of economic impacts [UPDATE]New PM faces Brexit-style revolution if they fail to cut energy bills [WARNING] The Commonwealth is made up of 56 different countries, the vast majority of which used to make up the British Empire, and is home to 2.5 billion people across the world. Over the next 11 days, more than 5,000 athletes will compete in 280 events across 19 sports. The Games open today and are set to be the biggest sporting festival in the UK since the London Olympics a decade ago. The UK has coughed up £778million to pay for hosting the games, but Mr Johnson said he was confident the legacy would be worth the investment. "People say, can we afford it? Should we have done it with the pressure on the cost of living? Will there be a legacy from the £778million of taxpayers' money that has gone into these Games?" he said. "And so right now, I want you to know I am here to tell you that I am supremely confident that the answer to that question is yes. "A thousand times, yes. I say so because I remember, almost exactly 10 years ago, an identical moment of nerves just before the beginning of the London 2012 Games." He said the legacy of the Olympics in the capital was still bringing "thousands of jobs, growth, regeneration" to this day.