The Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton gave birth to her daughter two weeks ago, according to People. The couple already had two children: Arthur and Grace. Parenting expert Gifty Enright commented on how James and Pippa's life will be now that they are raising three children. She explained: "Having three children is a world away from having two. For starters nearly everything is setup for a family of four so when it becomes five, it requires a lot of ‘out of the box’ thinking when it comes to the logistics. "Then there is the parenting style required to parent three children. While it is possible for parents to believe they can split their time evenly between two kids, when there is a third involved, there is always the possibility of one feeling left out. "It is easy for the first child to retain that special feeling of everything they do being novel for their parents, then the second child comes along and everything in terms of the workload for parents practically doubles. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage "This can leave them heaving under the weight of their responsibilities as the novelty wears off." Gifty said that by the third child, Pippa Middleton and James Matthews "are more experienced and perhaps more relaxed as parents". "If that child becomes their last, then it turns out to be the baby of the family and gets that special attention," she said. The parenting expert warned that "parents have to be careful to ensure that all their kids, regardless of the pecking order, get the required attention otherwise it can inform their personalities and this can be a tight rope to walk."  But will Pippa's parenting be similar to her sister's Kate now that both have three children? According to body language expert Judi James, Kate and Pippa’s parenting style is, and will always be, completely different. This is because Pippa can live a semi-normal family life. After analysing photographs of the sisters with their children, Judi said there is "a world of difference between Kate and Pippa when it comes to their parenting poses". READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb “Pippa does appear to have inherited the Middleton knack of looking breezily calm and beautiful despite being loaded up with one small child walking beside her clutching the pram; a baby inside the pram, plus a whole load of baggage on the pram. “Although Kate, as future Queen and mother of a future King, is the consummate pro in terms of presenting the pitch-perfect, immaculate royal family moments, it’s easy to have a sneaky suspicion that she might actually envy Pippa for her ability to stride out in comfort wearing trainers, macs and shades," she said. Judi continued: “Kate’s elegant exterior suggests the swan through water comparison. "Looking calm and beautiful on the surface while paddling away furiously underneath to achieve that effect. “Her royal role shows her leading two or possible three young children clad in heels and the kind of stylish outfits that are not child-friendly." Judi explained when they appear in public, Kate "uses touch rituals and eye contact or face-watching as her tie-signs and these can be a constant form of non-verbal reassurance, checking and communication touches that will help her tune in to her children. “For Pippa the bonding looks a lot more relaxed. Looking down at her small child with pride she’s got fewer eyes on her and less public scrutiny, allowing what might be a more practical approach, with her hair tied back and a fond-looking smile on her face.”