The country's Defence Minister Vasile Dincu said the crash resulted in no injuries because the unmanned aircraft fell in a cornfield in an uninhabited area near Romanian Air Force 71st Air Base in Campia Turzii. He said: “The USAF is carrying out the initial investigation right now. We are also in contact with them, we will support them if needed.” The USAF deployed MQ-9 Reaper drones, worth £27million each, in May of last year, along with roughly 90 airmen in support of NATO operations in the region. The Reaper drones are conduct intelligence operations, surveillance, and reconnaissance missions. Speaking about their deployment in February 2021, Colonel Timothy Monroe, 25th ATKG commander, said: "This is an exciting moment where we can showcase the value of the MQ-9 across the globe, not just in the Middle East. “We can demonstrate to our NATO allies and coalition partners that, when our Airmen are given the most difficult tasks, we rise to the occasion and bring the best of who we are to every mission that we accomplish.” Colonel Stephen Jones, 432nd Wing and 432nd Air Expeditionary Wing commander, added: “Standing up active-duty Reaper combat lines in the European theater is a significant milestone for the RPA community. “We intend to move to evolve our weapon system to survive and provide critical capabilities in contested environments. "The support from our partners in Europe has been outstanding, and we are proud of achieving operational capability ahead of schedule.” READ MORE: Putin humiliated as botched Snake Island assault sees Russia bomb sea At the time of the deployment, there was no indication as to whether or not it would be permanent, although the announement was far from unexpected. In 2018, Defence News reported in that the USAF had built a hangar at 71st Air Base capable of accommodating the drones. The UK purchased MQ-9 Reapers in 2006, deploying them in Afghanistan the following year. DON'T MISSPutin's Ukraine war boost from IRAN [REVEAL]Will Russia attack Lithuania? The countries Putin could invade [INSIGHT]Ukraine plans million-strong army to take Black Sea ports [SPOTLIGHT] In total, five Reapers were able to offer 36 hours of combined surveillance coverage in the country, with individual sorties of up to 16 hours. An additional five drones doubled the total to 72 hours. RAF Reapers flew a total of 71,000 flight hours in Afghanistan, dropping 510 guided weapons. A surveillance mission over Syria was undertaken by RAF Reapers based at RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus in November 2014, followed by four more in December 2014, and eight more in January 2015. They were used in an air strike which killed two British Islamic State jihadists who died in Syria were killed in September 2015, then-Prime Minister David Cameron announced. "The Turkish-made Bayraktar TB2 combat drone, an intimidating-looking flying death machine with a 12-meter wingspan that carries up to four laser-guided bombs, began its ascent to icon status in the opening days of the war. "Grainy videos began appearing on social media with stunning regularity, showing attacks on Russian military columns and armored vehicles. Ukrainians — and the rest of the world — took notice. "The hype surrounding the Bayraktar is earned. According to the Oryx blog, which uses open-source reports to track equipment losses on both sides, the TB2 has taken out six Russian armored vehicles, five artillery systems, six naval ships and more than a dozen missile systems, among other targets."