The Last Kingdom's Sonya Cassidy had nothing but praise for co-star and rookie director Alexander Dreymon. The Eadgifu actress expressed her disbelief as the "brilliant" first-time leader sat in the chair with little experience behind him. Sonya Cassidy has shared she was surprised to learn Alexander Dreymon was trying his hand at directing episodes for the first time after his stellar debut. Playing the role of Kent local Eadgifu, the star revealed she wants to work with the Uhtred actor in the future. She noted the differences on set when being directed by a fellow actor and credited his work for the epic episodes that viewers were treated to during season five. The actor-turned director fronts the Netflix drama series as the leading character Uhtred. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew Gushing over her experience with Alexander, Sonya said: "I really enjoyed working with Alex as a director, and I have to say you would not have known that it was his first time directing an episode of such an epic show like this. "He was brilliant." She continued: "It’s a lovely thing to be directed by a fellow actor, and he just took to it with flying colours, and I hope that there is more directing in his future." Aside from his skills behind the camera, the Eadgifu actress shared why she thought Alexander's character had such audience appeal. "What I’m most struck by is the inner strength that Uhtred has, and I don’t think you would have fans returning to season five of a show if it were just down to Alexander Dreymon’s muscles," she revealed. Ultimately, Sonya thinks it is his ability to be the show's "moral compass" that draws viewers and other characters to him. She continued: "I really like Uhtred, I’ve loved watching his story come to life. "We have seen him deal with tremendous pain and come out of it as someone who is essentially a really good man." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Eadith pays tribute to ‘amazing’ Alexander Dreymon [TRIBUTE]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth knew season 5 would be last [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom star praises Alexander Dreymon’s directing [INSIGHT] Eadgifu first came onto screens in episode two when she arrived at Wessex to ask the king for help with her home problems. Following her father's death, she was left land that a man called Goda was trying to steal. She went to the King only to solve the issue and then hoped to go home and carry on with life. However, Eadgifu realises she and Edward met many, many years ago and sparks start to fly. Revealing what fans can expect from season five of the show, Sonya teased fans will be treated with the same amount of drama that hooked them in season one. She said: "What our audience can expect for season five is everything that brought them to season one and has kept them there through season four...and then some. "Season five is epic, and beautiful, and terrifying, and sad and there’s a culmination of everything we’ve seen brewing steadily throughout the first four seasons." The Last Kingdom airs on Netflix.