Experts are forecasting an economic downturn is imminent amid rising inflation and energy bills, which are pushing households into poverty. As it stands, inflation sits at 9.1 percent and energy bills are predicted to rise to £3,200 by October of this year. In light of this, many people are looking for ways to manage their finances better, including debt, as a possible recession looks to be on the horizon. Recently, credit management firm Lowells revealed what terms and questions Britons are looking up on Google regarding debt. Among the queries were "what happens to debt when you die?" and "what happens to debt when you get divorced?". This shows that the country is interested in learning more about debt and may need to become better informed amid the looming recession. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, John Pears, the CEO of Lowells, discussed how people can better manage their debt in a cost of living crisis. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Mr Pears explained: “The best way of managing debt, whether there’s a cost-of-living crisis or not, is to engage with your creditors and talk through your options. “Creditors like Lowell can work with you to put in place a long-term plan for paying off your debts, where you'll never have to pay more than you can afford. “People are often put off from reaching out because there’s a stigma around debt, but many customers tell Lowell that they feel like a huge weight is lifted off their shoulders when they talk to us." The debt export also shared what he thinks the biggest misconceptions are regarding falling into financial distress.  He added: “One of the biggest misconceptions is that people get into debt because they have been irresponsible or reckless with money. “The reality is that problem debt can happen to anyone, with many struggling due to an unforeseen life event or change in their circumstances, like a relationship breakdown or sudden job loss. “Once people find themselves in trouble financially – often through no fault of their own – it’s so easy for debt/s to spiral out of control. “There’s also such stigma around debt, with many people feeling too embarrassed to talk about money problems with their close friends or family.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “All of these factors can build up, causing many people to feel isolated and stuck, with no way out.“ However, the finance expert shared what can be done to help people navigate out of debt even in the midst of a recession. “But this is where creditors like Lowell can offer support,” Mr Pear said. “People are often surprised by this – as many hear the words ‘debt collector’ and immediately think of the sensational programmes you see on TV. “But, in reality, bailiffs are only used as an absolute last resort, when all other avenues have been well and truly exhausted. “There are many other steps people can take to find their way out of debt and back to long-term financial security - and Lowell wants to help people to do that. “By working with customers and listening to their circumstances, Lowell puts affordable long-term plans in place, where they’ll never have to pay back more than they can afford. “Customers can find peace of mind learning that they don’t have to pay everything back all at once - another big misconception about the debt collection industry - and that they are on track to restore their financial health.”