The Syrian leader of the Islamic State, Maher al-Agal was killed in an airstrike. In a statement, U.S Central Command (CENTCOMM) said al-Agal had been killed in the drone strike in northwest Syria. A close associate of his was also seriously injured in the blast. The statement added: "Extensive planning went into this operation to ensure its successful execution. "An initial review indicates there were no civilian casualties." It said al-Agal was responsible for developing ISIS networks outside of Iraq and Syria. He was the leader of the Islamic State in Syria and one of the top five ISIS leaders overall. His death should prove a major blow to the efforts of ISIS to reorganise as a guerrilla force after losing much of their territory.    CENTCOMM spokesperson Col. Joe Buccino said: "This strike reaffirms CENTCOM's steadfast commitment to the region and the enduring defeat of ISIS. "The removal of these ISIS leaders will disrupt the terrorist organization's ability to further plot and carry out global attacks. "ISIS continues to represent a threat to the US and partners in the region. "CENTCOM maintains a sufficient and sustainable presence in the region and will continue to counter threats against regional security." READ MORE: Currency of the weak! Germany panics as poor Croatia joins Eurozone  An unidentified drone targeted a motorcycle in the village of Khaltan in the northern countryside of the Aleppo region, killing two people, according to the Syrian Civil Defence. Earlier this year, the top leader of Islamic State blew himself up during a US military raid in Syria. Islamic State was at the peak of its power from 2014-2017, ruling over millions of people and claiming responsibility for or inspiring attacks in dozens of cities around the world. But the terror group began to collapse when its leader at the timne,m Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was killed in a raid by U.S. special forces in northwestern Syria in 2019.  During the middle of that year, the US-led coalition fighting Islamic State said after the terror groups battlefield defeat, it had retained between 14,000 and 18,000 members, including 3,000 foreigners. The US currently has around 900 troops in Syria, with the majority based based in the east of the country that has been splintered by a decade of civil war. Joe Biden's administration has not yet outlines its long-term plan for the eight-year-old mission. THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 