Speaking to Nick Ferrari on LBC, the Chancellor lauded Mr Johnson as the “most consequential Prime Minister of his generation” and claimed he would not hesitate to offer him a job in the cabinet. Mr Zahawi, who is one of eight candidates, having succeeded through the first round cut from 11, vying to become the next PM, described the departing leader as a “friend of mine of 30 years”, adding that he “delivered Brexit” and “got us through a global pandemic”.    Mr Ferrari said: “If or when you became prime minister, Chancellor, would you offer Boris Johnson a job in your cabinet?” Mr Zahawi said: “Boris Johnson is a friend of mine of 30 years. If he wishes to serve in the cabinet then I would certainly offer him a job. “He has probably been the most consequential Prime Minister of his generation. If you go back to Margaret Thatcher, John Major, then Tony Blair and, of course, Gordon Brown, and then David Cameron and Theresa May and now Boris Johnson. “He’s delivered Brexit. He got us through a global pandemic.”    Mr Ferrari said: “Has he delivered Brexit, Chancellor? If I say three words to you, Northern Ireland and protocol, has Brexit been delivered?” Mr Zahawi said: “The chairman of my campaign is Brandon Lewis, who will deliver the protocol bill that will give us that leverage for when we enter negotiations. “You know, I am one of the few candidates that has negotiated with the EU Commission during the vaccines. “It is only when they realise we have leverage do they actually take negotiations seriously, which is why the bill that Brandon Lewis was taking through Parliament would give us that leverage. “It would actually give us a fair shot at a proper negotiation. If we don’t, then actually the protocol bill is in place and would just carry on.” READ MORE: Can Labour call a general election? [INSIGHT]   Tory MPs will have the chance to vote for the eight remaining contenders today as balloting begins to find Boris Johnson’s successor. Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch, Penny Mordaunt, Jeremy Hunt, Nadhim Zahawi, and Suella Braverman will all be on the ballot on Wednesday after they secured the 20 nominations from fellow MPs needed to continue with the contest. The race has been a parody of promises for Thatcherite tax cuts, with all but Mr Sunak pledging to swiftly slash the burden on the public. But the former Chancellor appears to be the favourite to win the runout in spite of his hesitancy to pledge cuts. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Shock as Sunak handed open goal – huge ERG rift [LIVE] Tory candidates' key policies: what are they promising? [INSIGHT] UK economy GROWS as GDP surges despite Bank of England warning [REVEAL]   An Opinium poll for Channel 4 News revealed that Mr Sunak is the preferred candidate to take over the Tory Party among Conservative members, with 28 percent wanting him on the final ballot. It came as Cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg launched a broadside against Mr Sunak's economic policy in an article in the Daily Mail, accusing him of raising tax to "socialist" levels. The candidate field was whittled down from 11 to just eight yesterday, with some high-profile casualties failing to meet the threshold of support. Former health secretary Sajid Javid said he was pulling out having apparently failed to attract enough support, moments before the chairman of the 1922 Committee, Sir Graham Brady, made the formal announcement in a Commons committee room. Earlier, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps announced that he was abandoning his bid and would be supporting Mr Sunak, the former chancellor. READ NEXT: Brexiteers may need a 2016 Remainer to carry their bannerPenny Mordaunt favoured as next PM – ‘Has what it takes’'Don't get into a Dutch acution' - Tory candidates war over tax cutsZahawi makes plans to spend billions more on the militaryBBC's Warhurst put Zahawi on the spot over party U-turn 