Emma Raducanu has revealed that she’s been forced to change her phone number several times since becoming a US Open champion. The 19-year-old is preparing to return to Flushing Meadows to defend her title next month and will have a new coach in tow after setting up an initial spell with Dmitry Tursunov.   Raducanu became an overnight sensation when she was the first qualifier in tennis history to win a Grand Slam at the US Open last year. Aged just 18 and ranked down at world No 150 at the time, she won ten matches in a row without dropping a set to lift her maiden career title in what was just her fourth tour-level event. Her historic achievement earned her almost instant superstar status, and the 19-year-old has now opened up on the effect of becoming a global sensation as she admitted changed her number multiple times in the last year. Telling the Evening Standard she needed to “get better at replying to texts”, the US Open champion was asked whether they came flooding in. “Yeah, they do,” she confessed. “I’ve changed my number a few times. It’s the [WhatsApp] group chats as well. You get added to a group chat, and it’s, ‘Oh, no’.” The world No 10’s admission came after she said she liked her alone time, claiming it was a big part of her personality alongside her - at times annoying - perfectionist tendencies. JUST IN: Alcaraz makes second world No 1 claim to threaten Djokovic dominance Raducanu added: “‘I’d say I am too much of a perfectionist. That drives me crazy some - times. Like I obviously think it’s a great trait, because I don’t think I would have had the results I did without that drive and that wanting to be better. “But it can be really self destructive at the same time, because you’re never happy and you’ll always complain or find something wrong.” Claiming that her perfectionism “definitely” extended to areas of her life outside of tennis, she continued: “But I also think another part of my personality is that I very much like to be alone sometimes. DON'T MISS Nadal criticised for 'digusting' traits despite being likeable playerNick Kyrgios drops hint over tactics of on-court antics and tweenersRussian tennis ban escalates but Wimbledon punishment not handed out  “Socially, I love hanging out with people. But then equally, I love my own space.” The 19-year-old also named a few players on the tour she had become friends with, but explained that it was difficult to form friendships in tennis.  “I have a few friends on the tour, but it’s tough because you don’t have much [free] time, and it’s also competitive out there, so it’s not like everyone wants to be friends with you,” she said. “But I have a few. Priscilla Hon, Risa Ozaki, and a couple of doubles players who are really nice.” 