It’s all up in the air because a self-righteous rabble of Tory ministers decided “to do” for Boris in an Ides of March-style assassination. They “knifed” him in the back and the front until he was bleeding and broken and had no choice but to go.  It didn’t matter to his assassins what “offing” Boris at this time meant for the British people, our country’s stability, the cost of living crisis. Nope, they decided the man 14 million people voted for had to go. No matter this was playing into the hands of a smirking Starmer and gloating Eurocrats in Brussels who are already talking about us crawling back to the EU. So now what? I’ll tell you what – months of rabid in-fighting and uncertainty that will ravage a Tory Party that’s already imploding. Yes, they united to sadistically depose Boris but watch them now. The pretenders to his throne won’t give a stuff about what happens to you and me. They’ll spend the next few months scrapping like cats in a sack for the prize of PM. Cue the endless TV interviews and debates with a bunch of self-serving, second-rate politicians who couldn’t lead a rabbit out of a hole let alone a country. And all the time they’ll spend trumpeting their prime ministerial credentials telling us how they can save the country will be time wasted that could have ACTUALLY been spent saving the country. Liz Truss is already on manoeuvres. She hot-footed it back from Indonesia the minute Boris resigned. Forget whatever business she was doing on Britain’s behalf she wanted to be here to stake her claim to the top job. As for Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid, they’ve spent this week atop the moral high ground pretending they resigned to save us. No, their treacherous desertions were to depose Boris because they both want his job.  And in their crazed lust for his head on a stick these idiots have cancelled out the Tories’ biggest electoral victory for decades and paved the way for a Lab/Lib Dem/SNP coalition with Tony Blair pulling the strings. And when that happens – and it will – this country is headed straight for the toilet. I’m already sick at the prospect of all these deluded wannabes hawking themselves around screaming that they’ll do what Boris couldn’t. Of course, they won’t ever mention what Boris did. He gave most of them their jobs for a start. He saved us all from the Marxist fanatic Corbyn. He delivered an astonishing 80-seat majority to an ailing Tory Party and in doing so grabbed the hearts and minds of Red Wall voters – a miracle in itself. He made Brexit happen in the face of opposition from the entire British establishment and after the pig’s ear Theresa May had made of it. But none of that will be mentioned – the PM is dead, long live the (next) PM… As for the runners and riders. Well, for a start, a lot of them are Remainers who’ll want to unpick Brexit. Nadhim Zahawi might appeal but he’s been accused of duplicity for taking the Chancellors’ job after telling Boris he’d fight, whilst secretly plotting his own leadership bid. Nice! Jeremy Hunt, the man who almost single handedly wrecked the NHS and who, in a recent Conservative Home poll of future PMs came last, will almost certainly chance his slimy hand. Penny Mordaunt’s name keeps popping up when there’s talk of a new leader but when there isn’t we don’t hear a peep about her. Ben Wallace gives good sound bites but a buccaneering charismatic leader? Not in a million years and as for Tom Tugendhat – a staunch Remainer with no ministerial experience who wants us back in the EU – Nah!  As for the prissy Truss, trust me, the Red Wall voters will take one look at her and run back into the arms of Labour. Just watch them all in the coming weeks and ask yourselves what they care about. Is it the British people or personal power? And however many speeches they make about how Britain’s future is all that matters – it’s a lie. All that matters is THEIR future. And when they try to justify slaying Boris claiming he’s a serial liar just remember, they all lie. It’s just a matter of degree. Do I regret voting for Boris – not for a second. In 2019 there was no other politician who could have delivered what he did. But in the end he had to go. Like he said: “When the herd turns…” But the herd will regret what it’s done because it has just made the Tory Party unelectable. Whatever Boris was – or wasn’t – he was a showman, who appealed across the political divide. He took people with him. No one currently standing for his job can do that. Don’t get me wrong his mistakes are legion – listening to wife Carrie and embracing her net zero vision for one. Failing to take on the woke brigade and The Blob for another. Not owning up and apologising for the culture in Downing Street during Covid – massive mistake. But let’s face it, his crimes weren’t that bad. He didn’t take us into war on a lie did he? But all those voters who wanted him gone will come to realise their anger was purposely stoked by certain politicians, the Whitehall Blob and the media’s Remain hyenas who never let up for a second in trying to destroy him. So who will they all blame for what happens to Britain when Boris has gone? The Tory Party has form for self-destructing, and that’s what it did this week. It threw a bomb right into the heart of the party and while, yes, they’ve done for Boris, they’ve also done for themselves. God help us all!  I'm sure Nicole Kidman's been called a "tasty bird" in her time. But she'd be aghast that the bird might be an oven ready turkey. But that's what she looks like here, swathed in what appears to be yards of Bacofoil. Sometimes, fashion makes fools of us all. Police in Gloucestershire aren't able to chase criminals because their electric cars keep "running out of power". And the reason for that is because there aren't enough chargers in the county. It's beyond farce. Whoever's making these decisions around electric cars should be sacked because they're as thick as mince and more interested in woke agendas than fighting crime. And now this story is in the public domain, crime in Gloucs will rocket because villains know that when they see an electric police car they're likely to be able to outrun it. Saw a great letter in a newspaper this week which reflected what's happening in our woke new world: "Drive at 35mph in this country and it's 'You're nicked'. Glue yourself to a road and it's 'Do you take sugar?'" Still on glue - here's an idea to tackle those Just Stop Oil protesters who stick themselves to roads and priceless works of art. Let's stop taking our cops away from fighting crime to unglue them. Let's leave them stuck to whatever it is they've attached themselves to for 24 hours. See how they do after a day without food or access to a toilet. ITV’s political supremo Robert Peston, who always comes across as a bit “other worldly”, revealed to another journo recently that he had no idea what Love Island was. Some might say that’s a good thing. I’d say it shows how hopelessly out of touch some of the people who shape our news agenda are. Ex-Eastender Anita Dobson, caused uproar when she wore this short dress to an event last month. At 73, many said she was too old to show off so much leg. Says Anita: “I don’t really listen to what critics say – you have to be strong enough to wear what suits you.” I totally agree, Anita, luv – but this doesn’t suit you!