Bradley Walsh, 62, has explained in a recent interview that he has decided to give over half of his multi-million pound fortune. The star said that he wants to hand it over to his son Barney, with whom he shares a close bond. The game show host is so close with his son,  he has already made him the director at two of his companies. Bradley owns Barnstormer Holdings Ltd and Wingit Productions Ltd. At the beginning of this month, Barney was put on the board of Barnstormer holdings as a director and given joint control over the business alongside his dad. The company is thought to have joint assets worth roughly £1.86 million. Elsewhere, the father-son duo have their own series on ITV, named Bradley Walsh and Son: Breaking Dad. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  The synopsis of the show is their “coming of age road trip” around the world. In the show’s first two seasons, viewers saw the pair drive across the US as they made crazy stories together along the way. That included skydiving, feeding crocodiles, and ghost hunting. The two most recent seasons saw them head out on a 3,000 mile trip across Europe. In February, the ITV favourite spoke about nearly turning down a major opportunity but changing his mind because of his wife. He tied the knot with Donna in 1997, and admitted that his partner tried to persuade him to take the job role. Bradley said it was because of Donna that he ended up signing on to Coronation Street in 2004. In an interview with The Mirror, he said: “I wouldn’t swap my missus for the world. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]   "Donna isn’t just beautiful; she’s the most fantastic wife and mother." He continued: "It’s because of her I signed with Coronation Street. "She’s the one who recognised what it could do for me even though it would mean being apart." He enjoyed a two-year stint on Coronation Street from 2004 to 2006. Other acting credits of Bradley’s include Doctor Who spin-off The Sarah Jane Adventures and ITV's crime drama Law & Order: UK. The Chase host also issued praise to his wife for keeping him grounded during his career. He told the Huffington Post: “My wife especially [does]. Without a shadow of a doubt.” Bradley's wife Donna is a choreographer and former dancer who appeared in music videos and TV shows in the late 1980s.