Mykhailo Podolyak hailed Boris Johnson as "a person who began to call a spade a spade from the beginning" of Russia's illegal invasion of Ukraine. He said Mr Johnson had realised "the threat of Russian monster and always being at the forefront of supporting Ukraine".  He was speaking after Mr Johnson revealed he will step down as Tory leader and Prime Minister. Mr Podolyak tweeted: "To be a leader - to call Russian evil an evil and to take responsibility in the hardest times. To be a leader - to be the first to arrive in Kyiv, despite missile attacks. "Thanks Boris Johnson for realising the threat of Russian monster and always being at the forefront of supporting Ukraine." In a video posted with the tweet, he spoke to the camera and added: "Today we have everything we need for the effective defence of the country: weapons, partnership and coalition, and thanks to Mr Johnson, we understand that victory is a real symbol of the future in Ukraine ... we are extremely grateful to our partners, Mr Johnson, for the opportunity to do our work effectively." President Volodymyr Zelensky also thanked Mr Johnson for his support in the "most difficult of times". This was also echoed by Anton Gerashchenko, Advisor to the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine, who described Mr Johnson as a "true friend of Ukraine". He tweeted: "Boris Johnson, Sir, you are a true friend of Ukraine. We are very grateful for your strong position in supporting Ukraine. We wish you strength and you are always welcome in our country. While Ukrainian politician  Volodymyr Omelyan also posted: "Thank you, @BorisJohnson." During his resignation speech outside Downing Street, Mr Johnson said his handling of the Russia war in Ukraine was an achievement he was "immensely proud" of.   READ MORE: Boris Johnson resignation video in full - watch PM resign Speaking directly to the people of Ukraine, he vowed the UK would "continue to back your right for freedom". He said: "I'm immensely proud of the achievements of this government: from getting Brexit done to settling our relations with the continent for over half a century, reclaiming the power for this country to make its own laws in parliament, getting us all through the pandemic, delivering the fastest vaccine rollout in Europe, the fastest exit from lockdown, and in the last few months, leading the West in standing up to Putin's aggression in Ukraine. "And let me say now, to the people of Ukraine, that I know that we in the UK will continue to back your fight for freedom for as long as it takes.  DON'T MISS Sky's Adam Boulton says Boris dragging Queen into his 'chaos and mess' [OPINION]'There will be many people who are relieved' Boris Johnson full speech [INFO]Boris Johnson humiliated as his premiership SHORTER than Theresa May's [ANALYSIS] During his tenure, Mr Johnson has been praised for his continued support for Ukraine as it fights back against Russian President Vladimir Putin. After Russia invaded Ukraine in February this year, Mr Johnson painted himself as a war-time leader, dismissing scandals as distractions blown out of proportion by his foes. He was one of the first Western leaders to visit President Zelensky in Kyiv. He recently faced criticism after over his choice to miss a levelling-up conference to attend a meeting with the Ukraine war time leader where he offered the country more weapons and support.  Scandal-ridden Mr Johnson announced on Thursday he would quit as Prime Minister after he dramatically lost the support of his ministers and most Conservative MPs, but said he would stay on until his successor was chosen. Bowing to the inevitable as more than 50 ministers quit and MPs called for him to go, an isolated and powerless Mr Johnson said it was clear his party wanted someone else in charge. Speaking outside his Downing Street office where his speech was watched by close allies and his wife Carrie, he said: "Today I have appointed a cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place.  "I know that there will be many people who are relieved and perhaps quite a few who will also be disappointed. And I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world. But them's the breaks." Mr Johnson gave no apology for the events leading to his announcement and said his forced departure was "eccentric". There were cheers and applause as he began his speech, while boos rang out from some outside the gates of Downing Street.