Sarah talked to families who have fled the Ukrainian city Obukhov during her trip to Bedzin in southern Poland. Dressed in a blue jacket bearing a badge in the colours of the Ukrainian flag, the Duchess also posed for photos with dignitaries at Mieroszewski Palace in Bedzin, which is twinned with Obukhov. Prince Andrew's ex-wife became the first member of the extended Royal Family to travel to Poland to meet Ukrainian refugees in March. The Duchess's charity, Sarah's Trust, sent three lorry loads of supplies to Poland after Moscow ordered its troops into Ukraine on February 24. Sarah travelled to Warsaw where she asked mayor Kazimierz Trzaskowski what more can be done to help. More than six million people have fled Ukraine, according to a UN report.  Poland has welcomed the highest number of refugees fleeing the war. In March alone the country granted temporary protection status to 675,085 Ukrainians. Some two-thirds of those were women and girls with children making up half of them. Earlier this year Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice's mum returned to her YouTube children's show Story Time with Fergie and Friends in a show of support for Ukrainian children. She told her 365,000 Instagram followers: "I have always believed the smile of a child is the most important thing in the world, so to see so many children caught up in this crisis is particularly affecting.  READ MORE ABOUT WHY MPS ARE WEARING WHITE FLOWERS "It is a privilege to meet some of them and hear their stories today. The world has a duty to support them." About two-thirds of refugees from Ukraine expect to stay in their host countries until hostilities subside and the security situation improves, a survey by the United Nations refugee agency UNHCR says. Most of the refugees from Ukraine hope to return home eventually, according to the survey of some 4,900 people from Ukraine now living in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Moldova, Poland, Romania and Slovakia. The Duchess of York, 62, announced in June 2020 her charitable causes would be brought under one roof with the establishment of Sarah's Trust.  DON'T MISS: Masi breaks silence on sudden decision to quit FIA with statement [LATEST] Mordaunt OBLITERATES Rayner in GREATES Labour put-down of all times [REVEALED] BBC blasts Labour MP's ludicrous Tory leader claim [REPORT] Over the years, Fergie has campaigned for human rights and set up a number of charitable foundations. Her Sarah Ferguson Foundation wound up in 2012. She also set up the Children In Crisis charity in 1993. Both Beatrice and Eugenie, 32, have followed in their mother's footsteps with their own charity work. Eugenie announced in April the launch of her anti-slavery charity’s podcast, Floodlight.  She co-founded the Anti-Slavery Collective with friend Julia de Boinville in 2017. The annoucement came as the Royal Family faced calls for slavery reparations in the Caribbean after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, visited islands in the region for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. In 2013, Beatrice became patron of Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre, which supported her through her own schooling.  Beatrice, 33, also founded The Big Change Charitable Trust which aims to support projects across the country. Along with her co-founders, she climbed Mont Blanc in 2012 for The Big Change’s first fundraising project. She also recently climbed to the top of Mount Etna with Sir Richard Branson in aid of charity. 