Members of the public in the London area of Kensington were asked by Express.co.uk if they thought Prince Harry should be allowed to return to royal life, if he, at any point, desired to. The majority expressed their approval of a royal return for the Duke of Sussex, who announced his and Meghan Markle's departure two years ago. Saskia, an 18-year-old student, claimed that the Duke has a right to return due to the fact he is "part of the family". She added: "He grew up in that, that was his life and his childhood. "I understand that it was a big choice to leave, and I can absolutely see why some people would say no but I think if he's grown up with it then he should probably be able to go back if he chose to." Council worker Sam, 45, said: "I find it weird for someone to say 'can I be part of a family or not', royal or otherwise. READ MORE: Harry's bombshell book to be 'totally eclipsed' by Meghan's friend in humiliating blow "If they want to be part of the family, then work that out with the family. "I don't really think, it's, kind of, allowed or not allowed comes into it for me". He added that the family will need to work that out between them. 71-year-old Patsy said that the couple could return if they "showed a but more humility", adding, [then] "possibly". READ MORE: Queen has 'declined a lot in last 6 months' as Harry memoir 'last thing she needs' Prince Harry and Meghan announced their departure in January 2020, via their official Instagram account. In their official statement, the couple declared that their decision has been made after "many months of reflection and internal discussions". The couple stated that they intended to "step back" as senior royals and planned to "work to become financially independent". DON'T MISS They also declared that they would continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen" Their final official engagement as senior royals took place in March 2020, prior to the start of the first Covid lockdown. The couple now reside in the US, along with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and one-year-old daughter Lilibet. READ NEXT: