US President Joe Biden has vowed to defend "every inch" of NATO territory this week as Russia and Ukraine continue to fight. Speaking at the NATO meetings in Madrid, he said the alliance will be “ready for threats in all directions,” a reference to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s aggression. NATO allies have helped Ukraine with weapons supplies during the conflict, and experts believe the war has now brought Western nations and Russia closer to direct fighting than they have been in decades. Former NATO Deputy Assistant Secretary General Jamie Shea was asked by Times Radio this week whether the West and Russia are "closer" to a "hot war" than they have been in a long time. He replied: "Yes, [but] this doesn't mean of course that a war between Russia and NATO is inevitable. “Putin has got his hands full with Ukraine at the moment, which doesn't suggest that he has either the wherewithal or the intention to attack a NATO member state. "But NATO's policy has always relied upon deterrents. The ability to amass sufficient force quickly to demonstrate that it can defend its territory and to therefore deter aggression. "NATO judges that, due to the perceived threat from Russia, it needs more troops [and is] going from 40,000 troops at high alert to 300,000 troops. "What was unthinkable 10 years ago unfortunately is now in the realm of the thinkable." Finland and Sweden were formally invited to join NATO this week after decades of neutrality. The two Nordic nations have voiced concerns about the invasion and any potential spillover, both sharing borders with Russia. But Putin has warned that he will “respond in kind” if NATO infrastructure and troops are deployed in Sweden and Finland. On Wednesday, he said: “There’s nothing that might concern us in terms of Finland and Sweden becoming NATO members. If they want to then please, go ahead. “But they should clearly understand they didn’t face any threats before this. "Now, if NATO infrastructure and troops are deployed we will be compelled to respond in kind and create the same threats for the territories where the threats towards us are created. READ MORE: Alexander Bortnikov: The 'brain and heart of Putin's regime' “It’s obvious — don’t they understand that? Everything was going fine between us but now there will be tensions. This is obvious and inevitable.” The new head of the British army this week said that the West faces a "1937 moment" as a result of Russia. General Sir Patrick Sanders, the chief of the general staff, said Russian President Vladimir Putin and his "expansionist ambitions" pose the greatest threat to democracy and peace in Europe. He said the "British Army is not mobilising to provoke war, it is mobilising to prevent war" in Europe. DON'T MISSHeartbreaking moment Labrador rescued from bombed apartment in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Putin's chilling three-word warning to NATO in full [ANALYSIS]'Putin is paranoid!' Bizarre seating arrangement exposes despot [INSIGHT] General Sanders added: "In all my years in uniform I haven't known such a clear threat to the principles of sovereignty and democracy and the freedom to live without fear of violence as the brutal aggression of President Putin and his expansionist ambitions." Anti-UK rhetoric has continued to be pushed in Russian media this week. A retired Russian general and military expert warned he UK will “physically cease to exist” if the new standoff in Lithuania triggers a nuclear World War 3. He also took aim at General Sanders for his comments. Lieutenant-General Evgeny Buzhinsky said: “He doesn’t understand that as a result of the Third World War Britain will physically cease to exist. “The island will vanish, so I’ve no idea where he or his descendants will live.”