The Tory leadership contest has entered its final stage with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak going head-to-head to succeed Boris Johnson and become the UK’s 56th Prime Minister. Mr Johnson resigned on July 7 following a wave of resignations from within his own Government making his position untenable. But who do you consider to be Britain's best leader? Britain’s first female Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher came into power in 1979 as the nation faced industrial and economic chaos. READ MORE: Sunak sets UK up for 'big collapse' as PM hopeful handed £23bn hammer blow hours into bid The Tory leader was seen as a revolutionary figure who transformed Britain’s economy, and was soon titled the “Iron Lady” She was the longest-serving British prime minister of the 20th century and helped bring about the end of the Cold War. John Major took office in 1990, and under his Tory Government things like the Council Tax were introduced, as well as the negotiations of the Maastricht Treaty of the European Union — which resulted in a brief economic crisis of the early 1990s and Black Wednesday. He also promoted a return to basics with reforms to education, criminal justice and privatisation of the railways as well as encouraging peace in Northern Ireland. After him, Labour’s Tony Blair served as Prime Minister from 1997 to 2007 and tried to distance himself from the party’s traditional left and socialist roots. Under his leadership, the Government removed hereditary peers from the House of Lords and increased public spending on healthcare and education. Both Scottish and Welsh electorates voted in favour of devolved administration and Mr Blair negotiated the Good Friday Agreement. He was succeeded by his Chancellor Gordon Brown, but a looming global financial crisis threw Labour into disarray and saw the UK’s national debt sky-rocket. Mr Brown oversaw the world’s first Climate Change Act and introduced the Equality Act. A poor performance in the 2010 general election saw a hung parliament, and the Conservatives forming a coalition government with the Liberal democrats. David Cameron was elected as the next Prime Minister and pushed his economic and socially liberal policies to modernise the Conservative Party. His administration passed the Health and Social Care Act and the Welfare Reform Act and introduced reforms to education and immigration policies. He also oversaw the Scottish independence referendum and introduced the Brexit referendum which resulted in his resignation. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss braces for revenge: Penny Mordaunt's team plots to destroy Tory leadership bid [LATEST]POLL: Should Boris Johnson come back as Prime Minister? [VOTE]Tories in chaos over Boris Johnson betrayal - ask Michael Fabricant YOUR questions here [GET INVOLVED] Theresa May became the UK’s second female Prime Minister after the UK voted to leave the EU in 2016. During her time in office, she negotiated the withdrawal agreement yet following a snap election to strengthen her position she was prompted to form a coalition with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of Northern Ireland. After her draft withdrawal agreement was rejected by Parliament three times she resigned and was succeeded by Boris Johnson in 2019. He reopened Brexit negotiations and introduced the Northern Ireland Protocol which triggered a snap election in December 2019, winning a landslide victory for the party over Labour’s Jeremy Corbyn, and later withdrew the UK from the EU allowing trade negotiations to commence. His administration was then faced with the coronavirus pandemic. During this time he became embroiled in what is known as the Partygate scandal, later  issued a fixed penalty notice for breaching lockdown rules. He won a vote of confidence in June but revelations over his hiring of Chris Pincher as Government Deputy Chief Whip resulted in ministers resigning en masse, and soon his own resignation. So what do YOU think? Who was Britain's best Prime Minister in the past 40 years? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 