Families of Boris Becker’s inmates have complained about the disgraced tennis legend’s new job as a classroom assistant at HMP Huntercombe. According to reports, families have been left angered after Becker was allowed to teach sports science to fellow prisoners. In April, the 54-year-old was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison for concealing £2.5million of assets to avoid paying money he owed after bankruptcy. He was initially held in Wandsworth prison but was later moved to HMP Huntercombe, a Category C prison used to house foreign criminals. Becker has now apparently been made a classroom assistant in a cushty new role that has angered some of his fellow inmates and their families. The three-times Wimbledon champion, who first won at the All England Club aged 17, will teach sports science to prisoners. According to the Sun, some families have written letters protesting the move, claiming that the German national has not been in prison long enough to deserve such a prestigious position. Becker apparently teaches PE theory and the benefits of exercise and diet. JUST IN: Wimbledon consider Russian ban in 2023 as LTA prepare legal showdown A source told the newspaper: “You would normally serve years before getting a job as a classroom assistant as it is seen as a privilege. But Becker has been given the job within weeks of being sentenced. "There is a lot of resentment about it and the families of some prisoners have written letters of complaint.” However, Becker has allegedly been told he cannot yet use the jail’s gym as he does not have enhanced prisoner status. The former world no.1 has not been inside long enough to earn the privilege. DON'T MISS...Kyrgios will be 'taught a lesson in locker room' after WimbledonKate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite begging to goJohn McEnroe: Star on the possibility of being autistic The newspaper’s insider continued: “It’s not exactly the life of luxury he’s used to, but he’s got it better than most inmates.” Meanwhile, Becker was allowed to watch Wimbledon from inside the prison. He is said to be delighted for winner Novak Djokovic, who he coached between 2014 and 2016. Djokovic defeated Nick Kyrgios in a thrilling final last Sunday. But it comes amid speculation that Becker will face automatic deportation from the United Kingdom as a foreign national who has received a sentence longer than 12 months. The report adds that he is hopeful of being repatriated to Germany by November under the government’s Early Removal Scheme. Becker then hopes to be allowed back into the community due to his homeland’s softer penal system.