Type 2 diabetes describes a chronic condition in which your blood sugar levels become soaring high. This effect occurs because your body struggles to produce enough hormone called insulin, or the one that you make doesn’t work properly. Deprived of this key mechanism, your blood glucose can become dangerously high. And your diet could either help or make things worse, depending on what you eat. The main culprits responsible for spiking your blood sugar are foods high in carbohydrates. While you might think about cakes and sugar, there’s also one fruit that could stir up some problems - banana. Nataly Komova, Fitness expert at JustCBD, said: “Bananas are healthy fruits with plenty of nutrients that can support overall health. “They are high in fibre, potassium and vitamin B6. READ MORE: Covid: The symptom 'more likely' to show up in the fully vaccinated as UK cases soar “However, the high sugars in some banana types can have a negative impact on your glycaemic index. “Eating many bananas can spike a surge in your blood glucose levels, especially in people who tend to be carb-sensitive.” While this fruit has a lot to offer, it might not be one of the best choices for those with type 2 diabetes. Dr David Unwin, a GP at an NHS practice in Southport, Merseyside, even claimed that bananas are as bad as eating six spoons of sugar.  However, many diabetes experts disagree with this statement. Your average banana packs around 23grams of carbohydrates, including 2.6grams of fibre and 12grams of simple sugars. When you snack on the fruit, your body breaks down all the carbs into simple sugars. These will then move into your bloodstream, causing your blood sugar levels to rise. READ MORE: Covid: The symptom 'more likely' to show up in the fully vaccinated as UK cases soar At the end of the day, all carbs in your food will end up in your blood as sugar, the health company ZOE explains. However, it’s also important to consider how quickly carbs raise your blood sugar levels. This is where the glycaemic index (GI) steps in. GI describes a rating system that explains whether a food raises your blood sugar levels quickly, moderately or slowly, according to Diabetes UK. The GI runs from 0 to 100 and slowly absorbed carbohydrates have a low GI rating 55 or below. When it comes to the fruit’s GI rating, bananas score low to medium on the GI scale, so around 42 to 62 depending on their ripeness, which doesn’t make them particularly bad. Plus, Diabetes UK concludes that a banana is “still better” for your long-term health compared to a standard slice of cake. The main symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you have any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk.