“I’m too old to be a refugee and start again.” Those are the words of Olga who I met in our partner’s shelter in western Ukraine’s main city, Lviv. Her husband was conscripted, and her elderly father is stuck in the battleground city of Kramatorsk. With her few treasured possessions around her, she embodies the mental torment facing millions of internally displaced people (IDPs) in Ukraine. Should they stay in their homeland and risk bombardment and brutaloccupation? Or start afresh among strangers in a different country and culture? That’s a tough but rational calculation for the younger generation of educated multilingual Ukrainians. For old and frail people with limited resources, it’s a wrenching decision to make. Their lives, families, homes and friendships have deep foundations. There’s another calculation that displaced people are making – the acceptance and kindness of their hosts to continue helping them, whether it’s in “safer” parts of Ukraine or across its western borders. The welcome in neighbouring countries is cooling. Accommodation is limited, with private rented homes rocketing in price. Significant numbers of people are going back to Ukraine to find jobs, be closer to other family members, and in some cases to return to their homes. The language barrier can also be tough for refugees, especially in Romania and Hungary. In the last month, the number IDPs has also fallen, as a growing number of Ukranians have returned from shelters and temporary accommodation to their home areas, particularly in and around Kyiv. Where I’m talking to Olga in Lviv is a prime example of this dilemma. The people fleeing violence in the east are being temporarily housed in educational buildings, sports facilities and town halls.  The population more than doubled in the days after the war started, and while numbers are uncertain, it’s believed that as many as 300,000 IDPs are currently living in a city with a pre-war population of 750,000. The shelters offer a roof and a mattress but conditions are grim for people in a state of trauma. In one facility, 300 people were living across three sports halls with little or no privacy. Many have fled with few belongings beyond their papers and, in some cases, with their pets including dogs, cats and even caged rats. A lot of those in the shelters – including infants and the very elderly - have been here for months. There is huge uncertainty about whether, where and when these people can be moved into proper housing. Or will they stay in limbo through the winter until they feel safe enough to take their chances back home? Olga doesn’t have to look far to be reminded of why she fled to Lviv. It’s one of central Europe’s most beautiful cities but the monuments and church windows are wrapped to be protected from blast waves. There are army checkpoints. There is a nightly curfew. You cannot escape the war, even in a relatively peaceful area.  The consequences can be seen in the disruption to education for young people, with school buildings occupied as shelters and millions of children displaced from their homes. Many of these boys and girls have been directly exposed to bombardment and violence, and many more are separated from fathers who are serving in the military. After nearly six months of war, those of us working in the humanitarian field are adjusting to these long-term challenges. For example, in Hungary our partner has just opened a refugee integration centre in Budapest to help Ukrainians adapt to their new country with practical support to find jobs and accommodation. Thanks to the record-breaking sums donated by the UK public, it means we not only made an immediate difference by funding first aid kits and essential supplies, but it also means we have the resources to carry on with the next partof our response. Amidst the trauma of war, there is hope in the fact that, through public generosity in the UK, we can continue helping people like Olga in the months ahead - whatever she decides to do. 