Senior political campaign director Peter Barnes reacted to Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss’s economic strategies in their race to be Prime Minister and claimed "one of Rishi's biggest problems is that he is not seen as a Conservative” as the financial strategy he is offering which is not focused on immediate tax cuts “doesn’t really sit very well with a lot of the old school Conservative members”. Referring to the two candidates’ strategies, he forecasted “people may stick with Rishi because he sounds like he knows what he’s talking about”, but argued “there’s a lot of people in country who need immediate help and Liz Truss seems to be offering something different”. Mr Barnes told GB News: “One of Rishi’s biggest problems is that he is not seen as a Conservative. “It’s one of those arguments. “I am not a particularly big fan of because there’s a lot of different types of Conservatives. “They want a kind of high growth, low tax kind of Prime Minister. “Rishi Sunak, during his time as Chancellor, has not really offered that. “He has offered something a little bit different. “He’s got that massive hurdle to get over. “It is one of the reasons he’s struggling so much with the membership.” READ MORE: Rich Rishi Sunak could pose a 'risk' to the Tory Party, expert warns He added: “What is really interesting is there’s two very different economic paths being presented to the party members right now. “I think the party would tend to look more towards tax cuts because it’s much more conservative kind of principle. “What Rishi is offering doesn’t really sit very well with a lot of the old school Conservative members.” Looking at Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss’s economic strategies, argued: “A lot of things are still all up in the air. DON'T MISS: Sunak sets UK up for 'big collapse' [WATCH]Tourist in campervan beaten up, stripped and forced naked into a pub [LISTEN]Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits in 'wilful abuse' [INSIGHT] “There’s still a lot to play for despite all this polling coming out. “I think somewhere in my gut there’s a feeling that people may stick with Rishi because he sounds like he knows what he’s talking about. “He comes across a bit more prime ministerial, he kind of gets the issue but he does take this long-term view. “I think there’s a lot of people in the country right now who need the immediate help. “Liz Truss seems to be offering something a little bit different. “Sometimes different is appealing if you’re the one who is struggling the most”. READ NEXT: Fuel protests to cause summer holiday chaosDog owners issued urgent warning as brand recalls foodMichael Schumacher health update: Where is Michael Schumacher now?UK sends nuclear warning to ChinaPutin’s plan takes hit after Kyiv cuts off supply bridge