Former Arsenal defender and current manager of the club’s academy Per Mertesacker has urged Gunners boss Mikel Arteta to properly “use” William Saliba this season after a successful loan spell at Marseille. The French centre-back was one of the stand-out young players in Ligue 1 last season, and the German giant has backed Arteta to hand him an opportunity in the first team. Saliba has competition from last season’s first-choice centre-back partnership of Gabriel and Ben White, but Mertesacker believes a decision has to be made regarding his future. “What William has done in France in Marseille is magnificent,” Mertesacker told HaytersTV. “So [it is time] for us to really test him this summer and see what is best for him. “But he has clearly made his mark with his young age with his playing in a major league in Europe and been one of the best players in Europe. So why not use him?” Saliba has spent two years out on loan since Arsenal paid £27m to sign him from Saint-Etienne, and shone during his time in France so much that he made his debut for the national team earlier this year. Last month Saliba confirmed he would be part of Arsenal’s plans next season. “I belong to Arsenal, I still have two years left,” he told Telefoot. READ MORE: Ronaldo 'impressed by Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clear “I will be back with Arsenal. I have played zero matches and I still want to show them my true face and have the chance to play for these fans and this great club. It doesn't just depend on me. In any case, to leave like this, would be a shame. Thanks to Marseille, I reached the next level in my career, they lifted me.” Mertesacker has claimed that there will be plenty of transfer activity this window at Arsenal, and he feels that the signing of Gabriel Jesus in particular shows the ambition of the club moving forward. “There will definitely be movements happening throughout this transfer window,” the former centre-back added. “Which needs to happen to get our youngsters opportunities because at the moment we have a big squad so I expect a lot of things to happen this summer. DON'T MISS:Chelsea 'very close to signing Koulibaly' in £34m transfer deal for TuchelCristiano Ronaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearManchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have a new Paul Pogba  “You need a big squad with Europe, [playing] Thursdays, Sundays, it will be a tough season for us but on our level we will compete and that’s the good thing about it, we feel like we can compete even further. "Last year was an opportunity that we might have missed at the end, but at the start of the season looked completely different in terms of the first three games. “However we gave ourselves the best possible chance, didn’t make Champions League at the end of the day, however it feels like there is a real movement towards the Champions League with the new signings. One, in particular, makes me feel like this is the ambition of the club, to sign marquee players who can contribute goals.”