Kate learnt how to take pictures when she was a young girl during visits to her grandfather. Into adulthood, the 40-year-old has now become an accomplished photographer and uses the hobby to frequently take control of her family's image. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, Kensington Palace's curator Claudia Acott Williams discussed the influence behind Kate's passion. Ms Williams said: "During our research, we uncovered that she first learned about photography through her grandfather. "So it was something that she has been interested in since her own childhood." "Now, you can see in the quality of her images that clearly it's something that she has studied honed". Host Christina Garibaldi stated how Kate "shares photos of her children on Instagram during their birthdays and special moments. READ MORE: Meghan is 'on path to unparalleled stardom' as Duchess 'creates new form of celebrity' "So we love seeing Kate's love for photography." Ms Williams also discusses how because Kate takes the photographs of her children, she has taken a different approach, compared to royals in the past, at how she "creates or manages her children's public image". The curator said that by releasing her own photographs, she is "maintaining an element of control and privacy for them". She added: "[This is all whilst] showing a much more intimate picture of royal childhood than we've seen before". READ MORE: Kate and Princess Charlotte 'rocking out' together sparks fan frenzy over adorable moment Earlier this month, it was revealed that Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall had asked Kate to take the cover photo of her for her guest-edited edition of Country Life magazine. Camilla had shared some thoughtful remarks about her step-daughter-in-law in an interview with ITV, which showed a sweet bond between the pair. Camilla said: "She [Kate] does it very sort of naturally. "It was very relaxed and, of course, very kind that the Duchess of Cambridge came with her camera. "She's an extremely good photographer and it was all very casual." DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] Kate's photography skills have previously been praised by various professional photographers, including, Matt Porteous. Speaking to Hello magazine, Mr Porteous said that Kate has "an amazing eye for photos", adding that "she knows what will look best in these scenes which makes my life easy.". READ NEXT: