Released on Netflix in 2017, Diana: In Her Own Words follows Diana's personal struggles as a royal, whereas The Crown is a series based on historical events of the Royal Family. The streaming service chose to broadcast the two shows at the same time, which according to the Daily Mail's Diary Editor Richard Eden caused damage to Prince Charles' reputation, as well as well as the "damage it was doing to the monarchy". Speaking on the Royal Beat, Mr Eden discussed the effects of the Netflix clash. Mr Eden said: "They broadcast The Crown at the same time as Diana: In Her Own Words, which was a really powerful programme. "Netflix promoted the two at the same time. "They used this version of her marriage breakdown as a basis for The Crown script." He added: "People watched it, like my daughter's generation, [and] were just horrified. READ MORE: Harry's bombshell book to be 'totally eclipsed' by Meghan's friend in humiliating blow  "They were like, 'oh Prince Charles is [a] dreadful man isn't he' and it really did damage [his reputation]." Mr Eden continued: "You know, courtiers and friends of Prince Charles talked about how much damage it was doing to the monarchy". Speaking of Diana, In Her Own Words, Mr Eden said: "It was recordings that Diana had made, never dreaming they'd ever be made public but they were. "They, kind of, had her voice, very spookily, over images of her." READ MORE: 'We are behind you!' Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses Prince Charles, then in his 30s, married a then-20-year-old Diana Spencer in 1981. Their marriage suffered due to their incompatibility and extramarital affairs, in particular Charles' affair with Camilla Parker-Bowles. In 1995, during an interview with BBC One's Panorama, Diana spoke about Camilla's relationship with Charles. Diana stated, “There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.” DON'T MISS Charles and Diana’s separation was announced by Prime Minister John Major in 1992. A statement read out by the then Prime Minister read: “This decision has been reached amicably and they will both continue to participate fully in the upbringing of their children”. Just one year after Diana and Charles' divorce was finalised in 1996, Diana's post-royal life was cut short after she was killed in a fatal car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997. READ NEXT: