GB News breakfast show presenter Eamonn Holmes quizzed viewers for their reactions to the latest government resignations. Live from Chesire, Linda blamed the mainstream media for interfering in public opinion on Boris Johnson and demanded he be left to "get on with the job". Passionately defending the Prime Minister, the viewer was invited onto the channel's breakfast show following the resignations of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid from government on Tuesday evening. Linda felt the mainstream media were to blame for the decline in confidence seen towards Johnson. She said: "I do back the Prime Minister and I think he's had a very rough time. I think the mainstream media has conducted a witch hunt and it's been very unedifying to see. "I think we should leave Boris to get on with the job and the one thing I'll say in all of this, don't let the mainstream media decide who runs this country." READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash Passionately defending the Prime Minister, the viewer was invited onto the channel's breakfast show following the resignations of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid from government on Tuesday evening. Linda felt the mainstream media were to blame for the decline in confidence seen towards Johnson. She said: "I do back the Prime Minister and I think he's had a very rough time. I think the mainstream media has conducted a witch hunt and it's been very unedifying to see. "I think we should leave Boris to get on with the job and the one thing I'll say in all of this, don't let the mainstream media decide who runs this country."  When questioned on whether Johnson's time has finally come to an end, she strongly bashed away this idea. Linda backed the Prime Minister's position, albeit acknowledging the challenges that await him on waking up this morning. "I do think it's going to be rocky, I think it's going to be very hard over the next few days perhaps even the next few weeks but I don't think there'll be a general election." Seeing a silver lining, she told Holmes that Sunak resigning is an opportunity for Johnson to get what he always wanted. Acting as Johnson' boss, she began listing off all the things she wants to see as a result of this parliamentary shake-up. Starting with taxes, Linda foresaw the absence of the Chancellor of the Exchequer as a way to push forward cuts she said she knew Johnson had wanted. Then, her demands to the Prime Minister began. "I'd like to see the abolition of the green levy, help for small businesses, something done about fuel duty and a real hobby horse of mine, let's have more grammar schools in lower income areas." DON'T MISS...David Hamilton slams ‘ageist’ BBC for Steve Wright Radio 2 axe [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes on element of GB News he 'wished I didn't have to show' [INSIGHT]GB News guest shares fraud warning as Brits set to lose £3bn [INSIGHT] Her airtime ended with a strong call to the government to get the country back up on its feet again. On Tuesday night, the news broke that two prominent government officials had lost confidence in their Prime Minister and were walking out of the Cabinet. Sunak left behind his position of Chancellor of the Exchequer and Javid said goodbye to his post as Secretary of State for Health and Social Care. Quitting within minutes of each other, the pair both cited integrity and the upkeep of standards as their reasoning following a string of scandals attached to Johnson. GB News co-host and former Sky News presenter, Isabel Webster, was at Downing Street this morning for the breakfast show coverage of events. Holmes stayed in the studio to generate audience opinions as they video called in from across the country. The pair have been co-presenting on the new channel since its inception in summer of 2021 to mixed reviews. Watch the full broadcast on Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel, GB News.