Speaking to GB News, Beverley England said she would have “much rather preferred” to see Kemi Badenoch or Suella Braverman in the final two run out for the next Prime Minister. She said she was supporting Liz Truss but only because she “does not trust Rishi at all”. The two candidates will take to the stage today for their first televised debate since securing one of the final spots in the race. Tax cuts, the threat of China and immigration issues have been at the top of both runners’ agendas. Ms England said: “I don’t think either candidate is fantastic. I would have much rather preferred to see Kemi Badenoch or Suella Braverman go through. “But it seems like the establishment has got their two candidates that they are fielding. “I don’t trust Rishi Sunak at all, which is why I am opting for Liz Truss. “I find it extraordinary that after all that has gone on in Government, Rishi Sunak throws his toys out of the pram and resigns over the Pincher affair and then we discover that he’s had his campaign website up and running since December 2021.” The two Tory leadership hopefuls have been engaged in bitter clashes over immigration, China and tax cuts ahead of a crunch TV debate on Monday evening. Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak will enter the first head-to-head TV debate on the BBC on Monday after a weekend that saw both camps trade increasingly personal attacks. Allies of the foreign secretary were quick to lash out at the former chancellor over his warning that China represents the "biggest-long term threat to Britain". In a hardening tone against China, Mr Sunak promised to close all 30 of the country's Confucius Institutes in the UK. Funded by the Chinese Government, they are ostensibly culture and language centres but critics have labelled them propaganda tools amid worsening relations between the West and China. READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: 'Huge mess' Warning early general election lo... [LIVE]   Mr Sunak accused China of "stealing our technology and infiltrating our universities", pledging to work with US President Joe Biden to stand up to China at home and abroad. But those claims were met with scepticism by Ms Truss supporters, with former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith calling the announcement "surprising". Sir Iain, the co-chairman of the inter-parliamentary alliance on China, said: "Over the last two years, the Treasury has pushed hard for an economic deal with China. This is despite China sanctioning myself and four UK parliamentarians. "Despite China brutally cracking down on peaceful democracy campaigners in Hong Kong, threatening Taiwan, illegally occupying the South China Sea, committing genocide on the Uyghurs and increasing its influence in our universities. "After such a litany, I have one simple question, where have you been over the last two years?" DON'T MISS: This battle of the heavyweights can revitalise politics - LEO MCKISTRY [OPINION] Tories face pressure to KEEP Boris as PM after eyebrow raising poll [REVEAL] Brexiteers offer Truss simple way of torpedoing hated EU deal [INSIGHT]   Mr Sunak also came under pressure from his rival over his strategy to combat illegal migration, as he seeks to win over the Tory grassroots voters who will decide the next Conservative leader. Calling the current system "broken", he offered a 10-point plan on Sunday that included a commitment to a narrower definition of who qualifies for asylum compared to that from the ECHR, with enhanced powers to detain, tag and monitor illegal migrants. Mr Sunak, who was on the campaign trail on Sunday, also promised to give Parliament control over who comes to the UK by creating an annual cap on the number of refugees accepted each year, albeit one that can be changed in the case of sudden emergencies. But those proposals were picked apart by allies of Ms Truss, who raised questions about Mr Sunak's proposals, arguing that it was unclear how the refugee quota would work and suggesting that some of his plans amounted to a "rebrand". Allies of Ms Truss also queried a suggestion from Mr Sunak that illegal migrants could be housed on cruise ships, something the Truss camp suggested would amount to arbitrary detention and a breach of both domestic and international law. READ NEXT: Liz Truss campaign run by hardline Remainers, claims Brexit architectUnited we stand... divided we will fall, says DAVID WILLIAMSONJohn Curtice delivers brutal verdict on Boris comebackTory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now?With the strength of our candidates we don't need Labour's quotas  