The jackpot is a life-changing amount of money for whoever selects the winning numbers, but Euromillions offers prizes for those who get just two numbers correct. To get the jackpot, winners need to correctly guess the five main numbers and two Lucky Stars. The jackpot prize went unclaimed last Friday after no one chose the correct numbers in the draw. That means the jackpot has now reached its highest amount and must be won by a lucky player. If won, the eye-watering amount will add to the 6,300 millionaires created by the National Lottery since it was launched in 1994. Runners-up who choose five main numbers and one Lucky Star are also quids in and are set to pick up £130,554.30 - certainly not to be sniffed at. READ MORE: Woman slammed after calling 999 to ask police to remove spider Tonight’s Euromillions winning numbers are: 50, 18, 25, 24, and 14 with 11 and 6 as the two Lucky Stars. Those who chose five correct numbers without any of the Lucky Stars have won £13,561.20. But four main numbers and two Lucky Stars is a much lower prize at £844.70, though still a brilliant return for players. Gloucester couple Joe and Jess Thwaite won £184,262,899 in May this year - the highest amount ever won on the National Lottery. The second-highest amount ever won, £170,221,000, was enjoyed by one anonymous UK player in a Must Be Won draw, which was held after the jackpot stayed at its €190 million cap for the maximum five draws. One of the perks of the National Lottery is that the money is not subject to Capital Gains Tax or Income Tax, meaning all of the prize can be claimed and enjoyed by the winner. A number of big wins have gone to lottery syndicates - teams who play together - where the money is shared between the players. DON'T MISS:Chaos as train tracks burst into FLAMES after 'extreme' hot weather [ANALYSIS]Gritters used in summer to save melting roads [INSIGHT]Heathrow: Airlines told to stop selling tickets for summer [REACTION] National Lottery funding is spent on a number of good causes each year thanks to players in the UK. Money from the competition goes to arts, sport, heritage, charity, voluntary, health, education and environmental sectors. Recent awards have gone to projects supporting young people develop the skills they need for their future, as well as communities adapting to the challenges of Covid. Funding is spent through 12 distributors around the UK, including organisations such as Arts Council England, and UK Sport.