The Duke of Cambridge appeared to say a swear word in shocking scenes, sending royal fans into meltdown on social media. While the couple appeared composed as they sat in the royal box, they were seen passionately cheering the players on.  However, one observant fan believed they spotted a blunder from the Duke as the camera focused in on him. The Duke appeared to be close to swearing and saying the f-word. One fan tweeted the video clip of the Duke with the caption: "Haha Prince William saying no, no, no f*** it lol #Wimbledon." Naturally members of the Royal Family are not meant to swear in public and this was quite a break in royal protocol.  However, royal fans on social media enjoyed the hilarious error from the Duke. Many also added that they loved seeing members of the Royal Family making normal everyday mistakes. One fan said: "The Duke of Cambridge has his moment like the rest of us a slip of the tongue." Another added: "Bit of a character, just like his grandfather." READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant  @julsweav chimed in: "Can't be unseen! So glad he's human." Some royal fans weren't even sure if the Duke had sworn at all. one fan argued: "He was about to say ‘for goodness sake’ when the camera cut away." Another suggested: "I think Prince William was complaining about being too hot so was loosening his tie." DON'T MISS:  Stunning Kate strokes cute dog as she watches William play polo [REVEAL] Kate and William in stitches with Carole Middleton at Wimbledon   [INSIGHT] Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement   [SPOTLIGHT]  It comes as body language experts have analysed William and Kate's body language at Wimbledon. Speaking on behalf of Slingo one expert Darren Stanton told Woman and Home that the couple acted in "unison". Mr Stanton argued that the Cambridges tended to shy away from PDA (public displays of affection) as they had the "confidence" to attend events as individuals and as a couple. According to Mr Stanton, the couple also have a "deep connection" due to their tactile nature with each other and prolonged eye contact. 