Chelsea's pursuit of Kalidou Koulibaly could have major repercussions at Arsenal. Juventus were keen on signing Koulibaly but now will turn their attention to Gunners star Gabriel Magalhaes, who is reportedly open to a move to Turin. Chelsea have agreed a deal to sign Koulibaly from Napoli. He is set to be the first defender through the door at Stamford Bridge this summer following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts. Koulibaly has long been linked with a move to the Premier League and a deal of around £34million has been thrashed out. Juve were linked with a move for the Senegal star. The Independent says the Old Lady are almost certainly set to lose Matthijs de Ligt to Bayern Munich. Therefore Koulibaly was seen as a viable replacement for the Dutchman. Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical  However, Napoli were adamant they did not want to sell to a fellow Italian club. And Chelsea have stepped in to complete a deal. Arsenal now are set to be braced for offers for Gabriel. The report says Juve have made contact regarding the Brazilian. Arsenal are said to have put a £40m price tag on the defender. He still has three years remaining on his contract at the Emirates and has been a mainstay of Mikel Arteta's side since his arrival in 2020. Gabriel and his representatives are claimed to be open to a move to Juve. The 24-year-old is seen as a viable option for the Serie A giants as a De Ligt replacement. DON'T MISSArsenal facing heartbreak as target outlines why Newcastle have transfer edgeLeeds in 'big trouble' after two transfer decisions as Jesse Marsch warned of sackBarcelona signing Raphinha comes at huge cost as four stars being 'forced' out  A possible player exchange deal could also be in the pipeline. Juve midfielder Adrien Rabiot has been mentioned as a potential makeweight in a deal for Gabriel. Arsenal boss Arteta insisted earlier this year his plan was to keep hold of his best players. Though he admitted it may be inevitable that is not the case. The Spaniard said: "What we have to be really prepared [for] is when we're going to do that and why we're going to do that, and we can control the timings and we can have the decision-making on when is the right time to do it and be prepared for that. "So sometimes it is inevitable because you cannot offer the same competition level as they've been offered or because you think it is the right moment to make a move. But in principle we want to maintain our best players and keep them and get better." 