Emergency services rushed to the scene at around 10am. The force later confirmed a man had been found dead at the house.    Merseyside Police have since launched an investigation into the "unexplained" death. Earlier in the day, paramedics and forensic officers were spotted standing outside the cordoned-off house. Images showed forensic officers, wearing white overalls and hair nets, going into a house behind the cordon. A reporter on the scene confirmed that the cordon runs from Utting Avenue.   An alleyway behind Priory Road has also been shut off by police. Locals who live near the cordoned areas told the press they were "surprised" to see the commotion happening on their street. Before police confirmed the circumstance, one man who lives near the area said he thinks a “body” might have been found in the house. Two more scientific support vans and three more forensic officers arrived at the house at around 12pm.    One woman told reported she believed there had been a "stabbing". One of the ambulances left the scene just after midday. The cordon remains in place while forensic officers carry out enquiries. Merseyside Police force has now launched an appeal to find the deceased man's next-of-kin.   Arriva North West also confirmed that the bus service 68 will experience a diversion and use Utting Avenue, Pinehurst Avenue and Breck Road heading towards Aigburth Vale. The company confirmed that the normal bus route will resume from Lower Breck Road. A spokesperson for Merseyside police said: "We can confirm that officers are currently on Priory Road in Anfield following a report a man’s body had been found at a property on the road. Emergency services attended following the reports at around 10am this morning (Wednesday 13 July). "A man was sadly pronounced deceased at the property. The man’s death is currently being treated as unexplained and enquiries are ongoing to identify the man and notify his next of kin.  "An investigation is underway and CCTV and witness enquiries are being carried out in the local area. A scene is currently in place on Priory Road whilst officers remain in the area. "Anyone with information which could assist the investigation is asked to DM @MerPolCC quoting reference number 22000498052." 