Chelsea legend John Terry is pushing Thomas Tuchel to keep hold of Levi Colwill rather than lose him in order to bring in another defender. Several players have been linked despite Kalidou Koulibaly being signed. Chelsea legend Terry is among those pushing Tuchel to rethink his position in the transfer window as he looks to sign at least two more defenders. Kalidou Koulibaly has been brought in from Napoli in a transfer worth £35million to replace Antonio Rudiger, who left for Real Madrid on a free transfer. However, there are more arrivals expected with at least two wanted after Andreas Christensen also departed. Tuchel wants to reunite with Presnel Kimpembe, who he worked with at Paris Saint-Germain and the two got on very well. While a bid for Jules Kounde has been reignited after missing out on the Sevilla star last summer. However, their impending arrivals put Colwill's future at risk after he told the club that he would seek to leave if he is not given an assured status within the squad. The 19-year-old has been tipped for stardom after a sensational campaign with Huddersfield last season in the Championship. There is already a long list of clubs willing to take on the teenager including Brighton and Leicester but a sale could put Chelsea in a difficult position. Especially if Cesar Azpilicueta makes his expected exit to Barcelona, leaving the club light at the back once again, while Thiago Silva is likely to leave at the end of next season when he turns 38 and his contract expires. Among those desperate for Tuchel to look closer to home for his solution to the defender problem is Terry, report talkSPORT. The Blues legend is advocating for the usage of Colwill next season at Stamford Bridge. The former England captain is among the best players the club has ever had and one of the best defenders the Premier League has ever seen. That will only emphasise Colwill's desire to play first-team football somewhere - whether that be at Chelsea or not. The youngster still has three years left on his contract at the club and they are under no pressure to sell immediately. However, if Colwill pushes for an exit, they are not expected to stand in his way while Tuchel will have the final word.