The Met Office issued its first-ever red weather warning for extreme heat, with record temperatures over 40C (104F) forecasts for some areas. Chief executive of the Met Office Penny Endersby said the heat predicted is “absolutely unprecedented”. She urged the public to follow official advice and said it should be treated “as seriously as you would a red or amber from us for wind or snow”. READ MORE: Electric fan warning: Staggering amount staying cool in heatwave is costing YOU Mike Tipton, a professor of human and applied physiology at the University of Portsmouth, argued that closures need to be treated on a case-by-case basis. He said: “This will depend on the school (air conditioning/ability to cool) and what the children have to wear, how much physical activity and heat exposure is involved in going to and being at school, and what the situation is like at home in terms of keeping cool. Thus, this is a case-by-case assessment.” Dozens of schools are allowing students to wear their PE kit to school instead of their uniforms to help keep pupils cool. Shadow education secretary Bridget Phillipson encouraged parents to send their children to school and said headteachers would be working to keep classrooms as cool as possible. She told Sophy Ridge On Sunday on Sky News: “I think children have missed out quite a lot already in terms of their education and it’s right for them to be there.” DON'T MISS: Boy, 16, dies after going swimming with friends during heatwave [REPORT]Too hot to work! Union demands new law on maximum temperature for staff as UK boils in 40C [LATEST]Cost-of-living crisis replaces Covid as lead cause of children's anxiety [INSIGHT] The NEU teaching union said it would “support headteachers making professional decisions to cope with the red warning, including in some circumstances to close or partially close schools”. A Department for Education spokesperson said: “There is clear Government guidance available online to help school staff look after children in the hot weather, including the use of ventilation, keeping children hydrated and avoiding vigorous physical activity for pupils. “Individual school leaders are responsible for managing their own local circumstances, but we are not advising schools to close.” So what do YOU think? Should schools close in the extreme heatwave? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.