This mindset rejected Brexit and adheres to a view that Britain is in decline, in economic matters as in political importance. Thus we should cling to the EU and manage a weak economy by raising taxes to avoid borrowing and yet supply adequate public services. Last week, we saw another example of the BBC in action, with Nick Robinson on the Today programme trying to deride Liz Truss’s programme to improve the supply-side of our economy with policies of low tax and deregulation and therefore Treasury orthodoxy, trying their best to diminish and denigrate any attempts to move towards a low-tax economy. Liz Truss  was quite right in her description of the benefits of low taxes. Reducing national insurance and reducing corporation tax boosts the supply side of the economy; in the process of raising supply, it also lowers inflation. By supporting the economy’s demand it combines with monetary policy to reduce inflation optimally; the fiscal expansion keeps the economy safe against recession while the Bank of England raises interest rates to bring down inflation. The government can use its reputation as a safe longterm borrower to borrow now at low interest rates to finance any temporary deficits; this can be done quite safely by ensuring that over the long term the debt/GDP ratio comes down with spending and interest equal to tax. I was misquoted in The Times on where interest rates are likely to go. In a long conversation with one of their journalists I explained principles and possibilities, which of course are wide. But the published forecast of my research group is for around 3% (patrickminford.net), not the 7% he produced out of that conversation. I made it clear that the most likely new normal would be in the range of 2-4%. Remember the Treasury’s role.  It is not to balance the books on a yearly basis, as it urges us to believe. It is to maximise our people's economic welfare. This means focusing on growth. How do we achieve growth? This comes from businesses creating products, investing and innovating, so that productivity rises steadily. However, raising taxes on businesses and on entrepreneurs lowers returns on this activity, and so lowers growth. Yet what have we seen under the alternative to Truss? Rishi Sunak proposes more of this same disastrous establishment strategy. He is the Chancellor that has proposed raising the UK's tax burden to the highest level for more than 70 years. His surrender to Treasury orthodoxy has been the reason that the economy is not performing as it should. His negative approach has encouraged stock market pessimism and a severe lack of business confidence. His attempt to compare himself to Mrs.Thatcher is nonsense. During the 1980s, I worked with her on her administration's economic policy - working to tackle inflation and to create a supply-side reform agenda. I know what she supported; I know how she wanted the economy run. Rishi Sunak is a long way from these ideas.Unfortunately Rishi Sunak's policies will damage our economic performance badly. We need to move away from them towards a proper supply-side reform programme for today: this means keeping taxes low now and lowering them further over time, and reducing the burden of regulation, all in combination with the Bank’s rising interest rates curbing inflation. If you truly want an heir to Thatcher's economic policy, Liz Truss is the one to back.