HBO’s hilarious black comedy about a family of world-famous televangelists is currently in production on its highly anticipated third season. Before The Righteous Gemstones return for more faith-based antics, Express.co.uk caught up with one of the show’s recurring cast members to find out more. Actress Chloe Traicos revealed she fabricated a key part of her audition when she applied for her role as Gloria. So far, Chloe has appeared in two episodes of the comedy-crime series as the silent ex-wife of Baby Billy (played by Walton Goggins) in flashbacks. “I say I got the part because I lied in the audition,” she revealed. “They asked if I could drive a tractor, and I said I could.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Chloe explained one of her first scenes involved Gloria driving a tractor into Judy Gemstone’s (Edi Patterson) birthday party. Thankfully, this idea was scrapped when it came to filming and the actress wasn’t required to learn how to handle a vehicle she had never driven before. “For the scene in [my first episode], Baby Billy arrives at Judy’s birthday party and I’m on the back. “Initially that was meant to be me driving. It wasn’t a lawnmower, initially, it was a tractor.” “So, of course, you’re an actor, in an audition you say, ‘Yes, I do everything.' “And then, of course, when I found out I got the part I quickly did some research into tractor driving, which would have been interesting because I can barely drive a car. “Thankfully, on the day, they changed it, so I was saved!” Chloe also admitted she has not attempted to learn how to drive a tractor since, though she would if another role demanding it came along. DON'T MISS:Seizure star opens up on dark project after Worst Person in the World [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J sparks frenzy with new project [VIDEO]P-Valley fans sent into rage as fan-favourite's death looms [REACTION] In the meantime, it’s currently unknown if Gloria will be back for the third season after it was revealed Baby Billy left his wife and son Harmon (Macauley Culkin) some years ago. She revealed: “I think she’s moved on, she’s remarried. “Obviously, over the years she fed her son a whole load of poison about his dad, that he [turned into] the cat. “I would say she still hates Baby Billy with a passion!” Harmon had grown up believing his father had miraculously transformed into their pet cat, but the pair could start to reconcile as the series goes on. However, Chloe’s role in the series may be at an end if Gloria realised her life is much better without Billy. Season three of The Righteous Gemstones is currently in production now, and has just added Modern Family star Kristen Johnston to the cast. She’ll be portraying May-May Montgomery, who has a history with the Gemstones, though more details about the coming season are currently being kept under wraps. The Righteous Gemstones is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and can be purchased on Amazon Prime Video.