Officers carried out more than 50 coordinated raids across Europe and arrested 39 suspects after a long-running joint investigation. Around 150 small boats, 50 outboard engines and 1,200 life jackets were seized from the gang. Firearms, cash and class A drugs were also recovered during a day of action involving more than 900 police officers. Operation Thoren – the biggest investigation of its kind ever launched against people traffickers – targeted a network of ruthless criminals making millions of pounds a year smuggling immigrants across the Channel in small boats and dinghies. The gang are believed to have trafficked around 10,000 men, women and children in the past 12 to 18 months. A deadly criminal syndicate, it has a reputation for violence and for shooting rivals who attempt to steal their business. Smuggling immigrants to Britain is so profitable, the network forged deals with manufacturers to supply them with small boats and other equipment. The slick operation meant cheap, barely sea-worthy vessels overloaded with up to 60 travellers were put on the water with underpowered engines.  Tuesday’s dramatic raids were the culmination of a joint initiative by Britain’s National Crime Agency (NCA), along with counterparts in France, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands. Launched last November following the arrest of 16 suspects in France, the NCA believes Operation Thoren will lead to an immediate reduction in cross-Channel illegal immigration. Matt Rivers, regional head of investigations at the NCA, said: “Given the number of boats seized yesterday, yes, we can expect a fall in crossings in the immediate future. “Last year, we had nearly 1,000 boats cross the Channel – 135 boats is just over 10 per cent, so we can work out from that the size and scale of the group.” The raids were carried out in Germany, France and the Netherlands, where the majority of suspects were based. Six people were held in simultaneous raids in London as part of Operation Punjum, the British version of Operation Thoren.  Home Secretary Priti Patel said: “These arrests send a clear message to the criminal gangs who are preying on vulnerable people across Europe and beyond – we will stop at nothing to end your sordid trade, bring you to justice and save lives. “This hugely significant operation once again shows the NCA and our international partners working diligently to dismantle people-smuggling networks. “These callous individuals treat human lives as a commodity and we will continue to work with our partners to ensure that they feel the full force of our new, tougher laws designed to break their business model and suitably punish them for their despicable crimes.” The European action was ­co-ordinated by Europol, along with Eurojust, the European Union’s criminal justice cooperation agency. The key to the success of Tuesday’s operation was intelligence gathering and sharing, as well as co-ordinated investigations, it was said. Speaking at a Eurojust press ­conference in The Hague, Netherlands, Mr Rivers said: “This level of cooperation is unprecedented.   “This group we have targeted may have been involved in smuggling up to 10,000 migrants to the UK. These people risk lives in the pursuit of profit.” It is thought the people-smuggling trade as a whole generated more than £51million in 2021, according to Europol. Illegal immigrants are being charged between £2,200 and £3,000 to cross the Channel. They will pay a lot more if their passage through Europe is included. Many of the suspects arrested were targeted following intelligence gathered by the NCA. One suspected boss in the network is alleged to be Hewa Rahimpur, 29, an Iranian living in Ilford, east London. Rahimpur was arrested last May and is now facing extradition to face charges in Belgium. Chris Farrimond, NCA’s director of threat leadership, said: “It was actually our intelligence which started this all off and which led to the culmination on Tuesday. “Many of those arrested overseas have been targeted as a result of evidence that we provided to the taskforce.”   Mr Farrimond added: “It will take some time for this group, or whichever group succeeds it, to recover. Now, we’re not going to stop at this point. “Ideally we’d like to stop the supply of small boats much earlier on so that they really have difficulty getting their hands on them. “And we’d also like to attack the money flows in a lot more detail than we do now. So there’s plenty more to do. It’s not going to stop it – but it is going to make a dent.” French police have “upped their game quite considerably,” Mr Farrimond said, adding: “They’re putting a lot of effort into stopping the boats going at all now. “The French assessment is that if they were to be able to stop 75 per cent of the boats leaving the French coast, then that would effectively break the traffickers’ model. There wouldn’t be enough money in the trade to make it worthwhile for them.  