William Saliba is reportedly considering his future at Arsenal with Mikel Arteta's plans for the Frenchman still not set in stone. The Frenchman is also attracting interest from clubs across Europe, putting Arteta in a tricky situation. Saliba has proven he has the DNA of a top level centre-back, winning Ligue 1 young player of the year last season while on loan at Marseille, and even earning a call-up to the senior France squad. But there are still question marks over whether he will be a guaranteed starter for Arsenal this season. His apparent failure to see eye to eye with Arteta make things tricky for both parties, which is a shame when it looks like there is so much talent to be taken advantage of. Arsenal have always struggled with a leaky defence, and the 48 goals they shipped last term isn't really anything to be proud of. Gabriel and Ben White provided stability for Arteta as a pairing, but if the Gunners are to secure that elusive top four slot, they need to start thinking about taking things up a level. Saliba has the qualities and potential of a player who can play at that very top level, as he's shown in France. That hasn't secured his place in Arteta's first team plans for the upcoming season though. And it is for that very reason Saliba's future is untenable. The Mail claim that the 21-year-old will ask to leave the club unless Arteta guarantees him a spot on his first choice XI. So with Atletico Madrid and Marseille circling, pressure in on the Spaniard to make a decision. There is also the small matter of his contract to solve, with two years left to run now having signed a five-year deal when he joined three years ago. Reports from France claim that Saliba has no intention of renewing his deal as things stand. A run of games and time to settle in the first team could well change that scenario, with Saliba's main issue seemingly being that he wants to be a part of Arteta's plans. And those games should give the manager a chance to see if Saliba has what it takes to operate in the Premier League. One thing is for certain though, this scenario can not continue as it has, and there must be some kind of conclusion in the not too distant future. Arteta hasn't covered himself in glory through the Saliba debacle, and his reputation for being 'ruthless' will perhaps need to come to the fore again. But for a team that have been crying out for a quality centre-back for so long, surely Arteta has to give Saliba a chance to show what he's got. What's the worst that can happen?