As fans await the second season of Raising Kanan, Detective Howard star Omar Epps has landed a major new role on Netflix. Taking a step away from the Starz crime series, Epps will feature in a star-studded thriller.  Raising Kanan was one of the major spin-offs which followed the success of its original series, Power. After its release in 2021, the series shot to fame as it transported viewers back to 1991 to explore the upbringing of the prequel’s most complex character, Kanan Stark (50 Cent). As fans watched Kanan’s (Mekai Curtis) focus shift from high school to the streets, Detective Howard was introduced. After going behind his mother’s back, Mekai had a price on his head and a drive-by shooting led to an investigation and the heightened interest of the detective. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot However, as the season was drawing to an end, viewers soon discovered Howard was Kanan’s estranged father. As the teenager wanted to be fully involved in crime and the drug business, his queen-pin mother Raquel Thomas (Patina Miller) tasked him with a mission. Following his mother’s orders, Kanan went out to kill Howard, who he didn’t know was his father. However, after being gunned down in the park, the season finale soon revealed the detective did in fact survive the shooting.  Thankfully for fans, they will soon be able to see Epps in a different role as they await the release of Raising Kanan season two. It was recently announced the award-winning actor had landed a role in ‘The Deliverance’, which was an upcoming Lee Daniels production. The film, which is inspired by real life, will follow the life of a disturbed mother who fights for her life, her faith, and the souls of her children. A battle which was sparked after discovering their new home is haunted by a demonic presence. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul fans ‘spot’ Lalo Salamanca in Breaking Bad [INSIGHT]Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT]Power Book 3 spin-off: Will Raq Thomas get her own Starz show? [INSIGHT] Although Epps’ role has yet to be revealed he will join a star-studded cast which features Caleb McLaughlin, Andra Day, Glenn Close, Mo’Nique, Aunjanue Ellis and Tasha Smith. While it was announced Day would portray the mother, the cast and showrunners have remained tight-lipped about the film. The Deliverance is expected to have major commercial success due to its cast and the fact that major streaming giants had a bidding war for the film's rights. Eventually, Netflix came out on top after paying a reported $65million.  As for Raising Kanan fans can rest assured they will see its return very soon as the episode will return in August. This instalment had been on the books for a while as bosses announced season two weeks before season one had even aired. Starz president and CEO Jeffrey Hirsch explained: “One season isn't enough to tell the coming of age story of Kanan Stark and his mother, Raq, a fierce and successful woman who is a force of nature.” He continued: “The anticipation globally for more of the Power Universe made it clear that the Kanan story needs to continue.” Raising Kanan season two will premiere on Starz in the US and Starzplay in the UK on Sunday, August 14. 