Melanie Chisholm, 48, opened up in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk about the Spice Girls’ “lovely relationship” with Prince Charles after meeting him several times over the years. The group famously first met the future king 25 years ago and he was left blushing when both Geri Horner (formerly Halliwell) and Mel B kissed him on the cheek. Pushing royal boundaries even further, Geri told Charles that she thought he was “very sexy” and gave him a pat on the bottom.Reflecting on the infamous meeting, Melanie C joked that the group would be “#MeToo’d” for their antics nowadays, although says Charles is able to “chuckle” about it now.She told Express.co.uk: “We have been very, very lucky to meet the Queen and Prince Charles, obviously we have a bit of a history with Prince Charles!“It’s so funny when that old footage pops up of when we first met Charles and he ended up covered in lipstick and having little pats on his bottom. I mean, you know, the girls would get #MeToo’d for that now wouldn’t they! READ MORE:Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host “But we do have a lovely relationship with Charles. We don’t see him often but we are all ambassadors for the Prince’s Trust so we will be at certain events and he will be there and we do have a bit of a chuckle about things that have gone on over the years.  “We were also very lucky to meet [Prince William and Prince Harry] when they were very young. We also went to Highgrove and had tea, so there are some very cherished memories for myself and all the Spice Girls.”Given the Spice Girls’ famous history with the royal family, it seemed a given that they would be a part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month.However, the five-time Brit Award winners left fans disappointed when they were nowhere to be seen. Discussing the monumental event, Melanie admitted that they “weren’t happy” about missing it, but said it was “impossible” to pull it together.She explained: “You know what, we would have loved to be there but it was just one of those situations where it was impossible.  “With us girls, there is so much that we would like to do but there are four, five people involved with families and other commitments and responsibilities.  “It was something that we had to miss but we weren’t happy about having to miss it. DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news[INSIGHT]Kate Garraway pulls out of GMB as husband Derek takes 'turn for worse'[LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton strips down to white bikini[PICTURES] “But yeah, sometimes things don’t work out. It was a shame to not be there on the day but I'm sure that we will have other opportunities moving forward.”It comes as Melanie, otherwise known as Sporty Spice, has teamed up with Booking.com in support of the UEFA Women’s Euro.With the collaboration, the I Turn To You singer is celebrating women’s football and aims to promote the benefits of travelling. Research from Booking.com found that 41 percent of England fans said travelling to watch a football match abroad opened them up to new experiences and 37 percent said it encouraged them to be more adventurous and try new things. On why she has got involved, Melanie said: “I have been so lucky in my career and I have done a lot of travelling. With the wonderful Women’s Euro, there is an opportunity to travel all over England, to places that you may never have thought of going to.” She added: “Obviously, being Sporty Spice and being a Spice Girl, we have always been very vocal about girl power and for me no more so than celebrating women’s football.” Booking.com is the Official Accommodation Booking Partner of UEFA Women’s EURO 2022™ and its campaign showcases the power of first experiences.