Campaigners want a referendum on rejoining the bloc or to at least take Britain back into the EU's single market. They say the Brexit Britons were sold by politicians was a lie and the country needs to get back on track. Co-organiser Peter Corr told Express.co.uk: "The Brexit [Express readers] were sold was a lie. We can see that now. "So let's get our country back on track and rejoin at least the single market." A poster advertising the march in London includes the strapline "we want our star back" in reference to the EU flag. Postponed twice due to Covid restrictions, the march aims to bring together EU supporters in a bid to show their strength in numbers with the event taking place in the same week the next Prime Minister is announced.  Mr Corr said: "It's coincidence that it's ended up being around the Tory leadership contest. However, all contenders still support Brexit, seemingly oblivious to its harm. "So as they become the new PM, the march will politely tell them why they're on the wrong side of history if they continue down this path of destruction and division." He added the 2016 Brexit referendum was fought on "unknowns and what ifs" mainly from the Leave camp, but also Remain. Mr Corr said: "They're no longer unknowns - they're reality. We're not better off, we're worse off. Our wages aren't rising. Our housing isn't easier to get. Goods and services are more expensive. Inflation is through the roof, much of it in the UK made worse by the affects of Brexit.  READ MORE ABOUT A LOTTERY WINNER SCOOPING £195MILLION  "Key traditional industries such as fishing, farming and logistics are being crippled." He pointed to the situation over the Northern Ireland Protocol and calls in Scotland for another independence referendum as evidence of the UK being more divided since Brexit. Mr Corr, an HGV driver, said: "We weren't divided while we were in the EU though." He insisted the march is not a continuation of the Remain campaign, saying: "That's over. Remain lost.   DON'T MISS: Angry Tesco shoppers sign petition complaining about self-service till [REPORT] 'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance [REVEALED] 'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change [LATEST] "The Rejoin campaign is based on [the] reality we can all see. It is a separate campaign. Just single market membership alone would help to alleviate many of the problems our country faces thanks to Brexit." A previous bid to stage the march saw more than 6,000 people register an interest in attending. This compares to the hundreds of thousands who joined a rally in October 2019 to demands voters be given a final say on Brexit. Mr Corr claimed no Government could have made Brexit work because of the way it was sold to the electorate.  He continued: "I'm a HGV driver. I'm one of the few trades where our wages have risen. That's because our boss is desperate to keep drivers during the huge driver shortage made far worse in the UK by EU citizens unable to fill jobs Brits are choosing not to take. HGV drivers don't fit in the 'skilled workers' bracket created by Priti Patel. "In the EU, they have a pool of all those countries to help fill positions. Our boss can't sustain the wage rises, so has upped his prices to customers. Shops. Everything is delivered on trucks. They can't sustain higher prices for deliveries so up their prices. "This explains a huge percentage of inflation in the UK on basically everything. Nothing will make that better, apart from single market membership or a massive relaxation of Priti Patel's immigration laws."  Official partners of the march listed on its website are UK Rejoin the EU Ltd, Stay European, 16 Million Rising Radio, Grassroots for Europe, EUnite, Catharine Kingcome, Bremain in Spain, Sputnik Rat and Leeds for Europe. They are joined by North East for Europe, Cornwall for Europe, European Movement Staffordshire, Rejoin Hub, The Rejoin EU Party, UKIN eu and UK Rejoin Women. Completing the list of backers are Music Sounds Better With EU, View Delta Press, Brexit Carnage, Scientists for EU, Eddisbury for Europe and Manchester for Europe. 