In his very last session in the dispatch box, Boris Johnson slammed Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer for his "funny wooden flapping gesture" he makes at Prime Minister's Questions.  In a tirade against Sir Keir Starmer, Boris Johnson slammed: "I can tell you why he's doing that, funny wooden flapping gesture, Mr Speaker. Because he's got his unions Barons pulling his strings froù beneath him. "That's true," Boris Johnson added as MPs shouted.  The Labour leader criticised Boris Johnson's track record on the economy amid rising inflation and skyrocketing prices. He used the arguments put forward by Conservatives candidates Liz Truss and Penny Mordaunt to attack Boris Johnson's Government. Both frontrunners came at former Chancellor Rishi Sunak during an ITV news debate, saying his policies would plunge the country into "recession" and bring about the end of public sector funding. Attacking Mr Starmer for not recognising the achievements made by his Government, Boris Johnson lashed out: "What does it say about him that no one could name a single policy after three years of the Labour opposition apart from putting up taxes. "He's one of those pointless plastic bollards you find around a deserted road works on a motorway, Mr Speaker."   The outgoing Prime Minister then launched into another series of attacks against the Labour leader, detailing every Labour failure over the last three years. "We got Brexit done, he voted against it 48 times. "We got this country fast out of Covid in spite of everyhting he would have kept us in lockdown. "We're fixing social care, Mr Speaker, they have no plans or ideas of their own. "We're bringing forward measures in the face of strikes to outlaw strikes, Mr Speaker." READ MORE: Blackford left fuming after Boris ridicules SNP’s record in Scotland  The Labour leader had previously criticised Boris Johnson's Government record leveraging the Tory contenders' argument against his Government. The last Conservative televised debate opposing Tory contenders shed light on rising tensions and disagreement between members of the Conservative Party. Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, who engaged in heated clashes in ITV News' debate, pulled out of the last televised debate scheduled to be held on Tuesday in a bid to renew such a scene. A joint statement said: "Conservative MPs are said to be concerned about the damage the debates are doing to the image of the Conservative Party, exposing disagreements and splits within the party." DON'T MISS:Boris ridicules Starmer's 'funny wooden flapping gesture' - MPs shout [REPORT]Mrs Thatcher's right-hand-man writes manifesto for Britain [ANALYSIS]More than 1,600 migrants have crossed the Channel this month [REPORT] The leadership candidates - Rishi Sunak, Lizz Truss, Penny Mordaunt, Tom Tugendhat and Kemi Badenoch - had already taken part in a TV debate held by Channel 4 News. Now, the last three remaining candidates - Rishi Sunak, Lizz Truss and Penny Mordaunt - are facing off in another round of voting before the final two. According to polls, Mr Sunak is bound to qualify for the final two but it remains unclear who he will be campaigning against. The final two candidates will be campaigning during Parliament's summer recess until September 5 when Tory grassroots elect the new Conservative leader and Prime Minister. READ NEXT:When is next UK election?Keir Starmer goes on foul mouthed rant about 'bullsh***er Boris'Keir Starmer 'party animal' in wild University of Leeds daysAngry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PMSuella Braverman slams 'woke' Tory leadership hopeful Penny Mordaunt