Ainsley Harriott, 65, took his sister, Jacqueline, with him to the VIP launch of Chelsea Flower Show in May. However, not all ran smoothly as Ainsley was left trying to save his sister after she fell into a water feature. In a recent interview, Ainsley has admitted he is considering legal action over the incident, as the area "should have been roped off". What was supposed to be a relaxing event turned into a nightmare for Ainsley, after he was left trying to save his sister from drowning. The retired teacher fell into a water feature at the Chelsea Flower Show and she was rushed to hospital after she "coughed up a lot of water". The incident happened at the Our Green Planet and RHS Bee Garden exhibit, with Jacqueline falling into the garden pond feature. Ainsley has since spoken about what happened and what he thinks should have been done to prevent accidents. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour He said: "The Health and Safety was not particularly great. "They should have roped it [the show pond] off. "It was about 6ft deep — quite a drop once you hit the water", Ainsley told the MailOnline, as the media outlet reported the TV chef is contemplating taking legal action. Express.co.uk have contacted Ainsley's representatives for comment. An RHS spokesman said of the incident: "We take Health and Safety very seriously. "Throughout the remainder of the show we made the decision to close off the garden to visitors." Ainsley took to Twitter at the time to reassure his fans that his sister was doing "fine" after the incident. He wrote on May 23: "Just a big thank you to everyone who helped my sister when she had a fall at the Chelsea Flower Show this morning. "She’s doing fine and all is well xx." DON'T MISS... Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby [OPINION] Lorraine Kelly speaks out as viewers fume after show pulled off air [COMMENT] Michael Caine, 89, supported by assistant while using walking frame [PICS] A guest also said of the incident: "The garden was packed with lots of people and I think the woman must have fallen into the pond or tripped over and ended up in the water. "I think she nearly drowned. She was pulled out by Ainsley Harriott and some other celebrities before they laid her down on the floor. "She was coughing up lots of water", the source told The Sun. RHS volunteer Matt Peskett saw the ordeal unfold, and confirmed that organisers would place barriers around the feature to ensure similar incidents don’t occur. At the time RHS released the following statement: "We are investigating an incident that occurred in a garden at RHS Chelsea Flower Show today. "The guest was quickly attended to by on site medical professionals and we are pleased to say is now home and well." Ainsley has had a very successful career as a TV chef, and is most known for his BBC cooking game shows. These included Can't Cook, Won't Cook, and Ready Steady Cook.