Scotland Yard said one man died in a stabbing in Ealing, west London, where officers from the force were called just before midnight on Saturday to a man suffering stab wounds inside a pub in Uxbridge Road. Forty minutes later police were called at about 12:35am today to reports of shots fired in Cheney Row Park off Durban Road, Walthamstow, east London. In Ealing, the man, who police believe to be aged in his 50s, was pronounced dead at the scene. His family has been informed. They will be supported by specialist officers, the Met said in a statement. A Met Police spokesman added a post-mortem examination and formal identification will be arranged. He said there have been no arrests at this early stage. Anyone with information or any witnesses who are yet to speak with police should call 101 or remain anonymous, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. On the Walthamstow shooting, a Met spokesman said: "Officers attended the location along with ambulance colleagues. Cordons were put in place and a crime scene secured. A short time later, two people self-presented at an east London hospital. One of the men, aged 28 years and suffering critical gunshot injuries, died at hospital a short time later. "His family have been informed and will be supported by specialist officers. A post-mortem examination and formal identification will be arranged in due course." The second man, aged in his 30s, was discharged from hospital having suffered stab injuries. He has been arrested in connection with the incident and taken into custody at a London police station, according to the Met. The murder investigation is led by DCI Kelly Allen of Specialist Crime. DCI Allen said: “My heart goes out to the family of the man who has lost his life in this reckless act of violence. I can assure them of my total dedication, and that of my team, to ensuring that they get justice. I believe there were 50 to 100 people gathered in and around Cheney Row Park at the time of the shooting with music playing. I urgently need to speak with everyone who was at that event – even if you do not believe you saw anything significant, you need to come forward and speak with officers."  Stella Creasy, Labour MP for Walthamstow, posted on Facebook: "I have some very sad news to report. Overnight there has been a murder in our community. I'm sharing the police update on this and would ask that you don't speculate on this matter out of respect to this man's family. As soon as I have further information I can share I will update residents. If you were at this event or have information about what happened I urge you come forward to help identify those responsible." Resident Adam Ma commented on her post that unofficial parties were regularly held in the park. He said: "I live right next to this park and it’s impossible to sleep or relax during the weekend because of the new park. This new park was actually a good addition to the area and it was going well until people were allowed to throw parties. "This attracted new faces to the area including criminals. This was a quiet area and now it just turned to trash because of this park. The park has no closing time and the back end is a long path that takes you to areas such as Tottenham etc. It’s a really nice spot for criminals to do criminal activity without being seen and its easy for them to get away. "You need to start by actually having gates at the park and closing the park at certain times, and then add more street lights at the back and install proper CCTV cameras. There’s been bad news in this area too often now and this is the reason. I can’t even leave my house." News of the stabbing in Ealing was followed by reports of an explosion in the same part of the capital a few hours later. London Fire Brigade has been approached for details. A spokesman for the Met Police said there was a fire at a business's premises at about 6am today. There were local reports of a road being closed as a result of what happened with three police cars, unmarked cars and up to five London Fire Brigade vehicles in the area. Shocked residents shared their reactions on social media with one Twitter user describing it as a "crazy morning". Louise Peaple tweeted: "Crazy morning in Ealing Broadway! Explosion before 6am down the alleyway by old Ealing Fitness Squash club. So many problems [have] been happening in this small community since the pandemic. Local residents are not allowed back in homes until this is resolved. 5 fire engines, police." Fellow Twitter user Azra Merali commented: "It’s horrible - so many residents have alerted the council to this with no action taken. Our children should not have to walk in public places and be terrified." Ms Peaple replied: "It's a nightmare."  READ MORE ABOUT A PENSIONER, 70, MULLING A RETURN TO WORK OVER SOARING BILLS  The fatal stabbing in Ealing comes after a 23-year-old man was slashed at a pub in Hornchurch, east London, on Friday night. Scotland Yard said in a statement the victim was taken to an east London hospital where he was in a serious, but stable condition. His next of kin have been informed. The Met released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the stabbing. Detective Sergeant Joe Seals said: "We have been carrying out a number of urgent enquiries to track down the person responsible and we are now in a position to release an image of a man we need to identify.  I would encourage anyone who recognises this man, or any witnesses who have not yet spoken to police, to contact us immediately."   DON'T MISS: Meghan 'disappeared' with photographer and brought 'suitcase' on trip [REVEALED] George received an adorable special birthday treat from the Queen [LATEST] Meghan and Harry’s plot for ‘woke’ monarchy [REPORT] Just days before that incident a 51-year-old man was found with stab wounds outside a property in Haringey, north London. The victim was taken to hospital where his condition was judged to be non-life threatening, according to the Met whose officers found the wounded man in Maidstone Road just after midnight last Sunday. Officers said the suspect is described as a skinny black male aged between 20 and 30 and about 5ft 8ins tall. Detectives were also seeking the driver of a white coupe style car which was in Maidstone Road at the time of the stabbing.  This week it emerged police forces in England and Wales have recorded the highest number of crimes in 20 years, driven by a sharp rise in offences including fraud, rape and violent attacks. A total of 6.3 million crimes were recorded in the year to March 2022 - four percent higher than the previous all-time high of 6.1 million in 2019/20. It is also up 16 percent on 2020/21, when crime levels were affected by COVID-19 lockdown restrictions. The figures, published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), show knife crime, theft and domestic abuse all increased in the 12 months to March.  Knife crime rose by 10 percent to 49,027 offences in the year to March, compared to 44,642 in the previous 12 months - though this is below the pre-pandemic year of 2019/20, which saw 55,078 offences. Various types of police-recorded crime are now at their highest level since current records began in 2002/03, including the number of rape offences (70,330 in 2021/22), all sexual offences (194,683), stalking and harassment offences (722,574), and all violence against the person offences (2.1 million). There were 909,504 domestic abused-related offences recorded in 2021/22, up eight percent on 2020/21 and up 12 percent on the pre-pandemic year of 2019/20. Some of this increase may reflect improvements seen in reporting over the last few years.  Diana Fawcett, Chief Executive of the charity Victim Support, said: "Record rises in crime levels are always worrying - behind these statistics are real people and being a victim of any crime can have a devastating and long lasting impact. "Regardless of the reason for the increase, this huge rise in recorded crime coincides with victims across the country facing agonisingly long waits for trial. "With the highest number of cases for 20 years coming into the criminal justice system, we need urgent action to address the backlog of cases, to ensure that those who've had the courage to report a crime get the justice they deserve." 