P-Valley returned for season two earlier this year with veteran stripper Mercedes (played by Brandee Evans) back at The Pynk. Fans of the Starz drama had been waiting two years for this second season and have not been disappointed as this series has been filled with explosive storylines from the get-go. One of which revolves around Mercedes, who has been financially struggling for quite some time. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley.P-Valley season two premiered on Friday, June 3, with a new episode from then on coming out every Sunday night. Early on in the series, Mercedes injured her shoulder when she fell from the top of the pole at The Pynk, temporarily putting her out of work. In order to try and make some more money for the time being, she agreed to Coach's (Sherman Augustus) deal of becoming his private lap dancer for $40,000. She only agreed to his terms as long as Coach's wife Farrah (Shamika Cotton) gave her permission. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ When Mercedes went to their home, Farrah saw Mercedes in action and was very impressed. In fact, so much so, that she wanted to join in and the three of them ended up sleeping together. Things became complicated when Coach realised his wife was bisexual and there was more happening between Farrah and Mercedes which didn't involve him. The couple rowed which resulted in Coach kicking Mercedes out and terminating the contract that she desperately needed. P-Valley's Mercedes actress Brandee Evans was born on June 2, 1985, which now makes her 37 years old. The star celebrated her birthday earlier this year at the P-Valley season two premiere. She was wearing a stunning red dress from Dubai Fashion House Marmar Halim, standing on the red carpet alongside her co-stars. In one of the pictures she shared on Instagram, Evans is seen holding up a birthday cake in the ball gown. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [FILMING]P-Valley sparks uproar as fans forced to wait for next episode [REACTION]P-Valley season 3: Cast ‘confident’ for Starz renewal [CAST] Evans wrote: "June 2nd...About last night…My birthday and the premiere of Season 2 @pvalleystarz. "It was a dream. I should have more words but I’m still processing it. "Thank you God. Just thank you. #DreamsComeTrue." (sic) While fans usually expect to see P-Valley every Sunday night, viewers were disappointed at the weekend. P-Valley did not return to its usual timeslot on Starz and Starzplay on Sunday, July 17. The drama took one week off away from the small screen but there isn't too much longer to wait before its return. P-Valley will be back for its next instalment, episode seven, called Jackson, on Sunday, July 24. P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.