Tottenham are reportedly interested in continuing their summer spending spree by targeting AS Roma attacker Nicolo Zaniolo. Reports in Italy claim their sporting director Fabio Paratici has held initial talks over a deal for the Italy international as Antonio Conte looks to add more fresh faces to his squad. And Spurs may hold the key to putting together a deal with two trump cards to play, with one being the role of transfer broker Paratici in handling negotiations for the club. The former Juventus director has a certain pull in negotiating with Italian clubs, as evidenced by his deals to sign Cristian Romero from Atalanta last summer and Ivan Perisic on a free transfer back in June. And it has been reported by Sky Sports that the north London side have entered initial talks, with Paratici meeting his counterpart Tiago Pinto to discuss a deal between the two clubs. The only stumbling block for Spurs could be the £60m asking price that Roma are requesting to be paid in full. Zaniolo has two years left on his £75,000-a-week contract and the Serie A outfit are under no pressure to sell this summer, even if the forward stalls on renewing his deal, while Spurs have already splashed out £85m on four new signings. READ MORE: Tottenham set for new arrival as Conte aims for backroom masterstroke The other factor Spurs can use to try and lure Zaniolo to join their ambitious project is the sway of Italian tactician Conte. The 54-year-old is one of the world’s most prestigious coaches and, while Zaniolo is already working under Jose Mourinho, the chance to work with Conte is not one that many players pass up. It would also be different to find a place for Zaniolo in Conte's starting XI following the £60m signing of Richarlison from Everton. Competition for places is already rife, with Harry Kane and Son Heung-min guaranteed starters, leaving Richarlison, Dejan Kulusevski and Lucas Moura to scrap over the final place in the front three. DON'T MISSTottenham's Zaniolo move unsure with another club set for talksTottenham enter 'final details' in Barcelona talks amid Lingard stanceTottenham decide stance on Gordon transfer after sending Everton offer However, Juventus are also interested in acquiring the 23-year-old and may offer a more low-risk option for the Italian, who has done well to make a full recovery after sustaining two career-threatening ACL injuries in his short career. Zaniolo, who joined Roma from Inter four years ago as part of a player swap deal, has scored 22 times in 111 appearances in all competitions for Mourinho’s side. The right winger scored eight times in 44 outings last term, helping the Italian outfit win the Europa Conference League last season and qualify for the Europa League. He made the headlines at the age of 19 when Roberto Mancini handed the youngster his first senior international call-up, despite the fact he was yet to make his senior debut for the Giallorossi, and has gone on to win nine caps for the Azzurri.