Jennifer Lopez got second time lucky when she reignited the flame she shared with Ben Affleck and finally married him almost 20 years after they called off their first engagement. However, fans were furious when Ben said he felt "trapped" in his previous marriage to Jennifer Garner and that was "part of why" he started drinking. Jennifer Lopez felt compelled to step in and defend him, insisting that she "couldn't have more respect" for her beau following his controversial comments which saw him branded "pathetic" and told to "grow a pair" by some members of the public. After a source suggested to Page Six that she was "p****d" about being "dragged into" the debate just "because she is dating him", and would have preferred him to keep his comments about his ex to himself, Lopez firmly denied the reports. Prior to their recent marriage, Lopez clarified to People: "This story is simply not true - it is not how I feel." She added: "I couldn't have more respect for Ben as a father, a co-parent, and a person." READ NOW: Alex Scott's appearance at Euro 2022 as leaves BBC viewers distracted    The crisis had begun after Ben took part in an explosive interview on The Howard Stern Show, in which he insisted that if he had remained in his previous marriage, he would "still be drinking". The actor told of how he was tempted to hit the bottle due to a troubled relationship with Jennifer Garner. "I was like ‘I can’t leave ’cause of my kids, but I’m not happy, what do I do?’" Ben lamented. "What I did was drink a bottle of scotch and fall asleep on the couch, which turned out not to be the solution."  "YOU made the choice to reach for the bottle instead of help! You are an adult, not 13 years old!" Others urged him to "grow a pair" and "own" his lifestyle choices. Meanwhile some fans claimed that Garner could have chosen to keep his kids away from him when he started to struggle with addiction, and that it was a credit to her that she chose not to do so. Ben told Jimmy Fallon that the media had twisted his words, saying he had been depicted as "the worst, most insensitive, stupid, awful guy". "I had gone on and said how much we respect each other and cared about each other and cared about our kids and put them first," he told the world. Ben and Garner divorced back in 2018 and he went on to marry J-Lo earlier this month in Las Vegas. The newlyweds have since been travelling around Europe on their honeymoon.