Faith (played by Sally Dexter) has done just about everything to her family, leading to challenges with her relationships with her children, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). However, as her last days grow closer on Emmerdale, it seems her loved ones are finally able to forgive her for her past wrongs. However, once she has died on the ITV soap, they could be left furious when they discover what she was hiding from them. Thursday's episode of the weeknight serial drama began with Faith sitting in the café with her great-granddaughter Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill). Although they were meant to be spending some quality time together, Faith had to take a call from someone who turned out to be a debt collector. The matriarch of the iconic family said: "Have I not paid my ticket? Mr debt collector, I am so sorry. I'll have to give you my new address because I've just moved. "It's six feet under in the graveyard because that's where you'll find me because that's where I'll be, you money-grabbing scumbag." After putting down the phone, she told Sarah: "That was fun, annoying traffic wardens, that should be on the top of everyone's shopping list." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved stalwart exits after proposal It seemed Faith was in no rush to pay the debt she owed and proceeded to talk to Sarah about completing a bucket list before she died. "I think I've done just about everything," Faith replied, listing the number of crimes and illegalities she had committed over the years. The rest of the episode followed the pair as Faith wanted to make the most of every second but Sarah told her it was ok to have less chaotic days. Although they were both facing the prospect at some point in the future, albeit at different times, they knew how the other was feeling. However, the last thing Sarah would expect when her great-grandmother dies is to discover she was in huge amounts of debt. Although Faith was joking about the parking ticket she got, this might not her only debt. Once she has died, the Dingles could be contacted to explain the matriarch had thousands of pounds left to pay on various accounts. They would be livid to discover she had been keeping this a secret and what would make them angrier is they would be lumbered with the debt. The family has always struggled with money and they have sometimes resorted to illegal means to get their hands on some cash. However, this time around, they could be set to lose everything as they realise they can't do what they used to in the old days. For Cain, this would include selling the garage to make some more money whereas Chas could call in a big favour with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). She could ask the Woolpack owner to share her half of the pub to pay off Faith's debt, which Charity would be willing to do. However, this would only be because Faith contributed £20,000 towards Sarah's treatment when she was diagnosed with throat cancer. It could be this was all the money the matriarch had left in her life savings and she had been maxing out credit cards ever since. Despite Faith being dead, will her family hold this against her for however long they live as they have to start from scratch? The actress who plays Faith, Sally, has been talking about her exit from the show after five years of playing the beloved character. Sally explained: "Some of the scripts reflect how I feel – she's hurtling towards her end and I'm hurtling towards the end of my time in Emmerdale. "Even though I think it's the right thing, it's quite devastating because I'm going to leave behind people I really care about, like Jeff [Hordley], Lucy [Pargeter] and Natalie [J Robb]." "It's extraordinary to be working with them. I don't just mean their acting abilities, but them as human beings. "I think [the storyline] is excellent. I haven't read the scripts for her death, but I'm hoping it's as positive as it can be." "This isn't just a story about a cancer; it's a wider story about family," the soap actress continued to explain to TV Times. It seems viewers are heartbroken she will be leaving as well, with Lee writing on Twitter: "I still don’t agree with the idea of killing off Faith but it’s been really great." Claire added: "She is a breath of fresh air as a character and Sally dexter is brilliant...so sad...I think I’m so affected not only because Faith is dying but we are losing Sally #emmerdale @emmerdale." Karen commented on the social media platform: "Love Faith Dingle, will not be the same without her don’t want that episode to come around." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursday.