Lewis Hamilton has slammed fans at the Austrian Grand Prix, claiming he is “disgusted” after reports of abuse circulated on social media. The Mercedes star said attending a race should “never be a source of anxiety and pain” as he called on F1 organisers to do more. It comes after fans attending the race in Spielberg reported being victims of a range of abuse. Hamilton said: “Disgusted and disappointed to hear that some fans are fencing racist, homophobic and generally abusive behaviour at the circuit this weekend. “Attending the Austrian Grand Prix or any GP should never be a source of anxiety and pain for fans and something must be done to ensure that races are safe spaces for all. Please if you see this happening, report it to circuit security and to F1, we cannot sit back and allow this to continue." The issues include the verbal and physical harassment of many female motorsport fans attending the event. Some have reported being cat-called when walking past grandstands with one supporter even admitting the experience means they will not return next year. READ MORE: Hamilton blasts 'mind-blowing' fans who cheered crash at Austrian GP A message from a Ferrari fan on social media revealed they believed the race had been the “worst Grand Prix experience” possible due to the level of abuse. They claimed any fans wearing Mercedes caps and t-shirts, or anyone with British flags, were “dragged through the mud” when they walked past certain spectators. There are some reports on Twitter of similar abuse at last year’s race suggesting the issue is wide-ranging. A statement from F1 said: “We have been made aware of reports that some fans have been subject to completely unacceptable comments by others at the event. We have raised this with the promoter and security and will be speaking to those who have reported these incidents and are taking this very seriously. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's panicked talk with Toto Wolff: 'This is crazy' [COMMENT]F1 pundit demands Dutch fans do not boo Lewis Hamilton at Austrian GP  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton furious with himself as he reacts to Austrian GP crash [ANALYSIS] “This kind of behaviour is unacceptable and will not be tolerated and all fans should be treated with respect.” Racing Pride, a group pushing for LGBT inclusion through motorsport, has also called on F1 to investigate the issues "immediately". They wrote: "Racing Pride is very concerned by the reports of harassment and discrimination, including of LGBTQ+ people, occurring at the Austrian Grand Prix this weekend. #F1 should be a safe place for everyone, and we call on the organisers to investigate this fully and immediately."