Everton boss Frank Lampard is gearing up to raid Chelsea for no less than four of their players in advance of the new Premier League campaign, according to reports. The Toffees manager has already been busy in the transfer market to improve his squad with the additions of James Tarkowski, Ruben Vinagre and Dwight McNeil but is thought to be chasing further signings over the next few weeks. Lampard is still regarded as one of Chelsea's biggest legends and could reportedly look to use his Blues connections to snap up a quartet of talented players before the summer window slams shut. He is a keen admirer of Ross Barkley, Michy Batshuayi, Billy Gilmour and Armando Broja and is already in advanced talks with Barkley over the possibility of a return to Goodison Park, according to 90min.It is said that Barkley is eager to move back to Everton after failing to make the grade at Chelsea since leaving Merseyside for west London back in 2018. The former England midfielder has registered just 58 appearances in the Premier League for his current employers, with just six of those being made over the course of last season.Everton are now looking to tie up the finer details of Barkley's proposed switch in order to bring him back to the club on a permanent basis over the coming days. The Toffees have also opened talks regarding a potential move for Michy Batshuayi, who joined Chelsea in 2016 but has been shipped out on a number of different loan spells in recent years. JUST IN: Newcastle readying 'improved offer' after Maddison bid rejected Batshuayi is reportedly being lined up for a permanent switch to Everton, with Chelsea hoping to offload the Belgian striker in order to free up space on their wage bill this summer. He is not the only Blues forward that Everton are targeting, though, with Broja also high up on Lampard's list of preferred signings in attack.A handful of Premier League clubs have been credited with an interest in Broja as of late but Everton are said to be keen on jumping the queue to secure his services in the not-too-distant future. However, a transfer fee in the region of £50million will be required to get a deal done, with Chelsea unwilling to budge on their current asking price as things stand. Billy Gilmour, meanwhile, is said to be another target on Lampard's radar in spite of his underwhelming loan spell at Norwich City last season. The Everton boss knows Gilmour well from his time in charge at Chelsea and recently insisted that he would be looking to add the right characters to his squad over the course of this summer."We want to bring in players of a good profile and you look at age there too because you can’t be too young or too old," Lampard told The Athletic when quizzed on his transfer plans earlier this month."You want good people, selfish characters can be the downfall of any team. James Tarkowski is a well-spoken leader and straight away gives off a professional tone. Character in the dressing room is huge and the main attribute for me." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here