Camilla, who turned 75 today, has her own personal property in Wiltshire, but she also shares two other properties with Prince Charles. These are Clarence House in London and also Highgrove House in Gloucestershire. Interior expert Deepa Mehta-Sagar, the founder of Area Decor LLC in Dubai, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to talk about the interiors of each property.  She said: “Ray Mill House in Wiltshire is a sprawling, historic stone manor that Camilla purchased in the mid-1990s after her first marriage ended. “The Duchess of Cornwall continues to retain her private residence. Media reports often describe the Duchess as ‘a country girl’ and in this, the manor is a true reflection of her personality. “Ray Mill House comes with acres of gardens, stables, an outdoor swimming pool, and an elegant terrace. “Enormous windows overlook lush gardens. All of this showcases the Duchess’ love of nature and the outdoors. “The interiors are interspersed with wooden detailing and dark-wood furnishings which spell luxury while still being enveloped in a sense of warmth. It captures the Duchess’ genuine, down-to-earth demeanour.” Is Ray Mill House Camilla’s favourite property? The expert opined: “Of the many homes the Duchess lives in, this is probably where she is most herself. “After all, this is her privately-owned residence and a home where she spent many years before moving in with Prince Charles in 2003.”  Once Camilla becomes Queen, will she keep her personal home, despite moving into Buckingham Palace? Deepa suggested: “Camilla will retain her Wiltshire home since it is an extension of her identity. “The vast open spaces also make this the perfect hideaway and reportedly, this is where the Duchess spends time with her children and grandchildren, away from the public gaze. “The Duchess has always loved outdoor pursuits and is passionate about gardening. In this, the lush, enormous gardens at Wiltshire, far removed from the hustle-and-bustle of city life, are an ode to her.” Do Clarence House and Highgrove House’s interiors show more of Prince Charles's tastes? Deepa added: “Clarence house has been home to royalty for centuries, having first been built for the Duke of Clarence in the 1800s. “Later it became the home of Her Majesty The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh. The Queen Mother also lived here for about 50 years. “This is a home where Prince Charles spent a considerable amount of time, right from his childhood, and naturally it holds many memories, and pieces of his personal history.  “As expected of a royal residence, the interiors are largely vintage, and a host of collectable antique pieces dot the home to create a timeless décor.” How does the couple’s Gloucestershire property compare? Deepa continued: “Highgrove House is referred to as Charles and Camilla's family home. The structure itself is a Georgian neo-classical house that dates back to the 1780s. “Highgrove is revered for its gardens which are credited to Prince Charles, a passion he shares with his wife. Since the early 1980s, he has regularly invited various groups to tour these gardens. “Today the gardens reflect his commitment to the organic movement and sustainability. Solar panels have been installed on the property, rainwater is harvested, and standard heating systems have been replaced with wood pellets, and biomass boilers. “Two fountains in the garden provide running, open water for birds right through the year. Every choice made within the house and the gardens showcase the Prince’s reverence for the environment.” 