Prince William returned to the polo pitch as he took part in the Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022 in Windsor. The Duke of Cambridge was accompanied by his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge at the Guards Polo Club on Wednesday. William and his team came out of the game victorious and raised £1million for the royal couple’s charities. The Duke, 40, has previously played in charity polo matches with his brother Prince Harry, 37, who now lives in Santa Barbara with wife Meghan Markle, son Archie Harrison, and daughter Lilibet Diana. The brothers both played during the King Power Royal Charity Polo Day in 2019. It was at this time reports of a rift between the princes and their wives were circulating, and one body language expert claimed that tension between the brothers was evident during the day of polo. Harry reached out to his brother to pat him on the back after William’s team won the game. READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' LONG before meeting Harry in unearthed blog But the gesture was not reciprocated. William kept his arms firmly behind his back during the photoshoot following the game. Judi James told Express.co.uk at the time: “William's fig-leaf hand gesture and rather wary-looking smile looks a world away from the more relaxed warmth from Charles and Doria at the other end of the group.” She added the princes no longer display the brotherly love they used to. She said: “The jury's still out then in terms of any rift, although neither Harry nor William appear to be in much of a hurry to show us all those non-verbal sibling bond and tie gestures that they grew up using.” Harry and Meghan had recently split from William and Kate in the joint charity, the Royal Foundation. They had also split their households, with the Cambridges staying in Kensington Palace while the Sussexes moved their teams to Buckingham Palace and relocated to Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. Royal biographer Duncan Larcombe, believes the outing was an “orchestrated front,” in an attempt to quash rumours of a rift. During an interview with Nine News Australia, when host Belinda Russell shared that, based on appearances, one had to ask, “What feud?,” Larcombe reacted: “Isn’t that what we’re supposed to think after today?" He continued: “It was carefully orchestrated — there are always photographers at these polo matches.” He continued: “They all looked very happy today, so it’s against the backdrop of the rift, of course… I think that they might not be the best of buddies. “But you’ve got to take a lot with a pinch of salt… I think they’ll be rather pleased with those pictures.” Just six months later, Meghan and Harry announced they would be stepping down from their roles in the Royal Family and relocating to North America. Until the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee last month, the Sussexes had not returned to the UK with their two children. Their visit was highly-anticipated amongst royal watchers as simmering tensions between the two couples remained. And following their brief Jubilee appearance, it seemed that the so-called rift had not been resolved. Meghan and Harry were demoted to “second-row royals” and were seated on the opposite side of St Paul’s Cathedral to the Cambridges. The couples were said to have not spent any private time together during the Jubilee weekend, with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex leaving before the celebrations came to a close. Relations between the brothers reportedly remain “raw”, with Russell Myers, the Mirror’s royal editor, claiming William and Harry had not spoken since the celebratory weekend during an episode of Pod Save The Queen last month.