Jenson Button and Martin Brundle were in disagreement on the most talented British racing trio of all time, as Lewis Hamilton, George Russell and Lando Norris will all look to impress on their home circuit at Silverstone this weekend. Mercedes’ upgrades have put Hamilton and Russell into positions where they will be looking to compete with Ferrari and Red Bull for podium places. Speaking on Sky Sports F1’s coverage of the first practice session of the British Grand Prix, it was revealed that Button believes that Hamilton, Russell and Norris make up the most talented British racing trio of all time in his eyes. Brundle responded: “I was sort of thinking Jimmy Clark, Graham Hill, and Jackie Stewart would have a fair chance in that fight but it was an interesting comment.” Button then explained his view further. “I wasn’t around then,” he said. “So I don’t really know how they were with their personalities or how they went about their racing, but for me since I have been watching F1 and been involved with it, yeah these three are all very special talents. One is obviously further into his career and achieved more than anyone, whereas the other two are still pretty new in the sport but achieving so much for their ages.” DON'T MISS: Max Verstappen makes bold 'not a racist' defence of Nelson Piquet in Lewis Hamilton row Brundle could not argue against the talent of the current racers. “They are top of their game as well,” he admitted. “George and Lando are just within touching distance of winning a Grand Prix, won’t quite work out for them, could be like Carlos Sainz as well but Lewis at one point couldn’t help himself but win a Grand Prix. He has won seven of the last nine races here, and in the two failures he was second.” If Hamilton is to further enhance the British trio’s reputation and win his eighth Silverstone in ten years, he will have to do so without his nose stud after losing a long-standing battle with the FIA. The sport’s governing body has held a stronger stance on drivers wearing jewellery this season under president Mohammed ben Sulayem. Nelson Piquet not welcome at F1 races as Damon Hill hits out  [INSIGHT]Piquet told damage is done despite apology for Hamilton scandal [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton responds to 'irrelevant' Ecclestone and Piquet [COMMENT] The 37-year-old will hope to put racing at the forefront of his mind after a week that has seen Nelson Piquet condemned throughout the Formula One paddock after footage emerged of the former world champion calling Hamilton a racist slur. Mercedes chief Toto Wolff believes that the three-time world champion’s comments could “fuel” Hamilton this weekend. “The more adversity Lewis faced in the past, the better his performances,” he told the Sun. “It’s something that fuels him and if we give him a car which is just a few tenths off the leaders, he will win the race. “Him and Silverstone will compensate for a car which is slightly off the pace. But he knows he cannot have miracles.”