Inter Milan defender Alessandro Bastoni has insisted that he does not want to leave the club in order to join Tottenham this summer before urging the Italian giants to keep hold of fellow target Milan Skriniar, who has also been tentatively linked with a move to Chelsea. Bastoni has been mentioned in connection with Tottenham for a number of months after turning plenty of heads with his impressive form for Inter over the course of last season. Antonio Conte is believed to be keen on landing a new central defender before the new Premier League season gets underway and has reportedly earmarked Bastoni and Skriniar as two of his summer targets in the position. The former is adamant that he will not be going anywhere in the near future, though, which suggests that Tottenham will be forced to look elsewhere in their efforts to improve their ranks at the back."I have never had the slightest doubt of leaving Inter," Bastoni told Gazzetta dello Sport when quizzed on whether he would be leaving Inter this summer."Here I have everything I need to feel good and express myself at my best. I am great with my teammates, with the club, I love Milan and so why go elsewhere? JUST IN: Everton 'to ditch Alli' despite recent brace as Lampard loses patience "I'm happy to be there, I still see myself for many years with this shirt and, in the meantime, I hope to still win a lot."Bastoni went on to express his desire to see Skriniar remain on Inter's books for at least another year as they prepare to go in search of another Serie A title over the course of the upcoming campaign. The Slovakian defender has been linked with both Tottenham and Chelsea in recent months and will be out of contract next summer as things stand but is a key man for Inter and registered 48 appearances for the club in all competitions last season. "He embodies the Inter spirit," added Bastoni. "Milan has integrated perfectly over the years and we have integrated with him in the department that we have built together."Plus, he's my best friend in the group. It would be a real shame if he left us right now, I hope he stays. I think we will still do many great things together."It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will be successful in their efforts to land either player this summer, although Bastoni's comments suggest that Conte will face an uphill battle to strike deals for the pair over the coming weeks. The Italian coach has already welcomed six new faces since the end of last season but is still believed to be keen on negotiating further additions before Premier League football returns at the start of next month. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here