WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD FOR MS MARVEL EPISODE 6. The MCU Disney+ TV show concluded with Bruno sharing a shocking find with Kamala Khan about herself. Bruno discovered that Ms Marvel has a mutation in her genes, which fans will know implies the X-Men entering the MCU.  This was immediately supported by the sound of the X-Men ’97 animated series theme playing after the revelation. Such news will have a profound effect on the franchise’s future, with Kamala moving away from her Inhumans origin in Marvel Comics towards her being a mutant. Disney have owned the rights to the X-Men following the studio’s merger with Fox, hence Evan Peters' Quicksilver featuring in WandaVision and Sir Patrick Stewart’s Professor X making a cameo in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Charles Xavier’s appearance in Doctor Strange 2 saw him arriving not only in the X-Men ’97 yellow wheelchair but also to the animated show’s iconic theme tune. Clearly, the MCU has big plans ahead for the mutants’ arrival in the Earth-616 reality of the movies and TV shows. In fact, the X-Men animated show is getting an extension on Disney+ in the near future, although a release date is yet to be announced. Following Ms Marvel’s ending, the end credits scene saw Kamala lying on her bed in her costume before the bangle started glowing and vibrating and threw her into the closet. READ MORE: Captain America: Chris Evans will return to MCU on one condition WATCH Suddenly, Brie Larson’s Captain Marvel emerged looking confused, having swapped places with Kamala. Looking around, the bedroom the Avengers Endgame star soon realises that it’s the home to a massive fan of hers. Words then appeared on a black screen promising that Ms Marvel will return in The Marvels movie. The upcoming 33rd MCU blockbuster is set for release in cinemas in July 2023 and serves as Captain Marvel 2. The Marvels stars Larson’s Captain Marvel teaming up with Kamala Khan’s Ms Marvel and also Teyonah Parris’s Monica Rambeau from WandaVision, who now has powers too. The latter is the daughter of Lashana Lynch’s Maria Rambeau, who died of cancer in 2020. DON'T MISSCaptain America 4 ‘sees Moon Knight team up against Secret Empire’ [CAPTAIN AMERICA 4]Eternals end credits: Harry Styles Starfox ‘set for major MCU role’ [ETERNALS]Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness cameos and deaths [DOCTOR STRANGE 2] Lynch reprised the role as a variant Captain Marvel in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ Illuminati scene on Earth-838, with Stewart’s Professor X – before both were slaughtered by Scarlet Witch. Not much is known about The Marvels, but Samuel L Jackson will also be reprising his role as Nick Fury, who has been working with the Skrulls in deep space. The Marvels hits cinemas on July 28, 2023.