Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress said: “Obviously sun is good for our plants, but it’s important to take care of them in really high levels of heat. Intense sun can weaken plants, they may begin to wilt and their leaves can become damaged and of course it can be really frustrating for gardeners if this happens. There are a few small things you can do like moving the plants into shade and watering them at the right time to help protect them in a heatwave.” To begin with, Chris recommended watering the plants before or after the sun has hit its peak. The expert said this was “best” for the plant. Chris explained: “Watering plants at the hottest point of the day won’t really benefit them. “It needs to be done when it’s slightly cooler to give the plants the chance to really soak up the water. READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down “A lot of people also think they need to give plants a lot more water in the heat, this isn’t necessarily true. “If anything, you could be damaging your plants further by overwatering them.” Watering once a day when the temperatures are slightly lower is good enough. One “common mistake” people make is thinking plants need fertilising in hot conditions as it is thought to make them stronger. DON'T MISS:Rory McIlroy shares glimpse into ‘stunning’ £8.6m mansion [INSIGHT]Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat [PICTURES] However, Chris said gardeners should “avoid” using it in hot weather. He explained: “When it is applied, it triggers the plant to grow, meaning more nutrients and water is needed. “This will be hard to keep up with in hot conditions, the soil will be drying out quicker and your plant won’t really be able to absorb water properly. “Just like us, plants could do with a bit of shade when it gets too hot. If your plants are in pots, you can simply move them to a cooler area of the garden. READ MORE: Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle “If your plants are in a flower bed, there are ways you can create a bit of shade. “You can use anything from a white bed sheet to maybe an old net curtain.” Simply pin or hang it above the area of your plants to protect them from the strong sun. Soil dries out very quickly when it is hot, which is why it is advised to water plants before the hottest time of the day. To help lock in moisture, the expert recommended using mulch. Mulch is a layer that can be put on top of the soil. Chris added: “It acts as a bit of a barrier between the sun and the soil to prevent it from drying out. “Pots can make a difference to how much sun can access plants. “Black pots will attract the heat, which can damage your plants. “Similarly, pots like terracotta that are left unsealed can lose moisture quickly which means that your plant is at risk of being dehydrated. “Aim to get pots that are sealed and light in colour in order to reflect the sun and give your plant the best environment in a heatwave.”