 Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie are currently 10th and 12th in line for the throne, respectively, meaning they don’t earn income from their roles in the royal family. However, that does not mean the sisters received no financial benefit for being minor royals and both have gone on to carve out successful careers of their own.   The film profile of the two royals, Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses?, airs tonight on Channel 5. The princesses are worth a combined $2million (£1.64million) according to Celebrity Net Worth although this is simply an estimate. E! News reported that Princess Eugenie’s marriage to businessman Jack Brooksbank increased their net worth as a couple up to $4.7million (£3.86million). While Princess Beatrice’s marriage to property magnate Edoardo Mozzi in 2020 has also reportedly increased their net worth as a couple it is unclear just how much bigger their fortune got. Before their marriage Mozzi was considered a multimillionaire from his own property business with a prominent reputation in London. READ MORE: Meghan 'used wedding to build career' as father 'knew guests better than her', says Bower  A palace spokesperson told Express.co.uk in 2019 that Beatrice’s and Mozzi’s wedding day would not be at the expense of the royal family or British taxpayers as it would be paid for privately. The sisters are not considered working royals and thus don’t get income from their roles in the royal family and aren’t entitled to money from the Sovereign Grant either. Ultimately this left them free to pursue their own ‘normal’ career as they chose. Princess Beatrice has become a prosperous businesswoman after graduating from the University of London with a degree in history. Her career had a surprisingly normal start for a royal, getting work experience as a sales assistant at Selfridges in 2008 before working at the Foreign Office’s press office.     Currently she is working for a US-based technology company as their Vice President of Partnerships and Strategy, reportedly going as Beatrice York in her professional life. The company was valued at $1.6billion (£1.3billion) in 2017 and has since continued to grow, announcing further partnerships with other brands. Princess Eugenie also works full-time, although in a vastly different sector. The Princess graduated from Newcastle University with a degree in English literature and history of art in 2012 and by the end of the next year was working for auction firm Paddle8 in New York City.  Eugenie quickly climbed the ranks in the art auction industry, returning to London in 2015 to work as an associate director for Hauser & Wirth art gallery and was promoted to director in 2017. In an interview with Harper’s Bazaar, the Princess highlighted that she “loved art” from a young age but found she wasn’t quite gifted with making it and so instead pursued an alternative career in the industry. Alongside their own hard-earned fortunes and successful careers, the royal sisters did receive some financial support from the royal family, namely through an inheritance and divorce settlement. The Guardian reported that the Queen Mother put a large portion of her income into a trust fund for her great-grandchildren years before her death. Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie reportedly benefited from this alongside Zara Tindall, Peter Phillips, Prince Harry, Prince William and Princess Margaret’s children.  Each beneficiary is believed to have received “several millions” according to the report. Additionally for Beatrice and Eugenie, the Princesses suffered through the divorce of their parents Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson. The pair finalised their divorce in 1996 and it reportedly involved a settlement that came straight from the Queen. The Telegraph reported that Queen Elizabeth paid £3million, with £1.4million being put aside in a trust fund for the two girls. Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses? airs tonight at 10:55pm on Channel 5.