Kate Middleton and her three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, are a “down-to-earth” family according to a royal source. Despite the three children dressed incredibly formally during the Platinum Jubilee events, the family are able to blend in with the general public from time to time. The Duchess of Cambridge often takes her children to fun places, sometimes even getting her little ones ice cream nearby Kensington Palace.  One place where Kate is reportedly a regular visitor is her local trampolining park in southwest London. A royal source said: "Kate takes her kids to the trampoline park quite regularly and really blends in as any other mum. "She went a couple of Saturdays ago with George and Louis and took her shoes off like everyone else, and was walking around the edge of the trampolines following her sons. “It was a very down-to-earth mum moment, very sweet,” the source told Hello Magazine. There are many activities on offer for George, Charlotte and Louis in the capital. Kate has been spotted taking her children for days out at the Natural History Museum, admitting in 2017 that they love their visits there. "Like many of you here tonight, I remember visiting the Natural History Museum as a child, and being inspired with a love of nature," she said during an official engagement. "And now, as a parent myself, I am experiencing the joy all over again with my own children, who adore coming here – and it is not just to see the T-Rex, mind you."  The royals have also been spotted cycling and walking in Hyde Park, which is on the doorstep of their London home, Kensington Palace. From a young age, the Cambridge children have been having tennis lessons at the exclusive Hurlingham Club, which charges around £1,400 per year for membership. Angela Karanja, the founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about Kate’s normal background, and how this makes her a “lucky” parent. She said: “I believe having grown in a common family with parents who were hands-on is an element that is very palpable in Kate’s own parenting life. “She has a first-hand positive experience and therefore long-term benefits of parents who were highly dedicated to them. “Kate talks about having a happy childhood and great fun because her parents were present, and she recognises how lucky she is. “She in turn is transferring to her own family,” the expert noted. Angela notes that Kate recognises what parenting “is really about”.  She continued: “It doesn’t take royalty or great wealth to be dedicated to your children and to be present for them. “We see Kate her giving her children an opportunity to give back to her - as in cooking for her. “She's training them to not just be takers but givers because that's what humanity is about and this can keep children grounded and not develop that tendency to be entitled. “Parenting is really about recognising our role as leaders and making the decision to parent by design, not by default.” 