The Hairy Bikers, Dave Myers and Si King, gave a new interview this week in which they discussed how Dave’s cancer battle is having an impact on them. In the candid chat, the cooking duo heartbreakingly admitted that Dave’s chemotherapy treatment is having an effect on “both of them”. Appearing on the latest episode of White Wine Question Time, Dave told Kate Thornton: “At the minute, I am going through treatment for cancer and it’s, it’s like another chapter isn’t it Kingy?  “It affects both of us.”Si jumped in: “It is a very odd chapter and one I wish I...” Before Dave said: “We will get through it.”Speaking frankly, Si replied: “Yeah, we will, we will get through it. But you’re at the pointy end at the minute which is always difficult.” READ MORE:Dolly Parton's 'emotional affair' left her considering suicide Kate pointed out that it “speaks volumes” about their friendship that Dave is thinking about Si’s wellbeing even though he is in the “trenches of chemo”.Dave agreed that the duo is “always looking out for each other” and continued: “We are in business together and we have to keep the business going.”And Si added: “The reality is that we are family, we’ve known each other for such a long time.  “You know, we’re like two old slippers, you know, we are there to lean on each other...there’s a comfort in it.” Talking about his chemotherapy last week, Dave said the treatment is “working” but the side effects have been “cr**p”.Nevertheless, he seemed to be remaining positive and told Kate that he will “never whinge about anything” again and vows to “embrace life”.Dave confirmed that he had been diagnosed with cancer back in May, although he has not disclosed his specific illness.He said that he was initially reluctant to make his health issues public but said he had to “come clean” because he didn’t want to be “hiding under a rock”. DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband[LATEST]Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working'[NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary[INSIGHT] Dave said on an episode of their Agony Uncle podcast: “I've got to come clean now, I haven't been too well recently and basically, I've got to have some chemo, you know all this anyway, so this year is going to be a bit quiet for me.”Co-star Si has also said he won’t do any shows without Dave because there is “no Hairy Bikers without” him.While Dave undergoes treatment, Si said he will be touring with his band, The King Cush Band.He told Daily Mail: “I have a 12-piece funk band which takes up a lot of time. “We are on tour all year and will extend our stay in Spain.”Over the weekend, Si and his bandmates performed at the Kubix Festival in SunderlandThey will also be appearing at the Bolton Food and Drink Festival on August 27.