Fortnite developer Epic Games is getting ready to release a brand new update on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Nintendo Switch. Launching earlier than usual, the new Fortnite update has been given a July 18 release date on all platforms. Needless to say, as a numbered update, version 21.30 will be accompanied by a period of extended server downtime. The Fortnite servers will be taken offline in full at 9am BST UK time. Matchmaking will be disabled at 8.30am BST. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter: "It’s Prime time! Update v21.30 is set to release on July 18th! Downtime starts at 04:00 ET (09:00 UTC), with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes prior." Epic Games would post a follow-up tweet regarding the Stormbreaker pickaxe and Flight Glider, which will be compatible with all outfits. "Following the release of our v21.30 update, all Outfits will be able to equip the Stormbreaker pickaxe and Stormbreaker's Flight glider." According to Fortnite insider Shiina, update 21.30 the next update will introduce the Summer Event skins, items and challenges. Likewise, the new update is likely to make one or two changes to the map. That's on top of the usual weapon unvaulting, as well as weekly challenges, item shop skins, bug fixes and gameplay tweaks. You can see the early update 21.30 patch notes below... Fortnite update 21.30 patch notes... GENERAL FIXES • Friend Accepted notifications may repeatedly show on launch for some players - Some players may find that they receive multiple' Friend Accepted' notification pop-ups when launching Fortnite for the first time this season. • Frame Rate Limit Settings missing when using GeForce Now on PC - When playing Fortnite through GeForce Now on PC the Frame Rate Limit settings are not available. • Grimey Outfit may not always react to eliminations - Players using DX11 or DX12 may find that the Grimey Outfit is not reactive when eliminating players. • Vehicles may have trouble driving up or down steep terrain - Vehicles may get stuck or flip when attempting to drive up or down a steep incline. CREATIVE FIXES • Prop movers and manipulators can not be placed when they don't overlap with props - We're looking into an issue that is causing an issue with prop movers and manipulators to not place when not overlapping with props. • Memory costs increase - Larger memory costs since v21.20