Below Deck Down Under Chef Ryan McKeown, was pushed to his limits when a guest refused to eat his food. Already coming under scrutiny by fans for his ‘lazy’ cooking, the professional was snubbed once more by this bizarre request. Below Deck Down Under is in its first season and it hasn’t let the notoriously dramatic franchise down so far. Sailing around the stunning Whitsunday Islands in Australia, the show follows the lives of a yachting crew as they navigate the high seas to deliver even higher levels of service. Captained by Jason Chambers, fans of the show have already fallen in love with the handsome leader and credit his presence for their loyalty to the series. Chef Ryan McKeown, however hasn’t been so lucky. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star During the latest episode of the Bravo reality show, viewers saw the sensitive chef’s patience pushed over the edge as a picky charter guest demanded a different kind of three course meal. Swapping out his cooking for fast food, the bizarre request involved a stop off at everyone’s favourite golden arches. Asking if the crew could order in McDonald’s, Chef Ryan suffered the ultimate snub to his cooking as the guest preferred low-cost food chain to his gourmet meal. Already landing himself in the deep end for a lack of innovation and work ethic, fans relished the blow and took to social media to share their feelings. Twitter user FredUp wrote: “Ohhhhhhh, Snapple! A guest with a Ryan attitude. And - she asked for MCDONALD'S???? What - isn't Applebee's good enuf for ya, lady??? “Chef Ryan finna get SERVED!!!! And I'm here for it!!!!!!!” Enjoying watching the chef squirm, another fan called for more difficult guests to ruffle Ryan’s feathers. User @thesandrafiles tweeted: “Please let there be a charter w/vegans, carnivores, GF, dairy free, and one pescatarian on board to send Ryan scrambling. #BelowDeckDownUnder” DON'T MISS...Below Deck Down Under's Chef Ryan speaks out on 'villain' casting [INSIGHT]Below Deck Down Under's Jamie addresses Magda dating rumours [INSIGHT]Below Deck's Chef Ben takes savage dig at Hannah Ferrier [INSIGHT] The next to join a long line of controversial fiery Below Deck chefs, Ryan is having a hard time winning the public over in general. Viewers are less than impressed with his “lazy” attitude and slam his seemingly unwillingness to work as “irritating” and “mediocre”. Stephanie DeIeso expressed on Twitter: “Just the sound of this chefs voice is irritating me so much. Do you even want to make any tips? “Your mediocre menus are not it. Bring on the Karen’s. I want to see this condescending pr**k break. #BelowDeckDownUnder” Serving up 17 episodes of mayhem on board, the series was promised to “be unlike any franchise that has come before it” by Bravo bosses. Whilst most of the cast are completely new, there is one familiar face fans will remember from the Mediterranean version of the franchise. Aesha Scott featured in seasons 4 and 5 of the European adaptation and has been promoted to chief stew on the new yacht. Watch Below Deck Down Under in the UK on Sky TV or NOW TV where viewers can access Peacock content.