The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their decision to step down as senior working royals in 2020. Despite it being a historic moment for the monarchy, it is now suggested that 'Megxit', as it was termed by the British press, could be a "positive" thing for the Royal Family in the long-run. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, royal historian and author, Gareth Russell discussed the Sussexes' exit and the impact it could have on the future monarchy. Mr Russell, whose book Do Let's Have Another Drink: The Dry Wit and Fizzy Life of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother will be released later this year, said: "I would say long-term it'll be a positive for the monarchy. "What it will be for the individual royals, that could be a different thing to see where it goes." He added: "I'm, sort of, mildly sentimental, I prefer to see families getting on. "So fingers crossed, that this resolves itself, in a good way." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'chagrined, annoyed and angry' after royals close ranks The couple announced their decision, via their Instagram account, in January 2020. They completed their final royal engagement in the March, just before the Covid pandemic hit. In their official statement, they wrote: "After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution. "We intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family". READ MORE: Tom Bower ridicules Meghan Markle as royal thought 'she could cut me off and she failed' They declared that they intended to "work to become financially independent'. They stated that, despite this, they would continue "to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". The 'Megxit' announcement came just four months shy of their second wedding anniversary. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] Despite ongoing tensions with the Royal Family, the Queen invited the couple, and their two young children, to join the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The couple accepted the offer and fly into the UK, from the US, on June 1. They stayed for the majority of the weekend but decided to fly home to California on June 5, hours before the celebrations officially concluded. READ NEXT: