Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen, 47, announced she was divorcing her husband Clive, 67, back in June, shocking fans of the farming couple. While they didn’t go into the reason for their split, Amanda has previously spoken of how difficult it was to deal with their sudden fame. The pair became household names when they started starring on the hit Channel 5 show in 2018, along with their brood of nine children. Married for 21 years, they share Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six, and Nancy, five. As the show was so popular, fans visited Ravenseat Farm to get a glimpse of their idols - something Amanda and Clive found tough to deal with. “Before, I only had my sheep to answer to. Of course it’s invasive,” she said. READ MORE: 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco “People know where we live and they can arrive there — but that’s the unique selling point, that the farm is real. “It’s a vicious cycle because if you’re writing about what’s going on, you can’t stop what’s going on. That’s the material.” When the news of their split broke, Amanda and Clive assured fans they would still work together on their shared land. "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate," she penned on Instagram. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. “We would also like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” Amanda and Clive had met when she decided to swap her modelling career for some hands-on experience at local farms in the Yorkshire Dales. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split [LATEST] Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [PICTURES] Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] While training to be a shepherdess, she knocked on Clive’s door one night as she was looking for a tup, which is a male sheep. Faced with the stunning Amanda at his door so late in the night, Clive was taken aback. “I do remember this six-foot something woman knocked on the door. I was very taken with her. You couldn't not be," he said. Despite their 21-year age gap, love blossomed between the pair. "It was a slow burn thing we kind of got to know each other. Made friends first then went out a little bit together," said Amanda. "With us both coming from non-farming backgrounds we were kind of peas in a pod really but we didn't know that at the time." Amanda recently made headlines when she revealed she received a “yellow flag” from social services about how she was raising her children. She did not specify why, but insisted she wanted them to spend time outdoors without being overly anxious about health and safety all the time.