Russia’s President Vladimir Putin has warned in a chilling address to the rest of the world that the war in Ukraine has not "started in earnest." Speaking at a Kremlin parliament meeting, Putin said it was clear that "the West wants to fight us until the last Ukrainian." According to the Associated Press, he added: "It's a tragedy for the Ukrainian people, but it looks like it’s heading in that direction." In another spine-chilling address, state-owned TV channel Russia1’s TV host Vladimir Solovyov suggested Russian troops are gearing up for combat in the West. Solovyov said: "(Putin’s) phrase that we haven’t even started yet, I think, was by no means directly solely to Ukraine." Russia1’s Kremlin correspondent Pavel Zarubin confirmed, saying: "Certainly." TV host Solovyov continued: "We’ll be watching everything very closely. When the president spoke of the need for the broadest support, it seems to me that it already exists in our society."  Solovyov said: "I see not only people with letters Z and V but also many people providing maximum material support to the best of their abilities: active participation, billboards with our heroes. "Perhaps we can step it up even more. Anyway, the guys who are on the frontlines right now should feel our love, our care, and endless respect for their heroic acts over there." In his horrifying address to Parliament, Vladimir Putin said that the continued refusal to hold peace talks would make it harder to strike a peace deal with Russia. "We are hearing that they want to defeat us on the battlefield," Putin said in reference to Ukraine before adding: "Let them try." READ MORE: US on alert: Iran President to meet Putin after deal to supply drones Putin made it clear in June that one of his military aims was to expand Russian territory through the invasion of Ukraine. Comparing himself to Peter the Great, he said they were both destined to grow Russia. So far, Putin-led Russian forces have taken over the Donetsk province in the much-coveted, eastern Donbas region. Now, his troops are concentrating their efforts in Donbas’ other province, Luhansk. Shortly before launching his “peacekeeping operation” in Ukraine, Putin recognised the independence of the two Russia-backed breakaway provinces – both of which have seen fighting rage on since 2014. DON'T MISS:'Mother of God' Putin rocked as 'massive' explosion destroys arms unit [REPORT]Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians [VIDEO]Mickey Rourke breaks down in tears over old man with kitten amidst war [REACTION] Vladimir Putin, in his territorial ambitions to restore the Soviet Empire, has already used that same playbook of winning over local populations to then recognise them as independent states. In August 2008, Putin sent troops to the Russian-backed separatist region of South Ossetia and Abkhazia in Georgia after Russia falsely accused Georgia of committing genocide. Parts of Georgian territory have since been under Russian occupation. READ NEXT:Erdogan ‘takes action’ as Putin and Zelensky on verge How Russia's forces stack up against the UK's Army, RAF and NavyRussia intentionally burning Ukraine's wheat fields to cripple worldPutin plot to SPY on slain Russian soldiers' familiesPutin's Ukraine war boost from IRAN