Boris Johnson "does not want to resign" and "wished that he could carry on" as Prime Minister, according to a Conservative peer. Lord Cruddas of Shoreditch, a former Conservative Party treasurer, said the comments were made to him by Mr Johnson over lunch at Chequers on Friday. The peer is running a campaign to give Conservative Party members a vote on whether to accept Mr Johnson's resignation as Tory leader. But Downing Street responded by insisting Mr Johnson will leave the post when a new Tory leader is chosen in September. A Number 10 spokeswoman said: "The Prime Minister has resigned as party leader and set out his intention to stand down as PM when the new leader is in place." The Daily Telegraph's Political editor Christopher Hope told GB News: "It’s a bit of theatre but the hope is from the campaigners that if enough people sign it, it could force the party to take some action. "Do a confirmatory vote in whether Boris Johnson should stand down as leader. READ MORE: Starmer's staff pull furious Scouser away as she slaps down leader  "I think that it’s unlikely but that was the idea behind it when they set it up. "It wasn’t to have a third name on the ballot, ie you choose between Liz Truss, Rishi Sunak and Boris Johnson. "It was simply a confirmation vote as to whether Boris Johnson should be allowed to carry on or not. "Of course, had this poll been granted and if members had voted to keep Johnson, it would’ve caused chaos in Westminster because MPs have decided that they can’t be there leader. "And quite where the party went from then who knows, so it’s probably for the best that it falls away as it might well do now." Lord Cruddas told the Daily Telegraph: "There was no ambiguity in Boris's views. He definitely does not want to resign. He wants to carry on and he believes that, with the membership behind him, he can." The peer added: "Boris thanked me for my 'Boris on the ballot' campaign. He said he was enjoying following it and he wished me well. He said he could understand the membership's anger at what had happened. He said that he wished that he could carry on as Prime Minister. He said he does not want to resign." The Telegraph said Mr Johnson, when asked by the peer if he would "wipe away" his resignation immediately with "a magic wand", reportedly replied: "I would wipe away everything that stops me being PM in a second." DON'T MISS BBC’s Chris Packham launches scathing rant – ‘We’re f***ed’ [VIDEO]'Liz Truss is no Boris. If she's the best we've got GOD HELP US ALL!' [INSIGHT]‘Hectoring, domineering’ Sunak knows he went too far, says Brexiteer [ANALYSIS] Lord Cruddas, who said 10,000 party members have backed the campaign, added: "He wants to carry on to finish the job. He wants to fight the next general election as leader of the Conservative Party." Mr Johnson, in his final appearance at Prime Minister's Questions, declared "mission largely accomplished, for now" before signing-off by telling MPs: "Hasta la vista, baby." The Spanish term "hasta la vista" translates to "see you later", but "hasta la vista, baby" is the catchphrase of Arnold Schwarzenegger's cyborg character in the 1991 movie Terminator 2: Judgment Day. Mr Johnson's valedictory comments left the door open for a possible comeback, with the Terminator also known for the catchphrase: "I'll be back."