Fans of the Duchess of Sussex have taken to Twitter to defend Prince Harry's wife from some of the claims made by Mr Bower in his newly published book titled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. One of these supporters has shared articles and pictures with the aim of disproving some of the investigative journalist's claims. In one of their posts focused on the book's claims, Twitter user @lovelolaheart picked apart Mr Bower's claim Meghan and Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra were not close friends ahead of the Sussexes' wedding. They wrote: "As he did with Serena Williams, Bower also downplays Meghan's friendship with Priyanka Chopra, describing her as an 'acquaintance' invited to her wedding. "Their friendship has been well documented in the press & on social media. "Priyanka herself has called it a 'real friendship'." In his book, Mr Bower spoke about some of the A-listers attending Meghan and Harry's star-studded wedding at Windsor Castle in May 2018. He wrote: "Among the stardust to seal the glamour of Harry’s and Meghan’s wedding were David and Victoria Beckham, James Corden, Elton John, Serena Williams, and George and Amal Clooney. "No one believed that Meghan knew the Clooneys but the Palace insisted that Harry had once met the actor. "Priyanka Chopra, the Indian actress, was an acquaintance." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'know time in limelight is limited' To counter this claim, the Twitter user defending the Duchess shared two pictures dating back several months before the Sussexes' nuptials. The first one, shared by Meghan herself on her now-defunct Instagram account, showed the actresses during a night out in New York. The second was first published by Ms Chopra on her Instagram account in May 2016, and shows herself, Meghan and film producer Mubina Rattonsey posing for a selfie together. Ms Chopra's caption read: "Girls day out.. #whoruletheworld @meghanmarkle @mubinarattonsey thank u for the kinda day I needed." The Twitter user also shared an extract from an article detailing how the friendship between Ms Chopra and Meghan evolved during the years. The story mentioned Ms Chopra's interview with People dating back to September 2017, when speaking about the now Duchess she said: "We bonded as actors. We just became friends, like two girls would." Another social media user and fan of the Duchess, @vicky38127060, responded to the original Twitter thread to also defend Meghan and Ms Chopra's friendship, saying: "Meanwhile Priyanka was on the View and on Wendy gushing about her friend." Replying to her, @kaindeb said: "I remembered Priyanka putting her in check for calling Meghan Harry's girlfriend." The Twitter users referred to Ms Chopra's appearance on US TV host Wendy Williams's show in May 2017, when the Bollywood star was asked about her friendship with "Prince Harry's girlfriend". The actress chastened the broadcaster, adding: "Also, Meghan Markle, actress... Suits... her achievements, mmm-hmm, just saying..." Ms Chopra also mentioned Meghan in two Instagram posts concerning the Duchess' relationship with Prince Harry. Sharing a snap taken during the royals' engagement announcement in November 2017, the actress said: "Congratulations to my girl @meghanmarkle and Prince Harry!! I’m so happy for you Meg! "You deserve the best always..keep smiling that infectious smile. Xoxo" Ms Chopra also gushed about Meghan in a post shared on Instagram following the Sussexes' wedding, writing: "Every once in a while there is a moment when time stands still...that happened today. You my friend were the epitome of grace, love, and beauty. "Every choice made at this wedding by you both will go down in history, not just because it was your wedding, but because this incredible wedding stood for change and hope... both things that the world needs desperately. "Thank you for being the perfect picture of all things good. Seeing your union and love blessed in front of my eyes made me so happy...and tear up! I wish you both love happiness and togetherness always."