Sir Alex Ferguson is present at Carrington this morning where Manchester United will hold showdown talks with Cristiano Ronaldo and his agent Jorge Mendes. The legendary Old Trafford boss is expected to have some involvement in United's plan to convince Ronaldo to stay with the club for the upcoming season, as Mendes continues to push his client towards the exit door.  The super-agent is continuing to work on finding Ronaldo a new club and has offered the 37-year-old to a number of European giants. Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Barcelona were all presented with the chance to land the seasoned veteran but all three clubs turned down the opening. Atletico Madrid are now reportedly Ronaldo's preferred destination of choice, although they must raise significant funds in order to make a play for the forward. According to the Manchester Evening News, Ferguson was spotted arriving at United's training complex on Tuesday morning. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transfer We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk. Although the reasons for his attendance are unspecified, he is expected to hold dialogue with Ronaldo in a bid to help United resolve his future. Erik ten Hag is due to meet with his new striker for face-to-face talks to determine whether he is committed to United ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. The Dutchman is willing to persist with Ronaldo for the final year of his contract (although it does contain the option for an additional 12 months) but with the season less than two weeks out, United need commitment from their player. Ronaldo in now back in the North East after returning from Lisbon having missed United's pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia due to 'family reasons'. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferRed Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin SeskoManchester United set to play unexpected role in Jules Kounde transfer saga When speaking on Ronaldo's future last week, Ten Hag conceded that he has to focus his energy on the players that are committed to the club. "It is the same as last week," said Ten Hag when quizzed on his future. "Of course. But concerning is maybe not the right word. I focus on the players who are there, they are doing really well, they are in good shape. "I prefer to focus on that and develop that. I cannot wait for him to come in, then we will integrate him." Anthony Martial looks set to lead the line for United in their Premier League opener at home to Brighton following fine pre-season form. The Frenchman struck three times in as many matches against Liverpool, Crystal Palace and Melbourne Victory after returning from an underwhelming loan with Sevilla in fine shape. Ronaldo has plenty of work to do if he is to force his way back into the United team before the Premier League campaign begins. Tuesday could prove to be a decisive day for his future as United look to gain some clarity on his immediate plans.