The ongoing heatwave has left many of us searching for quick ways to cool down our homes, with everything from freezing towels to electric fans recommended to help beat the heat. While keeping windows and doors open is the first thought to create a refreshing breeze indoors, loft hatches are often forgotten about when it gets too hot inside. This hidden opening can be found in most two-floor properties, but is it really effective in keeping the humidity at bay? Loft spaces are notoriously hot in the summer, and can quickly feel unbearable to be in during a scorching heatwave. While you may not have living space in your loft, it can still feel incredibly humid after even just a short trip into the upper space of your home. Opening the loft hatch is one way to allow fresh air to flow into the space, and the same is true for reducing the temperature elsewhere in your home. READ MORE: Dying man's disgust at new council house's 'unusable' garden Often, the warmest area of your home is your second floor, where rising heat sticks around when it has nowhere else to go. This can drive up the temperature of bedrooms to an unpleasant degree, feeling almost impossible to cool down. By opening your loft hatch, the warm air will continue up to the highest point in the house. For this reason, it is recommended to crack open the loft hatch as soon as your property feels too warm in the heat of summer. If you have a loft conversion, opening the windows is an even more effective way to ensure that the hot air trapped in your home will have somewhere to escape when it rises. Keeping loft windows open all day is easier to do even when you’re not in as these areas are generally inaccessible for chance criminals who may take advantage of an empty home. Converted loft spaces will bear the brunt of the heat during the summer, but there are a few ways to reduce the temperature beyond keeping windows open. DON'T MISS:How to keep cool in a heatwave - 5 tips for elderly [ANALYSIS]Avoid eating a popular vegetable as UK temperatures break records [LATEST]How to bath and shower with sunburn - 4 'crucial' tips [INSIGHT] According to AKB Loft Conversion Specialists Ltd, insulation plays a huge role in keeping rooms cool. They said: “It may sound counter-productive but an adequately insulated loft conversion will help to keep the room cool during the summer as well as warm in winter.” The average loft insulation cost is between £5 and £11 per square metre, which means it should cost no more than about £1250 to insulate a four-bedroom detached home. Shielding your loft conversion from direct sunlight can also help to keep your room nice and cool. AKB loft conversions explained that with the right made-to-measure blinds, you can block the sun’s rays and prevent the room from getting uncomfortably hot. Blackout blinds, tension blinds, Perfect Fit blinds, and motorised blinds are all great options to help combat the rising temperature in your loft conversion. During the hottest parts of the day, you may struggle to feel a difference in the temperature within your home, even with the hatch open. To combat this, it is best to keep windows and curtains closed to prevent sunlight from heating up your property. According to NHS advice, homeowners should: “Shut windows and pull down the shades when it is hotter outside. “You can open the windows for ventilation when it is cooler.” To keep rooms even cooler in the peak of the afternoon heat, you can try using shades or reflective material outside the windows. The NHS added: “If this isn’t possible, use light-coloured curtains and keep them closed (metallic blinds and dark curtains can make the room hotter).”