Tottenham are leading the race to land Sevilla defender Jules Kounde after Chelsea dropped their interest in a move for the Frenchman, according to reports. Kounde is also being tracked by the likes of Newcastle United, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona but had been heavily linked with Chelsea after the Blues failed to snap him up despite months of negotiations last summer. Chelsea were widely expected to try again for Kounde in advance of next season but have since agreed to sign Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli, with the latter's arrival set to be confirmed over the coming days. It seems as though Tottenham have since emerged as the favourites to land Kounde in order to strengthen Antonio Conte's defensive ranks next season, according to The Mirror.The Italian coach is believed to be keen on signing at least one new centre-back in the near future and has reportedly identified Kounde as the man for the job. Sevilla will ultimately be forced to let go of their player if a bid matches his release clause, which is believed to be in the region of £76million.Tottenham are likely to face stiff competition in the race for Kounde, though, with PSG also reportedly looking to splash their cash on his signature. However, it remains to be seen whether the pull of working under Conte's guidance and the promise of Premier League football will be enough for Spurs to pip their French counterparts in the battle to wrestle Kounde away from Sevilla this summer. JUST IN: Conte has explained his plan for Richarlison after Tottenham debut Kounde, who is also said to be a target for Newcastle and Barcelona, registered a total of 44 appearances for Sevilla over the course of last season. He has gained plenty of admirers due to his impressive versatility, quick turn of pace and cultured range of passing in recent years and is widely regarded as one of Europe's most talented young defenders.However, it has already been suggested that Kounde could struggle to adapt to the trials and tribulations of the English game by ex-Liverpool winger Steve McManaman. "Kounde is a French international and he’s young, he will attract attention," said McManaman when quizzed on the Sevilla defender's qualities last year."The way defenders in Spain play always means they do. But even though he’s only 23 years old, he has been around and has been highly thought of for the past couple of years. However, nobody’s plumped for him yet, and there’s a reason."It’s either because he’s too expensive or he’s just not top level yet. I still think he has to improve if he’s going to be in the top echelons of the Premier League, where you will find the very best teams." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here