Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is ensuring his players align with his standards by handing out tough punishments on the Red Devils’ pre-season tour of Asia. Stars were seen being forced to perform press-ups each time they conceded a goal as United prepared for a crunch friendly clash with Liverpool. Ten Hag’s side have flown to Bangkok to face Liverpool before they test themselves against Melbourne Victory, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa in Australia. The Dutchman has been putting his players through rigorous training drills to prepare them for his playing style. The new United boss, who has already endured a frustrating summer transfer window, is renowned for his demanding style. That has already been evidenced with the punishments handed out to stars for even the slightest mishap. Players could be seen being forced to perform press-ups if they conceded a goal as they trained inside Bangkok’s Rajamangala National Stadium. In a clip posted to social media, three defenders can be seen doing press-ups following a goal. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag told he's made first 'mistake' as Man Utd boss The footage was shot by The Athletic, who confirmed that the punishment was dished out whenever the opposing team scored in one of the small training goals being used in the session. Ten Hag can be seen watching on. The 52-year-old’s first match in charge at United comes against Liverpool on Tuesday. It has already been a frustrating summer for the former Ajax boss, with several transfers yet to be formalised. Left-back Tyrell Malacia is the only summer signing who has travelled with the squad to Bangkok. United beat competition from Lyon to sign the talented 22-year-old from Feyenoord. DON'T MISS...What Frenkie de Jong has said about Man Utd transfer as saga goes onMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag's response when asked about De Jong transferMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag says club are 'planning' for Ronaldo to stay A free transfer move for Christian Eriksen is yet to be formalised as the Danish playmaker continues to undergo stringent medical checks, while talks with Barcelona over Frenkie de Jong appear to have stalled. Ajax pair Antony and Lisandro Martinez have been targeted, with a bid submitted for the latter. Ten Hag confirmed on Monday that he expects Cristiano Ronaldo to remain at the club but revealed that he had not spoken to the forward since his desire to leave became clear. Ronaldo has apparently told the Old Trafford hierarchy that he wishes to leave if an acceptable bid is made. Premier League rivals Chelsea have been linked with a move for the iconic Portuguese star but it is unclear whether head coach Thomas Tuchel backs the potential signing, with chairman Todd Boehly apparently keen on a deal. Ten Hag has also revealed that maligned defender Harry Maguire will stay on as club captain despite uncertainty over where the England man fits into the Dutchman’s plans. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt