Sun cream can transfer onto clothing without us even realising it, making stains even harder to remove once they’ve settled into the fabric. While keeping sun cream away from your clothes is the best way to prevent stains, it’s almost impossible to do while enjoying time in the summer sun. Laundry detergent alone is often never enough to banish the stubborn yellow residue, but there are a few other remedies you can try to clean up your stained items. Here are the best sun cream stain-removing hacks to try at home. Protecting your skin from the sun’s harmful UV rays is essential to prevent damage, but it can be frustrating when the active ingredient ends up all over your clean clothes. The main culprit is an ingredient called butyl methoxydibenzoylmethane and is found in almost every type of sun lotion. According to the eco-friendly cleaning company, Wilton London, this protective substance is so tough to remove from fabrics because it reacts with the iron in our water, creating the yellowy-orange stains. These stains are essentially a form of rust, which makes them a pain to clean up. READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down Commercial stain removers are usually the first thing we reach for when we find marks on light-coloured clothing, but the team at Wilton has warned against the use of these shop-bought products. They said: “The usual stain removers are likely to make it worse. This sounds crazy but their ingredients may mix with the chemicals in the sun cream and accelerate the 'rusting' process which makes it even harder to make them vanish.” The good news is that there are several other ways to banish stubborn residue without using harsh bleaching products. Avoiding the chemical reaction which can worsen the stain is crucial when it comes to lifting sun cream from clothing, so opting for a degreaser is a great alternative. To make your own effective stain and grease remover, you will need some clean water, dish soap, and distilled white vinegar. According to one Reddit user, this method works best when you start by working the dish soap into the stain before soaking it in equal parts vinegar and water. Leave the garment to soak overnight and rinse in cold water to remove the soap and vinegar stench. You may need to repeat this a few times to get rid of larger stains, though it should work well on smaller items. DON'T MISS:Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach [INSIGHT]I tried a 65p hack to clean the top of my burnt metal toaster [REVEAL]Cleaning: ‘Key’ to removing grease stains from walls - 15-minute hack [ANALYSIS] Citrus fruits are sour and strong, with plenty of citric acids in the juice to help lift set stains. Start by flushing the affected garment with cold water and lay the wet item flat on a surface. Next, squeeze the juice of a fresh lemon directly onto the sun cream residue and follow with a generous sprinkling of table salt. Leave the citrus salt to get to work overnight and get back to cleaning it the following morning. To do this, brush away the salt and apply a small amount of laundry liquid onto the stain. Wash as normal to lift any remaining residue and leave the garment to dry in the sun. While it may sound odd to apply oil to an oil-based stain, pure eucalyptus oil can be very effective on pesky sun cream marks. Always make sure you use 100 percent pure products and cover the whole stain in the fragrant liquid. Leave the eucalyptus extract to get to work for around 15 minutes and rinse with cold water. It is always best to leave items to dry in the sun to benefit from the natural bleaching effect of the UV rays.