Phil Mickelson has reacted to Tiger Woods' strong condemnation on those players - including himself - who have decided to join the LIV Golf Series. With Woods not playing much golf this year, he's largely avoided questions on the breakaway league. Players such as Rory McIlroy, Justin Thomas and Jon Rahm have all given their thoughts on the LIV Golf Series, insisting they don't agree with it. And Woods was asked to give his view on the Saudi-backed league this week with the 15-time major slamming the rebels for "turning their back on" the PGA Tour. Mickelson was not part of the scheduled press conferences this week with the R&A clearly making a point to avoid much publicity around the LIV golfers. But speaking after his opening round score of 72, Mickelson was asked about Woods' comments specifically. "I certainly respect his opinion," Mickelson said. "I have a lot of respect for him. I respect his opinion. JUST IN: Ian Poulter booed at The Open as LIV golfers face hostile reception  "I think everybody's going to have strong emotions and opinions about it, and I certainly respect his." Despite being The 150th Open and players wanting the focus to be on the historic occasion at St Andrews, plenty of focus has still been on the LIV Golf controversy. The R&A decided against inviting LIV Golf CEO Greg Norman to the 150th Open celebrations this week with the two-time Open champion calling it "very petty". Mickelson also didn't attend either Monday's Celebration of Champions or Tuesday's champions' dinner.  'Lefty' won The Open back in 2013 at Muirfield, but was the most notable absentee from the celebrations. It was reported earlier in the week that Mickelson had decided that it was best for everybody that he wouldn't attend. But the 52-year-old has now claimed that it wasn't entirely his decision in the end. “The R&A contacted me a couple weeks before and said, ‘look, we don't think it's a great idea you go, but if you want to, you can’,” Mickelson added. “I just didn't want to make a big deal about it, so I said ‘fine’. We both kind of agreed that it would be best if I didn't.”