  Knives Out actress Ana de Armas has revealed the scrutiny she received during her time dating Hollywood star Ben Affleck confirmed LA was “not the place for her”. Ben and Ana dated briefly back in 2020 during the pandemic before calling it quits.      Ben got down on one knee to propose to Jennifer Lopez earlier this year, and the couple are now happily engaged for a second time after splitting up nearly 20 years earlier. Before that, Ben dated Ana for the best part of a year in 2020 after the pair met on the set of the drama Deep Water. However, the constant paparazzi attention that came with their relationship prompted Ana to leave LA. The actress opened up about their high profile romance in a new interview, where she admitted that her love life being the subject of headlines was a “horrible” experience. READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 57, stuns as she displays peachy rear in white bikini     Ana had been living in LA, California for seven years before dating Ben, but described how the treatment of celebrities there made her rethink her options. She described how leaving LA was one “good” thing to come out of her failed relationship with Ben. "Going through it [myself] confirmed my thoughts about, 'This is not the place for me to be,'" she explained. "It became a little bit too much.      “There's no escape. There's no way out,” she reflected in the August 2022 issue of Elle magazine. Neither actor has ever explained exactly what caused their “amicable” breakup, but it was said to be a mutual decision. Ben’s younger brother, Casey Affleck, hinted at a possible cause last year while appearing on Entertainment Tonight. "The reality is, I think that this year has been really hard on people in relationships," he said. READ MORE... Ivana Trump cause of death: How did Donald Trump's ex-wife die? [LATEST] Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [INSIGHT] 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [NEWS]     "I wouldn't know because I've been single, but I bet there are a lot of people that have, you know, it's been challenging to relationships." World-famous pop star J.Lo dated Ben for 18 months before they suddenly split in 2004, but now the couple are willing to make the ultimate commitment to one another. The pair met while filming the 2003 movie Gigli, about a couple of assassins on a kidnapping mission who ended up falling for each other. The film tanked at the box office and received abysmal reviews from most critics, but that didn’t stop the two from falling for eachother.      When they split up, Ben went on to date 13 Going on 30’s Jennifer Garner. The pair tied the knot in 2005 before going on to divorce in 2018. Ben shares three children with the Daredevil actress: Violet, 16, Seraphina, 12, and Samuel, nine. Ana was also previously married to Spanish actor Marc Clotet between 2011 and 2013.   