Jake Paul claims that Tyson Fury is too afraid to fight Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk. The YouTube star is adamant that he single-handedly saved boxing when he entered the sport after fighters like Fury caused it to die by ‘ducking’ fights. Over the years, one of the key criticisms brought against boxing is the lack of fights between the best fighters in each division. During the history of the four-belt era, there have only been eight men and five women to have been crowned undisputed champions of the world. Now, Paul claims he is facing the same issues in his own boxing career after recent problems with his own opponents. Talking about the state of boxing during a recent appearance on The MMA Hour, he said: "Boxing was a dying sport before I came and saved the entire sport basically single-handedly. Along with some other heavyweights and some lightweights but mostly because of me boxing. F***ing Tyson Fury's afraid to fight Anthony Joshua, Fury's afraid to fight Oleksandr Usyk. “Why hasn’t Gervonta and Devin Haney fought? Why hasn’t Gervonta and Ryan Garcia fought? Why aren’t these big fights happening? Because one of the parties is scared. Who knows which party it is but this is why boxing is dying because these fights aren't mandatory? No one can force them to do these fights like they can in the UFC. “So that’s where I give the UFC props, that’s where I give Dana White props but it pisses me off because I just want to get to the ring and do my job f****ing job, put on a show for the fans and I just can’t do it.” During the same interview, the ex-Disney actor revealed that his fight against Hasim Rahman Jr is in jeopardy after the 12-1 boxer threatened to no show Tuesday’s press conference unless he was given more money. If the fight falls through then Paul will be forced to find his third opponent in the less than week after his bout with Tommy Fury was cancelled due to the Brit’s travel issues. MORE BOXING NEWS... Golovkin puts Canelo's antics down to 'side effects of substances' McGregor fires shots at Paul as YouTuber calls out UFC star Usyk gets sneaky as Ukrainian recruits ex-Joshua insider for rematch  Paul is scheduled to face Rahman Jr on August 6 at Madison Square Garden, New York City. The fight marks ‘The Problem Child’s’ sixth outing as a professional as he puts his undefeated 5-0 record on the line against the son of former world heavyweight champion, Hasim Rahman.