Meghan Markle is the focus of an explosive new book detailing the breakdown of the relationship between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Royal Family. Tom Bower delves into the former actress’ introduction to the Firm, and her rocky journey from Windsor to Montecito. The investigative journalist references Meghan’s surprising Vanity Fair cover story, which introduced the future royal to the world. In 2017, the Duchess was featured on the cover of the magazine’s September issue, after the editor-in-chief was persuaded of the California girl’s potential impact on the monarchy.Meghan sat down with long-time contributing editor Sam Kashner, who — upon arriving at the Duchess’ Toronto home — was told Prince Harry and the royal relationship were strictly off limits.But in response to a long-shot question from Mr Kashner, Meghan gave surprising insight into her romance with the prince, revealing that they were “a couple” and “in love”.She said: “I’m sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time. READ MORE: Prince Harry to make major announcement TODAY as Duke and Meghan Markle to attend UN event “This is for us. It’s part of what makes it so special, that it’s just ours. But we’re happy. Personally, I love a great love story.”While the article was meant to focus on Meghan’s acting career, activism and philanthropy, the unexpected comments on her relationship trumped her career accolades and made it to the headline. ‘She’s Wild about Harry’ was printed across the glossy cover of the magazine.One royal expert has claimed that this early interview should have been a “warning sign” for the Royal Family.Writing for Au News in 2021, Daniela Elser said that in sitting down for the interview, Meghan broke the mould of “tight-lipped silence” that had been the standard procedure for Windsor wives and girlfriends. She said: “Rather, with her Vanity Fair appearance, she didn’t so much break that mould as chicly smash it to smithereens, trouncing the unspoken omerta that royal girlfriends had thus far diligently adhered to.” Ms Elser wrote that royal courtiers should have “paid much, much more attention to that magazine moment in 2017,” asking: “Were the warning signs there, even then, that the introduction of Meghan into the royal world was never, ever going to be smooth sailing?” She claimed that the magazine cover story was the “first major signal that things were serious and altar-bound.” The experienced royal journalist’s comments came months after Meghan and Harry’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which the Duchess made serious allegations against Buckingham Palace’s handling of issues surrounding race and mental health. Meghan and Harry spoke openly about their experiences within the Firm, claiming that a “lack of support and lack of understanding” contributed to their decision to leave. It again went against the Royal Family’s history of staying silent and their age-old mantra: Never explain, never complain. Ms Elser wrote: “In retrospect, there is a clear through line between her decision to speak out then and where things stand now, that is, a woman who refused to remain docile and resolutely mum, instead using her voice when and how she sees fit (for better or worse). “I wonder, should courtiers have heeded the tacit warning signs that Meghan was giving in her interview?” She explained the Vanity Fair article suggested Meghan “would do things her own way,” and “would not be constrained or restricted by protocol or precedent.” She concluded: “Meghan walked into the Palace as not so much an open book but an open, glossy magazine feature story. It’s just such a shame that no one spent more time reading it.” Meghan and Harry have since forged their own paths in the US, with both the Duke and Duchess exploring business ventures away from the Royal Family. While Harry has been working on a documentary about the Invictus Games with Netflix, Meghan has reportedly thrown herself into producing her upcoming podcast, ‘Archetypes’. The project is expected to tackle typecasting and the way women are labelled, and host Meghan will “speak with historians and experts to uncover the origin of these stereotypes and have uncensored conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape narratives”. ‘Archetypes’ was announced back in March with a teaser being released on Spotify; no further information has been published. But recently, Closer Magazine reported that Meghan has been “throwing herself into work on her podcast at the moment, which she can work on from home.” The podcast is set to be released this summer.