Naga Munchetty took to Instagram to issue a plea for help to her followers after she made an upsetting discovery at home. The BBC Breakfast presenter, 47, asked for advice after discovering a bird inside her home which she shares with husband James Haggar, and told how it was "too weak" to fly on its own. In view of her 54,000 followers, Naga relayed the upsetting incident and asked for advice. The star told how she had found a bird which had keeled over inside her home and was now taking care of it. The Radio host wrote: "Helpful suggestions to help this little one please? "I came home to see it on its back in the house. READ MORE: Clint Eastwood's first child was a secret daughter who was adopted "Set it free in garden but is obviously weak and was only going to be caught again. "Have provided water and seeds and a box to rest in. "What next? X" she asked her followers. The star shared a snap of the bird next to a bowl of food and one of water. Following her post, Naga's concerned followers were quick to rush to the comments to share their advice. Instagram user Angus.gillian wrote: "Awww, possible avian flu Naga. Be cautious. Lots of it up here on north east coast." Butlerpaddy penned: "Excellent work and glad you rescued hopefully there is time for rescue centre so it can get well.xxx" While Martinjcullen advised: "I think RSPB or RSPCA Naga. Most likely it's in shock. Keep it dark and quiet and calm." DON'T MISS...John Cleese says he 'lives in hotel rooms' urging against divorce [INSIGHT]George RR Martin tests positive for Covid after missing premiere [ANALYSIS]Boxing icon Frank Bruno calls out Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss over NHS [UPDATE] Hours later, Naga shared an update with her concerned fans, letting them know the bird is thought to fully recover. She wrote: "Update: she's been taken to a rescue centre and it's thought she'll be fine. Phew! X" It comes after Naga told how she and her husband had been left with "holes in their hearts" after the death of their beloved cat Missy. Posting a series of sweet snaps of Missy, Naga wrote: "Said goodbye to our darling, sweet girl Missy yesterday. "She may have been small, but she was immense in stature. The sweetest cat I've ever loved. "She's left a massive hole in our hearts and home," she ended her tribute. The BBC star had previously shared a snap of Missy sleeping peacefully in a cardboard box in the sun. Naga penned: "Happiness is... x", alongside the sweet pic.