The BBC has honoured Dame Deborah James in a touching documentary about her life and bowel cancer battle. Viewers were left in tears as they remembered Deborah’s inspiring spirit and “rebellious hope”. The BBC podcast host died aged 40 earlier this week, having bravely fought bowel cancer since 2016. Watching Deborah James: The Last Dance, viewers were moved to tears. Chloe tweeted: “In floods of tears watching the tribute to Dame Deborah James on @BBCOne beautifully done.” Claire added: “Who else is sat watching @bowelbabe #bowelbabe #DeborahJames in tears? “RIP you amazingly brave and beautiful (inside and out) … you have been the most remarkable lady and best mum ever to your two gorgeous kids.” Gemma typed: “An absolute must watch- it floored me, there were tears but Dame Deborah James what a #legend - #checkyourpoo what a legacy - what a lady - #rebellioushope”. Countdown star Carol Vorderman was also watching, and she penned: “What an exceptional woman - Dame Deborah James.  Thank you BBC for #thelastdance. “If you didn't see it, please watch to see what an immense spirit one human being can have .... extraordinary, just extraordinary. Rest in music and dance”. Deborah’s friend Lorraine Kelly appeared in the documentary, and said: “What a legacy, what a legacy she leaves us. Just incredible." As photos of Deborah receiving her damehood from Prince William in her garden filled the screen, the ITV star continued: “Being made a Dame in her house, how Deborah, how fantastic. "Millions and millions and millions of pounds which will save lives, just incredible." Lorraine added that Deborah always looked “immaculate”, while her friend Gaby Roslin remarked on how the former deputy headteacher was always smiling. DON'T MISS...R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [UPDATE] Carol Vorderman blasts ‘misogynistic snob’ Dominic Raab [TWITTER] Age-defying Vera Wang, 73, looks decades younger on her birthday [PICTURES] "All she wanted to do was get this message across, make sure nobody else went through the same as her, make sure that everybody had the information that they needed, and to stop people being stupid about their bottoms,” said Lorraine, referring to Deborah’s tireless raising of awareness of the importance of checking your stools. "That was what struck me. We started talking about bottoms and poo after about probably 45 seconds when we met each other, and I just thought, 'I really like you, you're my kind of woman, you are a smasher'". Deborah’s family announced the sad news that she had passed away on her social media, alongside a beautiful photograph. "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family,” they wrote. "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives. "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. “Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring." She left behind her husband Sebastien Bowen, and two children Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12.