Finding the motivation to lose weight can be difficult at the best of times, but women in their 40s and above going through the menopause are more at risk of developing other serious health issues. This is down to several biological and hormonal changes that lead to weight gain, especially in the abdominal region. So what can women do about this? Eileen Durward, a menopause advisor at A.Vogel, revealed her top tips to kickstart women's weight loss goals and to encourage them to stay motivated during their menopausal cycle. "It's really about taking care of yourself," she said on her weekly podcast. "Remember to put yourself first at least some of the time when you're going through the menopause." Studies have found that caffeine comes with a whole host of side effects, including insomnia, nervousness, restlessness, nausea and increased heart rate. Eileen said: "Obviously, caffeine is a big one. "Dehydration, it is another one as well because these can really deplete you of energy as well, and that can compound the problem." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She suggested that taking a couple of supplements may help give women a bit more get-up-and-go. "Make sure that you're getting plenty of magnesium," she said. "Maybe a nice vitamin B complex as well, just to give your nervous system a little bit of an energy boost." Making sure that a person's blood sugar levels are stable is important for weight loss, as spikes won't trigger the body to burn fat. This is because when a person's blood sugar is high, the pancreas is producing more insulin to move the sugar out of the blood and into cells. According to research, this is a problem for weight loss because the body only burns fat when it senses insulin levels dropping. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Healthline offered a few ways to prevent blood sugar spikes and keep it stable, including: Go low-carb Eat fewer refined carbs Reduce sugar intake Keep a healthy weight Exercise more Eat more fibre READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay  Eileen recommended women go and try a different daily routine once in a while to keep things interesting. "One of the interesting things I've found going through the menopause is you may get fed up of the things that you normally do. "But there may be something at the back of your mind; something that you've been yearning to do for a long time, so maybe look into that because sometimes doing something really special can just give you a bit of a boost and a lift." Eileen explained that some people can get a "little bit of a boost" through making a gratitude list every day. "Just write down maybe three or four things that have been really nice about your day or that you feel really grateful for," she suggested. "And as I say, I find that helps to really lift me up and it makes me feel a lot better."