The bank is to axe 48 Lloyds Bank branches and 18 Halifax outlets, between October 2022 and February 2023. The closures will include branches across England, Northern Ireland, and Wales, in the fourth swathe of closures in recent months. By early next year, customers will lose access to 133 Lloyds Bank branches, 50 Halifax outlets, and 19 Bank of Scotland branches. Russell Galley, director of consumer relationships at Lloyds Banking Group said: “Our customers have more choice than ever in how they bank with us. "As our customers do more online, visits to some branches have fallen by as much as 85 percent over the last five years. “Alongside our digital, online and telephone services, we'll continue to invest in our branches, but they need to be in the right places, where they're well-used." READ MORE: Smart meter alert: Engineer shares ‘basic’ ways you can save £40 a month on energy bills  Lloyds previously announced that 28 outlets would close between August and November this year, while a further 60 sites are to shut between June and September. The banking group also closed 48 branches between January and April this year. Managers said that customers who find their nearest branch is closing will have at least one free-to-use ATM within half a mile. Once all these previous closures are completed, Lloyds Banking Group will have a network of 1,321 branches, including 646 Lloyds Bank branches, 510 Halifax and 165 Bank of Scotland sites. More than 300 UK bank branches are set to shut down this year, with HSBC and Barclays also closing many outlets. Many banks and building societies blame a lack of footfall following the pandemic for their decision to axe more branches. Customers are switching to online banking to manage their money rather than visiting their local branch in person. David Beard, founder and CEO of comparison site Lendingexpert.co.uk, urged banks and building societies to maintain good customer service despite the closures. He said: “I'm not surprised that more bank branches have announced they're set to close. “But I hope they'll plough the money saved into better online and telephone banking experiences for their customers. “It's unacceptable for a customer to wait longer than five minutes to speak to someone from their bank. “There's no excuse to skimp on customer service agents considering the vast amount of money banks are saving from closing branches.”