SHINZO ABE, 67, formerly the country’s longest serving Prime Minister, was struck in the neck and chest at around 11:30am (local time). The 41-year old who killed him — identified as an ex-soldier of the Japanese self-defence forces — was reportedly dissatisfied with the politician. While tragic, Mr Abe’s death is not unique, with history full of political assassinations, some of which Express.co.uk explores here.  According to data compiled by the US's Combating Terrorism Center looking at 954 assassinations from the end of World War 2 to early 2013, from the late Forties until the late Sixties the yearly number of assassinations rarely exceeded single-digit numbers. Since 1970, however, this trend has reversed. Far from going away, assassinations were most frequent in Central America and Western Europe between the Sixties and Eighties — a period in which both regions were immersed in political turbulence. In Eastern Europe, political assassinations became more prevalent after 1995, where more than more than 85 percent took place during the region’s transition to democracy from the days of the Soviet Union. Political assassinations are often harder to carry out in highly oppressive regimes with significant separations between political leaders and the public, limiting opportunities for opposition actors that could initiate such attacks. Even after leaving office — as seen with Mr Abe — politicians are not safe, with many former leaders meeting their end well into their retirement years. The tone of the first half of the 20th century was set by the assassination of Franz Ferdinand in 1914, the Austrian archduke whose death sparked World War 1. Carried out by Gavrilo Princip in Sarajevo on the 28th of June, the act gave Austria-Hungary an excuse to open hostilities against Serbia and thus precipitated World War 1. Wanting to destroy Austro-Hungarian rule in the Balkans and to unite the South Slav peoples into a federal nation, he believed that the first step must be the assassination of a member of the Habsburg imperial family or a high official of the government, and so came Ferdinand into his firing line. In Yugoslavia — the South Slav state that he had envisioned — Princip came to be regarded as a national hero.  READ MORE: Ukraine urged to destroy Russia's bridge to Crimea by NATO commander  Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was a leader of the Indian nationalist movement against British rule, and is considered to be the father of his country. On January 30, 1948, while he was on his way to his evening prayer meeting in Delhi, he was shot three times at point-blank range by Nathuram Godse, a young Hindu fanatic. Mr Godse believed that Gandhi treated Muslims with more respect than Hindus.  DON'T MISSBoris MUST be replaced by a Brexiteer Tory MPs warn [EXCLUSIVE]Zelensky's heroes shoot down Russian Kalibr missiles [REPORT]Penny Mordaunt heartbreak laid bare as family struck by tragedy [INSIGHT]Covid POLL: As cases surge should masks be compulsory inside again? [POLL] Perhaps the most high-profile of all in the last century, was the assassination of the 35th president of the United States, John F. Kennedy. The youngest man to hold presidential office, who weathered the Cuban missile crisis, was shot at 12:30pm on November 22, 1963 while riding in an open-top motorcade through Dallas, Texas. His assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald, was a twice court-martialled former US Marine who had embraced Marxism and defected for a time to the Soviet Union. Oswald maintained his innocence under questioning before himself being killed two days later by Dallas nightclub owner, Jack Ruby. Indira Gandhi served as prime minister of India for four terms between 1966 and 1984. During the early Eighties Indira Gandhi was faced with threats to the political integrity of India as several states sought a larger measure of independence from central government. Sikh separatists in the Punjab state used violence to assert their demands for an autonomous state. In response, Gandhi ordered an army attack in June 1984 on the Sikhs’ holiest shrine, the Harmandir Sahib (Golden Temple) at Amritsar, which led to the deaths of at least 450 Sikhs. Five months later, Gandhi was shot in her garden by two of her own Sikh bodyguards in revenge for the attack.  Yitzhak Rabin was the Israeli PM who tried to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict. Rabin signed the Oslo Accords aimed at resolving Israeli-Palestinian issues, and in 1994 won the Nobel Peace Prize together with long-time political rival Shimon Peres and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. However, his success and vision was cut short when a right-wing radical by the name of Yigal Amir assassinated him on 4th November, 1995. Rabin has since become a symbol of the Israeli–Palestinian peace process. 