Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the president of the casino club reward Eddie, a blackjack dealer, for being such a hard worker and persevering even when things were tough in her life. Undercover Boss USA shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. Mr Sibella went undercover in his casinos to see where his brand is excelling and under performing. Whilst undercover he worked with Eddie on the casino floor. Eddie is a blackjack dealer who likes to create an unforgettable experience for customers. He said: “My goal is to make sure they remember me.” READ MORE: NHS Prescriptions: List of DWP benefits that qualify for help with medication costs When he moved to Los Vegas, he was homeless and did not have anything to his name. He got in contact with a job centre and created the life he has now for himself and his boys. He said: “It started rough, but when I spoke to the people in the park, I got connected with people in the unemployment agency and the rest is history.” Once uncovered, Mr Sibella said Eddie had become a friend to him. READ MORE: Savings alert: Provider launches ‘market leading’ account giving 3.10% returns He said: “You’re a great father, you’ve raised five kids on your own. “Not only are you an asset to us here, you are a great person. “You’re always giving so I think it’s time to give back to you. “I want to give you $10,000 (around £8,200). I want you to feel a little bit more secure. It’s the least I could do.” As Eddie was such a family orientated man, and did everything for his boys, Mr Sibella wanted to do something for them as a family. He remembered that Eddie was interested in UFC fighting so got him tickets to see a fight. Mr Sibella continued: “You said you don’t go anywhere without your boys, so Dana White, the president of UFC wants to take all the boys on his private plane, fly you out to a UFC match with VIP treatment. “Just the whole UFC experience with all the boys together.” In shock, Eddie said: “Wow that would be amazing. “It’s a blessing for the boys and I to spend some time together. “I know once they venture off on their own, they will remember this forever and that means more to me than anything in the world.”