Mark Harrison, who was working as a photographer for the BBC during Prince Andrew’s infamous Newsnight interview, wouldn’t reveal what he had captured in the photo but said it would "embarrass" Prince Andrew and the Royal Family if it was released. The Prince has reportedly insisted the photo never be made public. Mr Harrison, however, has hinted the photo may feature in an upcoming film detailing how BBC was able to secure the interview. The film will be a dramatisation and as such, producers could seek to replicate the photo. A source told The Mail on Sunday that the photo, particularly without context, would be shocking if released. The source said: "Our jaws dropped to the floor when we saw it. It would cause Andrew much embarrassment – and imagine how high the bar has to be to cause him embarrassment after everything that has happened."  The source added: "It's the kind of thing which would make the public drop their cornflakes. It is definitely not what Andrew would want out there and apparently he insisted that it remained secret. It was not one of the shots the BBC released. "There is, of course, a chance that it will at some point come out for all to see, perhaps if the price is right. Of course the movie about the interview is happening so that is a possibility." Mr Harrison said the photograph had only been seen by a few people and that if it were to enter the public domain, it would be a "big deal" for the Royal family. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak promises Brexiteers he will torch Brussels' laws instantly  The new film, Scoop, will detail how the BBC has secured some of its biggest interviews including the November 14, 2019 bombshell interview at Buckingham Palace with Prince Andrew. It will also reportedly look into Prince Andrew’s friendship with billionaire and convicted sex offender, Jeffery Epstein. During the interview the Prince tried to clear himself of any wrongdoing, however the interview was largely seen as a PR disaster. Prince Andrew didn’t renounce his friendship with Mr Epstein and instead claimed the relationship had "serious beneficial outcomes".  DON'T MISS:Smart meter fury: Brits giving false readings to lower costs [INSIGHT]Kimberley Walsh on relationship with Strictly's Pasha and wife Rachel [REPORT]Ukraine: Putin’s attack potential slashed as Ukrainian rockets [LIVE] He also denied claims that he had sexually assaulted Virginia Giuffre when she was 17. Last year, Mrs Giuffre sued the Prince, accusing him of "sexual assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress". Earlier this year the suit was settled out of court for an undisclosed sum. Prince Andrew never admitted to any wrongdoing regarding the case and strongly denied the allegations. 