Jane McDonald is the queen of the sea. On one episode of Channel 5's Cruising with Jane McDonald, she shared a fabulous on board activity that cruisers should get stuck into. Cruises are the epitome of luxury and relaxation. However, this doesn't mean cruisers can't come away with a brand new skill to take home with them after their travels. On board the Oceania Marina, singer Jane McDonald took part in a cookery class. Despite the fact that cruise ships are almost synonymous with good eating and beautiful buffet spreads, cruise ships often offer this type of class. READ MORE: Travellers face ‘absolute carnage’ at Manchester Airport Jane told cruisers: "All that snooping round the restaurants has made me hungry. "So, I've booked myself into a cookery class." The cruise singer turned presenter learned how to make "perfect" Crêpes Suzette, one of her "favourite dishes". She explained: "Lots of cruisers have kitchen demos. "But the Marina was one of the first to have a full-blown cookery school at sea." And it's not just anybody who teaches passengers to cook. Jane told viewers: "The classes are provided by top chefs, all providing step by step guidance." But even though they are taught by leading professionals in the industry, this is a time for passengers to relax and have fun while learning a new skill. READ MORE: 'Save extra cash' Five easy money saving tips for travel this summer The chef told Jane and her fellow cruisers: "Relax, chill out, smile, we're here to learn, cook, have a good time." For Jane's cooking lesson, cruisers were put into pairs, so this is also a great way to make friends on board. This is an especially good idea for cruisers whose friends or family aren't particularly into cooking - so they don't have to learn alone. Having a partner also makes the experience a little less intimidating. Jane punched she air as she absolutely nailed the Crêpes Suzette, complete with "boozy" orange sauce. She was even branded a "natural" chef. One thing to make note of, however, is that culinary classes may come at a price. On Royal Caribbean cruises, passengers will be charged an unspecified fee, according to the official website. P&O cruisers can go to cookery school for "a little extra" but may even be schooled by "godfather of British cooking" Marco Pierre White.