Recently, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a new wave of cost of living payments to help families who are struggling with the rising rate of inflation and soaring energy prices. Included in the support is targeted payments for people who have a disability or long-term health condition. Those on PIP are entitled to at least £700 in support as long as they are in certain council tax brackets. The primary cost of living payment which will be awarded to PIP claimants is the Government’s extra £150 for those with a disability. This support has been specifically designed to help those dealing with the cost of living crisis who have a long-term condition, which means many PIP claimants will be entitled to it. To qualify for this assistance, recipients must be eligible for already existing DWP payments on May 25, 2022. The Government department has confirmed It will be paid into peoples’ bank and building society accounts sometime this September. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  Outside of PIP, the following disability benefit payments from the DWP qualify someone for the extra £700: Outside of this support, those who get PIP will also be able to get a council tax rebate worth £150 paid into their accounts. This reduction has been introduced to help people with their energy bills and recipients should be expecting sometime between now and September 30, 2022, if they have not got it already. Households in council tax bands A to D will be eligible for this support which has already been claimed by millions of people across the country. People who pay their council tax via direct debit will have the rebate automatically applied to their account by their local authority. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? However, those who do not have a direct debit set up will have to reach out directly to their council to apply. It should be noted that councils are sending out vouchers to people who do not have direct debits that can be redeemed at the Post Office. Furthermore, households who are outside of tax brackets A to D are ineligible for the extra £150 but there is other support available to address the energy crisis. The Government’s Energy Bills Support Scheme was originally a £200 rebate which would have had to be paid back, however this has been extended to a non-repayable £400. This lump sum of money will come from energy suppliers and all households with a domestic electricity meter will get £400 cash over a six-month period from October. Comparatively, direct debit and credit customers will see it paid into their energy bill accounts. Customers with pre-payment meters will get the amount applied to their meter or paid via a voucher. Tenants whose bills are all included in the rent will not receive this £400 as it will be sent to their landlord.