Cameron Norrie returned to Centre Court like a man on a mission to become Britain’s first man in the fourth round for five years. American Steve Johnson simply could not live with the British no. 1, who took just 1hr 50m minutes to rattle off a 6-4, 6-1, 6-0 win to delight the home crowd.  Johnson, ranked 93 in the world, had in turn dispatched fellow Brit Ryan Peniston in the second round to earn the match up. But treating an injured finger constantly between points, he simply could not live with Norrie’s relentless pressure. The 26-year-old made his debut on Wimbledon’s most prestigious court 12 months ago when he lost in four sets to Roger Federer in the third round. And very soon this began to turn into the sort of tennis masterclass the Swiss usually hands out on the hallowed turf. Johnson was able to live with him until the end of the first set until two final break points proved too much and Norrie took the early blood. The scent in his nostrils clearly agreed with him and two more breaks in the second set followed in rapid succession. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic will find Rafa Nadal stat 'unacceptable'  Indeed, it was turning into a complete implosion for Johnson, who seemed unable to get off the court quick enough in the end, losing 14 of the final 15 games of the match in a show of totally one-sided domination. Norrie said: “It feels really good to do it, especially at Wimbledon, at home. “It is my first time in the second week of a slam and couldn’t be happier, especially with friends and family here.” DON'T MISS  He was asked what the secret of his success was and a fan from the crowd interrupted with the suggestion, “Weetabix!” Norrie smiled and added: “Maybe a combination of those and that I am enjoying playing at this level, enjoying the process, enjoying improving. It’s been a lot of fun and I want to keep ticking more boxes.” Next up is Tommy Paul, a player ranked 20 places below Norrie at 32. However, already at these championships the American has beaten Fernando Verdasco, Adrian Mannarino and Jiri Veseley - all established Wimbledon names - without losing a single set. Although in this sort of form, Norrie will not mind too much who is standing on the other side of the net on Saturday. “I’m as ready as I can be,” Norrie said. “It has been a tricky grass season for me, but it seems to have peaked at the right time.”