Paramount Plus’ highly acclaimed sci-fi franchise Star Trek will soon return to screens for the second instalment of its prequel Star Trek Strange New Worlds. Ahead of its release, La’an star Christina Chong opened up about an all-new character.  After first premiering in 1966, Star Trek is widely recognised as the highest-grossing media franchise of all time. The series burst on the screens and gained worldwide acclaim as it followed the adventure of the Starship USS Enterprise. Led by Captain James T. Kirk (played by William Shatner) the voyagers set out on a mission to explore strange new worlds and boldly go where no man has gone before. When the original series came to an end in 1969, a number of successful spin-offs followed including the more recent, Star Trek Strange New Worlds.  READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew After premiering in May, the series served as a prequel to the original series to portray in detail the early adventures of the USS enterprise. The show returned with established characters from the past including the beloved Spock (Ethan Peck). As well as Nyota Uhura (Celia Rose Gooding) who was originally portrayed by Nichelle Nichols. Star Trek Strange New Worlds also saw the addition of La’an Noonien-Singh (Christina Chong), who was completely new to the franchise.  In an interview with Deadline, Chong lifted the lid on portraying a new character in the well-established franchise. The actress stated: “For me with La’an, I arrived and it was all given on a plate to me Akiva [Goldsman] and Henry [Alonso Myers] had fleshed her up so well. “I had no expectations because I was cast very late, I was the last one to be cast.” Recalling her experience, Chong continued: “It was seven days before I had to get on a plane to Toronto, I was like ‘Yes’, I don’t know what I’m doing but I’m taking this job of seven pages of dialogue’ and knowing of its course it was a franchise, but that was it.”  DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [INSIGHT]Star Trek Strange New Worlds boss shares real-life season 2 influence [INSIGHT]Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [INSIGHT] The 38-year-old actress added: “When I arrived I remember having a zoom with Akiva and Henry just being overwhelmed by how cool La’an is. “And the fact that she gets to not only have the freedom of not being attached to canon the same way that everyone else is. “The fact that I could bring pretty much anything and a lot of myself, which I bring to the role was so freeing as an artist to be able to play with that and not have any constrictions.” “And to just be a part of this amazing, loving community has just been incredible,” Chong concluded.  As Star Trek Strange New Worlds recently came to an end, fans expressed their desire for a second season to discover more about their favourite characters. Thankfully for fans, season two of the series had already been confirmed at the beginning of the year before the premiere debuted. In the interview, La’an star dropped a major hint about the instalment and stated: “If you enjoyed season one, season two takes it to a whole other level. “We're getting scripts in completely in awe of everything that Henry [Alonso Myers] and Akiva [Goldsman] have created.” Star Trek: Strange New Worlds is available in the US on Paramount Plus and is available on Paramount Plus in the UK. 