Fraudsters are conning people out of their life savings and using investment opportunities as bait. So far this year, scammers have pocketed £118 million, with the average victim losing £36,250 per fraud. Fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. While scams come in all forms, crypto criminals have seen their profits almost double over the last year to £226million, according to NordVPN. Marijus Briedis, chief technology officer and digital privacy expert at NordVPN, said: "With inflation skyrocketing and traditional savings rates failing to keep up, bogus crypto investment schemes offering the prospect for high returns are the perfect bait for scammers. "These frauds are thriving, despite the huge crash in Bitcoin and other currencies." READ MORE: Why haven't I received the first cost of living payment? He continued: “Worryingly the clear rise in the amounts stolen per fraud shows the scammers are getting better at fleecing their victims." Lloyds Bank recently issued a warning after purchase scams more than doubled so far this year. Liz Ziegler, Retail Fraud & Financial Crime Director, Lloyds Bank, said many scammers are using social media to con people. Purchase scams occur when someone is tricked into sending money via bank transfer (also known as a Faster Payment) to buy goods or services - often advertised online or via social media - that don’t exist. DON'T MISS:Nationwide raises interest rate on savings account to 5% [ALERT]Santander scam: convincing hoax email includes full name and account [WARNING]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [INSIGHT]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE] She said: “Fraudsters are always on the lookout for new ways to trick victims out of their hard-earned cash, and with designer trainers amongst the latest must-have items being targeted, the criminals are ready to hotfoot it away as soon as they have their hands on your money. "Purchase scams come in all shapes and sizes, but the vast majority start with items advertised on social media, where it’s all too easy for fraudsters to use fake profiles and advertise items that don’t exist. “When shopping online, the best way to keep safe is to buy from a trusted retailer whenever possible, and always pay by card for the greatest protection. “If you’re unable to do those things, that should be a big red flag that you’re about to get scammed.” READ MORE: Supermarket loyalty scheme secrets exposed - but which is best? Fraudsters are always looking for the next trend they can exploit to trick victims out of their hard-earned cash. Experts are warning people to be vigilant as scammers use much more sophisticated methods than they used to. When it comes to purchase scams, people should never use bank transfers to pay for goods. Lloyds has come up with some useful tips to help people avoid scams. Top tips to stay safe from purchase scams: 