The Princess Royal looked stunning in a vibrant yellow jacket which had a decorative five-pointed star brooch pinned to its large blue collar. The opulent pin bursts with symbolism, according to a diamond expert. The Queen's daughter, who has stepped up her royal engagements in recent months, made an appearance as the maid of honour at a garden party at Hillsborough Castle and Gardens during her visit to Northern Ireland this week. She could be seen greeting guests with Northern Ireland Secretary of State Brandon Lewis. Anne looked smart in a blue and yellow ensemble but all eyes were on the magnificent brooch, which is said to be worth £25,000. Diamond Expert Maxwell Stone, from UK retailer Steven Stone, took a close look and revealed the meaning of the jewels.  Mr Maxwell said: "Princess Anne’s brooch appears to be a yellow gold, interwoven heirloom. "Interestingly, the yellow gold doesn’t shine, which suggests that it’s brushed or matte." The mother-of-two has worn the dazzling emblem publically before including at the Royal Ascot in 2009. Mr Maxwell said: "In the shape of a star, each corner features three diamonds." READ MORE: Prince William 'a control freak' over information about Cambridges It's not known who gifted the piece to the royal or whether it has a very specific meaning. However, Mr Maxwell said "stars burst with symbolism – representing motivation, guidance, protection, wishes and spirituality". Princess Anne's Northern Ireland trip began with a trip to Ballymena Showgrounds before attending the garden party - which is the first one since before the coronavirus pandemic. Anne also visited Ballymena in Co Antrim, and an equine rehabilitation centre as part of her one-day trip to the province. DON'T MISS: Rafael Nadal snubbed Queen after declining rare invite from monarch [INSIGHT]Prince Charles' tense meeting with Boris Johnson: 'No respect!' [INSIGHT]Prince Charles 'doesn't like using helicopters' over carbon footprint [COMMENT] A flagship celebration is being held there to mark 100 years of cadets from across Northern Ireland in St John's Ambulance. Anne met with leaders, as well as cadets and badgers, learning more about the organisation’s range of youth programmes and activities. The Princess also met with several young people completing the Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme, and later visited the Irish Equine Rehabilitation Centre in Lower Ballinderry in Co Antrim. Before leaving, Anne planted an oak tree in the castle’s walled garden.