Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4, all appeared in public alongside their parents during Her Majesty The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations and royal fans were quick to comment on how much they have grown. Following their appearances at several events for their great-grandmother's landmark year, royal fans expressed their shock at how tall Prince George was.  One fan wrote: “I bet Prince George is going to be at least 6’6” tall!” Another pointed out: “He’s almost as tall as Her Majesty now.” A third fan added: “Prince George is getting so grown up and tall, so like his father in every way, looks and stature and William was so like his beautiful mother, Princess Diana.” A final account wrote about Princess Charlotte's height too, saying: “He will be very tall I think - and his sister too. The little Cambridges won the genetic lottery.” It is not known how tall Prince George is now but it'll surely only be a short while before he can look down at his great-grandmother - who he affectionately calls 'Gan-Gan'.  The trio’s mother, The Duchess of Cambridge, is also very tall. She stands at 5ft 9, making her five inches taller than the average British woman. Given the height that Prince George has inherited, it can be said with a great deal of certainty that he will be very tall as he grows up. The tallest king on record is currently Edward IV. Henry VIII’s grandfather measured in at 6ft 4 ½ and his record remains unbroken.  READ MORE: Nadal in 'angry' Wimbledon exchange over 'disrespect and etiquette' While Prince William will just miss out on the chance to claim the title of the tallest king in history, Prince George could be in with a chance. Research by the Keck School of Medicine in California suggests that it is common for a son to grow taller than his mother, as well as stand a few inches above his father. This theory is calculated by taking the height of the child's mother and adding five inches to that. You then add that number to the father's height and divide that figure by two. In Prince George’s case, we enter the height of his mother, The Duchess of Cambridge, which is 69 inches and add another five inches.  DON'T MISS:'No other PM would have done this!' Boris blasted over Brexit [SPOTLIGHT]DWP confirms £22million cash injection to help older workers [INSIGHT]Safest country in the world for female tourists - full list [COUNTDOWN] We then add that to the height of his father, Prince William, which is 75 inches, before dividing the figure by two. We are left with 74.5 inches which would suggest that Prince George will stand at a healthy 6ft 2. If this is true then Prince George will be one of Britain’s tallest kings. But if he follows in his father’s footsteps and grows significantly taller than his parents, George could one day break the record currently held by Edward IV. The late Duke of Edinburgh, stood at an impressive 6ft tall and his eldest son, Prince Charles, is 5ft 10.  While the monarch is famed for her small stature, she is not the shortest British monarch. That title was held by her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria who, at just 4ft 9 inches tall, was wider around than she was tall in her later years. The current tallest member of the Royal Family is The Duke of Cambridge as he stands at 6ft 3. This impressive stature is clearly something that his three children have inherited. 