In a recent interview with James Martin, Amanda Owen opened up about what meals she cooks for her nine children and how she copes with living so far away from civilisation. The Yorkshire Shepherdess rose to fame on her Channel 5 show, Our Yorkshire Farm, which follows Amanda and her family as they go about their daily routine at Ravenseat Farm. Amanda admitted she loves living out in the middle of nowhere, however, this means she and her family are far away from the hospital and shops. The 47-year-old told James that the Owen family manage to grow some things themselves, and they even have their own house cow called Buttercup. "I have my own house cow," Amanda said. "She is called buttercup, which is not very original, but yes, we milk a cow every morning and every night for the house." Discussing how remote Ravenseat is, James asked Amanda whether moving there was a shock to the system. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool "You were into farming anyway, but that transition to where it is you know because it is a pretty remote part of the world," the TV presenter pointed out. "It is very remote," Amanda agreed before adding: "I mean it's built as one of the highest and remotest hill farms in England. "I mean it's a challenging place at the best of times and you do have to adapt. It certainly moulds your whole character. "I think self-sufficiency has to be one of the key things that you have to get your head around." The mum-of-nine went on to explain that she and her family have to work with the produce they have growing around the farm. Speaking about how far they are from civilisation, Amanda said: "We measure distance in time. "I've got nine children, and I've had seven of them either at home or at the side of the road because the hospital now is two and a half hours away." "I think that is part of where you live when you're out rural in the countryside," the farmer added. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final [NEWS]BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off [REACTION] "I think you do have a different kind of mindset, and you do feel that sense of independence." When asked about how she copes with being far away from supermarkets and shops, Amanda replied: "I'm really fortunate. I'm really privileged to live where I do because it does mean that I can incorporate some elements of what is in season. "We are not a grow-y place don't get me wrong, but that doesn't mean that we can't make the most of what we can find. "I mean, we've actually had quite a lot of mushrooms of late, so we've had a sort of supply of mushrooms. "We've also had raspberries and blackberries, anything that I can make the kids work for. "I mean even just picking wild garlic, anything like that. "They just love to feel like they have provided and put food on the table." James Martin's Saturday Morning airs on Saturday at 9.25am on ITV.