London Underground workers are set to strike on 19 August, in the midst of the school holidays. The industrial action will see more than 40,000 workers walk out. The Rail, Maritime and Transport Union's general secretary Mick Lynch said: "[Our members] have been messed around by TfL and Mayor Sadiq Khan.  "And to add insult to injury they have not seen the detail of this funding letter from government. "Unless there can be assurances made about jobs, pensions and detrimental changes to working conditions, then our strike on 19 August will go ahead." The RMT has given Transport for London until 2 August to reassure workers no job reductions and no detrimental changes to pension will be implemented. The same union is also striking on Network Rail and 14 train operators on August 18 and 20. READ MORE: UK faces MORE strike misery as SEVEN train firms confirm action  Members of the Transport Salaried Staffs Association (TSSA) are also striking on the same days at a number of rail companies. Just yesterday, TSSA confirmed strikes would be held across seven rail companies. Avanti West Coast, c2c, East Midlands Railway, CrossCountry, Great Western Railway, LNER, and Southeastern will be affected by the industrial action. Action short of strike will be taken in West Midlands Trains, Northern, Greater Anglia, TransPennine Express and Southeastern. According to the TSSA, thousands of its members - including station staff, operational, maintenance, supervisory and management staff - will take part in industrial action. TSSA was holding off on serving notice for industrial action in Network Rail in order to hold last-minute talks. Manuel Cortes, TSSA general secretary, said the union does "not take strike action lightly", but added "enough is enough". He warned that a "Summer of discontent" is an "ever-closer reality". DON'T MISS: Andrew Neil pinpoints absurdity of Tory leadership election 'bonkers!' [INSIGHT] UK faces MORE strike misery as SEVEN train firms confirm action [REPORT] Holiday hell fears over British Airways pilots' strike vote [ANALYSIS]  Mr Lynch told The Mail+ that he will seek another six-month strike mandate when the current one finishes towards the end of this year. This means that strikes may continue into next summer, with Mr Lynch also not ruling out week-long walkouts. The RMT has already caused chaos this summer, striking last month on three dates in June. Asked whether week-long walkouts were possible, Mr Lynch told The Mail+: "We will look at our tactics as we go on. "We'll examine what's most effective and how best to pursue our members' interests."