It exposes internal divisions, provides ammunition to the Opposition and encourages personality clashes when the Government should be concentrating on the vital task of running the country. But this is too negative a view. Electing a new leader can also be an opportunity for democratic renewal as policies are scrutinised and senior politicians tested in the crucible of open debate. That is what is now happening in the competition to succeed Boris Johnson. At first, it seemed the Tories would be gripped by a hot summer of strife, given both the large number of candidates who came forward and the willingness of some campaign teams to indulge in blue-on-blue attacks. But the atmosphere has changed since the emergence of the final shortlist of Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak. The rivalry between this pair has dramatically elevated the tone of the contest, not only because they are the two heavyweights with the greatest Cabinet experience, but also because they have two markedly different visions of how Britain’s faltering economy should be run. So the 170,000 Tory Party members are in effect choosing the economic direction of the country as well as the new Prime Minister. It is a massive responsibility, which must be treated with measured judgment. At the heart of Liz Truss’s policy is her belief that the Government should stimulate growth through major tax cuts, funded initially by more borrowing. These would include the removal of the recent hike in national insurance, the reversal of the proposed rise in corporation tax to 25 percent, and a cut in green levies which would see the average household’s electricity bill fall by £153. Her plan, which could cost the Treasury over £35billion a year, is part of her Thatcherite philosophy of free enterprise and a limited state, which she has rather awkwardly tried to reinforce by copying elements of Margaret Thatcher’s style – including even the Iron Lady’s wardrobe.  Rishi Sunak’s approach could hardly offer a greater contrast. The Government’s priorities must be to tackle inflation, rebalance the public finances, and restore sound money. With our debt now around 100 percent of our national output, he vigorously maintains that this is not the time for the Treasury to be indulging in more borrowing. He further warns that unaffordable tax cuts would stoke inflation, which last month reached 9.4 percent. Like his rival, he is keen to invoke the memory of Mrs Thatcher, pointing out that in her famous budget of 1981, she actually put up taxes to squeeze inflation. On Saturday, he made a symbolic visit to her Lincolnshire birthplace, Grantham, where he declared there is “nothing noble or good about racking up bills on the country’s credit card”. But his warnings have not yet had much impact. Despite the widespread praise he won for his handling of the furlough scheme during the pandemic, he is regarded by many Conservative members with suspicion on several counts – including his role in Johnson’s downfall and his record of increasing taxes as Chancellor. So deep are the doubts about him that Liz Truss, remarkably, tends to be seen among the grassroots as the stronger Conservative and Eurosceptic, even though she used to be a Liberal Democrat and backed Remain in 2016, whereas he is a lifelong Tory and an instinctive Brexiteer.  One recent poll of party members put him on just 38 percent – 24 points behind Truss. Against that backdrop, some of Sunak’s supporters argue that he should move from the focus on economic policy and become more personal in his attacks on her. But that could backfire disastrously, especially given his own controversies over his colossal wealth and his wife’s tax affairs. And a personalised assault would cause lasting damage to his own party. Challenging her in debate would be far more effective. Starting tonight with the BBC’s TV joust, there will be plenty of opportunities at party hustings and other media events over the next six weeks for him to show he is a much more commanding performer than Truss, who is a rather wooden speaker. If he can build a reputation for frankness and demolish what he calls “the fantasy economics of unfunded promises” he could still have a chance of victory. That is the beauty of democracy. 