Tottenham have been seriously questioned over the size of the fee they have paid Everton for Richarlison. Spurs have signed the Brazilian for a fee that is set to rise to £60million but Tony Cascarino has raised huge doubts over the deal. Richarlison has joined Tottenham on a five-year contract, ending a four-year stay on Merseyside. However, Cascarino does not think the 25-year-old is worth the money Everton have received. Richarlison has not scored more than 13 league goals in each of his five years in England. He netted 10 times in the top flight last term, though only made 30 league appearances due to missing a number of games through injury. Former Chelsea forward Cascarino pointed out that Teemu Pukki scored 11 goals for relegated Norwich. And he does not expect Richarlison to be a good fit in north London. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee  Cascarino told talkSPORT: "He got 10 Premier League goals in a team that was fighting relegation. The team that came bottom, the top goalscorer got 11. "Now, how many penalties? Four? Four penalties. Up until January I think he'd got about three goals. He had a bit of a run at the end of the season. "I thought that was a massive price and they've done brilliantly well to get £60m. I see a player that does go down too easily. He would upset a lot of Everton fans if they were playing against him because he does go to ground, he does it very regularly in the game. "I don't know if he's a good fit, I might be wrong, I might be sitting here at the end of the season saying 'humble pie, I got that totally wrong' - I don't see it with Richarlison. I think that's a huge fee." Meanwhile, former Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere said earlier this week he is not worried about Spurs signing Richarlison and does not think he would get into the Gunners XI. Wilshere commented: "I think he improves the [Tottenham] squad, definitely. He gives them something different. DON'T MISSArsenal make Serge Gnabry transfer decision after missing out on RaphinhaTottenham chief Daniel Levy works magic again as details of Barcelona deal surfaceChelsea could deal Arsenal huge transfer blow as Thomas Tuchel 'prepares £60m bid'  "I wouldn't say I'm gutted [as an Arsenal fan]. He's 25, so he's not young. "There comes a point where he's going to have to turn all that potential into something. To be fair if anyone can do it it's probably Antonio Conte. "So I wouldn't say I was devastated as an Arsenal fan but I think he will be one to watch, he could be really, really good. "Yeah [I'd have him at Arsenal]. I don't think he gets in the XI. He definitely would challenge for it and would be a good part of the squad. But I don't think he gets in the XI." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 