Both Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella, age 7, were awarded medals as delighted Dad, Prince Albert, snapped pictures alongside official photographers. The Monegasque royal could be spotted kneeling down on the group to get the perfect shot.   The Royal children were being awarded for completing a week-long sailing program which included participating in diving and introductory rescue courses. The program also helped raise awareness about the maritime world, which was organised by the Yacht Club of London in Monaco. The Royal Monaco family was dressed up for the graduation ceremony. Prince Albert wore a navy blazer with a matching tie, while Princess Charlene wore a white open grid top and trousers by Swiss designer Akris.  Princess Gabriella wore a sequin-covered t-shirt with a picture of Daffy Duck, a cartoon character which is known to be loved by the Princess. She also wore red shorts and a backward baseball cap, meanwhile, Prince Jacques wore a Givenchy T-shirt with grey shorts. The medal ceremony may carry extra importance to the sports enthusiast family as both Prince Albert and Princess Charlene are former Olympians. Prince Albert competed in bobsleigh in the Winter Olympics for 14 years where he represented Monaco. READ MORE: Camilla's radiant 75th birthday portrait stars surprise furry friend  He has also been a member of the International Olympic Committee since 1985. Princess Charlene was a member of the South African women’s 4x100 medley team at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The Royal couple met at a swimming competition in 2000 and married on July 1, 2011. This month has been full of celebrations for the couple, as they recently also marked their 11th wedding anniversary. DON'T MISS: Prince William's telling off from Queen: 'Came charging over' [REPORT]Prince George to follow in BOTH William and Harry's footsteps [INSIGHT]Meghan’s fans furious at new book as they leap to her defence [REVEAL]  This anniversary was significant for the couple as they missed out on their tenth anniversary last year when Princess Charlene was forced to remain in South Africa after contracting a severe ear, nose, and throat infection. The couple released a new royal portrait on social media to celebrate, showing Prince Albert in a dark blue suit and Princess Charlene in a teal gown outside of the Prince’s Palace. The couple’s wedding was the first royal wedding in Monaco in 55 years, the first to occur since Prince Rainier wed Grace Kelly in 1956. The royal pair spent this month distributing beautiful thank you cards to well-wishers who wished them a happy anniversary.  An Instagram account called TheDuchessOfWonderland shared their card on social media, which was written by their Head of Private Secretariat, Christine Sprile. The card featured a picture of the royal couple taken inside the Prince’s Palace, as the picture features a marble floor, the flag of Monaco, and a royal crest. The thank you cards said: “TT. SS. HH. Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene asked me to thank you most sincerely for your kind wishes sent on the occasion of their eleventh wedding anniversary. Your thoughtfulness has been greatly appreciated by Their Serene Highnesses." 