The first season of Resident Evil has just landed on Netflix and the TV series is set years after the viral outbreak caused a global apocalypse. The series takes place in its own original universe but included the game and film storyline as its backstory. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Albert Wesker (played by Lance Reddick) and his significance.  The Resident Evil series is set across two time periods, 2022 and 2036. During scenes from the past, 2022, viewers learn about half-twins Billie (Adeline Rudolph/Siena Agudong) and Jade Wesker (Ella Balinska/Tamara Smart). Meanwhile, in the present, there are only about 15 million people surviving in walled city states. Albert Wesker is Jade and Billie's father in the series and he works as a scientist. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes fumes as Harry set to address UN Fans of the Resident Evil franchise will know he worked as a senior official within the Umbrella Corporation. Wesker injected himself with the T-virus during the early years of the pandemic. His character appears in the films starring Milla Jovovich and was last mentioned in Resident Evil: The Final Chapter. As for the games, he is first introduced in the original Resident Evil video game. Wesker was captain of the Raccoon City Police Department's Special Tactics And Rescue Service (S.T.A.R.S) unit. He appeared as one of the main antagonists throughout the game series, often betraying his allies. Lance Reddick, who plays the character in the new Netflix series, is the first black actor to take on the role. In the original films, he was played by Canadian actor Shawn Roberts. Actor Reddick is on Instagram and he was met with plenty of praise when he shared the casting announcement. He said: "Meet Albert Wesker. Brilliant scientist. Devoted dad." DON'T MISS... Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder [VIDEO]Resident Evil cast: Who stars in the Netflix horror series? [EXPLAINER]Lance Reddick on Resident Evil Netflix series as Albert Wesker [INSIGHT] One fan responded: "Oh my god what a casting choice! I will watch this." While another shared: "You're playing Wesker?! This is now a mandatory watch." In the new series, Wesker is very protective of his daughters and he will do anything to look out for them. However, the one thing he is keeping from them is the fact he is a clone. As a clone his age should show rapidly, however, he is able to slow down the ageing process by injecting himself with Jade and Billie's blood. Throughout the series, Albert is nearly exposed by a journalist, so he killed her. However, his rash actions landed him in even more trouble as he is expected of being a mole. In the end, he tried to escape New Raccoon City with his children. After Billie was bitten and became infected with T-Virus, Albert wanted to get his children out of reach. He ended up blowing up Umbrella Corps but died in the process. Some good came of it, though, as it meant his children were able to escape. Resident Evil is on Netlix now.