Daniel Levy fought hard to keep Harry Kane last summer, when Manchester City did their best to sign the England captain. And the Tottenham chairman clearly listened to Kane's words of wisdom towards the end of last season as Antonio Conte has been heavily backed this summer. Tottenham have made a statement in the transfer window so far this summer, as Conte has been given all the funds he was promised ahead of the summer. After qualifying for the Champions League, Tottenham are in a very healthy position, and they are perhaps destined to end their 14-year wait for a trophy in the very near future. Conte is one of the best managers in world football and a serial winner, but they have had one of those before. Tottenham remains the only blemish on Jose Mourinho's fantastic winning record as manager, and Levy didn't back the Portuguese boss as much as he should have. But now that they've got Conte, he's clearly learnt from his mistakes, and Kane's plea towards the end of last season also ensured that the chairman didn't waste his golden opportunity. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Tottenham have two of the most talented forwards in world football, and one of the best goalkeepers in recent history too. But for the first time since Mauricio Pochettino led them to a Champions League final, Levy is finally backing the manager to assemble a top team, not just rely on his individuals. Kane called on Levy to strengthen when they lost the Champions League final, but he was left disappointed. And now Kane isn't being let down three years later, as Conte is finally being given the tools to work with rather than using dated supplies. But he may have his prized asset to thank, as Kane said towards the end of last season: "There is still a lot of work to do. I think the improvement has definitely been there since the gaffer came in to where we are now. DON’T MISS Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen "It shows it can be done in a short space of time, but obviously we will see what happens over the summer and look forward to the next season with a great manager and hopefully we’ve learnt a lot since he’s been here. We have had spells where we were really good but it is about doing that on a consistent basis over a whole season in all competitions, not just the Premier League as well. That is where we have got to get better and learn from and for sure the last few months have been a big improvement." Kane hinted that something was happening at Tottenham, and how they are so close to taking that next step. And Levy has finally listened, while also taking into account that Conte was linked with leaving his role at times last season. If Tottenham can't deliver with Mourinho or Conte, there aren't many better options, if at all. Kane, Levy and Conte know that it's now or never, and things are looking up ahead of next season as mistakes have clearly been considered and learnt from.