Fans of Netflix's The Crown will be eagerly awaiting the next instalments, which will focus heavily on Diana, Princess of Wales. Nearly three decades on from the BBC Panorama interview with Martin Bashir, in which Diana exposed details of the breakdown of her marriage to Prince Charles, controversy surrounding the way in which the interview was obtained is under question, with the BBC recently paying damages to Alexandra Pettifer and Tiggy Legge-Bourke due to "fabricated" claims. It's been reported that the popular royal drama will reveal the "deceitful behaviour" used to secure the bombshell interview.  A source close to the Netflix drama reportedly claimed: "Season five of The Crown will dramatise events surrounding the Panorama interview, given the pivotal part it played during the time period the new series covers." Speaking to PA, they continued: "It will reflect what we now know about how the interview was obtained and how Diana was treated." The interview caused shockwaves around the globe as Diana talked about how there had been "three people" in her marriage when asked about Camilla. An inquiry found evidence that the BBC had used deceitful behaviour to enable the interview to go ahead. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out BBC Director-General, Tim Davie, issued a statement Thursday, apologising on behalf of the network. He said: "Following publication of the Dyson Report last year we have been working with those who suffered as a result of the deceitful tactics used by the BBC in pursuit of its interview with Diana, Princess of Wales for the Panorama programme in 1995, including the matters that were mentioned in court today in respect of Miss Tiggy Legge-Bourke, now Mrs Alexandra Pettifer. "The BBC has agreed to pay substantial damages to Mrs Pettifer and I would like to take this opportunity to apologise publicly to her, to The Prince of Wales, and to the Dukes of Cambridge and Sussex, for the way in which Princess Diana was deceived and the subsequent impact on all their lives. "It is a matter of great regret that the BBC did not get to the facts in the immediate aftermath of the programme when there were warning signs that the interview might have been obtained improperly. Instead, as The Duke of Cambridge himself put it, the BBC failed to ask the tough questions. "Had we done our job properly, Princess Diana would have known the truth during her lifetime. "We let her, The Royal Family and our audiences down. "Now we know about the shocking way that the interview was obtained I have decided that the BBC will never show the programme again; nor will we license it in whole or part to other broadcasters." DON'T MISS... Piers' TalkTv to host Sunak and Truss debate after Sky snub [LATEST]BBC backlash after promise to never air Princess Diana interview [REACTION]Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman dies following health battle [THEORY] Tim concluded: "It does of course remain part of the historical record and there may be occasions in the future when it will be justified for the BBC to use short extracts for journalistic purposes, but these will be few and far between and will need to be agreed at Executive Committee level and set in the full context of what we now know about the way the interview was obtained. "I would urge others to exercise similar restraint." The Crown is famous for not holding back when it comes to depicting the realities of what went on behind closed doors with the Royal Family.  Season five takes place during the 1990s, picking up where series four wrapped up. The decade was turbulent for the royals, with the most groundbreaking event being Princess Diana's death in 1997, just two years after the Bashir interview. The series remains one of the most popular Netflix shows, and fans will be interested to see how the more recent decade will be portrayed. Express.co.uk has approached Netflix for comment. The Crown is available to watch on Netflix. 