Over the years, several ‘health foods’ have been developed, and are extremely popular within the diet industry. Take avocado toast, for example, or trendy almond milk, while they seem healthy and nutritious, they can hinder weight loss efforts. Registered nutritionist Amy Shapiro and registered dietitian Maria Bella gave their thoughts on several foods. Amy explained how avocado toast has lots of heart-healthy fats. The NHS recommends men eat no more than 30g of saturated fat a day, and women no more than 20g. 100g of avocado contains 20g of fat, of which 5g is saturated. But it’s important to pay attention to the type of bread the avocado is spread on. “If you are using whole wheat bread, make sure it has at least five grams of fibre per serving,” Maria said. There is such a thing as eating too much of an ingredient thought. Amy said: “People need to avoid adding too much avocado to the toast when they are making it.” Restaurants, in particular, tend to add an entire avocado on one slice of bread instead of her recommended quarter amount. The experts suggest adding other ingredients to avocado toast, such as eggs, smoked salmon or sunflower seeds to boost the benefits. READ MORE: Paul Hollywood drops a stone eating same two meals every day “Granola can be full of healthy ingredients like nuts, seeds and oats,” Amy explained. But Maria only recommends it to clients who are “trying to gain weight because of the amount of calories one cup can have”. There are a lot of hidden sugars and fats in the granola you buy from a supermarket. It can contain on average 450-600 calories for a cup-sized serving, which is an obscene amount. Add milk and you are on your way to consuming over half your daily calories before lunchtime. Therefore, for anyone looking to lose weight, granola is not the best cereal choice. DON'T MISS...Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language [COMMENT]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT] Maria said: “The good part is that it is low in calories. The bad is that it is low in protein.” Almond milk is a great alternative for those who can’t or prefer not to consume dairy. But even though almonds are a good source of protein, almond milk is not. It is also low in calcium compared to regular milk. If you’re looking for a low-calorie milk alternative, consider almond milk. If you’re looking for high calcium or protein, then switch to another type of milk. Amy also recommends buying unsweetened almond milk because it gets rid of the added sugars. READ MORE: WW diet: The weight loss method that lets you eat favourite snacks “People often confuse juices and smoothies,” Maria remarked. “Juices discard invaluable fibre and lead to quick sugar spikes and crashes later on.” Juicing strips fruits from their fibres and leaves behind the sugars. You also have to put more fruit in the blender when juicing than you would normally eat on its own. That’s why Amy prefers her clients to eat their fruits and vegetables instead of drinking them, especially if they’re trying to lose weight. Fruits and vegetables are high in fibre and can help you feel full. Protein shakes can provide a quick form of protein for the body. Since it is in liquid form, it is digested more quickly by the body making it fast-acting. This is good for rebuilding muscles after an intense workout. If consumed as a meal, protein shakes can “help slow down the digestion of sugars,” Amy said. But, “studies show that chewing solid foods sends signals to our hypothalamus - a brain region responsible for satiety and hunger symptoms - that we are full,” Maria told The Daily Mail. “So if given a choice between drinking blended produce or eating real fruits and veggies, I would recommend the latter.” Protein shakes can also hinder weight loss.