After both her and her husband Neil started to show common symptoms, the star revealed that it was “pretty clear” that she came down with the virus before having to spend a few days in bed trying to recover. Klein first recalled feeling unwell when she first travelled back to Devon, then over a few days symptoms kept developing. At the time she shared: “It was on our return journey that I began to feel ill. “I’d had a few symptoms earlier but they were ignored in the general excitement. “I went to bed and stayed there for a few days. “Neil looked after me wonderfully as he always does but as I got better he began to feel poorly.”  DON'T MISS: Sue Nicholls: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer - 'Ugly duckling' signs  In order to remain safe from Covid last year, Klein and her husband followed guidelines in place at the time, with Klein using her passion for gardening to keep busy. Writing in her newspaper column at the time she shared: “The fact that, as the pandemic struck, primroses were starting to bloom and new shoots were bursting through the soil made it easier to cope with what was happening.” The star then went on to call herself “one of the lucky ones” as she had her husband by her side during the lockdown. The latest rise in cases is likely to be driven by Omicron variants known as BA.4 and BA.5. This threat remains even for those who have already caught Covid in the past, as experts have reported that Omicron is “poorly immunogenic, which means that catching it offers little extra protection against catching it again”.  Professor Tim Spector, Scientific Co-Founder of ZOE comments on the latest Covid data: “Our ZOE Health Study data shows the UK is in a new COVID wave that could soon exceed 300,000 daily cases, bringing us to levels seen during the height of the pandemic for the UK. “It has already overtaken previous records in Scotland. Our app based data is reassuringly in line with the ONS survey last week - but their results are lagging behind ours by up to a week. "The increase is primarily due to the Omicron BA.5 Covid variant which is now dominant in the UK. This variant is particularly good at immune escape, causing an increase in reinfections in people in spite of vaccines and natural immunity, particularly over the past few weeks. With the large numbers of festivals happening, I predict rates will continue to rise for the next week or so.” With predictions from experts, it is still too early to tell how bad symptoms will be if and when individuals are reinfected with this more aggressive variant.  However, more than two in three of all Covid patients who used the ZOE app reported suffering a headache before returning positive tests. Some even suffered a headache before breathing difficulties. In addition, the team at ZOE also noticed that people who had been vaccinated and then tested positive for the virus were “more likely” to suffer from sneezing as a symptom in comparison to those without a vaccine. Due to this they have advised the following: “If you’ve been vaccinated and start sneezing a lot without an explanation, you should get a COVID test, especially if you are living or working around people who are at greater risk from the disease." Overall, the top five reported symptoms after two jabs are: 