The publication of Prince Harry’s tell-all autobiography has been a point of concern among royal commentators since the formal announcement of the book back in 2021. The memoir had been scheduled for release by Penguin Random House in late 2022, although a recent list of upcoming publications failed to include the Prince’s book. Royal reporter Natalie Oliveri suggested the publication may have been postponed to allow for “late additions” to the autobiography following Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s attendance of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June.    She added that the publishers may be coordinating a “big surprise launch” for the end of the year, in order to draw more attention to any revelations within the memoir. Speaking to Australia’s Today Show, Ms Oliveri said: “Prince Harry is said to be releasing this tell-all book - no date was ever given for this. “We were thinking it would happen in September because that was when the publishers said - later this year, in the autumn for the UK. “Now, we think it's being delayed because it hasn't been included in a list of the upcoming books on the marketing list. “Some were saying that it has been pushed back.”    She continued: “There are suggestions that the Royal Family has potentially intervened here - I think that’s a bit unlikely. “But, perhaps we’re going to be seeing a really big launch later this year, a big surprise launch. “That’s why we haven't been actually given a date.” The royal commentator added: “He could be making some late additions after attending the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.” Read more: 'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question Penguin Random House announced the planned publication in July 2021 with the release of a statement that described the book as “an intimate and heartfelt memoir from one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time.” “Prince Harry will share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him.” The statement added: “Prince Harry will offer an honest and captivating personal portrait, one that shows readers that behind everything they think they know lies an inspiring, courageous, and uplifting human story.” Speaking of the publication deal, a statement from Prince Harry himself added: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Don't miss: Royal LIVE: Meghan and Harry destroy 'laughably ridiculous' rule [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan fear Lilibet will be ‘written out of royal history' [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Fears Meghan & Harry could unleash 'world of pain' [ANALYSIS] Following Prince Harry’s step back from formal royal duties and a series of controversial media engagements, there has been ample concern that the book could include information that would tarnish the image of the Royal Family. The Prince has given a collection of damning media interviews in the period following his relocation to America in which he has hinted at ongoing rifts between himself and leading members of the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex has made clear that he intends to use the memoir to document his shift in position over recent years as he said: “I’m writing this not as the Prince I was born, but as the man I have become.” Royal commentators have expressed concern that the publication of a memoir would offer Prince Harry a further platform to denounce aspects of royal life, including the potential release of intimate details surrounding the Platinum Jubilee engagements. Read next:Queen taking 'baby steps' to 'reingratiate' Sussexes into Royal FamilyMeghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Meghan and Harry warned Archie and Lilibet now 'valuable prey' in USHarry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuitHollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming