Research from VoucherCodes revealed Whitstable, in Kent, is the most affordable seaside getaway with the average cost of one scoop of ice cream being £2.13, a ration of fish and chips £7.83 and the cheapest pint found at £2.83. Leading savings site VoucherCodes.co.uk analysed the cost of a regular portion of fish and chips, a scoop of ice cream in a cone, a draught pint and a bucket and spade at shops in the UK’s most popular seaside destinations. Tripadvisor user @lady_britts, who recently visited Whistable, recommended Tankerton Beach: "We rented out a beach hut on this beautiful stretch of beach for the day and it really is very very lovely. "The sun was shining, the sky looked miles high and the water was twinkling under the rare UK sunshine. "The beach is made up of some very large pebbles and I found that trying to play swingball whilst wearing flip flops is near impossible. But it is a gloriously beautiful and litter-free beach with a happy friendly vibe. Fab place to spend a day!" READ MORE: Flight attendant explains 'how to ask' for free food and drinks  After Whitstable, the cheapest seaside town to visit is Margate and Broadstairs, also in Kent. The study also found the most expensive coastal town to visit. In Salcombe, Devon, a scoop of ice cream costs £3, a regular fish and chips £12.52, and the cheapest pint can be purchased for £3.95. Salcombe was followed by Dartmouth, in Devon, and Whitby, in Yorkshire, as the priciest summer spots to visit.  Whitstable Margate Broadstairs Weymouth Filey READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Salcombe Dartmouth Whitby Brighton St Ives Anita Naik, editor at VoucherCodes.co.uk, commented on the results. She said: “UK beaches have so much to offer, which is good news for day trippers and holidaymakers alike as uncertainty around travelling abroad this summer remains. “We wanted to find out which locations offer better value for money when looking at shops in each area that sell some of the more popular seaside items. "While prices in each location may vary depending on which shop you visit, from those analysed it is clear there are differences around the country so you may want to do your research before heading to the coast."