The Umbrella Academy returned to Netflix with a third season, introducing the Hargreeves siblings from a different timeline. The siblings formed The Sparrow Academy, with Sloane (played by Genesis Rodriguez) becoming a fan-favourite. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's childhood and family, including her famous father. The American actress and model began her career playing lead roles in a number of Telemundo shows. She went on to star in films including Man on a Ledge and What to Expect When You're Expecting. She rose to further fame following her recent appearance in The Umbrella Academy, as her character was different from her siblings. Sloane wanted to explore the world outside of the academy and viewers fell in love with her kind-natured character. The actress, 34, was born in Florida and her father, José Luis Rodríguez, is a Venezuelan actor and singer. READ MORE: What happened to Sloane in The Umbrella Academy? He is also known by the nickname El Puma, which translates to Cougar. José married his wife Luisa Carolina "Carol" Pérez Rodríguez, a Cuban model, in 1996. The singer and actor has recorded international hits and has starred in a number of telenovelas. He also appeared as a coach on the Peruvian and Argentine versions of The Voice. Putting his expertise to good use, he starred as a judge on X Factor Chile. The star, 79, was born in Caracas, Venezuela in January 1943. He was brought up by his mother, along with his 11 brothers and sisters, after losing his father when he was six years old. Coming from a modest background with few qualifications, he did not always have a showbiz career in mind. He may be recognised on the small screen but he is best known for his singing career. He started singing in high school, first giving serenades and then joining the group Los Zeppy. DON'T MISS... Britne Oldford: Who is the Umbrella Academy star behind Fei? [EXPLAINER] Tom Hopper wife: Who is The Umbrella Academy star married to? [INSIGHT] What is Christopher in The Umbrella Academy? [EXPLAINER] One of his friends, the composer and musician José Enrique "Chelique" Sarabia, encouraged him to record his first solo album. In September 1963 he was hired as a singer in the orchestra Billo's Caracas Boys. He got his first opportunity to perform as a soloist at the First Children's Foundation Festival in 1965. In September 2014 he revealed he was suffering from pulmonary fibromatosis, a lung disease. In May 2019, after a successful recovery, he went to the United States for his 'Grateful Tour'. As for the rest of the Sloane actress's family, she has two siblings, Liliana Rodríguez and Lilibeth Morillo. Liliana is a Venezuelan singer, songwriter, actress and television host. Lilibeth is in the same line of work, having started in the telenovela Maribel.  The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are on Netflix now.