Wimbledon players were forced to compete at the tournament without a bra, as the argument surrounding the All England Club’s strict all-white clothing rule heightened. The controversial outfit decision came at the 2014 edition of the event, and affected a number of female competitors. The archaic SW19 ruling ensures that all players on both the men’s and women’s side of the draws play in the iconic all-white kit, including undergarments and bras. Citing the ruling the official states: “Any undergarments that either are or can be visible during play (including due to perspiration) must also be completely white except for a single trim of colour no wider than one centimetre (10mm)." The kit regulation affected a number of the players taking to the grass courts eight years ago, including British star Naomi Broady. As a result, she was forced to compete in her second round match against 2018 Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniaki, who she lost to in straight sets. The 1987 men’s champion addressed the controversy at the time, slamming the decision from the All England Club as ‘absolutely ridiculous’. Speaking back in 2014 he told BBC Radio 5 Live: “Some of the girls have been told to go back and change their bras and tops because they had slight colour on them. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu slammed by fans over message she sent to Nick Kyrgios at Wimbledon  “I believe some of the girls didn’t have suitable sports bras and had to go without them. It has absolutely gone ridiculous.” During the tournament tennis ace Venus Williams threatened to lead a rebellion against the ruling by wearing animal print beneath her white kit. Despite this, the American star did reveal she was a fan of the dress code, commenting: “It’s a nice change. Everyone just kind of glows in white. Obviously not all year, because anything every day is boring. But during these two weeks, it’s nice." DON'T MISSDjokovic ex-coach takes swipe at Serb ahead of Norrie Wimbledon semiRaducanu appears to show Kyrgios support as Aussie reaches semi-finalsRafael Nadal snubbed Queen after declining rare invite from monarch This year’s tournament has also had its fair share of kit chaos, with semi-finalist Nick Kyrgios facing punishment for wearing a red cap and trainers whilst court-side. Wimbledon rules state: “Competitors must be dressed in suitable tennis attire that is almost entirely white and this applies from the point at which the player enters the court surround." After wearing his bright red Nike trainers, Kyrgios was asked why he so openly broke the rules after defeating Brandon Nakashima. The Australian responded: “Because I do what I want. I'm not above the rules. I just like wearing my Jordans.” 