Stephen Jones, 60, was sentenced to nine years for manslaughter by gross negligence today in relation to the death of Norman Butler, also 60, at the centre in Kinmel Bay, northeast Wales. The machine was "primed and ready to kill', a judge said. Recycling Cymru Ltd itself was fined £120,000 after admitting to failing to discharge a health and safety regulation, North Wales Live reports. Sentencing at Mold Crown Court, Mr Justice Griffiths said: "Norman Butler was a fit and healthy 60-year-old when he was killed by an accident at work for which you Stephen Jones, as his boss, and Recycling Cymru Ltd, were entirely responsible. He was generous, funny, compassionate and warm-hearted. "His death has left a void in the lives of his daughter, granddaughter and three brothers which no sentence can possibly ever fill. This was an accident waiting to happen. It could have happened to anyone." Addressing Jones, the judge said: "Your conduct was so truly and exceptionally bad in all the circumstances as to be criminal." A jury had found Jones guilty after a trial.  The accident happened on November 30, 2017, after Mr Butler had climbed up a conveyor belt, used for taking waste cardboard into a container at the top, where staff would go to dislodge a blockage. He was later found at the bottom of a connecting chute in a compaction chamber. His left foot had been severed at the ankle and he died from massive blood loss at the site. The judge condemned multiple safety breaches by Jones whose company had a baling machine delivering 65 tonnes of force to shape waste cardboard and paper into bales. Jones failed to train Mr Butler properly, or to ensure staff never worked alone and didn't have a guard around the hopper into which he fell. Safety paperwork was "for show" and he prioritised maximising profits over time-consuming and costly safety measures, the court was told.  The defendant, from Rhos-on-Sea, North Wales, showed little reaction as he was sentenced. He will serve two-thirds of the nine-year sentence. The judge also disqualified Jones from being a company director for nine years. Prosecutor Craig Hassall QC read out a victim statement by Norman Butler's daughter Jessica Williams which said: "My dad was a strong and devoted family man....for that to be taken away so suddenly truly broke me. I not only lost my dad but my best friend who had a heart of gold. "He always made me laugh and was always there to wipe away the tears." The court heard Recycling Cymru Ltd is folding. Richard Thyne QC, defending Jones, said the company is in voluntary liquidation. It is currently solvent but receivers have been instructed. He said it will cease to trade once Jones goes to prison. 