Cameron Norrie has opened up on his link-up with Daniil Medvedev after a career-best result at Wimbledon. The British No 1 reached his maiden Grand Slam semi-final, taking a set off Novak Djokovic, and is enjoying his new higher-profile status off the back of his heroics. Norrie had never reached the second week of a Major until his home Grand Slam earlier this month, where he made it all the way to the semi-final before falling to eventual-champion Djokovic. And the 13 is still sparring with the best as he hit with world No 1 Daniil Medvedev in Monaco recently to prepare for the North American hard-court swing. “I have been down in France with Daniil Medvedev and it’s been great,” the 26-year-old told Tennis365, touching on their new connection. “He’s my favourite player to watch. My coach is always messaging the best players to practice so hopefully, you may get more leeway with some of the top guys when you have some success.” Norrie experienced more than just “some” success at Wimbledon, and reflected on his run to the last-four. He continued: “Wimbledon was a very cool experience, making Wimbledon for the second week for the first time, and making it to the semis and having a tight match with Djokovic. JUST IN: Djokovic 'letter sent to Biden' over US Open saga as lawyers involved  “Looking back there were a lot of positive things to take from it. The biggest thing is knowing I can do it at Slams now.” Norrie will now be hoping to take his form into the US Open, having previously experienced success in America when he won the Indian Wells Masters in its postponed October slot last year. After battling with seven-time Wimbledon champion Djokovic, the Kiwi-born Brit was feeling confident about his ability but wanted to keep improving. "Especially playing in the biggest match of my career so far, to play the level I did, to start like that, against probably the best player in the world at the moment on grass anyway,” he explained. DON'T MISS Nadal defended over Wimbledon injury as Fritz downplays 'unfair' claimKyrgios issues defiant top 10 message ahead of US Open despite injuryDjokovic funding tennis star as Wimbledon phone call and role emerges  "With this Wimbledon, a lot more people know who I am now. It’s great for me. But it doesn’t change too much, I want to keep pushing, keep improving, keep trying to get towards the top of the game."  The world No 13 will be hoping to do even better at the upcoming US Open, having found the perfect training partner for the final Grand Slam of the season in defending champion Medvedev. 