More than 2,000 Conservative Party members have written to the party’s chairman to demand Boris Johnson be included as an option on the leadership ballot. The members wrote to express support for a petition organised by Tory donor Lord Cruddas and former Conservative MEP David Campbell-Bannerman. It proposes that Mr Johnson is included on the final ballot to ensure the winner has “integrity” and “the backing of the membership”. READ MORE: Petition to reinstate Boris Johnson as PM rejected by Parliament: 'Can't accept it' Speaking to The Daily Telegraph, Lord Cruddas said: “The membership wants the option of voting for Boris on the final ballot. “We think it is only fair because Boris was the members' choice back in 2019 and he has been constructively removed by the Parliamentary Party without referral to the membership. “By adding Boris to the final ballot to make it a three-horse race means that the winner will have the backing of the membership. “There will be no ambiguity around the result and the final choice of leader will have integrity.” However, the UK Government has rejected the petition on the grounds that it is "about honours or appointments.” It explained: “We can't accept petitions about appointments. This includes calling for a specific Minister to be given a, or removed from their, job. “You could have a petition calling for a Prime Minister only to be removed from office subject to a public vote, if that is something you'd like to see happen. We only reject petitions that don’t meet the petition standards.” Mr Johnson resigned on July 7 following a wave of resignations and calls for his departure from his Cabinet. DON'T MISS: Boris will STILL face Partygate probe despite quitting - and MPs could force by-election [LATEST]Thousands of angry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PM [UPDATE]Robert Peston warns race to succeed Boris Johnson a gift to Labour [INSIGHT] He will remain in his post until September when the contest to elect his replacement is due to conclude. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak have been chosen as the final two candidates in the leadership contest. Ms Truss and Mr Sunak will now go head to head in a series of 12 hustings across the country between July 28 and August 31 and two televised debates. A new Prime Minister will be announced on September 5 after around 160,000 Tory members have voted. So what do YOU think? Should Mr Johnon come back as Prime Minister? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.