Speaking on Monday's Loose Women, the former Countdown host, 61, was asked about dating multiple men. Carol Vorderman detailed how she "feels free" due to her decision not to settle down. Speaking to the ITV hosts, she explained the impact her childhood has had on her approach to her love life. As she laughed while chatting about dating several men, the maths genius explained: "What it is, is when you're growing up as a young girl, you're told that you should have one partner and for the vast majority of people, that suits. "But then as we all have women friends, girlfriends if you like, who are older, a lot of people married go, 'I wouldn't mind living in a separate house actually.' "You were talking about relationships and how they change..." Nadia Sawalha quipped: "If he could just live next door..." READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? "Yeah! It'd be perfect," Carol replied. Katie Piper praised the Pride of Britain Awards host for her "free" attitude. "I follow you on Instagram and I love it," she remarked. "You're paddle boarding, you're always outdoors and you're set free - you don't live with any fear." "I do feel free," Carol confirmed. She went on to talk about her confidence and how her upbringing influenced her attitude. "Having a single parent in the sixties, my mum remarried my wonderful stepfather, and she kept leaving him," she detailed. "So we were there one night in a lovely house, then we were in the circus, it was an anxious way to live. "I think what it gave me is, 'I can survive.' I saw my mum go through quite a lot, not by my stepfather by the way, but others putting her down because she was a single parent. "So now it’s a little bit of, 'If I bother you I don’t care.'" DON'T MISS... Ackley Bridge star opens up on Fizza Akhtar transformation [EXCLUSIVE]Cam Norrie shares 'disappointment' after Djokovic Wimbledon loss [INTERVIEW]Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder [VIDEO] Viewers took to social media to praise her lifestyle. Twitter user @Daisy2836416018 wrote: "Just seen you on Loose Women Carol and well done on your project to help young women, as well as being a free woman like me how lovely it is!" @NatEdwardsTV penned: "The gorgeous @carolvorders made a very welcome return to @loosewomen to tell us about her work with @PrincesTrust’s Brilliant Breakfast, not tying herself down to just one man and why she finally feels like a free woman." @LadyElizaDee shared: "I love Carol, she's an awesome woman and an inspiration to all young girls everywhere! #LooseWomen." "Nice to see Carol talking about women supporting women!" @CroneMark added. Carol, who has been married twice, is currently appearing on Celebrity Gogglebox alongside close friend Gyles Brandreth. The two have been entertaining fans of the show with their commentary on the week's television. She also stepped in to host Lorraine on Monday as Lorraine Kelly was diagnosed with COVID-19. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 