Travellers were hit by lengthy delays at Kent ports at the weekend after Brexit changes led to more stringent passport and border checks for those wishing to cross the Channel. However, Mr Johnson's spokesperson has denied that the UK leaving the European Union caused the queues. They said they did not “necessitate” the delays seen at the weekend. They blamed the queues on a combination of things including "a shortage of French border control staff and there was a serious accident on the M20”. The spokesperson said: "These are not scenes that we think are necessitated by leaving the European Union.  “We think we have operational procedures and processes in place that do not need to see these levels of queues.” Meanwhile, Doug Bannister - CEO of the Port of Dover - blamed border control officials, Police aux Frontières, for failing to provide sufficient numbers to staff the passport booths. The port boss said on Friday: “The cause of it is French immigration controls. We’ve been let down this morning despite the planning of the last several months to get ready for this day.” He said there had been planning for weeks leading up to the summer holiday, which was expected to be the busiest day for two years. But only four of nine booths for the French border controls for travellers leaving the UK were reported to have been staffed on Friday morning, he claimed. READ MORE: Rwanda policy backed by smugglers However, Pierre-Henri Dumont, the Calais MP, said delays were caused by Brexit and the new requirement that each UK passport must be stamped. He called it “fake news” to blame the French authorities, and also added that Dover struggled to cope with peak demand. The French transport minister Clément Beaune also tweeted on Saturday: “Mais la France n’est pas responsable du Brexit [France is not responsible for Brexit].” Dover bosses bid for £33million after Brexit to improve the port to add new passport booths, but reportedly only received £33,000 in 2020. Despite failing to secure the full investment, Downing Street claimed the port had been given extra staffing booths, more parking spaces and two further lanes for freight traffic. DON'T MISS: POLL: Is France to blame for travel chaos at Dover and Folkestone? [VOTE]Truss plan to cut taxes is right says PATRICK MINFORD [COMMENT]Brexit missed opportunity? No deal would have boosted economy £135bn [INSIGHT] Fears are growing that the congestion at Dover could become the "new normal" at weekends throughout the rest of summer. According to The Independent, which carried out a review, the typical time for a family of four to get their documents checked is 90 seconds - around three times longer than before the Brexit rules were introduced. Police are now expected to check each passport, check the purpose of the visit, stamp the passport, check the traveller has a return or onward ticket and that they have sufficient funds for their stay. Disruption may also get worse in the future when new biometric checks are brought in as part of the new European Union entry/exit system. These may require people to leave their vehicles for biometric checks similar to those in place at airports. 