Sarah Keith-Lucas desperately tried not to cough as she presented Sunday's BBC Breakfast weather forecast. As she talked about a possible heatwave she seemed visibly uncomfortable as she apologised and explained she was suffering from a cough. Her BBC colleagues Nina Warhurst and Roger Johnson praised her resilience and branded her a "true professional" for completing the update while unwell. "Excuse me," Sarah told viewers as she stifled a cough. As her voice shook, she later added: "Very sorry for my cough!" At the end of the report, Roger remarked: "Hopefully, somebody is standing by with a glass of water for you, Sarah." "That's exactly what I'm going to do!" She replied. "Well done," Roger added. "You battled on brilliantly, well done - thank you." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' "She came through it, well done, Sarah!" Nina commented. "That is a true professional, she didn't cough all throughout but she was dying to." The BBC meteorologist often steps in for the weekend instalments of BBC Breakfast, taking over from the weekday weather host Carol Kirkwood. Sarah joined the Met Office in 2007 and began working for the BBC the following year. She often gives the coming week's forecast on Sunday evening staple, Countryfile. Thankfully her cough did not bother her throughout the forecast updates that followed. Viewers took to social feeling sorry for the reporter and praised her for battling through. Twitter user @Itt39354118 commented: "Haha the poor weather woman get a drink #bbcbreakfast." DON'T MISS... Fiery Brexit clash on GB News as PM's resignation sparks question [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King opens up on wish for show [EXCLUSIVE]Carol Vorderman's brutal jibe at Gyles Brandreth 'Putting me off sex' [LATEST] @BCollier2012 added: "#bbcbreakfast Get the poor lass a glass of water." @GarethHughes555 messaged Sarah to say: "Hope you’re ok? So professional to continue." She responded: "Thanks! I usually manage to hold off a cough till the end  of a broadcast but just not today." Meanwhile, John Hall had spotted Sarah has had a busy weekend so far, sharing: "Working last night on BBC South East and this morning on BBC Breakfast. Much credit to the young lady." "Morning, good timing to start coughing," @TonyHearn14 quipped to the presenter. @paulcro72900560 added: "@SarahKLweather You looked amazing today Sarah xxx." @RockdrummerRG9 penned: "Hope you’ve sorted your cough out, great dress btw beautiful." BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.