Christine has been married to actor and comedian Paddy McGuinness since 2011, but recently their marriage has come under scrutiny after the model, 34, explained the couple were going through a hard time. Addressing the claims on ITV's Lorraine on Tuesday, the mother-of-three told Carol Vorderman marriage isn't "always plain-sailing".   As Carol, who is standing in for Lorraine Kelly, pressed Christine on her marital problems, the model confirmed things haven't been easy. "There are the bad headlines," Carol remarked. "And the press seem to be at you and Paddy at the moment. "I don't know if there is substance to that or if there's something you want to say about it, perhaps." "I think marriages just go up and down anyway," replied Christine. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "I think all marriages, especially long ones like ours - 15 years together, it's not always going to be plain sailing but we're trying to deal with things as privately as possible." She added: "We both just want to be there to support the children and give them an amazing summer. "We're going away on a family holiday next week and we're really excited about it. "So they're always going to be our focus and that's the most important thing to us." Carol, who was standing in for Lorraine, replied: "Well, I wish both of you and the family all the very best." The wife of the Top Gear star recently said she's "feeling really quite raw and all over the place”. It follows speculation about the state of their 11-year marriage after they were spotted having a row. She remarked: "What I might have put up with in the past, I probably wouldn’t put up with now, and the same for him. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans gobsmacked by pre-watershed sex scenes [REACTION]Business owner rages over heatwave debate on GMB 'Snowflakes!' [LATEST]Carol Vorderman on why she doesn't commit as she dishes on love life [VIDEO] "I can’t deny we are having a very, very difficult time." Speaking to Fabulous magazine, she continued: “It’s just — we’ve been together 15 years, 11 years married: we are gonna have ups and downs — but this situation at the minute — I don’t want to go into it too much but I will just say that I didn’t cause this situation." The couple were recently pictured looking unhappy as they reportedly had a disagreement in his Mercedes G Class Wagon, in Macclesfield, Cheshire.  Christine added: "You know, that family bond will always be there no matter what but yeah, I was a teenager when I met him and I’m a 34-year-old woman now." She went on: "So I suppose what I might have put up with in the past, I probably wouldn’t put up with now and same for him.” Christine also addressed rumours of a marriage rift with a cryptic social media post on Instagram reading “talk about trust before you talk about love". Lorraine airs weekdays form 9am on ITV. 