It was she who made Germany the catspaw of the thug in the Kremlin by making her country dependent on Russian oil and gas. As a foretaste of what could happen if Putin shuts off all that oil and gas, Russia has shut down the Nordstream One pipeline for supposed maintenance. It is hot now but winter will come and with it Germany’s habitual freezing cold. One blip in supplies and Germany goes dark and very cold. The people will simply not forgive her, nor her hapless successor Olaf Scholz, if they have to freeze in the dark in October. So Berlin is helpless, its promises to Ukraine just air. In parallel her economy plunges across the board. As if self-inflicted wounds were not enough, the mighty Rhine has weighed in. Without rain the vital artery of trade running from the deep south to the north coast is becoming shallower and more so. In patches the mudbanks are just below the keels of the freight barges and without some relief by rain will ground them in places before long. If the word “prosperous” still has any meaning, our own EU-Remoaners would be wise to re-do their sums – not that they will because fanatics never do. But the rest-of-world trade deals clinched by Liz Truss when she was in charge of overseas trade after Brexit are coming on-stream and trade is still what this island kingdom lives and prospers by. There are changes coming in patterns of world trade and thus in its centres of prosperity across the globe and the chances of us being very much part of those changes are there if we have the decisiveness to grab them.   The pointers are away from red-tape-infested EU and towards faraway new markets agog to deal with us – like India, Australia, Canada, Japan and the under-tapped wealth-sources of South America. The Remoaners cannot see it, will not see it, but the star of inward-looking Europe is slowly falling, with Germany showing the way. Other stars are rising; we should grab them and ride with them. When it comes to politicians, their claims and my choice, there is one criterion that outweighs all others in influencing the final decision. Has this candidate real track record in office? As the Tory process for finding us a new PM drags on, the race is now down to two. So let us look back. Rishi Sunak tells us that if in charge of our economy he would run it like Margaret Thatcher. But as Chancellor of the Exchequer he was in charge of it during the Covid period. And he ran it like Vivian Nicholson – who immortalised “Spend, spend, spend.” At the mint the presses rolled till they smoked, the money is now all gone (where exactly?) and we are nationally skint. Not again thank you. Liz Truss on the other hand as Minister of International Trade was the one who drove through to signature a range of valuable foreign trade treaties once we were free of the EU rules that forbade us. Of these two my choice is her. She actually gets things done.   The heat wave is still with us and must soon, if not already, deliver a drought, especially in the south. The streams are turning into trickles, the reservoirs to puddles. The rains will come – this is Britain after all – but not yet it seems. We British are spoiled by nature. We turn on a tap and expect clean, clear, treated and safe water to gush and keep gushing until the tap is turned off. It is hard to recall the billions – yes, billions, – across the globe who have no reservoirs, no pipes, no pumps and no taps; just the water they carry home in a bucket from a filthy pond. It is too much to ask occasionally that we should be sparing with our water until the skies open again. There is one very simple way to do this. The biggest dispenser of water in any household is the toilet cistern. It outranks the kitchen sink and the bathroom together. When males urinate they send two gallons of fresh, pure drinking water down the sewer to get rid of a cupful of waste. Millions of times a day across the country. That is an awful lot and there is no need. It is perfectly hygienic to flush once per four visits. Along with a hosepipe ban in the garden, yes, it will wither and then recover, these two savings could hold off the drought until the rains come again and we can go back to complaining about that instead of the heat wave. Well, we have to complain about something and the politicians are getting boring!  The Tory procedures for finding a new party (and thus national) leader crawl on and, frankly, ten weeks is far too long. The whole rigmarole is like something out of the Victorian era. Back then messages were by stagecoach, conversations face-to-face and ballots involved riding a horse to the voting booth. Most of us have moved on a bit but not the Tory procedures. Elimination from eight to two could easily have been accomplished in a week. In the age of instant TV, the iPad and the Zoom it would be possible to consult the party membership in a second week with the two candidates lengthily interviewed and final votes cast electronically. For heaven’s sake, the country is in crisis, the world is in crisis and we have a toppled PM posing in the cockpit of a jet fighter – the fastest thing he has ever been near. We have a Cabinet more concerned with media coverage and skirmishing than governing our country and a thousand unanswered questions. But the biggest one is this, with no one on the bridge and the crew playing tiddlywinks, where is SS Britain going? If anywhere.  There is a seldom mentioned QUANGO called Ofcom – the monitoring body of all communications and its job is to constantly monitor (among other things) the radio and TV diet available to us in this land. Within its duties is to see that we who pay are getting value for money. And we are not; not by a long chalk. Switch on the telly at night and go to “All Channels”. They start at One-Oh-One with BBC One. Flip through, page after page to, for example One-Sixty which is a quiz channel. See if there is anything that grabs your attention as something you might like to watch. One thing stands out amid the ultra-low-IQ garbage – sheer volume of the repeats. And I mean repeats of repeats of repeats. Some are old treasures that still elicit a giggle – I can rewatch Morecambe and Wise any time, or Dad’s Army or Fawlty Towers. But a lot are dreary old rubbish which had little lure at first screening and much less now. Or ultra-low budget documentaries made on a shoestring. The point of my plaint is that these boring programmes are retrieved from the storage shelves, long bought and paid for, and thus costing the screener not a penny. But each rescreening is accompanied by up to a fifth of its airtime in commercial adverts which seem to go on and on before the programme resumes where it left off. Thus for the greedy franchises screening this gunk they generate millions in revenue – and thus a licence to print money. The relationship between advertisers, screening franchises, TV channel and public “guardian” looks too like a cosy brotherhood to fleece us all in exchange for weary old junk that should have been binned years ago. So what is Ofcom doing? As Lewis Carroll remarked “and answer came there none.” 