Kate Middleton has been wearing polka dots to not appear too serious, a fashion guru has suggested. Miranda Holder is a stylist who has worked with the likes of Little Mix and Boy George. She said: "It's official. Kate Middleton is dotty about polka dots." Miranda, who posts her fashion tips and insights on her TikTok account, went on: "The Duchess of Cambridge is a huge fan of the print and has been spotted in polka dot dresses many times this year. "She wore dots for ascot, dots for Wimbledon, and even dots for Prince Philip's memorial service earlier this year." "But why is Kate such a fan? Polka dots portray fun, softness, and a sense of playfulness. "By wearing the print Kate is showing that she is not taking herself too seriously. "And it also looks like she's having lots of fun. Don't you agree?" READ MORE: Kate Middleton's subtle nod to Prince William wedding at premiere with Tom Cruise To attend Ascot with William and George earlier this month, Kate wore an Alessandra Rich polka dot dress, 100 percent silk with a wide collar and a peplum waist, which cost £1,335. For an even at Wimbledon a few days earlier Kate wore another Alessandra Rich polka dot dress, this time on a light blue, which costs £1,579. The Duchess wore the same brand again to Royal Ascot earlier in the year, donning a white dress with black dots. She was likened to both Princess Diana and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady in the look. Alessandra Rich made another appearance at Prince Phillip's memorial. Kate wore a black silk dress with white polka dots, £1495, to the occasion. DON'T MISSKate's 'bejewelled' weekend: 'Beautiful, intentional' hidden meanings [ANALYSIS] 'They're pretty similar': How Kate and Meghan co-ordinate at events [STYLE] Kate's latest eyebrow treatment? Brows at Top Gun premiere are 'bigger' [BEAUTY] Polka dots become popular in Europe in the mid-19th century, and is linked to the dance, the polka. The dance was so popular that, while few know how to do it nowadays, the print has endured. Technological advances in the mid-19th century meant evenly spaced, small dots could be created in fabric for the first time. This novelty is no doubt a large reason the prints took off with such fever among fashion fans. It is claimed the phrase was first used in relation to clothing in 1857 in women's fashion magazine Godey's Lady's Book. Polka dots have since been worn in a number of iconic looks. This includes Marilyn Monroe in The Seven Year Itch in 1955 and Julia Roberts in Pretty Women in 1990. Now, it seems the print is being adopted by a modern fashion ion in the Duchess of Cambridge. Miranda, who is dubbed the "Feel Good Fashion Coach", recently detailed a style "hack" used by the Duchess to make heels comfortable all day. Many may have marvelled at the royal's skill in wearing high heels, sometimes wearing them all day for royal outings. It's enough to make anyone familiar with the perils of wearing heels wince. Miranda said: "We all know that Kate is in heels a lot, often for the whole day and the evening when she's doing public events. Kate wears a special pair of tights anyone can get hold of, Miranda claimed. She said: "It's all in the hosiery. Royal ladies are meant to wear tights or stockings when out in public and Kate wears a special pair."