Thousands of fans across the UK tune in every day to Steve Wright in the Afternoon, but the DJ confirmed this week he’ll be stepping down from his daytime slot after 24 years. BBC Radio fans were furious with the decision to end the show, which will be replaced by an afternoon of music and interviews presented by fellow broadcaster Scott Mills. Hundreds of BBC listeners have taken to Twitter to complain about Steve’s decision to put an end to his afternoon radio show. He announced his departure live on air on his Friday afternoon show, though confirmed he will continue to work on radio and podcasting for the BBC. Radio 1 DJ Scott will eventually be taking over with a new show on weekday afternoons from 2pm to 4pm, with Sara Cox’s show extended from 4pm to 7pm. Scott Haynes tweeted: “Steve Wright in the Afternoon is why we listen to Radio 2. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' “His show is the definitive product for the station and as part of our culture as cups of tea or talking about the weather. “Ending his show is a terrible mistake BBC. There goes your audience.” @Miss_Average_x raged: “Well the BBC ruins everything. Just heard Steve Wright is being forced to leave his slot on @BBCRadio2. “His show is honestly what gets me through my work each day. Once he's gone, the radio will be turned off for good - only a matter of time until Ken Bruce is forced out. “BBC Radio2 You have made a huge mistake,” Amanda Langley said. “Steve Wright in the Afternoon is the best show going. You need to rethink this.” @Anthony73711815 wrote: “Utterly bizarre decision by the Radio 2 boss to replace Steve Wright with the ultra boring Scott Mills. “Ever heard him as a stand-in for Ken Bruce? He sends you to sleep. A mistake for sure.” DON'T MISS:Why is presenter Matt Tebbutt not on Saturday Kitchen? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 crashes Netflix [LATEST]BBC former deputy director hits out at bias attacks [COMMENT] @ice_crystal fumed: “I know there's been a deadly pandemic, corrupt governments taking power all over the world, a steep rise in fascism, floods, fire and pestilence, but Steve Wright being chucked off Radio 2 is the final unforgivable straw.” And Morris Lee said: “The end of the Steve Wright afternoon show is like losing all your best friends in one hit. “It is so entertaining and refreshing after the Jeremy Vine Show and the team are excellent company during any activity. BIG mistake!!” In his announcement on Friday, Steve said: “I’ll try not to become emotional or self-indulgent, this is going to be a little bit difficult. “At the end of September, I’ll be taking a break from daytime radio. In other words, stepping down from this programme. “The great news is onwards and upwards. I’m staying at the BBC and radio to do some very exciting brand new digital projects and developing new podcasts, some of which actually will feature elements of this programme Steve Wright In The Afternoon. “Anyway, all will become clear in the next few months, because we’re staying on this programme until the autumn.” Thankfully, Steve will be remaining on the show for the rest of the summer before Scott takes over. Plus, the long-standing BBC disc jockey still has plenty more projects in the works for his fans to look forward to. Steve Wright in the Afternoon airs from 2pm to 5pm weekdays on BBC Radio 2.