Boris Johnson became the Queen's 14th prime minister in 2019 following Theresa May's resignation. But it now seems the Queen will be welcoming her 15th prime minister in her Platinum Jubilee year, as Mr Johnson is expected to resign today (July 7). Buckingham Palace declined to comment on whether the Queen had received any communication with her Prime Minister on Thursday morning, according to PA. The Queen held her usual weekly audience with Mr Johnson via telephone on Wednesday evening, according to the Court Circular. The Queen is currently in residence at her Berkshire base of Windsor Castle, and Mr Johnson will eventually be expected to visit the monarch if he tenders his resignation. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan ally savages Charles over 'suspicious' plot  Theresa May outlined this would be the case after Mr Johnson won the Conservative leadership contest in July 2019. Ms May said at the time: "I am about to go to Buckingham Palace to tender my resignation to Her Majesty the Queen and to advise her to ask Boris Johnson to form a new administration." A statement from Buckingham Palace subsequently followed, which read: "The Right Honourable Theresa May MP had an Audience of The Queen this afternoon and tendered her resignation as Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury, which Her Majesty was graciously pleased to accept." Mr Johnson may remain in the top job until a successor is in place, which is expected to be by the time of the Tory conference in October.  As Mr Johnson will resign mid-term rather than lose an election, a Conservative leadership contest will determine the next Prime Minister. Exactly who will run for the top job is unclear, but Attorney General Suella Braverman has said she will stand in a contest to replace Mr Johnson as PM. Other names floated as possible contenders for the top job include Penny Mordaunt, Ben Wallace, Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Sajid Javid, Nadhim Zahawi, and Tom Tugendhat. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson LIVE: Leadership challenge shock with PM resignation [LIVE]John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant [INSIGHT]Rafael Nadal snubbed Queen after declining rare invite from monarch [ANALYSIS]  Former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, who was runner-up in the last Conservative leadership contest, could also throw his hat into the ring. After the incumbent PM has held an audience with the Queen tendering their resignation, the new Prime Minister will make their way to the Queen's residence. The Queen has the power to appoint prime ministers as the nation's head of state, and the first audience where a new Prime Minister is invited to form a government by the Queen is dubbed 'kissing hands'. The new Prime Minister will then make their way to Downing Street to start the beginning of their premiership. 