According to the NHS, having swollen ankles after taking ibuprofen could mean you have developed a kidney problem. If this is the case it advises you stop taking the drug and “call a doctor” or contact 111 “immediately”. Blood in your pee or not peeing “at all” could also indicate problems with your kidneys. Kidney problems linked to ibuprofen include chronic kidney disease (CKD). CKD is a long-term condition where the kidneys “don't work as well as they should”. “CKD can get worse over time and eventually the kidneys may stop working altogether, but this is uncommon,” the NHS says. “Many people with CKD are able to live long lives with the condition.”  READ MORE: 'Get the vaccine!' Polio survivor lost arm control 60 years after initial infection Other symptoms of CKD include tiredness, shortness of breath and feeling sick. Chronic kidney disease is “usually” caused by other conditions that put a strain on the kidneys. These can include:   The NHS says that around one in 100 people will experience “common” side effects when taking ibuprofen. These include: If these side effects become unmanageable it is worth seeking help from a doctor. READ MORE: Cervical cancer symptoms: Pain in three areas could signal the disease - ‘See your GP’  In other, more serious cases, black poo or blood in your vomit could be signs of bleeding in your stomach linked to taking the drug. Again, the NHS recommends to stop taking ibuprofen and seeing a doctor straight away in this event. As an “everyday” painkiller, ibuprofen can be taken for a range of aches and pains, including back pain, period pain and toothache. It also treats inflammation such as sprains and strains, and pain from arthritis.  The NHS explains: “It's available as tablets, capsules, granules and as a liquid that you swallow. “It also comes as a gel, mousse and spray that you rub into your skin. “Ibuprofen is combined with other painkillers in some products. It's an ingredient in some cold and flu remedies, such as Nurofen Cold and Flu. “You can buy most types of ibuprofen from pharmacies and supermarkets. Some types are only available on prescription.” 