Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are believed to be gearing up for a summer at their rural retreat, Anmer Hall, as their children’s school holidays grow closer. Prince George and Princess Charlotte’s school, Thomas's Preparatory in Battersea, breaks up on July 8 while Prince Louis' nursery, Willcocks, finishes for the summer two days before. It comes as the family are preparing to make the move from Kensington Palace to Windsor in the next couple of months. The Cambridges are expected to relocate to Adelaide Cottage, a Grade-II listed cottage near to the Queen’s primary residence, Windsor Castle. Both Kate and William have taken on more involved roles within the monarch in recent years, particularly following the stepping down of Prince Andrew and the shock exit of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Their move is believed to be in an effort to prepare William for his new role and give him the ability to assist the monarch, who has been suffering from episodic mobility issues, when necessary. Now, one royal commentator has claimed the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge may be set to tour Australia with their children. READ MORE: Kate lets slip Prince George's sweet summer holiday job as Cambridges break up from school Speaking about potential upcoming tours on last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, said: “When we might see a bigger tour… I definitely think we will see a tour of Australia early next year. And they’ve got to take the children. “They didn’t go during the Platinum Jubilee year and there’s definitely a republican sentiment growing in Australia; they’ve just appointed a junior minister for the republic. “I think this is something that the Cambridges will need to do. “And whenever the school holidays are at Easter time, I imagine they will be getting on a plane.” For over two decades, Australia’s republican crusade to replace Queen Elizabeth II as head of state has been led by only a handful of people. Peter FitzSimons, head of the Australian Republican Movement, said the group struggled to regain momentum after the 1999 referendum ended in catastrophe. In the landmark referendum to decide whether Australia would replace the Queen with a president, the "no" votes led 54.87 percent to 45.13 percent in the final count. All six states voted against the proposal. Last month, Anthony Albanese, the new Labour prime minister, facilitated Australia's boldest move in decades to sever the final colonial links to the British crown by appointing Matt Thistlethwaite as Australia’s first minister for the republic. At the time, he said: “It is the first time in the history of Australia that there will be a minister for the Crown charged with removing the Crown. “The government has officially put its weight behind this.” Mr Thistlewaite was appointed ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which represented a pivotal moment for many Australalians. He told PA: “As the Queen moves into the twilight of her reign, Australians — who have a unique cultural identity — are starting to think about what’s next for us. “Once she hands over the reins or passes away, then it will be an opportunity to answer that.” Several Commonwealth countries have indicated their intention to cut ties with the British monarchy, particularly following Barbados becoming a republic last year. In recent months, two royal tours were mired in controversy as Caribbean realms called for reparations. Both the Cambridges and Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, embarked on tours of the Caribbean. By the end of the Wessexes’ trip, two Commonwealth nations expressed their desire to become republics. While the Cambridges were accused of harking back to colonial days after they shook hands with crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Jamaica, and rode in the back of a Land Rover like the Queen and Prince Philip did 60 years ago. Jamaica’s prime minister Andrew Holness told William and Kate that his country was “moving on” and may be the next to become a republic, while a minister from Belize said it was time to “take the next step in truly owning our independence”. After returning to the UK in March, William acknowledged the monarchy’s days in the Caribbean may be numbered. He said: “‘I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future,” adding that the future was “for the people to decide upon”.