West Ham have stolen a march on Arsenal in the race for Lille's rising star Amadou Onana - according to reports. The former Hamburg star has been touted as an alternative to Youri Tielemans, but the Hammers are said to have made an offer for the midfielder. French outlet RMC Sport previously claimed the Gunners had made contact with Onana's entourage over a prospective summer switch. The Belgian midfielder only joined Lille last year but has already made 32 Ligue 1 appearances and earned his first international cap in the Nations League last month. Arsenal have already brought in Porto playmaker Fabio Vieira in a deal worth up to £34million, but rumours over a move for Tielemans refuse to go away. The Leicester City midfielder has entered the final year of his contract, and the 25-year-old is seemingly keen on a move to the Emirates Stadium. However, the Gunners so far are yet to reach an agreement with the Foxes and have reportedly turned their attention to potential midfield alternatives. Onana was said to be on this shortlist, but it appears West Ham have made the first move. JUST IN: Gabriel Jesus ready for 'new dream' at Arsenal as star posts farewell message to Man City  French title FootMercato claims David Moyes' side have made an opening offer in the region of £20m for the midfielder, who still has four years left on his current contract. Having already sanctioned the sale of Sven Botman to Newcastle United and with widespread interest reported in Renato Sanches, Lille are not keen to sell Onana in this window. The report goes on to suggest that West Ham are 'already considering increasing their offer' in an effort to force through a move. The Hammers have already brought in Nayef Aguerd and Alphonse Areola on a permanent deal this summer. READ MORE Standing at 6ft 5ins, Onana appears capable of handling the transition to life in the Premier League despite only enjoying two seasons of senior football to date. Granit Xhaka once again has been linked with an exit, with Mikel Arteta said to be keen on boosting his defensive midfield options. Mohamed Elneny and Lucas Torreira have both entered the final year of their contracts at the Emirates, with the latter just returning from a loan spell with Fiorentina. The Gunners could be tempted to cash-in on both, while Albert Sambi Lokonga struggled for starts in the second-half of the season. Arsenal finally confirmed the signing of Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus, having allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette to depart this year. The Brazil international has agreed a five-year contract in north London, and has taken the number-nine shirt. READ MORE: Leeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertainty 