Netflix’s hit series Cobra Kai came to a mind-blowing end with a season full of unexpected twists and turns. As fans await the comeback of the Karate Kid sequel, actor Paul Walter Hauser opened up about season five and hinted at his character’s future on the show.  Stingray (played by Paul Walter Hauser) made his first appearance in season two as an older Karate student. Although he was an adult, he expressed his interest in Martial Arts and his desire to join the Cobra Kai Dojo to fulfil a childhood dream. However, Stingray found himself in legal woes after he was arrested and placed on probation following a fight at the West Valley High School. After coming off probation, Stingray was served a huge blow when Sensi John Kreese (Martin Kove) banned him from the dojo. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film In an effort to regain his spot at the Cobra Kai Dojo, Stingray took on Terry Silver (Thomas Ian Griffiths). After a gruesome and life-threatening fight, the Silver offered Stingray an opportunity to return to the Dojo if he helped set up Kreese. Their plan worked out after Kreese was arrested and Silver returned to take over the Dojo. Despite this, Stingray mysteriously didn’t appear in season three of the series.  Ahead of Cobra Kai's season five release, Hauser revealed his character Stingray could make his highly anticipated return to screens. Speaking to Comic Book, the actor said revealing his episode count would undoubtedly be “a spoiler.” However, he did provide a hint about the character’s fate and stated: “I will just say Stingray might be done with the past, but the past is not done with Stingray.” With this clue, fans will have to tune into the instalment later this year to find out what this will mean for the wannabe karate kid. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [INSIGHT]Cobra Kai’s Johnny Lawrence star ‘took breaks’ from fight scene [INSIGHT]Cobra Kai season 5 theory: Tori and Danny join forces [THEORY] With Kreese also in prison based on a lie for a crime he didn’t commit, the truth will undoubtedly be revealed in season five. Due to his absence, it’s likely Stingray will return with a huge storyline, however, many will be focused on Chozen Toguchi (Yuji Don Okumoto) who was plotting against Silver. After he lied about Kreese’s involvement in a murder, Daniel LaRusso (Ralph Macchio) asked Chozen to come to America and join his fight against Terry Silver's Cobra Kai. Terry star Griffith also dropped hints about what could become of his character in season five.  He told The Hollywood Reporter: "You’re going to see the next level of Terry Silver. "It is like what the creators say, 'What if Terry had won the All Valley Karate Tournament in 1989?' “So we’ll explore that and it is fascinating.” Cobra Kai is available on Netflix. 