Sophie Valentine, a UK mum of three, told fans how she has slugs on her mind at this time of year as she tries to grow her famous prize dahlias in her garden. "I’m not going to lie," she said, "slugs are consuming my thoughts and all I can think about is how many slugs might be munching my dahlias." "Does anyone else have this problem?" the gardener asked, as she shared images of her gorgeous flowers. Slugs munch away at UK gardeners' flowers and plants indiscriminately, despite the effort put in all year to grow beautiful blooms. Sophie bemoaned how baby slugs had done damage to her dahlias sneakily, as the smaller slugs are harder to spot. She detailed how she uses a product called Nemaslug to keep slugs at bay. READ MORE: Gardening guru's guide to dealing with slugs after slug pellet ban - frogs and 'strulch' Sophie said: "The Nemaslug treatment has done a fab job of the big slugs but those teeny tiny babies are just so sneaky! "You can barely see them and they had done damage without me even noticing." Sophie hoped her flowers will be able to recover from the slug attack. She said: "I have everything crossed that some have time to make a recovery." DON'T MISSAttract wildlife into your garden (and eliminate slugs) [HOW TO] How to kill slugs: Gardener's easy tip to 'keep the population down' [EXPERT] Gardening guru's 'barrier' tip to prevent slugs eating plants [TIPS] Nemaslug is a slug prevention method using tiny organisms called nematodes. Nematodes are tiny, worm-like creatures that live in your soil and are the natural enemy of slugs. Nematodes lay their eggs in slugs, killing the creatures and preventing them from reproducing or nibbling on your plants. The tiny, tiny creatures do no harm to your garden, and help keep on top of slugs on your behalf. Other gardeners also bemoaned the slugs encroaching on their plants. One said: "I sometimes feel every gardening decision I make revolves around slugs/ The slugs are a living nightmare! First time growing zinnia and dahlias...aahahh slugs just won't let up!" Another said: "They have devastated my zinnias." Other gardeners had their own suggestions to prevent slug destruction. One shared a hack to keep slugs away with lettuce, saying, it's "the best method yet". The gardener said: "I nematode’d last night but in the interim I’ve been putting our iceberg lettuce leaves near anything I don’t want eaten and it’s definitely been the best method yet! Plants left alone but the lettuce is gone by morning." Another said: "I’m trying crushed egg shells (previously washed and baked to sterilize) as a border around plants but also right at the base of them as well. "I’ve heard it deters the snails as they won’t walk on something pokey." For dahlias, one suggested: "I grow my dahlia tubers in trays of soil, and then pot them till they are six inches tall. "Then if one tuber has two shoots I can split them. Then they go in ground quite large and slugs aren't too much trouble."