As SNP floats another independence referendum under Ms Sturgeon's leadership, the First Minister said Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain QC had agreed to ask the Supreme Court to opine on whether the Scottish Parliament had the necessary powers to hold such an indicative vote. On Tuesday, an 18-page reference intended to bring "clarity" to the table was submitted to the court. The Scottish Independence Referendum Bill, published last week, states SNP and Green ministers are planning to stage the vote on October 19, 2023. But the Lord Advocate's filing shows she lacks "confidence" that MSPs can legislate for an IndyRef2. READ MORE: SNP 'terrified to be independent' as Sturgeon wants to join EU 'straight away!' The senior Scottish Law Officer wrote in her submission: "The Scottish Government, the Scottish Parliament and the people of Scotland and the wider United Kingdom ought to have clarity on the scope of the relevant reservations on this issue of fundamental constitutional importance. "The Lord Advocate needs to have the necessary degree of confidence that a Bill would be within devolved competence in order to 'clear' such a statement. "In the present case, the Lord Advocate does not have the necessary degree of confidence." The Lord Advocate also clarified any referendum held next year would not be legally binding, but simply indicate the will of the Scottish people on the matter. DON'T MISS'On a different planet!' – Ross erupts at Sturgeon as SNP claims torn apart [UPDATES]Nicola Sturgeon should NOT be given IndyRef2 – 'Already had one' [POLL]'Do a Catalonia and end up in PRISON!' – Sturgeon goaded over IndyRef2 plans [LATEST] She wrote: "The Bill does not stipulate what should happen in response to the result. "The Bill provides only that the referendum should be held. "Consequently, as a matter of law, the legal effect of a referendum held pursuant to the Bill would be nil." Last week, an update from the Supreme Court said the reference would be put before Supreme Court President Lord Reed of Allermuir, who will decide when the case will be heard, if preliminary matters are to be discussed, how many justices will consider the reference and which justices will sit on the bench.