Attendance Allowance is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and offers financial support to Britons of state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. The total amount available each month for successful claimants is £370. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, campaigners are reminding Britons to check what extra benefits they may be entitled to . Around £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK so people should use the Government benefits tool to check what they may be entitled to. One of the most under claimed benefits is Attendance Allowance. Around 3.4 million pensioners are missing out on this extra cash boost each month. Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have reached the state pension age - which is currently 66 - who have a disability or condition that affects their everyday life.  READ MORE: NHS prescriptions: Britons could slash their medication bill by £28.39 each month Attendance Allowance is split up into two weekly rates. Pensioners will be able to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Claimants on the highest award could be eligible for £369.60 each month. Someone can spend the money however they choose and it could help them stay independent in your own home for longer. This might include: Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so someone can’t have money taken away from any other benefits. To make a claim, Britons will need to complete the application form online, over the phone, or through the post. More details can be found at the Government website. Britons won’t be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already get PIP or DLA to pay for their care. Those claiming the DWP payment could also be eligible for additional support through benefits such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction. Any money received from Attendance Allowance will be paid directly into the state pensioner’s bank or building society account.