Better Call Saul's final season will come to a conclusion on AMC and Netflix later this year. The premiere launches on AMC and Netflix on July 11, and six episodes will air. The series finale will drop on August 15 and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the new episodes are out. The Breaking Bad prequel series has seen former con artist Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) embrace his criminal defence attorney alias, Saul Goodman. The show first aired in 2015 and the sixth season has been earmarked as the show's final outing. Season six is made up of 13 episodes, with the first seven airing from April 2022. Fans have had to wait a couple of months for the crime drama to make a comeback. Thankfully, they do not have much longer to wait for the final six instalments. READ MORE: Better Call Saul: Bryan Cranston teases Walt and Jesse cameos The premiere of season six, part two will air from 9pm Eastern Time on Monday, July 11 on AMC. This means there will be a release time of 8pm Central and 6pm Pacific Time. The eighth episode of the season will also be released on the AMC Plus streaming service at the same time. The series is maintaining its regular AMC slot, which changed from 10pm after season three. Each of the following episodes will air at the same time on Mondays ahead of the August 15 finale. As for fans who watch the series on Netflix, the part two premiere will air on Tuesday, July 12. Fans in the US should have access from midnight, with those in the UK able to watch from 8am. As is the case with AMC, the Netflix episodes will be aired weekly. Unlike with the season premiere, there will only be one episode released for the show's July comeback. The titles of the final six episodes have not been announced ahead of their release. DON'T MISS... Better Call Saul season 6: Why Kim lied about Lalo exposed [INSIGHT] Better Call Saul’s Giancarlo Esposito teases Gus Fring prequel [INTERVIEW] Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn exposes a foreshadowing Easter egg [INSIGHT] Episode eight will see an unexpected visitor forcing Jimmy and Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) to face the consequences of their actions. The season's synopsis says: “The final season concludes the complicated journey and transformation of its compromised hero, Jimmy McGill, into criminal lawyer Saul Goodman. “From the cartel to the courthouse, from Albuquerque to Omaha, season six tracks Jimmy, Saul, and Gene as well as Jimmy’s complex relationship with Kim, who is in the midst of her own existential crisis. "Meanwhile, Mike, Gus, Nacho, and Lalo are locked into a game of cat and mouse with mortal stakes.” The showrunner Peter Gould said it was one of the most nail-biting hours of the series. He went on to tell TV Insider: "Some episodes have some of the biggest laughs we’ve ever had on the show. "The hope is that you’ll see these left turns and also think, ‘There’s no other way that could have gone.’ "By the time we’re done, you’re not going to see Breaking Bad the same way.”  Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 airs on Netflix on July 11.