According to the Daily Mail's Diary Editor Richard Eden, Prince Harry has gone through a "transformation", particularly "since he got married" to Meghan Markle in 2018. Speaking on the latest episode of Palace Confidential, Mr Eden discussed the Duke of Sussex and his tranformation from his "always laughing" self to appearing "unhappy" with host Jo Elvin.  Mr Eden told Palace Confidential: "He does often look unhappy. "When you contrast that just, sort of, you know Google pictures of Harry with, when he was with William and Catherine back in the day. "He was always the one who was smiling, joking, and laughing." He noted however that the Duke has often expressed a dislike for media photographers and could be pictured with an unhappy expression whenever confronted with them. READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned against suing Tom Bower over bombshell book 'Best she doesn't' Ms Elvin recollected how Harry was always referred to as the "party prince" within the media. Mr Eden concluded: "It really has been a transformation since he got married." Speaking of the body language between Harry and William during the Commonwealth Games in 2014, expert Judi James touched upon the bond of the once-close brothers. Speaking to the Mirror, Ms James said: "When there are people sitting in between them, the acute, mirrored angle of lean that Harry and William perform to allow themselves to have closeness and a more intimate conversation suggests they’d be happier sitting together having playful fun. READ MORE: Prince Harry brutally mocked by US Supreme Court judge over blistering speech 'Wounded me' She described Harry as "very much the animated comic" who will "go out of his way to make his brother and sister-in-law laugh." Despite no longer being senior members of the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan returned to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. Upon returning to the US after the celebrations, Ms James claimed that compared to his usual past self, the Duke was looking particularly downcast. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] She told The Mirror: “He might be holding a phone to his ear but if so, his conversation isn’t looking animated or upbeat. "And if not his hand-to-chin gesture would add to the look of quiet reflection.” The body language expert added that Harry’s expressions while in the car suggested an "air of reflection and sadness". READ NEXT: