Chelsea must be beginning to fear that history will repeat and that manager Thomas Tuchel will fall out with the Blues hierarchy. Tuchel has shared tense relationships with backroom staff at former clubs Mainz, Borussia Dortmund and Paris Saint-Germain, and there is evidence of a similar frustration starting to boil away at Stamford Bridge. A frustrating summer transfer window has prompted Tuchel to publicly tell new chairman Todd Boehly that he desperately needs new signings. Despite requiring several additions ahead of the upcoming Premier League campaign, only Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly have arrived. After Chelsea were thumped 4-0 by top-flight rivals Arsenal on Sunday, Tuchel bemoaned: "My analysing of the season does not change because of this game. Unfortunately, it proved my point. The last week proves my point. I would absolutely prefer not to be right. "I did everything to prove myself wrong but at the moment I feel that I was right. I look at the last season and parts of the game where we struggled, parts of the season where we struggled, and then we got sanctioned and players left us and some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. "So we had an urgent appeal for quality players, a huge amount of quality players. We got two quality players but we are not competitive like this. Unfortunately you could see it today." JUST IN: Jules Kounde clause 'favours Chelsea' in unpredictable transfer battle Tuchel had coached at three professional clubs before joining Chelsea in January 2021. He fell out with senior figures at each. The 48-year-old is one of Mainz’s most successful coaches, leading them to ninth and fifth in his first two campaigns. But tensions with the club’s board began to grow and he eventually resigned in May 2014 over a lack of transfer funds. The German later said he "couldn't see how [the team] could reinvent [itself] once more the coming summer." Tuchel was then appointed by Borussia Dortmund following the departure of Jurgen Klopp. Once again, though, his tenure was marred by disagreements with CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke and chief scout Sven Mislintat. The former once described Tuchel as a “difficult person” to work alongside, while Mislintat was effectively barred from the training ground following a fiery row with the head coach. Tuchel expressed annoyance with the club’s transfer activity and players were reportedly signed without his approval. Fractured relationships with some of the key stars also led to his downfall, and he was sacked in May 2017. DON'T MISS...Barcelona can claim fourth and fifth Chelsea transfer winsChelsea star 'wants exit' as Tuchel suffers blow after Kounde decisionChelsea have 7 players who may feel Tuchel's wrath after Arsenal loss Despite very public spats at his two previous clubs, PSG hired Tuchel ahead of the 2018-19 campaign. But the same issues became clear very quickly. Sporting director Leonardo reportedly signed a defensive midfielder - Danilo Pereira - and ignored Tuchel’s plea for a central defender. Tuchel responded by using Pereira as a centre-back. As many PSG bosses have found, it might be the hardest job in European football. The dressing room is full of big-money stars with strong personalities, with Tuchel describing his time at the club as more akin to being a “politician”. Leonardo later claimed that the comment was disrespectful. Tuchel now finds himself with a similar issue at Chelsea. The Blues must start making more signings to ensure their head coach remains. Boehly could otherwise have the difficult job of finding a new manager at the start of his stewardship.