Details about Harry's difficult relationship with his grandmother's closest adviser, Sir Edward Young, were revealed at the High Court. The prince, 37, is seeking a judicial review of the 2020 decision to deny him and his family protection. The Duke of Sussex has blamed Sir Edward for failing to pass on his offer to pay for police guards himself, rather than the taxpayer footing the bill. The decision to downgrade Harry's protective status was made by the Home Office-supervised Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures (Ravec). Harry, who now lives in California, argues it is not safe for him and his family to return to Britain - although they attended the Platinum Jubilee. In written evidence, Harry's lawyer, Shaheed Fatima QC, said he was not given the chance to make "informed representations beforehand". She added: "There were significant tensions between the claimant and Sir Edward Young." Ms Fatima said Harry mistakenly thought his arguments had been passed to Ravec before the decision was made. She said: "He does not know what else - as communicated by him to the Royal Household - was not fully, timeously conveyed to Ravec. "He was deprived of the opportunity to comment on the appropriateness of Ravec's process [and] the involvement of certain individuals...prior to the decision being made. "It is arguable that, if there had been a fair process, Ravec would or could have reached a different decision." In April, Harry aimed a veiled swipe at Sir Edward when he told a US TV interview he went to see the Queen at Windsor Castle to ensure she was being advised by the "right people". Sources say he blames Sir Edward for the Queen's refusal to let him and wife Meghan, 40, be part-time royals. Home Office lawyers say Ravec was entitled to decide Harry's security would be considered on a "case by case" basis. Sir James Eadie QC said any tensions between Harry and the Royal Household were "irrelevant" to his status change. Mr Justice Swift will give his decision on whether to grant a judicial review at a later date.