Opening the show, Helen Skelton, 38, asked co-host Martin Hughes-Game if he would be resigning after MPs Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid stepped down from their ministerial roles on July 5 following Boris Johnson's handling of Chris Pincher. Poking fun at the Prime Minister, the stars of the Channel 5 show quipped about "everyone leaving" while the fallout of the resignations continues in parliament.     As the programme started, Helen announced: "It's that time again, 8pm on Tuesday the fifth of July and we are here, live in Barnsley at Cannon Hall Farm for another night of fun on the farm." She continued: "Martin's come back for another day," before asking her colleague: "Just got to get it out of the way quickly, Martin, are you going to resign?" "Well, no Helen, I'm considering my position but I've decided to stay on for just another day," Martin, 66, replied - a clear hit at the Prime Minister who has faced calls to resign for some time. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist "Are you sure? Because everyone else is going..." Helen joked. "Are they?" Marin asked, before Helen asked everyone around her if they'd be leaving. "Jay, are you going to resign?" She called. Jay could be heard replying: "No." She then added: "Cameraman Steve, are you going to resign?" The camera shook in a "no" motion and Helen remarked: "We're still here!" "We're still here, of course!" Martin added, before the two moved on with the show. It comes as another turbulent day for politics unfolds as the Chancellor and the Health Secretary quit their roles. The pair have both cited privately being unable to support the Prime Minister after months of scandal including partygate and now the Chris Pincher row. DON'T MISS... Miriam Margolyes brands Leonardo Di Caprio 'A bit smelly' [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh consoles The Chase player after disastrous cash builder [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Jean in fresh heartbreak as Harvey rejects her [THEORY] Sajid Javid said in his statement that the British people "rightly expect integrity from their Government". Mr Javid wrote: "It was a privilege to have been asked to come back into government to serve as Secretary of State for Health & Social Care at such a critical time for our country." But, he added: "We [Conservative party] may not have always been popular, but we have been competent in acting in the national interest. Sadly, in the current circumstances, the public are concluding that we are now neither. "The vote of confidence last month showed that a large number of our colleagues agree. "I regret to say, however, that it is clear to me that this situation will not change under your leadership and you have therefore lost my confidence too." Mr Sunak announced his resignation shortly after, breaking the news on Twitter. The latest Downing Street chaos has led to further questions about Johnson's stability as Prime Minister following a continuous public outcry and previous Parliamentary resignations. Summer on the Farm airs weekdays at 8pm on Channel 5.