The eccentric actress, 81, appeared on Monday's This Morning, where host Holly Willoughby asked her about her role in 1996 movie Romeo and Juliet, which she starred in alongside Leonardo DiCaprio, who played Romeo. She admitted she found the 47-year-old, who was then 21, "a bit smelly" before going on to explain she'd advised a young boy who works for the ITV programme he needs to "wash every bit." During their conversation, Holly commented: "In one of my favourite films, Romeo and Juliet, you worked with Leonardo DiCaprio, who you had a great relationship with." "Oh yes," the Harry Potter star replied, smiling fondly. "You thought he was wonderful, you went shopping together," Holly remarked. "I mean he looked gorgeous back then, but he didn't necessarily smell so great?"  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist "He was a bit smelly," Miriam confirmed. "Because it was very hot in Mexico. "And I think young boys - and he was very young at the time - they don't make themselves fragrant, you know? "They don't wash all the bits. I was telling the lovely boy, Dylan, who looks after me here, that he's got to wash... you know, every bit." Bursting out laughing, Holly admitted: "I don't think he'd be delighted you said that on the telly." "Strangely, Dylan's just handed his notice in," Phillip joked. Holly couldn't speak from laughing as she threw her head back and chuckled at the actress' blunt comments. Viewers watching the interview were also shocked by the star, who is well-known for her comic remarks. Twitter user @Simy_78 suggested: "Could Miriam Margolyes be a guest on #ThisMorning every day going forward, please and thanks." DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh consoles The Chase player after disastrous cash builder [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Jean in fresh heartbreak as Harvey rejects her [THEORY]Eamonn Holmes on element of GB News he 'wished I didn't have to show' [LATEST] @Sparkle10091250 commented: "Miriam what a legend love her #ThisMorning don’t ever change." @Cherrybabe666 added: "Absolutely love Miriam Margolyes, I’ve just ordered her book, I cannot wait to read it now! #ThisMorning Miriam definitely needs her own show on tv, she’s so funny!!" "Miriam Margolyes. That’s it. That’s the tweet. #myanuscontracts #ThisMorning," penned @hollywillslove. @samuelssquared wrote: "Life is s*** at the moment.....oooh... Miriam Margolis is just bloody brilliant!! #thismorning." @ResidentJobber shared: "Loved Miriam, she doesn't take life too seriously and plainly doesn't give a s*** about anything #ThisMorning." Miriam was also forced to make an apology after swearing during the interview. Notorious for her colourful language, the actress remarked: "The whole thing is s*** at the moment, it's terrible, it really is," before Phillip and Holly said sorry to viewers. As Miriam realised her blunder, she added: "Oh I am sorry, I've let myself down." This Morning airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.