While it's important to do the odd maintenance job and ensure your garden has plenty of water, the best thing you can do is spend time outside, according to experts. Marc Kerr, co-founder of So & Mo, the UK's first subscription lawn care brand, has exclusively shared with Express.co.uk a few easy tips to get the most out of your lawn this month – so if your lawn isn't looking like the centre court at Wimbledon, there's still time to serve up a perfect grass court in your back garden. As the weather warms up across the country, lawns may be looking a little worse for wear. Dry, hot weather can turn lawns from looking green and vibrant to dusty and brown. Marc explained that it is “important” for gardeners to water their grass if there is not regular rainfall. But when is the best time to water lawns? READ MORE: Use sugar to ‘improve the health’ of your grass and ‘boost greenness’ The expert said: “You can water your garden first thing in the morning before the sunrise, but we think evening is the best time when the sun is at its lowest. “If you water your garden in the midday heat, the water won't soak into the soil. “It will evaporate and increase the chance of scorching your lawn (but only on a sweltering day).” Like all the plants in your garden, the grass is susceptible to drought. DON'T MISS: ‘Kitchen faux pas’ to avoid when designing space - ‘huge impact’ [EXPERT]How to remove limescale from shower heads using baking soda [TIPS]How to remove oil stains from block paving using laundry detergent [COMMENT] Over the summer, particularly in July, look for brown patches on your lawn, which is a sign of drought stress. With increased heat and a lack of water, the root system struggles, and the grass loses its healthy green finish. To combat this, Marc said: “For a well-established grass, you should be watering it fairly regularly in the summer. “If your lawn looks brown and dried out, you can use a garden fork to create pockets of air beneath the soil, and when you get the hosepipe out, the water will fill the space to help the water reach deeper.” In June, Marc recommended that gardeners cut as regularly every three to four days during the “growing season” as this encourages the grass to grow thicker and healthier. However, as the UK is into the hottest part of the year, the expert recommends that “cutting once a week should be plenty”. The lawn pro also noted how gardeners can switch up their lawn patterns when mowing this month. He explained: “The best thing about lawns in the summer is that you can try shaping your lawn into different patterns. “If stripes aren't your thing, you might want to go for a diamond shape of diagonal lines to make your lawn look bigger.” Those who have any unusual contours in their garden can mow around them to create an effect. Marc warned: “If you try and cut straight across a contour, you'll 'scalp' your grass and undo your hard work.” July can also be a great time to give an organic boost to your garden. The lawn expert said: “If your garden is looking in need of a summer pick-me-up, So & Mo's Organic Booster will help your grass recover. “Made up of a unique combination of macro and micronutrients, wetting agents and biostimulants, it will give the root system the vital nutrients it needs to survive hotter, dryer conditions."