The Duke and Duchess of Sussex relinquished their roles as working members of the Royal Family on March 31, 2020 when they moved from the UK to Meghan Markle's hometown of Los Angeles with son Archie. But since their move, Prince Harry has rarely stepped back onto home soil, spending much of his new life away from being a working royal with his young family in the US. In April 2021, he made his first return to Britain for the funeral of Prince Philip. He then made two further trips - for Prince Philip's funeral in April and the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. But it means Harry has in fact only spent 12 days in the UK, which translates to around 1.4 percent since his last engagement as a working member of the Royal Family, according to commentator Daniela Elser. She wrote for the New Zealand Herald: "Harry himself has spent about 12 days in the UK (his brief trips for Prince Philip's funeral, the unveiling of the Diana statue and the Platinum Jubilee) over the past two and a half years (or the 850-odd days since his final engagement as working member of the royal family), and his family, a grand total of four days. "That translates to 1.4 per cent (again, very approximately) of the Duke's time has been spent in the UK since the couple triggered the sonic boom that was Megxit." At the start of 2020, Harry and Meghan announced plans to "step back as senior members of the Royal Family" and split their time between the UK and North America. They said in a statement: "After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution. "We intend to step back as 'senior' members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen." Just weeks later, Buckingham Palace confirmed the couple would officially not be returning to their royal roles. READ MORE: Harry 'now regrets' huge Meghan Markle gamble as fears for Prince But in March 2021, Harry and Meghan sent shockwaves throughout the world after sitting down for a bombshell TV interview with chat show host Oprah Winfrey. The Duchess of Sussex Meghan claimed there were “concerns and conversations” from within the Royal Family about the skin tone of the couple's son Archie ahead of his birth in 2019. She also said since joining the Royal Family, she had been suffering from mental health problems, including having suicidal thoughts. Prior to their return for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month, a new poll showed the couple's popularity in the UK had suffered a dramatic slump. DON'T MISSOwen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [COMMENTS]Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REPORT]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [VIDEO] The YouGov poll, quizzed 1,692 UK adults from May 18-19 and asked whether they held a positive or negative opinion of each of the key royals analysed. Harry's favourability score has dropped to -26, meaning 32 percent of the people surveyed see Harry in a positive light compared to 58 percent who think of him negatively. In a similar poll carried out from March 16-17, the Duke of Sussex had scored -25. Meghan's popularity rating also fell when comparing the most recent results of the YouGov poll to the one conducted more than two months earlier. The favourability score for the Duchess of Sussex has fallen from -39 to -42. Among the Britons interviewed by YouGov in the most recent poll, less than a quarter (25 percent) said they had a positive opinion of Meghan against 63 percent with a negative one.