Chelsea are set to move on to other transfer targets following Leeds star Raphinha's decision to join Barcelona. With the La Liga giants having finally agreed a fee with Leeds for the winger which could reach £63million, the Blues must now look elsewhere for similar talent in the transfer market. Express Sport takes a look at five alternative targets. Antony Antony has been linked with a move from Ajax to the Premier League for quite some time now, albeit most commonly to the famous red and black of Manchester United. The Brazilian is undoubtedly the most similar talent to Raphinha on this list, and shows many similarities to the Leeds winger when he first moved to the Premier League. Also Brazilian, Antony is mercurial, left-footed, still young and with a point to prove in a top league. United reportedly had a £50m bid rejected for his services, with Ajax holding out for around £71m instead - and with Chelsea missing out on Raphinha at around the same price, they could opt for what is near enough a like-for-like replacement. Luis Alberto 29-year-old Alberto has already featured in the Premier League in the past, although since his last outing in 2014, the Spaniard has really come into his own at Lazio. The Sevilla academy product joined the side from the Italian capital for just £3.5m from Liverpool six years ago after making just 12 appearances in all competitions for the Reds. But with 40 goals and 60 assists in 219 games for the Biancocelesti, Alberto could provide goal threat as well as creativity at Stamford Bridge. Nicolo Zaniolo Likewise, the Blues could take a punt at Lazio's main rivals Roma in a swoop for starlet Nicolo Zaniolo. The 23-year-old has already played 111 times for the side he joined as a teenager, but an injury halted his progress as he burst into the Italian national team. Juventus have been linked with a bid for his services. Chelsea would be more than able to pay the £35m fee being touted for the attacking midfielder. Giovanni Reyna Thomas Tuchel knows Borussia Dortmund well due to his time at the club from 2015 to 2017. Most of their young attacking talents have departed in recent years, with Jadon Sancho, Erling Haaland, Alexander Isak and Ousmane Dembele leaving - and Reyna could follow suit. Donyell Malen and Karim Adeyemi have arrived in the past 12 months and could be next on the conveyor belt, meaning Dortmund may be willing to sanction Reyna's exit. Maxwel Cornet Perhaps a player that is not as talented as Raphinha, Cornet still almost single-handedly carried Burnley to survival last season and at £17.5m would represent a low-cost option for the Blues. His nine goals in just 26 Premier League games in a poor Burnley side was a strong return, and the Ivorian might flourish in a better team. Capable of playing across the front three and down the left-hand side including as a left-sided wing-back, Cornet has the kind of versatility that could prove beneficial to Tuchel next season if they activate his release clause.