One expert has recommended two fruits specifically that have a high water content and could keep you safe during a heatwave. Superintendent pharmacist for online doctor FROM MARS, Navin Khosla, shared his top tips with Express.co.uk. He explained: “Staying hydrated is the key to feeling fit and healthy during these hot periods, and you shouldn’t be taking drinking water for granted in a heatwave - it really is essential. “I would try to recommend drinking 20 percent more than your usual intake, replacing the consumption of tea, coffee, alcoholic beverages, and sugary drinks with water. “This change may not be to everyone's taste, so you could add flavour to your drinks through fruits, whilst milk and smoothies are also good options to help replenish a lack of fluids.” He advised eating nectarines and melons to keep healthy. “Eating can be a struggle during a heatwave as the body craves fluids more than anything in these conditions, but there are plenty of options to supplement this need for water,” he said.  READ MORE: Covid symptoms: The ‘top’ warning sign now reported in 58% of new cases - latest data “Fruits such as melons and nectarines are some of the most hydrating fruits and are great to eat during a heatwave as they are rich in fluids. “Nectarines contain around approximately 85 percent water, whilst - unsurprisingly given its name - watermelon contains approximately 92 percent water, meaning they are great for hydrating.” The fruits have other benefits too. He added: “They are also packed with nutrients such as potassium, and vitamins A and C.   “Vitamin C can help support immune health by boosting the output of white blood cells as a defence against infection. “Other hydrating fruits include peaches, berries and grapes.” Navin also backed the consumption of leafy greens like spinach and spicy foods in hot weather. He shared an “important” way to check you are not dehydrated.  READ MORE: Bowel cancer: The symptom that can be 'worse at night' - may come as a 'shock' “Some of the advice I can give you is perhaps more forthright, and I cannot stress enough the importance of checking your wee,” he commended. “This may not be a common thought for most people, but the colour and smell of your urine is a key indicator when it comes to dehydration, and it should become apparent to you if it is dark yellow in colour and strong smelling.” Other signs of heatstroke include:  If someone is showing signs of heat stroke the NHS recommends: Moving them to a cool place. Get them to lie down and raise their feet slightly. Get them to drink plenty of water. Cool their skin – spray or sponge them with cool water and fan them. Cold packs around the armpits or neck are good, too. 