Fern Britton, 65, left her fans worried after she tweeted that being human was “so exhausting”, with many advising the popular author to rest up. It comes as the star recently opened up about her painful arthritis worsening in her 60s. Taking to Twitter in view of her 116.3k followers, Fern wrote: “Why is being human so exhausting!” Charmaine replied: “It’s the other humans around you that make life so exhausting ....” Jamie added: “Because we currently have a profits before people situation going on”. Sarah told Fern: “It will pass, deep breaths, one foot in front of the other, cuddle your dear kitty and have a cuppa xxx”. “Suspect being inhuman would be worse! Sending love,” added Katie. Martin typed: “It beats the alternative, the wrinkles make the journey more interesting x”. In another tweet, Fern hinted at the issue that had caused her upset. “If your company bothers to have a CUSTOMER SUPPORT button on its website, please make sure it gives the Customer SUPPORT,” she wrote. “I don’t want an android swizzling me around to the same non helpful answer … #EVRI you haven’t been going for more than 5 minutes and you are sh**e already”. In a recent interview, former This Morning host Fern revealed her painful arthritis is only getting worse as she grows older. She sometimes struggles to get back up if she sits on a particularly squashy sofa. The TV presenter-turned-author was speaking on the Postcards from Midlife podcast, when she was asked what life was like in her seventh decade. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes claims he left This Morning with his reputation damaged [INSIGHT] Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [UPDATE] 'Shady ladies' Amanda Owen shares family update amid Clive split [PICTURES] “It’s good, it’s a little bit more distilled even, than the feeling in the 50s,” she replied. “I am 65 next month, and suddenly I’ve got a bit of arthritis in my knee, a bit of arthritis in my shoulder, and I’m starting to feel that age. “I’m going, ‘No no no no no!’ I’m finding it a bit difficult sometimes on very squashy sofas,” she laughed. “You just have to tell yourself it’s all good. “I was actually planning my 70th birthday party the other day, and my girlfriend said to me, ‘Why don’t you just do that this year?’ “But I want to have a 70s night, so lots of 70s music, real disco diva stuff, fish and chips for everybody and bottles of beer.” Fern has previously left fans worried about her after some nasty health scares, including when she contracted potentially deadly sepsis. She’d had a routine hysterectomy, but was left in agonising pain - thankfully saved by swift medical intervention.