Appearing on BBC Breakfast, the 26-year-old Wimbledon star admitted he was "disappointed" at his semi-final loss against Novak Djokovic on Friday. Speaking to Sally Nugent and Nina Warhurst, he told BBC viewers he had learned from the match and would take lessons on board for the future.  As Nina asked how he keeps his cool under pressure, Cam explained he intended to make the most of the experience. "Yeah, for me, I'm 26 years old, I'm playing in the Grand Slam semi-final. "And I'm thinking, 'I want to give myself the best chance I have and I'm going to compete as hard as I can.' "'I'm going to take it point for point, go toe-to-toe with this guy,' and I didn't want to kind of look back after the match and be like, 'Oh I have some regrets and I wish I had a better attitude and I wish I'd been a bit more...'" READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? He continued: "But I think I can leave that and think I competed as hard as I could and enjoyed it and I'm obviously disappointed to come away with the loss. "But I can definitely learn from it and pull from that experience in another bigger match down in my future career. "And I think there's hopefully gonna be a lot of bigger matches than that one. "And I can use that one and there's a lot of good experiences and a lot of good feelings to take from that." "Great," sports reporter John Watson commented. "Semi-finals this year, it'll be the final next year Cam, won't it? Never in doubt." "Exactly, I'll hopefully go one more - two more," the sportsman replied. He continued: "There's obviously a long way to go, but I'll take it." "Brilliant - great stuff," responded John. "It was awesome watching you and best of luck for the rest of the season." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Tyrone killed as Phill learns the truth [LATEST]BBC Breakfast presenters 'shed a tear' for Sue Barker over last match [VIDEO]Sunday Brunch viewers fume over dinosaur segment 'guesswork' [REACTION] "Thanks a lot, guys, appreciate that," the Wimbledon semi-finalist replied. Norrie took on Djokovic in his maiden Grand Slam semi-final in front of a packed Centre Crowd on Friday, starting strong before he was defeated in four sets after more than two hours. After his Wimbledon run came to an end, the South Africa-born Brit shared his plans for the coming days as he admitted he might have to make a schedule change. While he had nothing lined up, he knew who he would be spending time with over the next few days after his friend from New Zealand spent two days flying in for his semi-final, two years after they last saw one another. Norrie explained: "I'm not really too sure. I have no plans. One of my best friends from New Zealand, he said at the beginning of the tournament if I made the semi-finals, he was going to fly out. "He flew for two days now. He got here today. I'm going to probably hang out with him for a couple of days. "Haven't seen him in a couple of years. Good effort from him. He stuck to his word, so... "(I'll) catch up with him and then see with my team where I'll play next." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.