The world was shocked when it was revealed that Michael Fagan, an unemployed father, managed to break into Buckingham Palace on July 9, 1982, and spend 10 minutes talking to the Queen in her bedroom. The Queen managed to alert a footman calmly to the intruder in her private quarters, and Mr Fagan was then whisked away by police. But four decades on, people are still astounded that he managed to get so close to the nation's head of state. At the time, Mr Fagan's intrusion brought the issue of the Queen's security to the forefront as a member of the public had managed to breeze into the palace without being stopped by royal security. The scandal was so bad that then-Home Secretary William Whitelaw reportedly offered the Queen his resignation, but she refused. Even more shockingly, Mr Fagan had managed to get into the palace on a previous occasion earlier that year. Mr Fagan appeared in court charged with stealing half a bottle of wine from Buckingham Palace during this instance, but he was acquitted. READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant  Mr Fagan was not charged for trespassing in the Queen's bedroom as, at the time, it was a civil offence. The Queen would have been required to personally press charges, which may have compromised the monarch's position as head of state. Mr Fagan did admit to a separate charge of stealing a car, and a judge sent him to a mental health hospital in Liverpool.  Mr Fagan was admitted as a patient rather than a criminal, and he was released a few months later. In 2007, Buckingham Palace and several other significant sites became "protected" under the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005, making trespass an imprisonable offence. Mr Fagan, now 73, has faced other troubles with the law since the intrusion, and he has spoken on occasion of his experience breaking into the palace. He told The Sun in 2020: “I was fixated on the Queen. I knew she liked helping people and thought she might help me. I wanted to speak to her but I never planned to end up in her bedroom.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry told Royal Family tensions 'irrelevant' to status change [ANALYSIS]Queen taught Prince George the National Anthem during Sunday visits [INSIGHT]The Queen's 14 prime ministers - and her rumoured favourites [EXPLAINED]  Shortly before 7am on July 9, 1982, Mr Fagan was thought to have climbed over a palace fence. According to a BBC report from the time, he "scaled the walls around the palace and shinned the drain-pipe" to get to the Queen's private apartments. Mr Fagan initially found an unlocked window to enter the palace, and he spent some time perusing the Queen's famous stamp collection.  He then left the room via the same window and navigated past pigeon netting to get onto the roof, and then re-entered the palace through another window. While roaming the palace halls, Mr Fagan said he encountered a maid cleaning, and he also smashed an ashtray so he could use the glass to cut through the pigeon netting on his way back out. Michael managed to find the Queen's bedroom, although he said it wasn't his intention, and at the time it was unattended as the valet on watch was walking the Queen's corgis. Usually, the Queen's bedroom is guarded at all times by a police officer on duty. 