Apple's all-new iOS 16 operating system was unleashed last month during the firm's WWDC Developers Conference and it features one of the biggest changes in years. This upcoming release includes a whole new Lock Screen which is now fully customisable. Once installed, iPhone users will be able to automatically set different wallpapers throughout the day, add info-packed widgets and change the styles and colours depending on their mood. Clever AI can even search through your photo album and pick the most suitable images for the Lock Screen with styles and text colours instantly switching to match the photo. iOS 16 also features other upgrades including better messaging, improved Safari browsing and a new iCloud Shared Photo Library. All the new features can be found here and if you want to try them all out before the official release in September you are in luck. Apple has now launched its iOS 16 public beta programme which means you can download the new version of this software long before it's pushed out to millions of iPhone owners across the globe. "Help make the next releases of iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS our best yet. As a member of the Apple Beta Software Program, you can take part in shaping Apple software by test-driving pre-release versions and letting us know what you think." Apple confirmed on its site. YOU CAN FIND THE iOS 16 PUBLIC BETA HERE It's exciting news but before you even think about installing it on your iPhone, there are some things to remember about this public beta. Most importantly, this is not by any means finished software. In fact, that's the whole point of Apple making it available early as it means you'll be tasked with reporting any bugs, incompatibilities, or glitches found in the early software. This gives the US firm plenty of time to iron out issues before millions of people attempt to download on launch day. Because it's not the final build, Apple advises that users should not download the iOS 16 beta on their primary smartphone. Instead, to avoid any phone-crashing nightmares when you really need to use your smartphone, the software should be installed on a secondary iPhone. If you are happy to proceed then it means you'll get to play with some big new features months early although not all iPhones are compatible with iOS 16. Sadly, iOS 16 isn't going to work on all iPhones currently running iOS 15. Apple has confirmed that a number of devices are losing support for this upgrade including the original iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 7. Here's the full list of iPhones that WON'T work with iOS 16. • Original iPhone SE • iPhone 6s • ‌iPhone‌ 6s Plus • iPod touch • iPhone‌ 7