The Reddit team has joined forces with Airbnb, English Heritage, Rough Guides and the Trainline to find the most underrated UK staycation spots. Cornwall might be beautiful but there are plenty of other hotspots worthy of attention this year. Bedfordshire was named as the UK’s most underrated staycation destination and offers plenty for British tourists to explore. READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here  One of Bedfordshire’s top attractions in Wrest Park, a magnificent 19th century style house managed by English Heritage. A visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Amazing English Heritage site. First visual of the gardens was exceptional.” Another said: “Had a beautiful day at Wrest Park, today and yesterday. The staff were so helpful and friendly.” The gorgeous mansion reflects three centuries of English gardens and has one of the few remaining early 18th century formal gardens. The Scottish Highlands cover more than two thirds of the northern end of the country but are sadly underrated by many. From beaches, to mountains, glens, lochs, and rivers, The Highlands abound with unspoilt scenery. People are starting to catch on, with Fort William seeing a 130 percent increase in interest in the last year. A Reddit user recommended travellers visit Corrour Estate, a gorgeous wildlife reserve on the edge of Rannoch Moor. READ MORE: Fires and vanishing beaches: How the heatwave could hit holidays The third most underrated spot were the stunning Orkney Islands in Scotland. The Orkneys are a unique archipelago. Staycationers will find many beautiful spots to explore as well as links to the islands’ Scandinavian history. Pembrokeshire was ranked as the most underrated holiday destination in Wales and staycationers were impressed by its beautiful bays. History fans should pay a visit to Pembroke Castle as well as enjoying one of the region’s stunning beaches. Gower Peninsula was the second Welsh destination to make the list, offering visitors prehistoric remains and tiny towns to explore. Yorkshire is well known for its friendly residents and also has many incredible tourist attractions to impress visitors. Holidaymakers could pay a visit to Roche Abbey and the rural market town of Otley or take a dip in Ilkley Lido. Lanchashire’s charming Ribble Valley villages are well worth a visit while beachlovers could also head to Blackpool for a classic seaside holiday.