Captain Sandy Yawn is back on Bravo with another brand new season of popular reality show spin-off, Below Deck Mediterranean. The TV star and luxury yacht boss returned to screens earlier this month for another chaotic charter, and Kyle Viljoen has broken his silence on one of season seven’s biggest feuds so far. Kyle has dubbed the Home’s bosun Raygan Taylor the “weakest link” of Below Deck Med’s latest sea-faring adventure. Sandy Yawn is finally back on screens again, this time with a brand new crew who are desperate to prove they have what it takes to run a superyacht. Unfortunately, Sandy’s new bosun Raygan is struggling to keep up despite having several years of boating experience. “To be honest, at this stage, I’d definitely say Raygan,” Kyle confessed when he was asked who was the weakest link so far. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin “It’s so unfortunate because the deck team can be so strong.” This time round, Sandy’s crew is almost entirely different, with just Mzi ‘Zee’ Dempers returning from the previous season. Although the rest of the team has managed to pull their weight, Raygan was called out when she apparently turned up to a meeting hungover. In a confessional, Captain Sandy conceded she was happy for the crew to stay up drinking as long as they made it into work the next day - which could be difficult for her new bosun. Unfortunately, with the latest season of Below Deck Med just three episodes in, Kyle has already singled out Raygan as a potential liability to the rest of the team. His thoughts echo a number of harsh comments Raygan has received from the show’s loyal viewers so far. “I’ve watched every season of Below Deck and every spin off,” @hayyyyyls tweeted. “I lift weights so I can carry heavy items AND I CAN HANDLE A HANGOVER. I’m more qualified to be bosun than Raygan.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn reflects on ‘awful’ Chuck scene [INSIGHT]Righteous Gemstones star ‘lied in audition’ to land role [EXCLUSIVE]Seizure star opens up on dark project after Worst Person in the World [INTERVIEW] And @reality_scorpio said: “Raygan is THE WORST bosun of all time, of all Below Deck franchises. Why hasn’t she been fired yet? An utter disgrace.” The crew member also threw some criticism against his co-second stew Natalya Scudder during his recent appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen. Prompted by the show’s Shady Slide segment, Kyle said: “If you were a sole stew that’s kind of like a third position. “And the fact that she enjoys doing laundry and she enjoys doing housekeeping.” “I’m like, ‘That’s kind of a third stew position!’ You know what I’m saying?” Some fans are convinced Raygan’s under-performing could be an intentional ploy by the show’s producers to bring back Malia White into the fold. For now, viewers will just have to keep tuning in to see how long the Home can stay afloat with Captain Sandy’s new crew on deck. Below Deck Mediterranean season 7 continues Mondays on Bravo in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.