UFC legend Brad Pickett has chosen a left-field pick for who he thinks Conor McGregor should face when he returns to the Octagon. Pickett believes a fight with Tony Ferguson would be the perfect fit for ‘Notorious’ both in terms of style and name value, however, Nate Diaz has claimed Dana White wants to make their trilogy fight. McGregor is expected to return to competition in February or March next year after breaking his leg against Dustin Poirier last July. There have been many names rumoured to face him including Michael Chandler, Charles Oliveira and even Henry Cejudo, but Diaz recently revealed to The MMA Hour that the UFC want him to fight McGregor for a third time next. He said: "They don't want to let me go. They won't let me out of this contract because they want me to fight Conor. That's what's happening. They don't want me out without finishing that fight up. I'm not fighting Conor McGregor right now. Our timelines aren't matching up. "You didn't fight me when you were supposed to fight me. I'm not fighting you right now. I'm supposed to bring you back to life before I go? You bring yourself back to life and then I'll be back later. I've got s*** to do.” Diaz and McGregor are currently 1-1 in their rivalry. Diaz defeated the Irishman via submission in the second round of their inaugural contest after replacing then UFC lightweight champion Rafael Dos Anjos on short notice back in March 2016. Five months later at UFC 202, McGregor got his revenge via a majority decision victory over the Stockton fighter. Since then, both men have been at each other’s throats on social media and there is clearly a lot of public interest in the trilogy. But Pickett believes McGregor should face Ferguson next in a blockbuster showdown. MORE UFC NEWS... Pimblett warned of looking like 'an idiot' and told he's no McGregor Nate Diaz follows Conor McGregor as UFC star slates Khabib McGregor-Poirier 4 shut down as Irishman recommended 'car wreck' fight “To be honest anyone, he’s a fun guy to watch fight, he’s really good at selling the fights. You never know who will be around when he comes back,” Pickett told Express Sport. “This sport is so unforgiving, there could be a crazy rise of someone and there could be some dramatic fall of someone else. A good fight would be maybe Tony Ferguson, that would be a good fight for him someone that’s been there, done that. A lot of talk. That’s someone I think he matches up with stylistically and is still also a big name.”