Neighbours' Harold Bishop star said he always knew Kylie would succeed, due to her feistiness and knowing what she wanted, even in her early days on the soap. The acting legend believes the Australian megastar's mentality and bullishness, set her up to become one of the biggest names in pop history. Harold Bishop first appeared on Ramsay Street in 1987 and was adored immediately by fans of the long-running Aussie soap. The adorable, often fumbling character will make a sensational return ahead of the show's final episode on July 29. Ahead of the finale, Ian - who starred in the show for 21 years - recalled a time when he first met a young Kylie in the soap's green room. The iconic soap actor was convinced way back then, Neighbours had a future star on set. READ MORE: 'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile backlash as viewers blast Brexit coverage "You knew where you were with Kylie that she was going to be a huge star," he explained. "She was fabulous, there was just something special about her that you couldn’t quite put your finger on, and she was feisty. She knew what she wanted, even back then." The more experienced actors on set would even take note and learn from the behaviour of the tenacious young star. Ian enthused: "I started in 1959 as a professional. I had seen a lot of people working, but Kylie, you knew what was going to happen to Kylie straight off. "You just knew it. I remember sitting in the green room one day and she was on the phone. "Somebody had called her and wanted her to stand behind a product. "I think they thought they were going to get a pushover, but oh my God, I listened to that girl lay down the law for what she would want if she did stand behind this product." DON'T MISS:  Neighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character [INSIGHT]Neighbours theory: Chloe Brennan to leave Ramsay Street with Elly [THEORY]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'blocked visit to Neighbours soap' in funny call [ARTICLE]   The 84 year old star continued: "I thought, 'God, you could run classes on this girl!' "Seasoned old actors would stand by and watch her because we were not used to that sort of thing, we were just jobbing actors, one job after another." Neighbours will air for the last time at the end of the month after 37 years on TV screens. Its popularity in the UK was huge ever since its daytime slot on BBC and the Aussie soap continued on Channel 5 but the station decided against extending their rights to the show. The decision to end the production has devastated the legends of Ramsay Street. Ian shared the cast's feeling ahead of the finale, but they hope the legacy of Neighbour's will continue in some form. "All us oldies, the ones who were together in the show, we've all been together. We've all declared our sadness about the whole thing. "Even though the show is coming to an end, we feel that it should be kept going in some way as a school for young actors", the acting legend hoped.