Earlier this year, the former Question of Sport host confirmed she would be stepping away as Wimbledon's lead presenter after 30 years. Sue Barker broke down in tears at the end of this year's tournament, which saw Novak Djokovic retain his grand slam title against Nick Kyrgios. After the Men's Final, the BBC played a moving montage of Barker's career and heard tributes from Des Lynam, Billie Jean King, Andy Murray, Virginia Wade, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and John McEnroe. "I think it's fair to say we have broken her," Clare Balding commented as Sue broke down in tears. "Listen to this crowd all chanting Sue's name. "Billie-Jean has joined us as well because you always say, Billie-Jean, if you can't see it, you can't be it." "She's an amazing example," Billie-Jean praised. "If you want to be a presenter and be the best in the field of broadcasting...Sue Barker. She is the best ever." Barker struggled to hold back the tears as she told her co-hosts: "Can I just say, it's been an absolute privilege, I've loved it, 30 amazing years, thank you." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle "Sue, you're the best," McEnroe chipped in, as he recalled what it was like working with her. "You won't need that earpiece anymore." Crowds on Henman Hill also burst into song, chanting: "We love you, Sue, we do, we love you, Sue, we do. We love you, Sue, we do, oh Sue we love you." "Honestly from the broadcasting point of view, a huge team of people behind the scenes as you know who are all going to miss you horribly," Balding went on to add. The host choked back tears as she told her co-star: "I just think what you do on camera is so special... that mixture of professionalism with genuine warmth and honesty. It is very special."  Barker later added: "I'll miss the job, I wish I had another 30 years to do it... I've been so proud to front the programme." Barker hosted her first Wimbledon for the BBC in 1993 and has fronted the coverage ever since.  She was the first woman to be the lead presenter for a major sporting event on the BBC, and during her retirement announcement in June admitted she “would miss it terribly”. Tributes have been pouring in online since Barker bid farewell, with many praising the Wimbledon presenter for the last 30 years.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [SPOILERS]Yellowstone season 5: Did Monica die in childbirth in Kayce's vision? [INSIGHT]Mick Jagger opens up on Keith Richards' real persona [VIDEO] User @SithTurnedJedi penned: "Farewell to Sue Barker. The dignified voice of EVERY #Wimbledon final interview I’ve seen so far. Ends her stint with another wholesome presentation." Sabrina wrote: "I can’t imagine life without Sue Barker at #Wimbledon," While Steph Niciu tweeted: "Also Sue Barker, you will be so missed. Enjoy your retirement. You're a legend! #Wimbledon #SueBarker." (sic) Ellen went on to say: "Honestly, that wonderful tribute film made me quite weepy. What an incredible 30 years of pure magic from #SueBarker As far as presenters go, she'll always be remembered as 'One of a kind'." (sic)  "What a brilliant tribute to #SueBarker. You could see how much she meant to everyone," Sharon praised. Earlier on in the programme, McEnroe paid a heartfelt tribute to Barker, saying: "Before I go I want to give you one last hug Sue. "Thank you for everything you have been amazing, unbelievable, we are going to miss you. "You are like the Roger Federer of the broadcasting world." 