Starz’s latest drama P-Valley has taken its audience by storm as it follows the lives of the dancers at a popular strip club, The Pynk. After an emotional episode last week, fans were looking forward to seeing how their favourite characters dealt with the aftermath, however, viewers were left disappointed.  The most recent episode titled ‘Savage’ was an emotional one for viewers as it dealt with trauma, abuse and suicide. The instalment even started with a content warning due to its heavy theme. Since P-Valley first aired in 2020, fans have remained enthralled by its gripping storylines with many eager to tune into the next episode. However, this week many were left disappointed to discover episode seven would be delayed and took to social media to air their frustration.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot Before the episode was expected to start, actor John Clarence Stewart who starred as Big Teak dropped the disappointing announcement. He tweeted: “[P-Valley] family, you’ll need to wait another week for 207 to drop. “It’s gonna be WORTH it. You KNOW it already [P- Valley] writers have something SPECIAL cooked up and ready to serve!” Despite the excitement for episode seven in his tweet, it caused an uproar in his comment section, with many viewers left angered.  A fuming @LoosCoilz wrote: “You should’ve said something last week, Ya’ll playing.” An annoyed fan @_ListckHustle added: “Highly fkkkng ghetto. What series tweaks episodes as they go. What in the freestyle friday.” @kristuhhhh complained: “Whhhyyyyyyyyyy. I already poured my wine.” As @tiarra__xoxo commented: “We already waited for the season to drop, why we got to wait for another episode y’all playing.”  DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul fans ‘spot’ Lalo Salamanca in Breaking Bad [INSIGHT]Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [INSIGHT] Despite the complaints, there were also fans who didn’t mind waiting and expressed their excitement for the episode. Including @YoFavAuntieee who stated: “I just know [P - Valley] got something big coming next week ! I don’t mind waiting, thank y’all thus far !! Best show ever” @Ruby8735 added: “Woww really.. we gtta wait. I mean no problem but daaang i was pumpd for a new episode tonite. Lol but No wonder a new episode aint poppd up on my starz acct yet [sic].” Although it can be annoying for viewers, it isn’t unusual for shows to skip a week or two during the season.  Oftentimes an episode could be delayed due to a scheduling shakeup for example a huge sporting event. On other occasions, bosses deliberately put a pause on releasing episodes to build anticipation for the show as a ploy to raise viewership. Thankfully for Starz streamers, the wait for episode seven isn’t long at all as the series will return to regular programming next week. P Valley is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 