Kim Fox (played by Tameka Empson) finally agreed to give a new romance a chance in recent scenes in EastEnders after struggling to come to terms with Vincent Hubbard’s (Richard Blackwood) death. However, if Howie Danes’ (Delroy Atkinson) past resurfaces, will Kim be left heartbroken and single in Walford? In next week’s episodes, Howie is crushed when he learns a lucrative job has been cancelled. He lets slip to Kim that he’s been evicted from his flat and is concerned about his future. Kim jumps in immediately and invites him to stay with her permanently. The pair overheard Dana Monroe (Barbara Smith) and Bobby Beale (Clay Milner Russell) arguing. Dana quits her job at Walford East and storms out of the restaurant. Read more: EastEnders theory: Couple torn apart as Jay Brown begins affair Seizing the opportunity, Kim tells Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) Howie can step in and help. Kathy agrees and offers him a job as a bartender at The Albert. However, the next day, Howie only makes things worse for an already stressed-out Kathy. It’s obvious he’s struggling in the new position but will Kim step in and save the day again? EastEnders viewers were first introduced to Howie last year when he impersonated Vincent while working as a children’s entertainer. Kim discovered he had found her husband’s wallet while working as a security guard at a junkyard. Howie was working at the junkyard when Vincent was brutally murdered on the orders of Aidan Maguire (Patrick Bergin). He explained he saw three men arrive on the site but only two left alive. Howie retried the wallet from the remains of the crime and assumed Vincent’s identity in an attempt to build a better life for himself. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Ben flees to avoid prison after assaulting Kathy  [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Beloved family exit as death rocks Walford [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Grant Mitchell in dramatic return to Albert Square [SPOILER] Kim was understandably distraught but the pair grew close when Howie agreed to go to the police and tell them everything he knew about Vincent’s murder. It’s clear Howie lived a life connected to the criminal underworld but little is known about his past other than his connection to the junkyard. Could Howie be hiding a secret about his former employment? The children’s entertainer was forced to take a break when he injured his leg. However, he has since struggled to find clients leading to his financial problems and an upcoming eviction. Was Howie relying on another source of criminal income to help keep himself afloat? Kim wanted her late husband to have nothing to do with the likes of Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) and would be furious if she realised she had fallen in love with someone who could put her in danger. Will Kim decide Howie isn’t the right man for her and her family? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.