Penny Mordaunt wooed Tories on Wednesday as she emerged as second in the race to lead the Conservative Party. The 49-year-old Minister of State for Trade Policy secured the backing of 67 MPs in the first ballot. Only the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak received more votes, with 88, while Foreign Secretary Liz Truss came third with 50. Of the eight Tory hopefuls, Kemi Badenoch, Suella Braverman and Tom Tugendhat also made it through to the second round, while Nadhim Zahawi and Jeremy Hunt were knocked out. In a section about British people losing control, she wrote: “Culture wars are on the rise. The issues might change from place to place but the temperature doesn’t. Yet, really, anger doesn’t sit well with Brits.” She continued: “There is one notable exception. Brits only really do loss of control [sic] when they’ve properly been on the sauce. “This phenomenon is called ‘Saturday Night’. It’s a British ritual that happens in most market towns and some cities.” She added: “This results in getting mutually mortalled, trolleyed, s**t-faced, sloshed, plastered, tanked, wasted, wa**ered, hammered, Badered (after the legless flying ace) and battered. “In fact, you can play this game yourself. Basically, any verb, any past participle.” Ms Mordaunt made her comments as she looked at Britain’s post-Brexit political and cultural landscape. The Tory leadership hopeful – whose tagline is ‘PM 4 PM’ – was a major backer of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU. She appeared on the infamous Vote Leave battle bus with Priti Patel, the Home Secretary, to make her case for Brexit. In her and Mr and Lewis’ book, she gives her take on some of the division in society that followed the UK’s exit from the EU. She wrote: “The Saturday Night safety valve has its uses. It is, after all, something that all the home nations have in common.” DON'T MISS: Moment Penny Mordaunt destroys Angela Rayner in 'greatest Labour put-down' - VIDEO [LATEST]Liz Truss' brutal swipe at Royal Family UNEARTHED as she sided with whining Lib Dems [INSIGHT]Penny Mordaunt's past as a magician's assistant laid bare amid bid to be next PM [ANALYSIS] The minister’s light-hearted look at Britain’s separation from Brussels is accompanied by serious proposals. In the book, she sets out her arguments for political reform due to what she claims is a dent in public trust after a wave of political scandals. In recent days, during her campaign for the Tory leadership, she has made similar appeals to restore public trust by saying that the Government should be delivering on its pledges. Speaking to MPs on Wednesday, she said: “We have a manifesto to deliver, and standards and trust to restore.” She also claimed her party had lost its “sense of self” but vowed to restore the mandate the Tories won under Mr Johnson in 2019. ‘Greater: Britain After the Storm’ was written by Penny Mordaunt and Chris Lewis and published by Biteback Publishing in 2020. It is available here.