The Galaxy S22 is currently one of Samsung's most premium devices and anyone who hasn't yet taken the plunge now has a colourful new upgrade to choose from. The Korean technology giant has just confirmed that it will soon start shipping the S22 in Bora Purple with this refreshed design now joining the other shades, such as Green and Pink Gold and Phantom Black, in the current lineup. It certainly appears to be a nice update with Samsung's Sonia Chang saying: “With its pastel and neutral tones, Bora Purple embodies optimism and a sense of calm. It will unfold your world with the power of choice." It's out next month but before you start popping one into your online shopping basket... beware! In around six months' time, Samsung will almost certainly unleash its new Galaxy S23 and this phone could have one massive advantage over the S22 when buying it in the UK. That's because rumours are rife that all versions of Samsung's next flagship will be powered by Qualcomm brains. If you weren't already aware, many of the recent flagship Galaxy S devices get different processors depending on where they are purchased. For example, shoppers in areas including the UK almost always get Samsung's Exynos chips rather than Qualcomm's Snapdragon silicon. It's been an irritation for some time as most tests show slightly improved performance and better battery life for those getting that Qualcomm power. The US chip maker has also just announced that will be holding its yearly Snapdragon Summit this Novmeber where it's sure to announce an even more powerful brain which will almost certainly be called the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2. This processor could power global Galaxy S23s and give them a serious boost over the current S22. To add fuel to the fire, Qualcomm boss, Cristiano Amon recently hinted that his firm's chips would be appearing in more Galaxy phones in the future. Speaking during a Q&A Amon said: “The way you should think about it is Snapdragon will power their Galaxy product line, their Galaxy flagship products. And what I can say at this point is we were 75% on Galaxy S22 before the agreement. You should be thinking about we’re going to be much better than that on Galaxy S23 and beyond.” Watch this space but buying a Galaxy S22, even if it does now come in Bora Purple, might be a bad idea.