The Prime Minister told colleagues the heatwave showed his green targets were the right thing to do even though they have become “unfashionable”. Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt and Liz Truss have all raised concerns about plans to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050 during the race to succeed Mr Johnson. Defending his record to his top team of ministers, including leadership contender Ms Truss, the PM said he was keeping the country moving in the face of extreme heat. He added: “With temperatures setting records in this country, who can doubt that we were right to be the first major economy to go for net zero? “And I know it may be sometimes unfashionable to say this now, but it is the right thing to do. “If we’re going to protect our planet and if we’re going to do the right thing to tackle global warming, it’s essential that we set that lead.” He said it also offers a “massive economic opportunity to transition to millions of millions of clean, green technology driven jobs”. The Foreign Secretary said climate goals should be delivered in a way that “doesn’t harm people and businesses” and has promised to shift green levies from energy bills. Ms Mordaunt believes measures to hit the target “mustn’t clobber people” while Mr Sunak warned that if progress on the agenda is “too hard and too fast” it would lose public support. The leadership rivals have also clashed over how to address the cost-of-living crisis, but Mr Johnson said the “fundamental strength” of the economy had already allowed his administration to offer help to the most vulnerable. Mr Johnson spoke at what was his last Cabinet meeting barring any national crisis that requires an emergency meeting of the senior team.  Parliament rises for the summer recess on Thursday and returns on September 5 when the next Tory leader is expected to be announced. Mr Johnson said the Cabinet meeting was taking place a year on from England’s “freedom day” when coronavirus restrictions were largely lifted. The Prime Minister said: “I’m proud of what we did. Some, of course, I remember at the time, said that opening up in that way, opening up retail, opening up hospitality, opening up our country in the way that we did, they said it was reckless, they said it was going to be a threat to the world – I remember somebody saying. “I’ve got to be honest, it wasn’t an easy decision. We should never forget the suffering caused by that pandemic. And we grieve for the families of the many thousands of people whose lives were cut short. “But I have to say, I do think it was the right decision.” Easing restrictions has helped the economy, with unemployment “the lowest for 50 years”. “It’s because of the fundamental strengths of the economy that we have been able to help people with the cost of living right now, and £1,200 as you know is going to help the eight million most vulnerable households. “We will continue to give help to households throughout this difficult time, throughout the summer, the autumn. “We will continue to make sure we are looking at ways of abating the problems for those who need it most.”  Mr Johnson indicated the lessons from the pandemic would be applied in the current heatwave. “On another scorching, sweltering day I think it’s very, very important that we think back to that moment that we opened up (after the lockdown) and try and balance risk with the need to keep our country, our society and our economy moving. “I hope, Cabinet, that you are all agreed that as far as possible we should keep schools open and keep our transport system going as far as we possibly can.” The “fantastic NHS” would keep “providing for the people of this country in the way that they need and expect”. Mr Johnson told his Cabinet, which included new recruits brought in after a number of walkouts that led to the demise of his premiership, to “bash on with our agenda” and was cheered on with clapping and traditional banging of the table.  Ministers presented Mr Johnson with first-edition copies of Sir Winston Churchill’s books on the Second World War as a parting gift. Estimated to be worth around £750, the Cabinet team covered the cost personally. “At the conclusion of Cabinet, the Prime Minister was presented with gifts to thank him for his service to the country, including first editions of Winston Churchill’s books on the Second World War,” his spokesman said. A long-time hero of Mr Johnson, Sir Winston chronicled the build-up to and the events of the Second World War in a famous series of books, informed in part by his own experience in government during the war years. As Mayor of London, Mr Johnson penned a best-selling book The Churchill Factor on the former prime minister. 