Royal expert Kinsey Schofield predicted Meghan, who is living in California with Prince Harry after quitting royal duties, will one day make a bid for the White House. Ms Schofield's comments come after the Duchess fuelled ongoing speculation about her political ambitions with her interview in Vogue magazine on the US abortion ruling. But the royal commentator questioned whether Americans would vote for the former actress, who she described as a "very polarising figure". Ms Schofield, the founder of the To Di For Daily royal website and podcast, said Meghan will need to work to "establish herself" in politics. The royal expert told Express.co.uk: "When Meghan disagrees with something, she does not sit back and watch, she almost immediately starts to try to implement change. "Is she going to run for President in 2024? Unlikely, however, there is room for her since Biden isn't committing. "She is connecting with political figures to ask how she can help them in their efforts, and I think the ultimate goal would be that she could eventually run herself once she has established herself as a familiar political figure. "We know that she is being mentored by several political figures higher up. She is friends with Stacey Abrams, Hillary Clinton, Kamala Harris. "There are significant people there that can help create a space for her if she wants one. "Would the American people vote for her? I don't think so. She is a very polarising figure in the States. READ MORE: Meghan poised to swipe 'true power on her own terms' "Americans really are struggling with inflation, not being able to afford gas for their cars to get to work, not to mention an increase in violence and crime on our streets. "They feel like she preaches at them from her Montecito mansion in a position that she was awarded thanks to marriage. "She will likely help fundraise this political season and might appear on some voter encouragement panels or digital submits like she’s done previously. "She would have to establish herself as a political figure before she would jump into the race, and I would not consider the Vogue article a big political move. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry’s popularity sinks to ALL-TIME lowMeghan and Harry haters make spectacular blunder with Sussex NHS trustMeghan Markle 'entitled' to be called princess if Sussex taken "She's just a disappointed American that had an opportunity to speak out against Roe v Wade and did. "However, I would still argue that had she done so on her podcast, historically, it would have made much more of an impact." Ms Schofield's comments come after Meghan hit out at the US Supreme Court over the decision to end constitutional protections for abortion that have been in place for nearly 50 years by overturning the landmark Roe v Wade ruling. The Duchess insisted the move tells women they "don't matter" and called on men to speak out as she warned it represents "a blueprint for reversing rights" including same-sex marriage and contraception access. Meghan's intervention on abortion rights comes after she previously lobbied US senators over paid family leave last November. And in 2020, the Duchess urged Americans to vote in the election which saw Joe Biden beat Donald Trump, who she once described as “misogynistic” and “divisive”. Mr Biden's sister Valerie Biden Owens in May invited the royal to join the Democrats and said she'd made a “good presidential candidate”. It comes as Meghan and Harry are living in Montecito after quitting as working royals in March 2020. 