Greenhead Park's paddling pool in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, has been a popular local attraction for decades. Originally built in the 1930s, the pool has been shut since summer 2019 due to the coronavirus pandemic. The pool currently does not have a single drop of water in it and its seating area has been removed. Kirklees Council says that during this period of closure, it was realised it required some refurbishment and repair, reports Yorkshire Live. In May 2022, it said: "Works, which started on Tuesday, 3 May, will include repairs to cracks in the pool's surface and structure. "The pool area will also be resurfaced. The paddling pool will be fenced off during the works with minimal disruption to park users." At the time Colin Parr, strategic director for environment and climate change, was bullish about the pool's reopening. He said: "I am delighted the paddling pool will once again be enjoyed by families from across Kirklees and beyond this summer. "This important community asset, which is free to use, has brought enjoyment to many for over 80 years now. "It will be great to see it open once again, and the park filled with the joyous sounds of those paddling and playing in it." Mum-of-three Julie Smith from Marsh said: "It's a great shame. We all came down here today to have some fun and enjoy a paddle but it's absolutely bone-dry. "I don't know what's happened but I hope Kirklees can sort any problems out quickly with the summer holidays about to start." Her friend, Susie Eagleton of Lindley said: "The timing's not great is it?! I just hope Kirklees can get the pool filled with water as quickly as possible. "Summer doesn't last that long in this country so let's hope they can get their skates on." And Geoff Talbot, 65, of Gledholt added: "It's very sad. It's never been clear on what day the pool gets filled up with water but it's definitely not happened this year and I couldn't believe it when I saw all the seating had been removed. "In years gone by this pool would have been filled with children having fun and when we're having such a lot of sunny days you do wonder what's going on." Shaun Dundon, of Huddersfield, added: "It's just a shame it's not been used in this warm spell there was plenty of families in the park on Saturday when the photograph was taken. "I spent many hours in the pool in my youth." Kirklees councillor Bernard McGuin, (Con, Almondbury), who lives in Marsh, said: "It is a shame that on the hottest day of the year none of us were able to enjoy a paddle. "I quite like to roll my trouser legs up and get in myself. I will be sending a Written Question in to be answered at Wednesday night's council meeting. "It will read: 'Can the council guarantee that the children's paddling pool will be open for children to paddle in this summer?'  "At one time there were paddling pools all over Huddersfield - Bradley, Ravensknowle Park, Almondbury and Beaumont Park but this is one of the very last ones left. "I do hope something can be done, especially with the summer holidays approaching fast." The Friends of Greenhead Park in its newsletter told readers: "All we can tell you at the moment is that the council are 'exploring options' for safely operating the paddling pool." Clr Naheed Mather, Cabinet Member for Environment, said: "We are currently exploring our options for the potential use of the paddling pool in Greenhead Park during this year's summer season. "We know how important it is to local residents and their safety is our number one consideration. For more information on Greenhead Park and what activities are currently available, please click here.