Lord Sugar has divided his followers on Twitter after posting a controversial Tweet about the heatwave. The business mogul, 75, expressed frustration that reports on the “death of children” in Ukraine have taken second place to reports on the extreme weather across Britain this week, which has seen temperatures soar above 40 degrees celsius for the first time ever. The Apprentice star sent the post out to his 5.2 million followers on the social media site.  He wrote: “The news on all TV channels is all about the heatwave.  “Emergency procedures and hints that people should not go into work (as if they need no prompting)  “It seems death of children in Ukraine has taken second place.” (sic) READ MORE: Piers Morgan rips into Prince Harry amid Nelson Mandela comparisons His followers were keen to share their thoughts on the subject, with many divided opinions.  @Rkakati said: “You don’t expect the news to report the hottest weather ever recorded in the UK?  “Melting tarmac on runways, massive travel disruption etc. you don’t think any of that is newsworthy?”  @Sugarpuffs2773 wrote in retaliation: “It is summer. How do you think other countries get on who have this weather for weeks, months? “They get on with it, unlike us!”  @LordDixon said: “I think you managed a whole two days without saying something ridiculous.  “How's your yacht?”  @AdamDillon21 wrote: “Coming from the bloke who, only last week, was outraged that women commentate on women's football.” READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] It comes after the star blasted the BBC for its supposed lack of male commentators throughout the Euros.  He tweeted last week: “I am watching the women football and notice that ALL the commentators are women.  “I also note when mens football is on there is a symbolic female commentator to cover the broadcasters a**e.  “Should I complain there should be a male commentator in women's football?” The comments were quickly debunked when former Arsenal and England striker Ian Wright appeared on the BBC commentary team.  Upon seeing Ian’s appearance, Lord Sugar tweeted again: “I was pleased to see my old mate Ian Wright was given the opportunity to commentate on the ladies game last night.  “I wonder if my earlier tweet below touched a nerve.  “Of course BBC sport will say not at all, Ian was already lined up for it.” (sic)