Wimbledon stars must be fully prepared to face Nick Kyrgios and should not even look at him during his antics, claims former seven-time Grand Slam singles champion Mats Wilander. Kyrgios has impressed many with his performances so far at SW19 and Wilander has labelled him a "genius". The Australian has also caused plenty of controversy on his way to the quarter-final stage. He could face Rafael Nadal in Friday's semi-final if both players come through their last-eight matches. Kyrgios faces Cristian Garin on Wednesday afternoon on Court One, coinciding with Nadal's match against Taylor Fritz on Centre Court. Kyrgios is aiming to reach a semi-final for the first time in his Grand Slam career. Wilander believes the 27-year-old performs better once he begins his "controlled chaos". But he has told future opponents that they must do all they can to ignore the antics by turning a blind eye to them.  Wilander told Eurosport: "You have to be prepared, you definitely have to be prepared. You have to realise that when Kyrgios begins his controlled chaos, it is most probably going to mean that he plays better. "The most important thing is to be prepared for that. That means, don't worry about it, don't care, don't listen to what Nick is saying, basically don't look at him. "Play the tennis ball that is coming at you and know that the guy hitting it at you is one of the most talented players of all time. He is literally a genius when it comes to feel, tactics and hitting the right shot at the right time.  "You have just got to shut that out and put a blindfold on. Do what you can do as a player and don't worry about what goes on on the other side." Kyrgios is never far from controversy and former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan claimed earlier this week the Aussie would "love" to be defaulted from the tournament for breaking the rules. Jordan said on talkSPORT: "If people want to stop Nick Kyrgios, it's not difficult. "If they believe that he's transgressing rules, it's upon the tournament; it's not upon anybody else. His behaviour, if it's deemed to be unacceptable and breaches rules, consequence him. If it doesn't, shut up. If they want to stop Nick Kyrgios... I mean, he will love it. If he gets defaulted out of a tournament, he will love it." 