Richard Palmer, royal correspondent for the Daily Express, told the Royal Round Up that the Queen will be going to events alongside members of her family as a “fall back position”. He said this security measure was the reason why Princess Anne had travelled with the monarch to Maidenhead yesterday and why Prince Charles had attended the handing out of the George Cross earlier in the week. Mr Palmer said: “The reason why she has been accompanied by Princess Anne is because it is a fall back position. “You know, most of the engagements she does now, same as the other day when she did one with Prince Charles, the idea is if at the last minute she says she cannot make it then there is always another member of the royal family waiting to stand in for her. Asked why Buckingham Palace wanted to keep her latest visit quiet, Mr Palmer said: “I think they are very nervous about crowds gathering. “You’ve got to remember that there is still a covid risk, I think.”    The Queen was all smiles on Friday as she attended a hospice in Maidenhead with her daughter Princess Anne. The pair made the surpise visit to tour the Thames Hospice to meet staff, volunteers and a patient. The Queen was pictured smiling while greeting staff and walked through the property with her familiar walking stick. She laughed as the phone of a cancer patient’s husband rang as the monarch was greeting them. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Camilla conduct more solo engagements? [POLL]   "Typical, a phone goes off immediately," the Queen quipped, as husband Graham White sheepishly said it was his son ringing. Mrs White, 63, who has stage four cancer, chatted to the Queen and afterwards described meeting her as "a memory that I will treasure". Of her husband's phone going off, she said: "I could have killed him! "People think the Queen is all stiff upper lip, but she has a sense of humour." DON'T MISS: Queen said ‘Thank goodness Meghan not coming’ on day of Philip funera [REVEAL]Camilla 'didn't want to be Queen Consort' - 'accepted it for Charles' [REPORT] Princess Anne brutally shut down photographer with a 'spicy' swipe [REVEAL]   The monarch has only appeared in publicly sparingly since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She awarded the NHS the George Cross during a ceremony she hosted at Windsor on Tuesday this week. She was joined by the Prince of Wales for the event as health leaders from the four nations were each awarded the medal. She was last seen before then at a military event at her Edinburgh palace in June. READ NEXT: Queen laughs as chat with hospice user interrupted by husband's phone‘Mischievous' Camilla is 'Royal Family's secret weapon’Sorry Ma'am! Queen cracks up as visit derailed by rogue ringing phonePrince Harry 'has poison in blood' Expert warning over duke's memoirThe Queen is brilliant in blue for latest appearance - pictures