I refer to the phone that rings and rings but is never answered. We would not know the number unless we had been given it specifically to call if we had a problem. So now we have and we ring it. And it rings at the other end ? and we hold on. And on and on. Even more infuriating is the spiel of excuses that pours into our ear. Thank you for ringing... your call is very important to us... all our operatives are engaged at the moment... Then comes the awful muzak. It's not even Beethoven or Mozart - at least they could compose. It's just some apology for a tune that plays for a short while, then is interrupted by a resumption of the tissue of excuses for a rotten service.  And everyone now does it. Officialdom, private companies, service providers, local government - there are no exceptions bar the small local trader trying to make a living by serving his customers with prompt attention. So I have devised a substitute recording which might not please but at least has the virtue of being completely truthful. "Buzz buzz. Thank you for calling. Frankly your call is a pain in the rear end for us. It interrupts our repose so it is on a permanent loop. Both our operators are busy and although we could have more on the switchboard why should we? You can't go anywhere else. Or you could go to our website where we can ignore your problem much more cheaply. "So hang on if you must and here is some horrible pseudomusic. Jangle-jangle. Oh, still there? Did I tell you how important your call is to us? If you believe that you must believe in the tooth fairy. And don't worry about how much this call is costing you. We have cut a deal with the phone company to split the profits. Better to ring off and stay sane. Byeeeee." So I have devised a short and courteous letter to be sent to the CEO of the office/company concerned when their invoice comes in. Dear Sir, thank you for your invoice which has just arrived and lies in front of me on my desk. Permit me to assure you that I shall treat it with the same urgency that I have received from you whenever I have called your emergency client line with a query or minor problem. Should you wish to discuss this with me, my direct phone line number is below my signature. Most sincerely? You would be amazed how fast the phone rings.  In one of his last appointments - and a good one at last - Boris Johnson appointed Kit Malthouse as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. Nice title - what does he do? Well he has been charged with taking a forensic look at our ongoing white elephants - projects dreamed up in a back room, rammed through because they sounded good, now quite out of control and costing enough to bankrupt the country. He aims to leave whoever succeeds Master Johnson a list of suggestions identifying which could and should be scrapped and the saved money diverted to help people in dire distress. Top of his list so far are trying to make our homeland carbon-neutral by 2050, and HS2. The latter, once costed at £34billion, now thought to be £106billion, is being quietly reassessed in Whitehall as even more than that. Billions have been spent excavating hideous chunks out of some of the most glorious countryside in the southeast. Extensions from Birmingham to Manchester, and a spur to Leeds, have been quietly shelved. Other justifications for a parallel duplicate rail line London-to-Birmingham have just vaporised. Vanity and jobsworth-greed are all that remain. Up to a hundred billion could be saved and by 2030 (when it might roll) most of the tycoons who might afford a ticket will be commuting by air taxi or talking by Zoom. And we really could use the money in a hundred different and better ways. The wizard wheeze of sending illegal immigrants straight from Dover beach to Rwanda is not working and for reasons I suspected. It is not just the human rights lawyers grounding the flights to Kigali that is now the problem, simply that those who have slogged across the world to settle in their Promised Land - here - are more cunning than our bureaucrats or Ms Priti Patel. The hope was that word would leak out - as it has - and the stream of immigrants risking life and limb on inflatables across the Channel would dry up. Not a bit of it. They are still flooding over but determined on arrival simply to vaporise. They once used all their life savings to pay the traffickers. Now they keep some of it back to fund the onward journey - and it isn't to Africa. The new target is Ireland. So it's hop off the inflatable at Folkestone, dodge the controls and press on the Emerald Isle. This is not amusing the Irish Government at all. Mind you, over the past century quite a few Irish have emigrated to the UK - about million I think. years the ever-French have been encouraging immigrants into their country t a For -helpful from Italy northwest to the Calais coast and pointing out the white cliffs a bit further west. If we had the same cynicism we would usher the unwanteds west to the Welsh coast and point out the Mountains of Mourne. But (sigh) we won't. We still play cricket with a straight bat. So we will spend huge sums of public money trying to find them, round them up and fly them where they absolutely do not want to go. And thus the farce will go on. We haven't got a prime minister so presumably we haven't got a government worth the name. The ministers are away and the jobsworths in charge. And for reasons known only to themselves the Tories have decreed that we have six weeks more until the party membership can be consulted. For heavens sake, there are now only 150,000 of them. That's three constituencies in old money. That used to take a week - on horseback. Thankfully there are not many gas ovens left or many of us would be tempted to shove our heads in them.  We all dislike those who gloat but I am going to risk a few hisses over the breakfast toast to surmise that the portion of Buckinghamshire where I live must have a mini-climate. Last week temperatures were heading for all-time records when clouds gathered over my village then gave us ten minutes of drumming monsoon rain. As they passed on, the garden was irrigated, the lawn edged back from fawn to green, the leaves perked up and the frogs in the pond sent a vote of thanks. The temperature dropped ten degrees and since then our climate has reverted to a normal pleasant English summer. The day after the monsoon the papers showed me entire streets on fire and the headlines screamed "Highest ever... Forty degrees". So we had hysteria on the weather front to match that of the Tory leadership chaos. Now the chaos has shifted to the roads, docks and airports with pictures of huge queues at Dover and departure lounges that make the Donbas look quite restful. The climate change brigade was out in force to claim that five days of unusual heat prove we are about to bid farewell to civilisation as we know it. Alas, over the many years since records have been kept there have been a dozen heat waves. Most normal summers, half the country heads for the tropics to try and find a heatwave. It's called the summer holidays. Sorry to be tiresome but the British people used to be famous for our stoical calm when the going got rough. Now our stiff upper lip is flapping in the wind like knickers on a clothes line and with the same elegance.