Tottenham may be forced to turn to one of four striker options this summer if Harry Kane does the unthinkable and leaves Antonio Conte in the lurch. Reports indicate that Bayern Munich have already held talks with the striker's camp, and although initial contact was focused on the possibility of a transfer next summer, the England captain may decide to act sooner if offered the opportunity to replace Robert Lewandowski at the Allianz Arena. Express Sport looks at four strikers who could step up to the plate... Although Spurs would bank a hefty sum by selling Kane, they could sign a cost-effective replacement in Memphis Depay. Barcelona are already thought to be considering two Premier League offers, although neither have reached their asking price of £17million. The Dutchman, who has played in the Premier League before with Manchester United, scored an impressive 12 goals in 28 La Liga matches for Barca last term. But with their raft of shiny new attacking signings now at Xavi's disposal, he is expected to be let go if a reasonable offer arrives in the coming weeks. JUST IN: Chelsea deal for Jules Kounde takes another twist after Barcelona announcement The Nigerian is a player Conte will already be familiar with, having spent the past two seasons at Napoli in Serie A. The 23-year-old is making solid progress, too, having increased his goals output from 10 in his debut campaign to 18 in all competitions last term. A host of Premier League sides have reportedly kept tabs on Osimhen this summer, with the common sticking point being his price. While his ability is not to be doubted, a mammoth fee would have to be forked out given that Napoli paid £68m to sign him two years ago and will be keen to turn a profit.  Moving onto another player who has plenty of admirers in England, Isak was most recently linked to Newcastle where the board 'unanimously agreed' that he should top their attacking wish list. Again, price proved an issue as The Telegraph indicated that it would take a bid north of £50m to get the deal done. From Spurs' perspective, splashing out on a player who only scored six league goals last term would be an eyebrow-raising way to go about replacing a striker of Kane's calibre. But the Real Sociedad frontman bagged 17 the season before that, and at just 22 years old and standing 6ft 5in, many believe that the sky is the limit for the silky Swede. Earlier this summer, Martinez stated that he would be staying with Inter Milan despite interest from a collection of top sides. Arguably, the only manager that could change his mind is Conte, under whom the Argentine romped to a Serie A title in 2020/21 and forged a devastating partnership with Romelu Lukaku. While the 24-year-old has embraced Lukaku's absence in Milan and upped his goals output, the opportunity to star in the Premier League could prove too tempting to turn down. Whether his resolve is put to the test, or indeed whether Kane jolts Spurs into unwanted transfer action remains to be seen.