Readers suggest that Lilibet will not feature prominently in royal history regardless of how frequently she visits the UK, as she is just eighth in line to the throne. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle brought their one-year-old daughter Lilibet to the UK for the first time last month and royal experts suggest they fear she will be “written out of royal history”. In a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean said: “According to that good source, it appears that both Harry and Meghan feel that their daughter is going to be written out of history.” READ MORE: Royal Family 'preparing' for Archie and Lilibet's return to UK He claimed that as the family live in Montecito, California, they have limited opportunities to connect with the Royal Family. Mr Sean explained: “This is because if you think about it logically, when are they next going to return? “When will the opportunity be there to have a formal portrait with our gracious monarch? In a poll that ran from 2pm on Thursday, July 21, to 11am on Monday, July 25, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Lilibet return to the UK to avoid being ‘written out of royal history’?” Overall, 7,285 people responded with the vast majority, 95 percent (6,890 people) answering “no”, Lilibet should not return to the UK. Meanwhile, four percent (323 people) said “yes” she should, and a further one percent (72 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Lilibet and her future in royal history. Most readers were against the idea of Lilibet returning to the UK with her parents and older brother Archie, three. Since, the Sussex family have reportedly been invited to spend time with the Queen at Balmoral this summer. One insider told the Sun on Sunday, July 24: “Balmoral is the perfect place for them to spend a little bit of quality time with the Queen. They barely had 15 minutes with her at the jubilee.” Username Delphinium, wrote: “We do not want or need any of the Sussex family to ever come to the UK.” Another, username stephenL said: “Harry and Meghan wanted a life in the US with their family. That's what they have got, so why should their daughter come to the UK.” Some suggested that Lilibet had a limited role in royal history as she was low in the line of succession and her position is likely to drop in the future. Username Yorkshire lass 2 said: “Even if they returned [to the UK] she would not be written into royal history. “About the only people who feature in royal history are actual monarchs and she will never be one. “She is currently eighth in line. When the Queen passes she will temporarily move up a place but after that when the Cambridge children have their own children she will only ever go down.” DON'T MISS: Eugenie and Beatrice 'struggling to remain cordial' with William [VIDEO]Harry told he ‘wouldn’t have problem in UK’ after ‘intruder scares' [LATEST]Harry and Meghan to be overshadowed by ‘interesting new characters’ [INSIGHT] Username Budbud, said: “Give it another generation, when George, Charlotte, and Louis have children and she will be written out of royal history regardless of how often she returns to the UK.” And username Goldielover said: “No. They're going to be mostly unknown in a few generations anyways. It's normal. “That's what happens to the children of younger sons or daughters of the monarch eventually.” Another, username JanetWCQ1958 said: “She is nothing more than a footnote in royal history anyway.”   Username asjuk said: “Why should she? She's no more relevant than Beatrice, Eugenie, or Zara.” Some readers argued that Harry and Meghan’s decision to leave their positions as senior working members of the Royal Family two years ago compromised their children’s position in royal history further. Username prestonfan1 said: “Her parents wrote her out of royal history, their choice.” Username grockle said: “Harry and Meghan wrote themselves out of history and, as a consequence, wrote their children out too.” 