Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid has been leading the ITV breakfast show since 2014, but the broadcaster will soon be taking a break from the screen. On Wednesday, Susanna told audiences and her co-host Ed Balls she’ll be taking a long holiday from the programme and will return after the summer. Susanna confirmed she would be taking a break when co-presenter Charlotte Hawkins admitted she had struggled to book a holiday. Ed asked: “You’re off on holiday kind of soon, aren’t you?” “Today is my last day for the summer,” Susanna revealed, although didn't give an exact date for when she'll return. The presenter is expected to return to screens before September, though ITV has yet to officially confirm. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Susanna’s co-host quipped: “Are you renting a beach hut?” “I may be!” she replied before waggling her eyebrows at the camera. “I may be.” She went on by thanking GMB’s loyal viewers and assuring them they’ll be left in safe hands. “So, I just want to say thank you to everybody, but I leave you in the capable hands of this wonderful team over the summer,” Susanna added. “However, I am not off yet for another 43 minutes,” she then joked before previewing the rest of Wednesday’s programme. Her departure came shortly after Susanna’s frequent co-presenter Richard Madeley made a similar announcement. In June, he revealed: “I’ve got places to go, people to see and interesting things to eat. “So I’ll be back just after Christmas, so this will be my last show for a while.” DON'T MISS:Outlander fans furious as stars snubbed by Emmys [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Whistler and Tara split sealed [THEORY]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Will Byers to destroy Upside Down [INSIGHT] Richard has been filling in with Susanna since Piers Morgan’s unorthodox exit from the programme last year. However, the host explained he has yet to be offered a permanent contract and acts as one of a roster of interim presenters who have filled Piers’ position. “I just do stuff for fun,” Richard explained on the show. “I don’t see GMB as the next step in my career because I’m a pensioner. I get my state pension now.” While Susanna and Richard take their breaks, GMB will continue with a number of interim presenters taking their place. Also amongst the current team are Kate Garraway, Ben Shephard, Adil Ray and Ranvir Singh. Meanwhile, Lorraine Kelly will be remaining on-air for the time being with Carol Vorderman filling in for the rest of this week after the presenter contracted COVID-19. Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning have also been replaced for the summer. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.