Angela Levin appeared as one of the guests interviewed in the ITV documentary Camilla’s Country Life which aired this week. The show followed the royal as she guest edited this month's issue of Country Life, marking her 75th birthday and the magazine's 125th anniversary.  During one segment of the show, people got some background information on the time when Camilla and Charles first got together. Viewers were informed that they first started dating when they were in their 20s and although they ended the relationship, maintained close friends and moved within the same social groups. Camilla went on to marry Andrew Parker Bowles and Charles, Diana, Princess of Wales. However, royal biographer Angela Levin suggested that even when the pair were divorced, there were few expectations for her in terms of becoming a royal.    Angela gave her insight as to what she believed the Queen thought of her son’s relationship with Camilla at the time. She said: “I think the Queen thought, 'What on Earth is Prince Charles doing with her?' “Though, she was completely unsuitable, divorced and not senior enough in their aristocratic ladder and so on.” Despite this, as the years went on The Prince of Wales made it clear that his love for Camilla was non-negotiable and the duo made their first public appearance together in 1999.   Angela continued: “She was going to be part of his life and he was not going to listen to it any other way.” In 2003, the couple moved into Clarence House together before announcing their engagement in 2005, 35 years after they first met. The same year, the couple married in a civil ceremony although The Queen and her late husband Prince Phillip did not attend. According to The Telegraph, this was because both the bride and groom had both been divorced before   However, they were both present at the reception afterwards. Although many years had passed with speculation that the monarch didn’t approve of Camilla, those queries were squashed this year. In a message marking the 70th anniversary of her reign earlier this year, The Queen said it was her sincere wish for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles becomes King. Elsewhere in the documentary, the Duchess was asked what advice she would give to her younger self.   She replied: “'Well, I think I'd remember what my parents gave me, which is try and be considerate of others. “I think that's a very important thing to learn in life... and I think, you know, I'd give the same advice to my children and my grandchildren.” After the documentary, many viewers took to Twitter to say kind words about the future Queen. Blossom 22 said: “Camilla is such a wonderful woman and does such good work for women that have been abused. She's going to be a great Queen consort !!” With Teena adding: “Camilla takes her work for her patronages very seriously while enjoying the unique joys that each has to offer. She will make a brilliant Queen Consort!” Camilla's Country Life is available to watch on ITV Hub 