Christian Eriksen has reportedly reached an agreement in principle to sign for Manchester United on a free transfer this summer. The midfielder returned to the Premier League in January as he signed for Brentford on a short-term deal two years after leaving Tottenham. But he now looks set to turn his back on the west Londoners following the end of his contract and move to Old Trafford. Eriksen was a key part of the Spurs side that impressed under Mauricio Pochettino and reached the Champions League final in 2019. But he departed England to join Inter Milan at the start of 2020. The 30-year-old won the Serie A title 18 months after moving to Italy but then suffered a cardiac arrest while playing for Denmark at Euro 2020. After being fitted with an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator, the playmaker was banned from playing in Serie A and instead linked up with fellow Dane Thomas Frank at the Brentford Community Stadium after being released by Inter. But he has now decided to join the Red Devils. And Express Sport takes a look at six squad numbers he could wear at Old Trafford. No 6 United’s lowest unoccupied squad number is the No 6, which has been worn by Paul Pogba for the last six seasons. But Pogba has now left Old Trafford following the conclusion of his contract. So if Eriksen is to be handed a key role by Erik ten Hag, he could be in with a shout of securing the No 6 shirt. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer'    No 8 Eriksen is perhaps most likely to get his hands on the No 8 shirt, which was worn by Juan Mata for nine years at Old Trafford. The Denmark international wore the No 8 for four years during his days with Ajax in the early part of his career. And he could be keen to land a traditional starting number. No 12 The No 12 jersey has been available since Chris Smalling left United to join Roma in 2020. And if United sign Frenkie de Jong and he takes the No 8 shirt, Eriksen could instead be given the 12 as a compromise. No 14 Jesse Lingard’s departure means there is no one currently wearing the No 14 shirt at Old Trafford. It’s not the most glamourous number, however, with only a few star names in the past wearing it. So Eriksen could prefer to take a higher number which means something to him. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline    No 21 Eriksen wore the No 21 during his stint with Brentford last season. And the ace could ask to stick with the same number at Old Trafford as homage to the opportunity the west Londoners gave him to return to the Premier League. With the number becoming free after Edinson Cavani’s departure, there is a good chance the ex-Inter star could take it if he doesn’t get the No 8. No 23 Eriksen famously wore the No 23 shirt during every season he spent at Tottenham as he racked-up the goals and assists. So the number will clearly mean a lot to him. That shirt is currently worn by Luke Shaw - but if Eriksen is keen for it he may be able to twist the England left-back’s arm to prise it away from him. 