Claiming the title of biggest comedy series during the 80s and 90s, Only Fools and Horses continues to still be spoken about to this day. An iconic scene which was voted the funniest sitcom moment of all time nearly 20 years later sees Del Boy (played by David Jason), and Rodney (Nicholas Lyndhurst) try and take down a chandelier but instead end up breaking one. David opened up about the scene in the past and revealed people had "socks in their mouths" by trying not to laugh too early. During a recent Channel 5 documentary which looked into the success of the series, many revealed how hard it was to contain their laughter during the comedy sketch. Producer and TV Archivist Richard Latto explained: "Del Boy and Rodney go to a manor house to repair someone's chandelier. "And you know they are out of their depth, they know they are out of their depth, and you know something funny is going to happen." The scene was complicated and expensive, which meant they only had one chance to get it right, with the tension in the room being heightened. READ MORE: ‘No!' Naga Munchetty mortified after BBC Breakfast blunder As the scene was completed, the audience erupted with laughter, lifting a weight off of the cast and crew's shoulders. David revealed in a 2015 interview that not laughing and keeping their cool was the cast and crew's biggest challenge that day. He revealed: "We are gripping everything in our professional bodies not to laugh because we can see the picture in our mind. "At last, the director shouts cut, well, you never heard such an explosion of laughter from the crew. "And when I looked around, there were people taking socks out of their mouths, handkerchiefs, microphones, anything they could stuff in their mouth to stop laughing when that chandelier dropped!" Sue Holderness, who played Marlene in the BBC comedy, said: "You have to admit it is still one of the funniest moments to be seen on television." The iconic scene didn't simply come from writer John Sullivan's creative mind, as the scene came from true experiences. His father had been an apprentice plumber fitting central heating at an old manor house, and as a safety precaution, they decided to take down the chandelier. DON'T MISS...David Jason refused to rehearse iconic Only Fools and Horses scene [LATEST]‘I’m lucky’ David Jason on staying healthy and personal tragedies [INSIGHT]David Jason’s show of support to Nicholas Lyndhurst after tragedy [ANALYSIS] Actor John Thomson recalled: "Funnily enough, the chandelier scene rings true, it happened, it actually happened. "They were all laughing when he told the story, then they went put it in the show, and he was very nervous about doing it because people got in a lot of trouble for it, and they got fired." Another iconic scene which still gets viewers laughing today is when Del Boy falls through the bar after trying to woo "modern Euro-birds". However, it was revealed that David didn't want to rehearse the scene before filming as he wanted to keep it "fresh". Jeff Stevenson, a warm-up and guest actor on the show, explained: "The rehearsal was in the afternoon, and I remember David doing it, and I remember Tony coming down and saying, 'Right can we do that again?' "And I seem to remember David saying, 'No, we're not going to do it again, we will do it tonight because he wanted to keep it fresh!" The stunt was pulled off with some clever use of extras to distract the eye, and the result was a piece of exquisitely timed comic affection. Jeff laughed: "It was just the biggest laugh! I have never heard a laugh like that at the BBC, never heard a laugh like it." Only Fools and Horses: Secrets and Scandals is available to watch on My5.