Motorists across the UK have been warned that leaving rubbish inside their vehicles “could spell disaster”. This is because it could result in drivers being charged with driving without due care and attention. Andrew Jarvis, co-founder of ClickMechanic said: "Few of us can honestly say we've never left a little rubbish in our vehicles. "However, it's important to be aware of all of the potential hazards and empty drinks containers are one of the most common. “They can move around as we drive and if one manages to roll its way into the pedal area, it could spell disaster." The expert added that leaving rubbish inside the vehicle could breach rule 237 of the Highway Code. READ MORE: Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses The rule simply states that motorists must drive with due care and attention. If they fail to do so, they could be slapped with an on-the-spot fine of £100. However, more serious offences can result in between three and nine penalty points and a discretionary fine of up to £5,000. If the crash leads to serious injuries or death, it could lead to motorists being punished with a lengthy ban, as well as time behind bars. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to avoid popular seaside car park [REVEAL] Drivers warned of huge fines for needlessly using their car horn [WARNING] Little-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT] With that in mind, Mr Jarvis has urged drivers to keep their vehicles clean. He said: "There seems to be a correlation between a messy car and drivers who ignore more serious issues with their motors. "It's definitely worth getting into the habit of keeping your vehicle clean and tidy. And if you think there is anything wrong mechanically get it checked out by a training mechanic." Express.co.uk has also previously revealed that having certain parts of the car dirty could land drivers with a fine of up to £1,000. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £1,000 fine for not drinking enough water Earlier this year, experts revealed that drivers should examine the state of their number plates and windscreens in order to keep safe on the road. Jamie Louram, Halfords Car Cleaning Buyer, said: “Having an obscured number plate can land you in hot water, with fines of up to £1,000 if the letters and numbers can’t be seen.” Mr Louram added: “You can also rack up a fine of £1,000 and even an MOT failure for incorrectly displaying your number plates, so double-check you’re following the requirements while you give your car a spruce.” GEM Motoring Assist also warned plates cannot be covered by dirt as they must be readable at all times. They said this was to ensure that registrations are legible to police officers at all times and can be seen by the automatic number plate reader. Many Automatic Number Plate Recognition Cameras (ANPR) use plates to check whether the car has paid up-to-date tax. However, if the registration plate is covered police officers will not be able to identify a vehicle, which can lead to drivers getting away with breaking the law. Despite the risks, there are fears thousands of road users are oblivious to the rule and could be caught out. A survey carried out last year by CarParts4Less showed that 24 percent of road users did not know driving without a number plate was an offence. This was supported by another poll from Tyre Pros that found 23 percent were unaware of the rule surrounding dirty number plates. A spokesperson for Tyre Pros said: “There are strict rules in the UK when it comes to displaying number plates on vehicles. “Failing to follow these regulations can lead to a £1,000 fine and an MOT failure."