Nick Kyrgios has escalated his tense relationship with Stefanos Tsitsipas by saying he is not ‘trying to be nice’ to the Greek star. The Australian beat the world No 4 in four sets in their Wimbledon encounter which will be remembered as one of the most ill-tempered in the sport’s history. The match was littered with controversy with Kyrgios and Tsitsipas both receiving court violations. The Australian spent much of the second set berating and swearing at the line judges. This appeared to get under the Greek star’s skin and he smashed the ball into the crowd after losing the second set. The world No 40 believed his opponent should have been defaulted as a result and initially refused to play until the situation was resolved. Tsitsipas later received a point penalty for hitting the ball towards the crowd again following an underarm serve from his rival. He later admitted he was trying to hit Kyrgios with the return and tried twice more to strike the 27-year-old during the third set but called his opponent ‘evil’ and a ‘bully’ in his post-match press conference. “Am I trying to be nice?” Kyrgios queried. “I most likely wouldn’t have come in here and said I got bullied. I said nice shot. Now it’s getting out of hand. DON'T MISS: BBC apologises for foul-mouthed Nick Kyrgios row aired live during Wimbledon clash “It wasn’t an easy shot. I hit a good serve and I saw him working on his backhand return yesterday and he hit the back fence, so I said good shot.” The Australian was also keen to make clear that he felt Tsitsipas had more to answer to in regards to his conduct. “We just really need to stop putting us on the same level of behaviour today,” Kyrgios remarked. “I'm getting fined for it. Because I always get fined. I'm very keen to see what he will get after today.” READ MORE Wimbledon royal box hosts Tom Daley as Boulter and Broady shunnedBoulter's reason for skipping boyfriend De Minaur's Wimbledon clashMcEnroe and Henman in full agreement over Raducanu break suggestion The rivalry between the pair dates back to the 2018 US Open when Kyrgios called out his opponent on social media. Their relationship has been strained since however, they did also once come together as a doubles pairing in the 2019 Citi Open. The Ozzie will play world no 56 Brandon Nakashima in the fourth round with the match scheduled to take place at some point on Monday.