Dr Michael Mosley is the man behind the 5:2 diet and Fast 800 weight loss plans. He has spent years researching how to lose weight and thousands of people have successfully done so by following his diet and exercise advice. For anyone on a diet, it can be tricky managing cravings, luckily Dr Michael has two ways to curb your need for tasty treats and stay on track. Dr Michael is a fan of scientific data, and he cited a recent survey which suggested Brits have “put on an average of 10lbs since the pandemic struck.” Exercise is an important part of losing weight. Dr Michael said: “While exercise alone is unlikely to lead to weight loss - I’m afraid that’s what the studies show. “[But exercise] is absolutely vital in so many other ways: being active and fit means better health, better mood and even a better sex life.” READ MORE: Fitness: Professional triathlete's top tips to achieve big But exercising also plays an important part in your diet. The weight loss expert said: “A fitness programme will help to keep you insulin-sensitive, which is key to preventing cravings from taking over." However, for anyone following the 5:2 or Fast 800 programme, he advised they “avoid endurance or highly demanding exercise on a fast day” due to the reduced about of calories consumed. While exercise is one way to prevent cravings, another is a physcolgical action. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry: Expert on why couple are ‘constantly touching’ [COMMENT]Get rid of mosquitos in the house by using common herb [HACK]Wash towels at 20° with money-saving laundry hack ‘Kills 99% bacteria’ [EXPERT] “As soon as you have finished the last meal of the day, brush your teeth,” Dr Michael suggested. “It’ll help you to keep away from snacks and nibbles.” Another way to keep cravings away is drinking plenty of water. “People sometimes confuse thirst with hunger, so you can end up eating lots of extra calories when what all you really need is fluid,” he commented. READ MORE: Michael Molsey on the ‘best’ way to achieve rapid weight loss “A hot drink on an empty stomach is also remarkably soothing.” If you want something a little more adventerous than water, Dr Michael suggests black tea or coffee, peppermint tea or water infused with fresh fruit or herbs. There are also a few solid foods Dr Michael recommends eating if you’re feeling a bit peckish. “I try to snack on things like fruit or carrots,” he revealed. Cucumber or celery are also good snack options. “I also find high protein snacks like nuts or a small bit of cheese satisfying,” the expert added. Nuts promote heart health, but Dr Michael recommends buying a small pack, “such as almonds or walnuts” instead of your favourite nuts, like salted peanuts as you can “easily eat the whole pack”.