Columnist Daniela Elser highlighted the friendship between future Queen Consorts the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge. It comes after Kate photographed Camilla for Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday. Ms Elser said that "on paper" the pair "don’t have much in common besides both having caught the eyes of future kings". Writing for news.com.au, she added: "But something in the last little while has very clearly shifted on this front and somehow Camilla and Kate have become a formidable – and very friendly – power couple. "Most obviously, they seem to really get on like a house on fire." Ms Elser highlighted how Kate stepped out with Camilla and Prince Charles for a rare joint engagement back in February. Meanwhile, the two Duchesses were a "double-act" as they shared a carriage for Trooping the Colour and Garter Day last month. The columnist said Camilla and Kate's bond is "so remarkable" as it is an "abject departure" in royal history. She said: "The point is, never before have we seen an alliance quite like this of Kate and Camilla, two women who grew up sans titles and noble lineages and yet in whose hands now rests the future of the monarchy. "When the sad but inevitable comes when the Queen passes away, the coronation of Queen Camilla and later the arrival of the new Princess of Wales will represent a new era where the two most powerful women in the monarchy are closely aligned. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s ‘sweet moment’ at Wimbledon "Having a Queenly coalition not only willing but happy to work in step will have implications for The Firm as a family and as an institution." Ms Elser's comments come after Camilla commissioned Kate to photograph her as she appeared on the cover of the latest edition of Country Life which she guest-edited The Duchess of Cambridge is a keen amateur photographer and regularly shares snaps she has taken of her children to mark birthdays and other special occasions. DON'T MISSKate and William have romantic reason for avoiding PDA, says expertKate and William went through every emotion at Wimbledon match – PICS​Kate and William in stitches with Carole Middleton at Wimbledon The cover image shows Camilla in the gardens of her country home Ray Mill House in Lacock in Wiltshire. The Duchess of Cornwall smiles as she sits on a bench with a trug filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. Another picture by Kate appears on the leader page and is an informal shot of Camilla walking through forget-me-nots. There is a third photo of Prince William's wife photographing Charles's wife as she poses for the camera. Mark Hedges, editor-in-chief of Country Life magazine, said: "We are thrilled to have our guest editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer the Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of the Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by the Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer the Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" 