Earlier this month, Pippa Middleton gave birth to baby number three in the Lindo Wing of St Mary's hospital, in London, People reported. Now, Kate Middleton's younger sister and James Matthews have named their newborn daughter Rose, according to the Daily Mail. What do the names of their children mean? Although it has not been confirmed by the couple, Rose is believed to be their new daughter's first name. The name Rose is derived from the Latin "rosa", which refers to the flower, "also referring to the timeless and romantic bloom," the baby name site NameBerry stated. NameBerry explained Rose, "one of the old-time sweet-smelling flower names", has had a remarkable revival, especially as a middle name, "with many parents finding Rose to be the perfect connective". Pippa and James may call Rose "Rosy" or "Rosie", which is "an irresistibly cheery nickname". READ MORE: Kate Middleton's skincare - including diet Rose has been a popular girl’s name for centuries and is "the epitome of femininity" and "an irresistible pick for a little cherub," according to NameBerry. Baby site Verywellfamily explained that the name Rose was well-liked at the turn of the 20th century, but it dropped out of the top 20 by 1922. Since then, "it continued to decline in popularity", until 1997, when "the cheerful name then suddenly jumped almost 100 spots due to the massive popularity of the epic film Titanic, which came out in 1997". The movie starred Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack and Kate Winslet as Rose.  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews like to choose strong names with royal connections for their children. Rose has been the name of some royals across the centuries, including Mary Tudor, known as "Mary Rose", Queen of France. The couple named their first child Arthur, a name of Celtic origin that means "bear". Babycenter explained Arthur "is thought to originate from the Celtic elements artos, meaning 'bear' combined with viros, meaning 'man' or rigos, meaning 'King'."  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' The name was most prevalent during the Middle Ages, often used for royalty. Pippa and James chose the name Grace for their second child, which is of Latin origin, meaning "goodness" and "generosity." Babycenter explained: "Grace refers to the three Charites or Graces. "Goddesses of charm, beauty, and creativity.  "Grace is connected to the religious concept of divine grace. "The love and mercy freely given by God. "And of course, grace is an English noun defined as 'simple elegance or refinement of movement' or 'courteous goodwill'. "Similar to other classic names like Elizabeth, Alice, and Rose, Grace stands the test of time."