Manchester United and Liverpool kick off their pre-seasons as the two rivals meet in a friendly in Bangkok on Tuesday afternoon. With less than a month until the new Premier League season starts, Erik ten Hag will oversee his first match on the touchline as United boss against their formidable foes. While both Ten Hag and Jurgen Klopp's primary motivation for the fixture will be to get their players' fitness levels up ahead of the opening weekend of the new campaign on August 6-7, there is no doubting that both managers and teams will want to win. The two clubs are famously fierce rivals and United have only won one of the last nine competitive meetings. Liverpool meanwhile won 4-1 the last time they met in pre-season in July 2018 in Ann Arbor, Michigan in the United States. Ten Hag would love to get his Red Devils reign off to a positive start with a morale-boosting defeat of their bitter rivals in Thailand. Manchester United and Liverpool face off on Tuesday (July 12th). Kick-off is at 2pm at the 51,000-seater Rajamangala Stadium in Thailand's capital of Bangkok (8pm local time). The match will be streamed online live via United and Liverpool's in-house club channels, MUTV and LFCTV. Coverage on both channels begins at 1pm. MUTV access can be bought for £7.99 a month or the cost is £29.99 for a year's subscription. Liverpool's TV service, LFCTV GO, can be bought for £4.99 a month or £49.99 for an annual subscription. MUTV is also available in the United App and on ManUtd.com while LFCTV GO can found on Liverpool's official club website. The two channels will show all of their respective club's pre-season friendlies. United boss Ten Hag said: "Playing against Liverpool is always exciting. Man United vs Liverpool is a big game and it's a really good test for us. The standard of Manchester United is to win every game. We are happy to play this game here in Bangkok for the many fans." Liverpool boss Klopp said: "It will be really exciting. Manchester United – a new manager, trained a little bit longer than us so might be, I'm not sure, in a better situation in the moment. But we see it as an important test because it's against United and we don't play friendlies, obviously both teams don't play friendlies against each other, so we will see what we can do." Man Utd squad in full Goalkeepers: De Gea, Heaton, Kovar, BishopDefenders: Lindelof, Bailly, Maguire, Varane, Malacia, Dalot, Shaw, Telles, Tuanzebe, Wan-Bissaka, LairdMidfielders: Fernandes, Fred, McTominay, Garner, Van de Beek, Hannibal, IqbalForwards: Martial, Rashford, Amad, Sancho, Elanga, Garnacho, Savage, Chong, Pellistri Absent: Phil Jones, Brandon Williams, Cristiano Ronaldo Liverpool squad in full Goalkeepers: Alisson, Adrian, Davies, MrozekDefenders: Van Dijk, Konate, Matip, Gomez, Phillips, R. Williams, Van den Berg, Bajcetic, Robertson, Alexander-Arnold, Tsimikas, Chambers, NorrisMidfielders: Thiago, Henderson, Fabinho, Milner, Keita, Jones, Elliott, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Morton, Clarkson, Frauendorf, Mabaya, HillForwards: Diaz, Nunez, Firmino, Salah, Jota, Carvalho, Clark Absent: Caoimhin Kelleher, Calvin Ramsay, Ben Davies, Kaide Gordon