But a prominent vaping campaigner has said demonising all vaping products risks losing sight of what he called the “huge net positives”. The scale of the problem was illustrated by the recent seizure of 8,000 illegal vapes at one single premises in the East Midlands. Nevertheless Mark Oates, director of consumer advocacy group We Vape, stressed it was important not to throw the baby out with the bathwater. He condemned the “appalling” illegal devices - but pointed out that data published by health charity Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) shows that youth vaping remains incredibly rare, with 0.5 percent of 11-17 year olds who have never smoked using e-cigarettes regularly. He added: “Vaping is recognised by the NHS, Cancer Research UK and the British Medical Association as an effective tool to help smokers quit. “Vaping with approved licensed devices is helping 70,000 people a year in the UK quit cigarettes, with smoking still the biggest cause of preventable death in the world. “We shouldn't lose sight of the fact that vaping is a huge net positive as it is vastly safer than smoking." Speaking earlier this month, Helen Donegan, senior trading standards officer with Leicestershire County Council, told the BBC: "There's no way of knowing what's in them. “They are making them extremely attractive to young people - but they could be inhaling a banned substance.” JUST IN: Russia casualties top 75,000 as Ukraine 'hits Putin in teeth' Trading Standards in England and Wales says the colourful, sweet-flavoured devices are growing in popularity among teens and the number of shops illegally selling them to children has increased from dozens each month last year to hundreds per month in 2022. The agency is now seizing thousands of counterfeit and unregulated products, while increasing numbers of teenagers have tried vaping, according to ASH. ASH’s research indicated almost a third of 16 and 17-year-olds have tried vaping, and 14 percent are currently vapers. Speaking in April Adam Afriyie, the Tory vice chairman of the All Party Parliamentary Group for Vaping, issued his own warning about the marketing of vaping devices to children. He said: “Vaping has saved thousands of lives and helped millions of smokers to quit, so it is absolutely appalling that bad actors are trying to push these products to children.” Mr Afriyie referred to a new report by Scottish Trading Standards (SCOTSS) revealing a total of 88,839 disposable vaping devices were removed from sale as a result of being labelled in correctly in accordance with the Tobacco and Related Products Regulations 2016. He added: “This report reflects the irresponsible marketing and availability of these products to under 18s that could undermine the UK’s progressive stance on vaping, and I am keen that the Government does more to prevent youth access to these devices.” Speaking of the former Health Secretary, he said: “I would like to see Sajid Javid and the Department of Health and Social Care tighten the Tobacco and Related Products Regulations as a matter of urgency to reduce the use of colours, images and flavour names that have a direct appeal to under 18s, such as cartoon characters, toys, or sweets, and ripping off well-known popular household brands.” However, Jane Buxton, general manager of online business-to-consumer store E-liquids.com, pointed out the NHS and Public Health England (PHE) both advocate vaping to help people quit after it was found to be 95 percent safer than cigarettes. She added: “Vaping has, for a long time, been a respected smoking cessation tool and is even recommended by the NHS and PHE.” “Consumer confidence is key in helping people quit, which is why we ensure that all of our products are supplied by trusted manufacturers. “With non-compliant products at large, it’s now up to retailers and manufacturers to remain vigilant and transparent. “Stronger regulation enforcement is the only way to clean up this issue.” The Department of Health and Social Care in England said vapes should only be used as a tool for smokers giving up smoking. It said it had put in place "proportionate regulations for all vape products relating to product safety, labelling and restrictions on advertising". A government report on vaping among young people and adults in England is due to be published in the coming months.