Meteorologist Kirsty McCabe told Sky News the UK is almost certainly going to see record temperatures over the start of next week, with a 60 percent chance we will see temperatures over 40 degrees celsius. She added that it is going to be very “hot, muggy and uncomfortable” overnight as “dry air from north Africa” sweeps across western Europe and into the UK.     Ms McCabe said: “It’s already extremely hot in places and temperatures are going to rise over the coming day across the UK and Ireland. “The peak of the heat is likely to be on Monday and Tuesday but even today we’re looking at highs of around 32 or 33 degrees. “Now, there is currently a 90 percent chance that we’re going to break the all-time UK temperature record, which is 38.7 Celsius. “We’re likely to see that record broken on Monday and then again on Tuesday.   “Tuesday could be even hotter; there is a 60 percent chance that we’re going to see temperatures over 40 degrees. “Now that will be the first time ever the UK has seen temperatures over 40 degrees and at the moment it looks more likely than not that it is going to happen. “And it is not just going to be hot by day; it’s going to be very hot, muggy and uncomfortable by night. “The air is quite dry at the moment coming all the way up from north Africa. It’s crossing western Europe towards the UK and the humidity levels will increase as we go through the week.” READ MORE: Heatwave UK: 9 ways to stay cool if you have no air con [REVEAL]   A health boss has warned the forecast for high temperatures could result in people dying while Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said people should be resilient enough to “enjoy the sunshine”. College of Paramedics chief executive Tracy Nicholls said the “ferocious heat” the UK is predicted to experience over the next few days could have a detrimental effect on Britons. Scorching temperatures are predicted for Monday, with Peterborough expected to hit 37C and Milton Keynes, Norwich and Lincoln set to hit 36C - while temperatures could hit 40C in London on Tuesday. Climate attribution scientist at the Met Office, Dr Nikos Christidis, has said the 40C prediction is a result of climate change. DON'T MISS: Heatwave warning: scorching temperatures could kill thousands [REPORT]106F heatwave to hit in HOURS - Experts spot freak jet stream vortex [REVEAL] BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [REPORT]   The forecaster has issued an amber warning for the majority of England on Sunday, which then extends to southern Scotland and Wales from Monday until Tuesday. The UK's first red extreme heat warning has also been issued by the forecaster across a large part of England from London to Manchester and York on Monday and Tuesday. The UK Health Security Agency has also issued a heat health warning at level four, which is described as a “national emergency”. Ministers held a virtual emergency Cobra meeting on Saturday after meteorologists warned the record high temperatures could put lives at risk. Additional contingency support for ambulance services, such as more call handlers and extra working hours, have been put in place on Monday and Tuesday. READ NEXT: Heatwave warning: NHS on alert as pressure mounts post-pandemic How to keep a flat cool in hot weather - 7 tips to blast away the heatHot weather mapped: What to expect in your area on Monday Meals for hot weather: 5 things to eat during a heatwaveiPhone and Android meltdown warning: You must follow important advice  