Arsenal technical director Edu insists the club must have a replacement lined up for Bukayo Saka if they were to sell him. However, the Brazilian says there is currently no plan to allow the England international to leave amid interest from Manchester City. Saka has less than two years remaining on his Arsenal contract. The winger featured in all 38 Premier League matches last season to stamp home his importance to Mikel Arteta. He won the club's Player of the Season award for his consistency throughout the campaign. But his contract situation will only leave Gunners supporters worrying about his long-term future. Edu and Arteta want to get Saka penned down to a new deal. Speaking at the end of the pre-season tour to the USA, Edu used the 20-year-old as an example to explain that the club must have a replacement ready to join straight away if the likes of Saka were to leave. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong reality check, Chelsea reeling, Everton may axe Dele  He told football.london: "Part of the plan is when you are starting to sell the players, that’s the challenging one. You already need someone prepared. "(If we can) sell, (and) we are able to do that and then chapeau. It’s very challenging. "For example, let’s talk about next season or another. If we sell, I don’t know, Bukayo Saka - that’s not going to happen but it’s just an example. "If we’re going to sell Bukayo Saka, we as a club have to prepare his replacement straight away. So someone has to be in the squad or we have to manage the market well so if we sell we have him, we have someone straight away to replace him in our model." DON'T MISSArsenal already have their own Pogba which explains Tielemans transfer stanceNewcastle board give Howe promise as Chelsea and Tottenham eye Saint-MaximinMilinkovic-Savic's stance on joining Man Utd as second choice to De Jong  Arsenal have had a host of players in recent seasons in their late 20s and early 30s leave the club following a mutual termination of their contracts, due to interested teams not being able to afford a fee and their wages. Edu says he hopes that scenario will no longer happen and claims the large majority of the current squad have long-term value. He added: "Tell me how many players in the squad we have with those characteristics (of being over 25 on big contracts) today. I can tell you next summer (we won't have as many). "Have a look at the valuation of the players we have, the age of the group what we have, and the salaries that we have today. Now, as part of the plan, we create value in our players today. "All this squad today, is because I don’t want to face that situation many times more. Now if someone wants, say, Gabriel — ok, come here. No problem." 