John McEnroe has compared Rafael Nadal to a host of legendary athletes including Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo during the Spaniard’s straight sets Wimbledon fourth-round victory over Botic van de Zandschulp. The 36-year-old holds the most Grand Slam records of all time with 22, and the American pundit has hailed Nadal’s mental toughness. During the BBC’s coverage of Nadal’s win over Van de Zandschulp, Feliciano Lopez asked McEnroe whether he thought the 22-time Major winner was the most mentally tough athlete of all time. “Yeah. He is up there with Michael Jordan, Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo,” McEnroe replied. “But they are team guys. "[Novak] Djokovic isn’t far behind, [he is] pretty damn close. I would say Tom Brady the football player, I don’t know how well you know him but he is incredibly mentally tough, but this guy [Nadal] is amazing.” McEnroe was complimentary of Nadal as he coasted through to the fifth round at SW19, and claimed that he showed no signs of the foot issue that has recently plagued the Spanish star. “We talked in the opening about how his foot was doing,” McEnroe said. “Well, I think he answered that question. It was an incredible recovery from what he talked about at the French [Open], just finessing the ball beautifully there.” JUST IN: Rafa Nadal's uncle wades into Kyrgios Tsitsipas Wimbledon row Djokovic is two behind Nadal in the race for the most Grand Slams of all time, even though he could have been ahead if he defeated Daniil Medvedev in the US Open final. Since then, Nadal has gone on to win the first two Majors of the year in Australia and France, and even Djokovic’s son has been taunting him by copying Nadal’s technique. Stefan Djokovic has already won a children’s tournament this year and has been mocking his father by using Nadal’s forehand swing. “Yeah, no. He likes to do that,” Novak Djokovic said when told Stefan’s swing was similar to Nadal’s. “He likes to intimidate me on the court with finishing the swing here. He knows I don't like that particularly. I'm trying to teach him to finish the hand here, the swing, over the shoulder. DON'T MISS  “He does that, but he does this as well. Whenever he does that he always laughs because he knows. We have this kind of funny moments on the court. “I try to use every available opportunity, possibility, time to play with him because he's right now fully immersed into tennis. Everything around tennis, how he can play, he's watching, he's analysing. We're talking.” Despite Nadal’s mental toughness, he got into an uncharacteristic exchange with Italian Lorenzo Sonego at the net after their third-round clash. Nadal called his opponent to the net to request he toned down his grunts during points, something the Spaniard admitted was wrong and apologised to Sonego after the match.