A television licence is needed to watch live TV or record programmes to watch later on any channel, including live streaming on services such as Amazon Prime. Britons also need a TV Licence to watch or download BBC programmes on the BBC iPlayer. Currently, the cost of the TV licence fee is £159 for a colour television and £79.50 for a black and white one. However, over 75s may be able to claim a free licence if they meet certain qualifying criteria. Some over 75 households are eligible for a free TV Licence if they receive Pension Credit. Pension Credit is administered by the Department of Work and Pensions and gives people extra money to help with their living costs if they’re over state pension age and on a low income. READ MORE: Dragons' Den: 'Most successful product' signs £25m deal just three months after show  When calling this number, applicants can speak to one of TV Licensing’s advisors to request an application form. Once they have received the application, it may take a few weeks to process, TV licensing stated on their website. If there are any problems, TV licensing will write to let people know. They may also call someone if they have given them their phone number. As it stands, application phone lines are open between 8.30am and 6.30pm, from Monday to Friday. If someone has been paying for a licence when they were eligible for a free over 75 TV Licence, they may be due a refund. TV licensing will process this as part of someone’s application. If someone already receives Pension Credit, they can apply for their free over 75 TV Licence when they are 74 years old. Their payments will be updated to cover them until their 75th birthday, when they’ll be covered by their free licence. TV Licensing will confirm this in writing. Pension Credit is an income-related benefit made up of two parts - Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit. Guarantee Credit tops up weekly income if it’s below a certain level. People may still be eligible if they have savings, a pension or their own home. Savings Credit is only available for people who reached state retirement age before April 2016. It is an extra payment for people who saved some money towards their retirement, for example a personal or workplace pension People can find out more about Pension Credit on the gov.uk website.