Manchester United players have continued to train under Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman has made a big impression at Carrington already, with players buying into his methods from the start. And morale seems to be high, despite the nightmare season they previously endured under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Images have been uploaded to Getty that show United players in action. Ten Hag led the session, with the Dutchman observing with a business-like expression on his face as his players were made to graft at a cloudy Carrington. The likes of Anthony Martial and Victor Lindelof wore big smiles on their faces as they walked out, while Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho appeared to be in good spirits as well. That’s in stark contrast to the end of last season, where players would often look subdued as their season imploded with Rangnick at the helm. Alvaro Fernandez was involved in the session and went viral on social media for body-slamming Amad, in footage that was released on the club’s channels. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Shola Shoretire was seen doing work with the ball, along with Matej Kovar. Kovar has been tipped for a bright future, with even David De Gea rating the 22-year-old behind the scenes. Tahith Chong and Charlie Savage, both youngsters, were snapped doing fitness work as they look to make their mark in the first-team this season. Likewise Donny van de Beek and Luke Shaw, who both face big seasons as they look to prove they can perform at the highest level. And Zidane Iqbal also cut a happy figure, having just signed a new contract with the club. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Ten Hag has, according to Sky Sports, already made a positive impression at his new club following his arrival from Ajax. One of the club’s senior players apparently said training has been ‘intense’ for both the ‘body and the mind’ with Ten Hag wanting his squad members to ‘think, think, think’. Staff at the club have noted how ‘immersive’ the 52-year-old is during sessions and time spent with the ball, too. United are likely to go for a possession-based style under Ten Hag, just like they did with Louis van Gaal during his two-year spell at Old Trafford. Ten Hag is said to lead every element of training, unlike Solskjaer before him - who would often allow Kieran McKenna, Michael Carrick and Mike Phelan to conduct matters. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team He’s supposedly brutal, too, urging players to ‘give the maximum’ when things ‘haven’t been good enough’. However, this is offset by the encouragement he provides when stars get things right. Ten Hag is happy at how United have adjusted to his appointment. In particular, the arrival time of 9am. And David De Gea is reportedly one of the players who has already made it clear just how happy he is with the 52-year-old so far. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of his return to training, Bruno Fernandes has vowed United will do everything in their power to ensure Ten Hag is a success. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "When we are at clubs of this size it is an objective to try and win everything in which we are included,” he said. “We know for a few years United have failed to win anything people consider important. "Whatever it is, we're going to try to win every competition. “It's a new project, it's something that starts from scratch and we have to give it time to flourish." United finished sixth in the Premier League table last term, meaning they’ll be playing in the Europa League rather than the Champions League this upcoming season.