Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and her husband Prince William have been urged to keep their three children, George, Charlotte and Louis, out of the public eye. Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer responded to the new online poll of Express.co.uk readers on Twitter. The Royal Round-Up poll asked: "Should the Cambridge children be made a fixture in the Wimbledon Royal Box?" Approximately 46 percent said yes, compared to 53 percent who said no. Mr Palmer responded: "That is interesting, isn't it? "Maybe people feel they should be allowed to enjoy their childhood and not be subjected to the attention of the public and the cameras. "It surprises me, that." This comes after Prince George garnered public attention during his surprise appearance at Wimbledon last Sunday. JUST IN: Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week  George is currently third in line to the throne and the elder brother of the Cambridges' other two children, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis. In recent months, he has been seen accompanying his parents on various royal engagements. Last month, George and Charlotte made a surprise visit to Wales with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as part of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The two eldest Cambridge children also joined their parents at Westminster Abbey to honour the life of the late Duke of Edinburgh.  However, earlier in the Royal Round-Up programme, Mr Palmer said that the Cambridges will be absent from the public eye for the next few weeks. He told host Pandora Forsyth: "The Cambridges are box office. "But the more they do, the less each visit attracts attention. "I'm not expecting to see them much over the next few weeks." DON'T MISS: Sorry Ma'am! Queen cracks up as visit derailed by rogue ringing phone [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry 'going for a bit more publicity' ahead of memoir launch [INSIGHT]  Mr Palmer added: "They are having the summer off and having family time. "It's a big summer for them, we are expecting George to change schools, for them to move house." Earlier today, the Cambridges were spotted leaving their home at Kensington Palace and getting into a helicopter. William was seen leading his family towards the helicopter as he carried much of the luggage and they brought the newest addition to their family – their cocker spaniel Orla. Though their destination is not confirmed, it is highly likely given the helicopter and the company of Orla that the Cambridges were making their way to their residence in Norfolk. READ NEXT: Prince William's new role laid bare at Earthshot PrizePrince George cheekily broke royal rule at WimbledonPrince Harry’s memoir deemed ‘unimportant’ ahead of publicationPrince Harry's book sparks two major threats for royals, author claimsSorry Ma'am! Queen cracks up as visit derailed by rogue ringing phone 