Conservative MP Sir John Redwood has blamed France for the "unacceptable" queues at Dover's ports which have left British holidaymakers stranded for hours. The Tory Brexiteer has pushed the idea of a boycott of France to force authorities in Paris to sit up and take action over staffing shortages at the border. Mr Redmond told Express.co.uk: "I booked an English holiday for myself, there are lots of lovely places at home, and there are lots of lovely foreign countries that would welcome us some wouldn't get in our way. "I think it is sad because I've had some nice trips to France in the past but you really do need them to wake up and welcome us and let us get there in good time. "It's no holiday to spend seven or eight hours in a traffic jam." He added: "[The French] do the controls in Dover, which is meant to speed everything up when you get to France, but there's no use if they don't send enough staff over each day to handle the passports as there's enough boots it could work smoothly. The British authorities have gone out of their way to help the French, but apparently they just don't send enough staff over and so they don't run enough booths. "So you get these long and unacceptable queues and it's not just the children are going to be saying, 'are we there yet?' If I were in that queue I'd be saying when am I going to be there? We all get really fed up. It's extremely inconvenient. "You don't have all the food with you, you're gonna need a rest stop at some point and it just wrecks everybody's possible holiday." Queues have been building at the Port of Dover amid fears that the severe disruption seen in recent days could return to Kent throughout the summer. Ferry operator DFDS told passengers that there were "queues of around an hour" for French border checks on Monday morning, and to "allow a minimum of 120 minutes before your departure to complete all controls".  P&O Ferries wrote on Twitter: "The queues have picked up and it is taking approximately one hour to clear passport control." Passengers were forced to wait for several hours on Friday as bumper-to-bumper traffic stretching for miles marred the journeys of tens of thousands of families at the start of the school summer holidays. This was blamed on a staffing shortage at French border control and a serious crash on the M20 motorway. Toby Howe, senior highways manager at Kent County Council and tactical lead at Kent Resilience Forum, said the current queues at the Port of Dover were "normal for a Monday morning". DON'T MISS Have your say: Do you think Boris should come back as PM? [REACT]Boris WILL make a comeback and here's how says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT]Smug Starmer's plot to seize on Tory leadership chaos FAILING [REVEAL] He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that next weekend is likely to be "very busy". Mr Howe said: "It's the second busiest getaway weekend of the summer holidays. "As we've just found out the weekend just gone, traffic numbers travelling across the Channel were back to pre-pandemic levels and with the increased checks it is slower to get through, so it takes very little to cause those tailbacks." On what the rest of the summer could bring, he said: "Basically it's a very vulnerable situation, it takes very little to cause further issues."