Lucky was snatched from a garden in Chester-le-Street in County Durham on Wednesday and is now undergoing vet treatment for her severe injuries.   Lucky's owner, Angela Clennell, said two men took her pet from her garden at around 10pm on Wednesday. The men are believed to have used a bin to climb the fence into the garden before taking the dog. The owner's second dog, Sandy, luckily ran away before the thugs could harm it.  Lucky was doused in petrol and set on fire by the two violent thugs.   She was later found, badly burnt, in Lanchester, Durham and was described as unrecognisable by Ms Clennell. Pictures show the dog after the incident with a burnt pink nose, a blistered ear and a red eye. She also has "burnt ulcers in her mouth and throat", the owner said.  The injured pooch is now receiving emergency treatment at Dunhelm vets. READ MORE: Drivers warned it could be ‘very dangerous’ to swerve for animals But the owner worries it "will be touch and go" whether she survives due to the seriousness of her injuries. Unfortunately, Lucky's owner doesn't have insurance for her pooch because of the high costs. She has since launched a GoFundMe page to raise money for Lucky's treatment. The pooch's vet fees are expected to cost around £15,000 in total. DON'T MISS: Urgent RSPCA warning as birds 'flying into flames' in heatwave [INSIGHT]British rivers running out of Salmon as stock reaching 'crisis point' [COMMENT]'Concerning’: Microplastics found within 80 percent of people tested [ANALYSIS] So far, the fundraiser has had over 130 donors with around £2,155 raised. According to new research, dog thefts have soared to a seven-year high in the UK, with 2,7600 pooches stolen last year alone. The number of thefts has risen 16 percent since 2015, with some of the most commonly targeted breeds including French Bulldogs, Jack Russell Terriers, Chihuahuas and Pugs. Police have issued an appeal to find the two men who stole and set Lucky alight, asking for anyone who may have seen or have video footage to come forward and contact Durham Constabulary.