Max Verstappen was “lucky” his mechanical failures didn't strike during the Grand Prix despite his lowly grid start, warns Martin Brundle. The Sky Sports pundit said the Dutchman was fortunate that issues developed in qualifying instead of the first lap of the race.  Red Bull’s failure meant Verstappen was unable to do a final lap in qualifying meaning he will start tenth for the race. The team has also been forced into an engine replacement which puts Verstappen just one change away from grid penalties But, the reigning champion is still likely to score points and has given him a chance to fight through the field. Brundle said: “[Red Bull] were so lucky that the MGU-K that they had to change on Max, that failed on the last run of qualifying, that could have been the first lap or two of the race for example. READ MORE: Max Verstappen moves closer to major penalty as new parts installed  “That is how the season moves around sometimes but they’re doing a good job. They’ve got great confidence and they've got a nice driver pairing.” Verstappen screamed that he was suffering from a loss of power moments before his final qualifying run. It meant he was unable to better his P7 from the first lap when he locked hsi tyres and ran wide. With Charles Leclerc starting third, the issue hands the Ferrari star an opportunity to close the 63 point gap between the pair in the championship. Verstappen suffered two mechanical failures from the first three races with issues in Bahrain and Australia. However, Leclerc has retired from three races while leading the race which has seen his championship chances crumble. DON'T MISS Red Bull make Verstappen claim after engine issues at Hungarian GP [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen to Ferrari chances dismissed by Karun Chandhok  [COMMENT]Johnny Herbert swipes back at Max Verstappen over Hamilton comment [ANALYSIS]   He retired from the Spanish, Azerbaijan races with mechanical issues and crashed out in France. Brundle added Ferrari will be kicking themselves that they had not established a championship challenge. But, he claimed Ferrari only had themselves to blame for having “stepped on their own tails” due to a mix of errors all season. He explained: “They've stepped on their own tails a few times one way or another. Driver errors, strategy errors, unreliability. Of course Red Bull had some a couple of dramas in the first few races as well with Max." He continued: “Ferrari have to look back and think we should at least be pushing them in the championship and probably ahead.”