Snowflake Mountain concentrates on a group of young adults who are tricked into going on a survival course by their parents. The group believes they are going to be taking part in the series charting their partying lifestyles, however, they get a rude awakening when they are dumped in the middle of the wilderness and find out they’ve been duped. The kidults discover they’ve been sent to Snowflake Mountain in the hopes of making them more independent and self-sufficient with the most improved contestant getting the chance to take home $50,000. The Netflix series features a mixture of American and British contestants, all from various entitled and privileged backgrounds. They are put through their paces by former military men and survivalists Matt Tate and Joel Graves with challenges including scaling up a mountain, cutting up a deer for meat, making fire, and breaking a plank of wood with their bare hands. Snowflake Moutain’s trailer shows the kidults struggling simply to walk through the wilderness to their camp, located in the middle of Britain’s Lake District. Their extreme reaction to their new surroundings is priceless and makes for hilarious viewing with audiences questioning whether the series is in fact scripted. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain season 2: Will there be another series? Despite the more comedic moments, Snowflake Mountain is indeed real with the contestants completely unaware they were going to be appearing in a programme, which sought to make them more self-reliant and involved introspection. Contestant Rae from Kent explained: “I was baffled because I was like, ‘There’s no way my mum and dad would be able to keep this from me.’ I know that people watching think that this could be fake or we could already know but I did not have a clue. “I was there like, ‘They’re just saying that.’ Because my mum and dad could never keep this from me. We’re like best friends and stuff. We know when we’ve eaten breakfast and gone to the toilet. She continued: "We probably talk about everything and then to be there and strangers telling me that they’ve signed me up to something completely different. I was like, ‘How?’ I was just in disbelief. I was in denial.” Rae said she couldn’t even call them to ask and had to just “trusty the process”. Despite the initial shock, Rae said she gained much more confidence and self-belief after appearing on the show, saying: “I just feel like I loved it, I loved every second.” After accepting her situation, Rae was quickly very positive about taking part in Snowflake Mountain, saying: “I think that’s how my mum’s alway brought me up to be. “My mum and dad always said, ‘You’ve got to look on the positive side and it’s mind over matter.’ If you can channel that energy, if you’re being negative, you’re going to invite more of that in. If you’re being positive, you’re more likely to tackle whatever mountain you’re climbing.” DON'T MISS...Snowflake Mountain on Netflix: Where is Solomon now? [EXPLAINER]Where is Snowflake Mountain filmed? [ANALYSIS]Snowflake Mountain cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT] Since leaving Snowflake Mountain, Rae said she had finally found her passion and wanted to pursue a career in television. The former snowflakes have become fast friends and Rae revealed plans for the group to reunite in New York soon and have the party they had all believed they were going on when they first met on the show. Perhaps the only staged moment came when the snowflakes believed all their worldly possessions had been blown sky high by former bomb disposal expert Joel, only to later learn their designer goods and make-up were all safe and sound after all. The stunt was used to teach the snowflakes a valuable lesson about materialism as they could only take the most important things with them and discard the rest. “They hated us so much!” Matt said. “As I look back on that moment and see that video I’m like, ‘That was so funny.’ “And the truth is as their stuff’s going, I hear them crying and complaining, ‘My Mac was in there and the only clothes that I own are in there and I don’t know what I’m going to do.’ “I couldn’t show the emotion on my face but my heart was hurting for them, like, ‘Oh no, MacBooks are like very expensive things and all of their possessions are in there. But I’m not going to let them see. “I felt pretty bad about hearing them talk about those things that meant so much to them and what was in there. It is what it is.” Luckily, Matt said years of being a drill master meant he’d perfected his poker face to a tee and he wouldn’t reveal all was fine with the cases.” Fans may be hoping for a second outing of Snowflake Mountain but as yet Netflix has no plans and is likely to be looking at the viewing figures before making a decision. Snowflake Mountain is streaming on Netflix now