The pensioner is wanted in Poland in connection with investigations into the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography. But unknown to other guests, he had been living in a Bedford Travelodge for three months - until he was removed following contact from this newspaper. A second suspect, wanted in Romania on embezzlement charges, was bailed to live at another Travelodge in London Docklands. He has also been removed. Westminster Magistrates' Court had bailed the pair to live in the budget hotels while they fight extradition to their native countries where they face criminal cases. The court bailed the Polish pensioner to live at the Bedford hotel on April 14 after he left a residential address in the city. Travelodge officials said they had no idea the man was facing child sex allegations when he was accepted as a long-term guest in accommodation.  A Travelodge spokesman said: "The safety and security of our customers and staff is of paramount importance to us. "We can confirm that we do not have agreements in place to provide bail accommodation and that these two individuals are no longer staying in our hotels.  "We do work with a range of third parties and have stipulated to them that we do not accept bookings for individuals that are alleged to be a sex offender or paedophile." The pensioner is due back in court for judgment in the extradition case and Bedford Council said he is now in self-contained accommodation. He was arrested by Bedfordshire Police in September 2021 on a European Arrest Warrant from Poland and initially remanded in custody by Westminster magistrates while he fought extradition. Within days he was released on conditional bail to live at a residential address in Bedford after paying a £2,000 security and surrendering his expired Polish passport. He remained there until the hearing in April, when the court changed his bail to live at the Travelodge. A Bedford Borough Council spokesman said: "We carry out checks with police before placing anyone in temporary accommodation and if someone has a criminal conviction they would be housed appropriately. We would not knowingly place a convicted sex offender in a hotel." 