The LFB this afternoon declared a "major incident" in response to a surge in blazes across the capital. In Wennington, a massive grass fire broke out with footage showing fields and buildings engulfed in black smoke on the hottest day ever recorded in the UK. Some 15 fire crews and 100 firefighters are currently battling the blaze at the scene in the Essex village, emergency services said. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the LFB is "under immense pressure" as he urged people to be safe, adding the situation is "critical". In a separate tweet, Mr Khan outlined how to prevent fires, including avoiding barbecuing on grass or balconies, leaving broken bottles or glass on grass, disposing of cigarettes safely and reporting fires as soon as they are seen. At least one home is known to have been completely destroyed in Wennington. Nearby fields were seen to be completely scorched and burning intensely. It is not known if anybody was hurt. An LFB spokesperson said: "Common causes of grass fires include carelessly discarded cigarettes or matches, as well as rubbish left lying around such as glass bottles, which can start flames by magnifying the sun's rays. The service also issued a list of at least 10 major fires it is attending at the moment. There are: – 30 fire engines dealing with a grass fire on Pea Lane in Upminster– 14 fire engines tackling a fire on The Green in Wennington– 12 fire engines tackling a fire involving garden fencing and trees on Uxbridge Road in Pinner– 10 fire engines tackling a restaurant fire on Green Lanes in Southgate– Eight fire engines tackling a grass fire on Oaks Road in Croydon– Eight fire engines tackling a grass fire on Ballards Road in Dagenham– Eight fire engines tackling a fire on the Broadway in Wembley– Six fire engines tackling a grass fire on Sunningfields Crescent in Hendon– Four fire engines tackling a grass fire on Chapel View in Croydon– Four fire engines tackling a fire on Sidcup Road in Eltham In total, fire crews have battled hundreds of wildfires across the country. One regional service said the number of open fires could have tripled this week, PA reported, while the Met Office warned that most of England was at exceptional risk. Some people were forced to evacuate their homes, and the National Trust admitted it was on "tenterhooks" over the possibility of a large-scale blaze. One such blaze erupted near Dartford Crossing, causing panic with flames reaching a housing estate. News of the fire was quick to spread on social media. One Twitter user, @Pengdeja, said they could see a “massive fire” in the area. “Nine fire engines and a height vehicle have been sent to the scene, where crews are working to extinguish the fire.” Verge Senior Editor Tom Warren wrote in a post on Twitter: “We rarely see awful scenes like this in the UK due to the weather. “A grass fire has reached houses near Dartford in Kent, and has already destroyed some nearby buildings.” She wrote: “Fire brigade are there now and working on putting it out.” @LOL_VO reported the same information online. This comes as Britain recording its highest temperatures yet. DON'T MISSBritons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION]Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] The record was provisionally broken before midday, with a 39.1 degree Celsius temperature noted in Charlwood, Surrey. It has since been further topped. The Met Office reported just before 1pm: “For the first time ever, 40 Celsius has provisionally been exceeded in the UK. “Temperatures are still climbing in many places, so remember to stay weather aware.” They wrote: “Huge fire near Dartford crossing.” Footage shared on Sky News showed the fire also reaching a local residential area. There are currently no reports of any injuries.