Russia has objected to NATO's eastern creep, threatening retaliation if the alliance added Finland and Sweden. As Putin's invasion of Ukraine continues, the two soon-to-be members felt the security situation in the Baltic warranted additional security, which NATO has now agreed to offer. The warning means the military alliance is at increased risk of conflict with the country and possibly some of its nearby allies. NATO is one of many international policy-sharing organisations, as Russia is part of one named BRICS. BRICS is an acronym grouping five emerging economies, including Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. Aside from South Africa, each nation has a population and GDP value in the world's top 10 and represents billions of people. READ MORE: Wimbledon nightmare as Russia claim Moscow-born finalist as their own BRICS and NATO do not exist for the same purpose, as the former organisation is dedicated solely to shared financial ties. They aren't a formal or informal alliance, don't have cooperative military arrangements like NATO and, crucially, are not always ideologically aligned. The four BRICS nations have a history of disagreeing with one another on several fronts, and most members have remained neutral in Russia's conflict with Ukraine. If Russia negotiated a military pact with BRICS, their alliance would hold most of the world's nuclear weapons. According to the Arms Control Association (ACA), nine nations currently possess nuclear warheads. Four of those - the US, UK, France and Israel - belong to NATO, boasting a combined total of approximately 6,155 warheads. The three nuclear-capable BRICS members would have hundreds more at their collective disposal if they aligned militarily. Russia, India and China are the three nuclear BRICS nations. Putin alone possesses more warheads than the entirety of NATO alone, as the ACA estimates Russia has 6,257. Adding China and India to the occasion would leave the three nations with 6,763 altogether. Their total would exceed NATO's by 608, giving them a clear advantage in threatening nuclear war. But China, India and Russia may not need to threaten war in conflict with the west, as BRICS shows they are highly valuable. The nations within the collected economies have 26.7 percent of the world's land surface and 41.5 percent of its population. They also supply services used worldwide, with India vital for drug production and engineering, Russia for oil exports, China for a significant amount of western manufacturing, and Brazil and South Africa for oils and ore. Threatening to withdraw these services would force any combative western nations to reconsider their positions before a war is on the cards.