Russia has claimed Moscow-born Elena Rybakina’s run to the Wimbledon ladies’ singles final as their own success, despite the tournament’s ban on players representing the country. The 17th seed plays for Kazakhstan after switching allegiances back in 2018 and will face third seed Ons Jabeur for the title in tomorrow’s final. Rybakina defeated former champion Simona Halep in straight sets on Thursday to book her place in a maiden Grand Slam final. The Kazakh will take on Jabeur for the title but her success has been claimed by several Russian websites, causing controversy after the All England Club banned players who represent the country in an attempt to stop any chance of the country using their players’ achievements as a form of propaganda. The 23-year-old was born in Moscow and represented Russia until 2018, when she obtained Kazakh citizenship and changed allegiances to represent the country after being given a financial boost from the Kazakhstan Tennis Federation. She has already opened up on the difficulty of whether she feels more Russian or Kazakh earlier this week but Russian news websites are now claiming her as their own. “This is our Lena - a native of Moscow in the Wimbledon final!” a headline on the notorious Russian website Championat reads. They continue to refer to her as a Moscow-native who has been representing Kazakhstan, rather than as a Kazakh player in her own right. JUST IN: Coach saved British hope Cameron Norrie from crashing out of tennis Another article of theirs reads: “The Russian tennis player will still be in the final of the main grass tournament! No matter how the British authorities resisted this. Ironically, on Saturday, July 9, a Russian girl will still appear on Wimbledon's Centre Court.” Following her quarter-final win over Ajla Tomljanovic on Wednesday, the world No 23 was asked whether she felt more Russian or Kazakh and replied: “It's [a] tough question. I was born in Russia, but of course I am representing Kazakhstan.” The Kazakh was asked about her Russian roots again after beating Halep 6-3 6-3 and said she didn’t live anywhere, admitting that she “felt” for Russian players who couldn’t compete. “I answer these questions yesterday. As I said yesterday, I can repeat it now: I'm playing already for Kazakhstan for a long time,” she said when asked whether she felt as though she was representing Russia with their players banned. DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios' mum speaks out as Rafael Nadal grants Aussie free passNadal opens up as Wimbledon injury robs him chance to outdo DjokovicNadal Wimbledon exit 'smart decision' as he had 'no chance' vs Kyrgios  “I'm really happy representing Kazakhstan. They believed in me. There is no more question about how I feel. It's just already long time my journey as a Kazak player. I played Olympics, Fed Cup.” Back in April, AELTC chairman Ian Hewitt confirmed that Wimbledon did not allow Russian players who signed a declaration condemning Putin and the war to compete as their success could still be used as part of the country’s propaganda.  "Even if we were to accept entries with a declaration," it would "risk their success or participation being used to benefit the propaganda machine of Russian regime,” he said in the spring press conference. But the club now face the almost-inevitable fate of Russia claiming Rybakina’s success as their own and it remains to be seen whether the Kremlin use her final - and potential title win - as part of their propaganda. 