Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton both received engagement rings that were not only stunning but steeped in royal history and sentimentality. Jon White, Director of a leading precious metals buyer, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about diamond trilogy rings and sapphire rings - and what they represent. Meghan Markle's engagement ring is a trilogy ring featuring three diamonds. The central stone is a 6ct diamond sourced from Botswana, a country very close to Prince Harry and Meghan's hearts. The young Prince visited the country after his mother died for a sense of "escapism". He reportedly took then girlfriend Meghan to Meno a Kwena, a campsite in Botswana, for their third date. READ MORE: Beatrice's engagement ring resembles Queen's 'breathtaking' jewel The smaller two stones which flank the Botswana diamond are from Princess Diana's personal collection. According to experts at Steven Stone jewellers, the piece is worth about £120,000. Speaking about diamonds, the expert called them a "classic gemstone", as well as "the most popular choice when it comes to engagement rings". "However, rather than being the star of the show, they often accompany a larger, coloured gem such as a sapphire or emerald" - like Kate Middleton's engagement ring. But aside from the ring's connection to Diana and one of the couple's first dates, what exactly does a trilogy ring represent? Jon White told Express.co.uk: "A trilogy ring is a ring that features three stones, and they are a popular choice for engagements. "In history, they have been known to represent the Holy Trinity; the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. "Others believe the trilogy ring to symbolise different stages of our lives, the past, the present and the future." READ MORE: Beatrice wears pricier version of Kate's 'best selling' dress He continued: "Usually, a trilogy ring is made up of three diamonds, or a large feature gemstone accompanied by two smaller diamonds. "Prince Harry decided to choose a trilogy design for the ring he used to propose to Meghan Markle, which definitely led to a rise in buyers choosing this type of engagement ring at the time." Kate Middleton's engagement ring is wholly different but just as beautiful and sentimental. The 12ct Ceyclon sapphire previously belonged to Kate's late mother-in-law Diana, and was passed down to Prince Harry before he generously offered it to older brother William. According to a study by Angelic Diamonds, the Duchess of Cambridge's ring is worth an enormous £400,000. At the time it was bought for Diana, it reportedly cost £47,000. Speaking about this particular type of jewel, Jon said: "More than anything else, a Ceylon Sapphire symbolises loyalty. "Known for its range of deep blue hues, these sapphires bring to mind luxury, class and wisdom, and for those reasons have always been favoured by the Royal Family. "When it comes to engagement rings featuring the Ceylon Sapphire, there is none more famous than the Duchess of Cambridge’s ring, originally belonging to the late Diana, Princess of Wales. "This iconic ring triggered a huge trend in sapphire engagement rings, immediately following both Princess Diana and Kate Middleton’s engagements." Kate's Ceylon sapphire is surrounded by 14 solitaire diamonds. Jon White, Director of leading precious metals buyer Gold-Traders.