July is a great month to get out in the garden and do some planting. Daisy Payne, This Morning’s resident gardening presenter, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the best plants and vegetables to grow this month. The benefits of grabbing those gardening gloves this July are manifold. July is the optimum time to start gardening as both soil and air temperatures are high, days are longer and warmer, and light levels are better. But despite it being a great time for growth, gardening enthusiasts should be particularly mindful during this typically warm month. Daisy explained: “In July we hope for that summer sun, so if the weather lives up to this expectation it’s really important to make sure all your plants and crops are getting good amounts of water." READ MORE: Camilla stuns as cover star for Country Life magazine - pictures It's a good thing July is set to be a scorcher, as gardeners may find themselves in their gardens watering more frequently than in rainier months. But even extremely busy horticulturalists can enjoy gardening this month with a few low maintenance options. Daisy said: "Some vegetables are known for not needing too much looking after to make your life as easy as possible when it comes to gardening – try growing kale and carrots. “But let’s not forget about flowers, there has been a huge uplift in people wanting to attract wildlife and let it thrive in their gardens. "Planting wildflowers is a brilliant way to increase wildlife in your garden." What's more, Daisy said: “From novice to expert they are easy to plant". Not to mention, these flowers are both particularly "beautiful", according to the expert. But what will you find gardening guru Daisy planting this month? READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share household item hack for ousting weeds from paving "I’d opt for Erysimum and Aubrieta as they can be planted early July," she told Express.co.uk. Erysimum can vary between pink, butterscotch and violet. Aubrieta is found in shades of pink and purple. Daisy continued: “I choose this because they're beautiful summer-flowering plants that add lovely colour in beds, borders and containers. "So if your garden needs some colour, get planting now!" And those who do not have gardens needn't feel left out. She added: “The best thing is that all of this can be done in window boxes or small spaces, as well as gardens and larger outdoor spaces!" Daisy Payne has partnered with Birds Eye with an aim to help increase biodiversity through sustainable farming practices. They have also introduced initiatives such as planting 75 acres of wildflowers.