The sister of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, is said to have given birth to her third child in June. And Rose, the name reportedly chosen by Pippa and her husband James Matthews for the newborn, has two links with the Royal Family. A source told the Daily Mail: "Rose has been the name of some royals across the centuries, including Mary Tudor, known as ‘Mary Rose’, Queen of France." Moreover, another member of the Firm closer in time has a strong connection with the name Rose. The full name of the Queen's sister, born in August 1930, was Princess Margaret Rose. Pippa sparked pregnancy rumours in June, when she attended the Party at the Palace concert. Kate's sister was spotted smiling and chatting to her husband Mr Matthews and brother, James Middleton. The 38-year-old glowed in a bright green dress, which appeared to cover a baby bump. After reports of the birth became widespread, a source told Us Weekly Kate has "already met" her youngest niece. The Duchess, they added, is "overjoyed" for her sister. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie at Philip's funeral Speaking about Pippa and Mr Matthews, the source also claimed: "Pippa is doing well since giving birth to Rose. "She and James are absolutely infatuated with their bundle of joy and are adapting well to being parents of three." Three years ago, the couple became parents of their first son, Arthur. They are also the proud mum and dad of one-year-old Grace. The baby news comes amid reports the Matthews are moving to Pippa's childhood village in Berkshire. The family has reportedly bought a home distancing only 20 minutes from Pippa and Kate's parents' residence in Bucklebury. Kate, Prince William and their three children have also been widely rumoured to be moving out of London and relocating to Windsor this summer. The Cambridges have reportedly chosen Adelaide Cottage as their new residence, a home built in 1831 for Queen Adelaide, wife of King William IV. Among its former tenants, it counts Group Captain Peter Townsend, who famously had a relationship with Princess Margaret. As it was renovated in 2015, the home is considered ready for its new tenants. The house is only a short walk away from Windsor Castle and at a much closer distance to Carole and Michael Middleton's residence than Kensington Palace. The Cambridges have been tipped to retain their home in London as their working office and to continue to use their beloved house in Norfolk, Anmer Hall, for their breaks. Speaking about the Cottage and how it could improve Kate, William and their children's life, royal expert Katie Nicholl previously told OK! magazine: "We know Kate and William adore the countryside, and Windsor gives the children all the freedom and space that they need. "It’s significantly more private and less overlooked – which is why all royals love the country – but is also a reasonable distance from London to commute when necessary. "They'll be closer to both the Queen and the Middletons, which is great news for everyone."