Sky might be famed for its TV service but customers can save some serious money if they make a change to their smartphone plan. That's all thanks to Sky Mobile with this O2-powered network currently offering television users a great money-saving deal. If you've already signed up for Sky broadband or TV you'll be able to grab a brilliant bargain on Sky Mobile, with a SIM-only plan available for just £3 a month. This deal, which can be claimed via the Sky VIP rewards app, slashes the price of the 2GB plan which usually costs £6 a month in half. Sky VIP users will receive this promotional price for the first six months of the 12-month contract, after which they'll pay £6 a month. If this deal interests you, the good news is Sky VIP is a free-to-use rewards programme for existing Sky customers. You can access this and other promotional offers by heading to the My Sky App, with users then directed to the Sky VIP page. The £3 SIM offer can be redeemed there, with this deal running until July 28. While this Sky SIM comes in at a bargain price it packs in a number of great perks. Firstly, despite paying just £3 a month you'll get unlimited texts and calls, plus the ability to change your data plan whenever you need more or less data. You will also be able to roll over any unused data each month for up to three years. With 2GB of data, you might think you won't have much - if any - data to carry over to the next month. But there is one thing that will help you save on your data usage, and that's the ability to stream Sky Apps without using your data. If you're a Sky TV customer that uses Sky Go to catch up on your favourite shows or movies then this is great news, and will make sure you don't eat away at your monthly data allowance when you the Sky app. Besides this perk, there are a number of other great promotions and freebies available with Sky VIP. Existing Sky customers can right now claim a year's worth of access to the Discovery+ service (priced £6.99 a month) entirely for free, which will let you watch live sports with Eurosport and binge through Discovery's huge catalogue of real-life, documentary and true crime shows. Sky VIP customers can also claim a free movie to watch via the Sky Store, with hit blockbusters from last year like The Matrix Resurrections and Spider-Man No Way Home included in the promotion.