Prince Harry will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. The Duke of Sussex said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man, he has "become". Royal author Angela Levin predicted that he could discuss family rows or royal security. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms Levin said: "It's washing dirty linen in public and it can be small things. "He's supposed to be getting about £13million. "They want a story and they won't want how lovely everything is because that's not going to work. "I think that it could be a small argument between people that he would blow up or it could be revealing secrets about security. READ MORE: Who was the 'Other Prince William'? Duke of Cambridge's namesake "It could be almost anything. An A-Z of what he's complaining about." She went on to say Harry "has a lot of poison in his blood". Ms Levin continued: "He's now so bitter and resentful that he will say what he really feels and see things that he accepted years ago as now being really dreadful. "I think he really wants to show his power over William because he was fed up with being the spare rather than the heir. "I think he’s got a lot of poison in his blood now about what he feels about his background and his family." Royal writer Robert Jobson added: "It’s going to be the up-to-date stuff that’s going to be the explosive stuff, who made who cry in the Meghan and Kate scenario. "I’m sure those things – if they are addressed at all – will cause major problems." Meanwhile, royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti has warned the Royal Family that Harry has "plenty to tell". DON'T MISS Royal Family: Meghan given nickname by California neighbours [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [ANALYSIS]Prince George 'refused' to take William's advice at Wimbledon [VIDEO] Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Sacerdoti said: "We know that they have these commercial contracts in place with Spotify and Netflix and we may see something coming out of those. "We also know on their imitation royal tour to New York, it was rumoured they were filming for some project because there was a cameraman spotted who wasn't part of the press park and Prince Harry was seen wearing a concealed microphone with a wire sticking out. "It was assumed they were filming for something during that trip. "Then of course there's Harry's book, he signed that massive publishing deal. "I think we can expect to see some controversy from that book because I don't think publishers pay that kind of money unless they expect to get something quite substantial in return. Also, he's got plenty to tell. He's got quite a life story that people are interested in reading about."