AMC’s hit crime series Better Call Saul will return to screens on Monday with the remainder of its sixth and final season, following its mid-season finale. Ahead of its comeback, Kim Wexler star Rhea Seehorn reflected on her character’s first-ever scene with Mike Ehrmantraut and paid a touching tribute to the actor.  With the final few episodes of Better Call Saul fast approaching, the stars of the thriller have been reflecting on their journey with the show which premiered in 2015. The AMC drama serves as the spin-off and prequel series to Netflix’s hit crime series Breaking Bad. With the finale airing next week, the episode is expected to bridge the two shows together. Despite the fact both Kim Wexler (played by Rhea Seehorn) and Mike Ehrmantraut made their debut in the show’s pilot episode, they shared a scene for the first time in season six.  READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film During her interview with Gold Derby, Seehorn spoke on the long-awaited moment and revealed: “We’ve wanted to have a scene together for a long time. “We love each other very much as friends off-screen and I hope that he respects my work, he says he does. “And I have tremendous respect for his work, so that was a lot of fun.” The two finally came face-to-face in the season six episode titled ‘HIt and Run.’  After she suspected she was being trailed by undercover police, Mike revealed the men following her worked for him as Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton)could still be alive. As a result, Mike who was a former cop ensured there were men to surveil anyone Lalo could contact. During their conversation, Kim realised Mike was the person who saved Jimmy’s life in the desert. When she asked Mike why he chose to tell her about Lalo instead of Jimmy, he responded she could take the news as she is “made of sterner stuff.”  DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions Better Call Saul season 6: Why Kim lied about Lalo exposed [INSIGHT]When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? [INSIGHT] Then when he left, Kim also recognised him as the former courthouse parking lot attendant. This episode was also a huge milestone for Seehorn as it marked her television directorial debut as she became the first cast member to step behind the camera for the series. Seehorn also opened up about this during her interview with Gold Derby as she revealed: “That episode is done by dates, the directing slots. “Just so everyone knows, I wasn’t gunning to direct myself a lot, it just happened that way.”  She continued: “I ended up having some of the media’s Kim challenging scenes in the episode, including the one with Jonathan [Banks]. “Also realising that she’s being followed, the wonderful scene in the bed Jimmy, that’s a callback to when they were eating pie.” When Better Call Saul returns to screens, viewers will finally find out why Kim does not appear in Breaking Bad, even though her husband Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) did. Many anticipated her death and suggested it was too painful for Saul to mention as a reason he never once spoke about her in the original series. Better Call Saul is available in the US on AMC and available in the UK on Netflix. 