The seven-year-old's mum claims she had lathered her in Nivea Sun Protect and Moisture before sending her out into the garden to enjoy the hot weather with her brother on Monday afternoon, July 11. However, within five minutes, Jasmine William heard her daughter "squealing" and shouting "my back is on fire". Jasmine says as soon as her daughter ran into the house she could see that her back and shoulders had turned bright red, with giant blisters beginning to form on her skin, reports North Wales Live. Jasmine, from Pwllheli, North Wales, described her daughter's ordeal as "horrific". She said: "At first I thought she was fighting with her brother but I quickly noticed the difference in her cry and she started shouting 'my back is on fire'." The 27-year-old added: "She ran in and I could see the blisters forming before my eyes. "I didn't know what to do - I couldn't touch her to comfort her, I couldn't hold her because it was too painful for her. "I thought she was going to collapse in pain, she was absolutely hysterical. Her skin looked as though she'd had boiling water from a kettle poured on her."  A Nivea Sun spokesperson said the firm had been in touch with the family to "understand more about what happened in this instance". The mum says her daughter has no allergies and has never had an issue with any suncream in the past. She said: "I feel riddled with guilt. I always check the labels on everything, it's a habit because some of my family members have allergies. "She was adamant she didn't want to go to the hospital after a bad experience when she was younger so I took her to the chemist and they said it doesn't look anything like an allergic reaction. "I just want other parents to be aware. I feel so guilty that this has happened but at least if I put it out there then people will know." A Nivea Sun spokesperson said "consumer trust in the safety of our products is our highest priority and we are dedicated to developing products that reliably and effectively protect against sun damage". "We are currently in contact with Jasmine William, who contacted our consumer relations team via email yesterday (Monday 11th July) and has since had a telephone consultation this afternoon to understand more about what happened in this instance. "We rigorously test each of our NIVEA SUN formulations and their labelled SPFs according to internationally standardised test methods at independent test institutes, so we can always ensure consistent, high-quality efficacy and consumer safety of all NIVEA SUN products." The Met Office has issued an updated weather warning as the UK prepares for "exceptionally high temperatures" over the coming week.