Manchester United are due to launch their new home shirt today, it has been claimed. And, with that being the case, it’s possible they’ll confirm a deal for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. The Glazers have made it clear over the years how much they value the business side of the club - and announcing a new signing would certainly be a way of ensuring the cash rolls in. Manchester United have spent the past couple of months aggressively pursuing a deal for De Jong. At first, it appeared they were wasting their time with the 25-year-old making it clear that he wants to stay at Barcelona. But United have made progress in the time since and, now, are understood to be closing in on a deal for the Netherlands international. The Red Devils have agreed to pay an initial £56.2million for the player, who previously flourished under the guidance of Erik ten Hag at Ajax. And they’ve started to draw up a presentation plan for the midfielder, who is expected to be unveiled at Old Trafford. There’s been talk of this potentially happening over the weekend. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But with United due to launch their new home shirt today, according to Footy_Headlines who have leaked the kit early, it’s possible the Red Devils will go early and announce their latest recruit to the rest of the world. The Glazers have made it abundantly clear over the years how much they value the money United generates. That’s why, despite strong opposition to their ownership, they remain in the power positions. And what better way to sell new shirts by giving fans somebody fresh to get on the back of them? While De Jong isn’t a superstar in the mould of Cristiano Ronaldo, he’s still a player regarded as one of the best in his position in the whole of world football. And he’d likely be a popular choice for supporters when it comes to their preference. Last summer, Ronaldo smashed United’s shirt sale records in just under four hours following his return from Juventus after 12 years away. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen In 2018, it was Alexis Sanchez who had the No 1 selling shirt in the Premier League following his return from Arsenal last year. And that suggests a new recruit is certainly a shrewd way of ensuring fans buy your merchandise. United were also smart enough to put Jadon Sancho in their jersey a year ago, following his arrival from Borussia Dortmund. So, for that reason, it’s feasible the Red Devils will announce De Jong today in order to ensure their latest strip sells out fast. United, like the rest of the clubs in the Premier League, used to wear a kit for two seasons rather than one. But that all changed in 2009, with the Red Devils releasing a brand new jersey every year since. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United will be hoping they can achieve success no matter what their shirt looks like as they plan for a brighter future under Erik ten Hag. And De Jong isn’t the only player on the Dutchman’s radar as he looks to overhaul the standards at Old Trafford. Tyrell Malacia is close to joining from Feyenoord, having previously appeared set for a move to France with Lyon. United want to bring in Lisandro Martinez, who is also attracting interest from Premier League rivals Arsenal. And they’re determined to snap up Antony, too, though Ajax have made it clear they want around £70m to let the Brazil international go. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, United legend Wes Brown recently talked up the Barcelona star while speaking exclusively to Express Sport. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he said when asked if the player would be a good signing for United. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.”