Unfortunately no-one can escape the cost of living crisis but for Elaine Wishart it’s been particularly tough as she finds herself between contracts. Elaine, 54, told Express.co.uk how she's discovered a way to make savings by slashing the cost of her food shopping. The Bristol resident continued: “I’ve joined a food club - it’s not a food bank. “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. “They bring it to a food club and you can pick what you want from different stations. “I reckon each week I get about £20 to £30 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting." READ MORE: Man says he's forced to skip meals after his energy bill quadrupled The Bristol resident continued: “I’ve joined a food club - it’s not a food bank. “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. “They bring it to a food club and you can pick what you want from different stations. “I reckon each week I get about £20 to £30 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting." DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] She added:“Because I’m a cook, I love it because it’s like Ready, Steady Cook but it doesn’t suit everyone. “But I love it because I think, ‘What am I going to make, what am I going to do?” The food club she mentions is in Bristol but a quick Google search shows there are others across the UK. These clubs are run by groups of people who pool time and buying power to save on high-quality, healthy food that is delivered to a drop-off location. READ MORE: ‘Best on the market’ Raisin launches savings account offering 2.7% It’s another way of getting hold of yellow sticker bargains without having to fight for them at the supermarket. A supermarket worker from Hampshire told Express.co.uk in February the best ways to get hold of a bargain. The 48-year-old dad found himself down on his luck six years ago after his business folded but kept his family afloat by relying on cut price food. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He told Express.co.uk: “You literally get fights now between people trying to grab a bargain. I’m not joking. “18 months ago it was just the regulars - maybe half a dozen just looking for a bargain. “But now it’s people from all walks of life. “These people are coming specifically because they know the only way they are going to afford to live off their budget is to grab a yellow sticker bargain.” Do you have a personal finance story or money saving tip to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from you. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 