Prime Day has arrived. The annual blockbuster sales event will run until 11.59pm on July 13, 2022 with thousands of discounts across all departments. We've rounded up the best Prime Day deals to save you the hassle to trawling through pages and pages of discounts. But before you start adding items to your basket... there is a catch. As you might've guessed from the name, Prime Day is reserved for Prime members only. You'll need to be signed-up to Amazon Prime to access all of the best discounts and bundles. That costs either £7.99 per month, or £79 per year. However, it is possible to get Amazon Prime for free. Amazon offers a 30-day free trial which unlocks all Prime Day 2022 deals as well as next-day delivery (or same-day in some areas). And don't despair if you've previously taken advantage of a Prime free trial as Amazon refreshes the trial for customers every 12 months or so. That means you might be able to test out the membership scheme again for Prime Day 2022. Click here to find out whether your account is eligible again for a Prime trial. Prime Day 2022 lasts 48-hours, with new Lightning Deals (what Amazon calls its limited time discounts) released throughout that period. All deals expire will expire by 11.59pm Wednesday July 13, 2022 so you'll need to act fast if you want to make sure you bag the bargain you've got your eye on! Prime members don't only unlock access to deals and discounts during the sales event ...there are a number of other perks too. Prime members enjoy free next-day delivery on thousands of items sold by Amazon (in some parts of the UK, you'll be able to get same-day delivery too), exclusive boxsets and blockbusters from Prime Video, access to millions of tracks and hand-curated playlists via Prime Music, free PC games to download and keep via Prime Gaming, unlimited cloud back-up for all of your photos with Amazon Photos, and more. You can find all of the benefits of Prime membership here. Speaking about the latest Prime Day bargain bonanza, John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon, said: "Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day. From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile." READ MORE