The 18-year-old revealed to Ranvir Singh, who is currently hosting the ITV show, she wants to do her character’s current pregnancy storyline justice for all the real- life teen mums. However, the Emmerdale star admitted getting into the mindset to act out moving scenes can be "exhausting". Daisy's character, Amelia, is at the heart of a mental health storyline surrounding body image and a secret pregnancy. After a compilation of scenes from the show was played which showed the actress giving heartfelt performances, Ranvir questioned if acting with such intensity takes it out of her. Daisy replied: “Yeah, it’s crazy. “I think I’m so used to doing emotional scenes now because I feel like my character’s been through so much over the past 11 years.”    The 18-year-old continued: “It is exhausting and getting into that mindset is kind of exhausting as well. “But once you’ve done it, it’s the best feeling ever, breaking out crying in a scene is the best feeling because you’ve just done it then, you’ve done what you needed to do.” The storyline currently playing out in the ITV soap is one Daisy requested from scriptwriters herself. The actress shared she went to the producers with her on-screen dad Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) to pitch the idea.   “We pitched it to them and they were like, ‘yeah, we’ll think about it,''' Daisy explained. However, it wasn’t until January she discovered her character would be falling pregnant later on in the year. Ranvir said: “That all ties in with why you’ve got involved in the Britain Get Talking campaign on ITV because your character feels like she can’t open up to her family.” Daisy replied: “Yeah, she’s got this whole vulnerable side coming out, especially with this storyline.   “I feel like there’s so much anxiety building up inside of her and she’s so young, she’s only 15. “She’s got nobody to speak to, she can’t speak out to anyone so I think that’s why it really ties in well with the campaign.” ITV’s Britain Get Talking is a campaign supported by Mind and YoungMinds to encourage people to look after their mental health by connecting with others. Since it launched in 2019, the broadcaster's research indicates Britons have had 100million new or more meaningful conversations as a result of the campaign.    Daisy admitted there has been a lot of reaction from young people surrounding her storyline. The actress told Ranvir she wants to be able to do the plot justice for all the teen mums watching. She said: “That’s why I’m doing this, it’s for them really.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.  