Barcelona are reportedly considering using Memphis Depay as part of a deal for Sevilla defender Jules Kounde. It has been widely claimed that the Frenchman is one of Chelsea’s key transfer targets so the move would come as a huge blow for the London side. Kounde is one of the most sought-after defenders in world football following three impressive seasons at Sevilla. At just 23-years-old he is seen as a player with huge potential that could be a mainstay within the backline at a top team for the next decade. Chelsea are in desperate need of defensive reinforcements after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen departed when their contracts expired at the end of the season. It is also expected that long-serving Spaniards Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso will return to their home country this summer. That has left the club with just Thiago Silva available from their first choice back three and they have urgently sought to bring in more options. However, their quest to sign Kounde may have taken a hit as a result of Barcelona’s actions. Gerard Romero has reported that the Catalan side are prepared to offer Depay alongside cash for the young centre-half. The Dutch forward only has one year remaining on his contract at the Camp Nou and is not the kind of striker that Xavi is looking for long-term. DON'T MISS: Thomas Tuchel could be on different page to Todd Boehly as Neymar to Chelsea gathers pace The La Liga runners-up are actively searching for new attacking options with the club heavily linked with moves for Robert Lewandowksi and Raphinha. However, the club are struggling under the weight of financial fair play regulations and must sell before making moves for new faces. Kounde is just one of the names that Chelsea have been credited with a move for this summer. The club are widely reported to be moving closer to a deal for Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt and have had a bid accepted for Barcelona’s target Raphinha. Some reports have linked the Stamford Bridge side with audacious moves for Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar with Todd Boehly keen to make a marquee signing to mark the beginning of his ownership of the club. Silva has thrown his weight behind a move for his close friend and international compatriot Neymar. "He [Neymar] has to go to Chelsea,” the defender said. “If it happens, it would be the best possible thing. I hope it does materialise.” Chelsea fans will watch their transfer business closely as they look to make their first signing of the summer. They will hope that they can see off competition from Barca in order to see Kounde in blue.