Khaliya Lewis and her husband Tim from Suffolk managed to boost the value of their 1930s home by an impressive £175,000 with a nifty renovation. Khaliya, who’s a kitchen designer, renovated their previously dated upstairs bathroom to create a dreamy sanctuary. The 31-year-old told Joseph Joseph that the property was originally bought with her partner Tim, also a designer, as a renovation project. The property is now complete so they decided to get the home revalued. They were surprised to be given an estimate of £175,000 more than the price it was when they purchased it. One of the most impressive renovations, which is featured on their Instagram @property_planning_pair, was their upstairs bathroom. The incredible transformation took the couple around nine months to complete and involved a complete re-haul. At the beginning of the project, the couple had to take the room back to brickwork before the whole house was rewired. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers They then installed a curved stud wall which would then make the perfect backdrop for a freestanding bath. Khaliya said she wanted to give a subtle nod to the 1930s throughout the interiors to reflect the era the property was built in. The couple installed a vintage vanity unit in the bathroom to help create the look. The scallop design of the marble tiles is also reminiscent of the Art Deco era. DON'T MISSHow to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]Chatsworth secret garden unseen for 300 years revealed in heatwave [UPDATE]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [ANALYSIS] Khaliya said she bought the vanity unit from an antique dealer via eBay. She said: “The top was removed and given to a local stonemason I work with as a template, to be remade in a Calacatta marble-style of quartz. “It took a lot more effort than an off-the-shelf product but the result is a one-off, beautiful piece of furniture that creates a unique focal point in the room.” The upstairs bathroom renovation cost the couple roughly £2,450. The tiles cost £850, the vanity £150, the brassware £300, the sanitary-ware £900 and the flooring and installation £250. The kitchen designer said this is “pretty close” to the original budget. Khaliya said after the recent house valuation, the investment was “worth it in the end.” They did a lot of the work themselves but outsourced help when they needed to. Khaliya explained: “We did our research on various installation elements, which resulted in Tim building the curved stud wall himself. “I also tiled the curved wall myself.” The couple were savvy with the materials they used, being thrifty where they could. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  They thrifted the bathroom vanity which cost them £150. They also bought the bathroom tiles from Facebook Marketplace which saved them hundreds. Khaliya said one of the best pieces of design advice for those on a budget is to “choose the one thing that you’ve fallen in love with the most and use that as your focal point”. She added: “Then branch out from it - sourcing secondhand, factory second, etc. Get comparative quotes and be confident in haggling.”