It's on the 96th floor which makes it taller than most of the city's skyscrapers. No balcony though, so I'll not make an offer. Some of the residents of the other apartments are unhappy. The building sways in the wind.  It has to otherwise it would snap in half. There are endless bangs, creaks and rattles and the noise of rubbish going down the chute is said to be like a bomb going off. Living in a penthouse has long signified glamour and luxury. We bought into that modernist dream in the early 20th century as American cities built up and up and up. In Britain after the war, back-to-back terraces that had served communities so well were demolished to make way for high-rise buildings and "streets in the sky". The idea was that elevated walkways outside flats would be places where children would play and housewives would gossip, like they did down on the ground. But as we know, it didn't work out like that. Instead, the walkways became places of menace rather than communal sociability. My sensation in a high-rise flat is weirdly one of claustrophobia. I feel trapped, even though the views are, as people always say, "to die for". I don't mind heights, I just couldn't live like that. In recent years we've seen far too many examples of how vulnerable tall buildings are. The twin towers of the World Trade Center crumbled to ashes. Grenfell Tower was consumed by fire. The wrecked apartment buildings in Ukraine seem like such easy targets for Russian missiles.  Earlier this summer a luxury apartment block in Miami (Champlain Towers) collapsed, killing 98 people. During Shanghai's lengthy Covid lockdown thousands of residents were trapped in their skyscraper homes. The promise of 20th-century modernism was tied up with a belief in technology which would always work and solve our problems. But if you live in a tower block and your elevator is broken that dream turns very sour. Yet construction of high-rise buildings continues at an accelerating pace. In Moscow there are 12,000 high-rise towers, in Hong Kong nearly 8,000. Living in the sky has become the preserve of the very poor and the very rich. Studies have found that living in a tower is bad for both physical and mental health. Though of course there are people who thrive in them.We're all different. But the penthouse on Park Avenue is proving hard to shift.A sign that the dream of the high life is dying?  A super Hornet jet fighter - the kind of US Navy plane that features in the terrific film Top Gun: Maverick - was blown off the deck of an American aircraft carrier last week, dropping straight into the Med... oops. But where was Tom Cruise? Loafing around at Wimbledon I suspect, hobnobbing with royalty. Had he been on call he would have leapt into action, clung on by his fingertips to the wing of the plane, inched his way into the cockpit as it sank beneath the waves, fired the engine while up to his chin in seawater, and triumphantly risen from the sea. Cue music. Time to go home, Tom. Your country needs you. Any self-respecting Conservative leadership candidate must have a video. Well we all need a good laugh these days, because they're all terrible. Even if it's from the one you support it will still be terrible. Penny Mordaunt's is a useful aid to sleep in the hot weather, with a mournful Elgar as background music and a narrator with the soothing voice of a top hospital consultant saying that you have three weeks to live. They all bang on about their patriotism, which surely is a minimum requirement for a prime minister. They all have "a plan" and a promise to "deliver". More delivering than a busy night at Deliveroo. Liz Truss says she will "deliver, deliver and deliver". Extra cheese with mine please. Tom Tugendhat has a plan and says it's "time for a clean start" - as all politicians have done since the beginning of time. And Rishi Sunak's self-congratulatory story about how well he's done is a bit rich. Just like he is. A SUPER Hornet jet fighter - the kind of US Navy plane that features in the terrific film Top Gun: Maverick - was blown off the deck of an American aircraft carrier last week, dropping straight into the Med... oops. But where was Tom Cruise? Loafing around at Wimbledon I suspect, hobnobbing with royalty. Had he been on call he would have leapt into action, clung on by his fingertips to the wing of the plane, inched his way into the cockpit as it sank beneath the waves, fired the engine while up to his chin in seawater, and triumphantly risen from the sea. Cue music. Time to go home, Tom. Your country needs you.  My mother-in-law, who is in her 90s, has recently had a stairlift installed. Visitors are welcome to have a go, a stately fairground ride which sweeps magically round the corner, pauses at the top and then wafts you back downstairs. Hours of fun - and life-enhancing for her. Meanwhile, her youngest great-granddaughter has just begun to walk. What a poignant and perfect example of our human journey, from learning how to walk to learning how not to. Earlier in the week today was billed as beginning the run-up to the hottestever days in Britain and experts say we must brace ourselves for the inferno by staying indoors with the curtains drawn. Well, by one of those happy accidents of good timing I will be on a Cornish beach enjoying the sea breeze which is always pleasantly...er... bracing. Sorry Cornish people, I know we tourists are a mixed blessing, but at least he and I are regulars and take our rubbish home. The warnings about how to conduct yourself in hot weather get trotted out every year as though they're a blinding new insight. My favourite is that overheated ladies must resist the urge to cool their private parts with an iced lolly. In a recent interview Dr Sarah Welsh said: "There are many things that should never go near a vagina, and ice lollies are up there." I can honestly say, cooling off by applying a Calippo to my intimate area would never have occurred to me, and I'd bet you a Fab to a Solero it's never occurred to anyone else. What is a woman? Last week I'd taken my seat in a theatre when another member of the audience came in wearing a maxi skirt and bare feet. A nice summery skirt in cornflower blue. He was a middleaged man with a greying beard, but you know, live and let live. No problem with that. He was about to sit down when he changed his mind and began to climb over the row in front of him. Had he perhaps forgotten he was wearing a skirt? The material caught on the back of the seat leaving him hopelessly trapped, straining forwards as though trudging into a strong head wind. After a lengthy struggle he managed to execute a half-turn and unhook the skirt from the back of the seat. It would have taken a heart of stone not to laugh. What is a woman? A woman is someone who knows never to clamber over a theatre seat in anything but trousers. 