Isis-inspired Abedi, 22, killed 22 men, women and children and injured hundreds more by detonating a bomb outside an Ariana Grande concert on May 22, 2017. Two years ago his younger brother Hashem Abedi, now 24, was jailed for life with a minimum of 55 years for helping plan the massacre and murdering all those who died. Last year their elder sibling Ismail Abedi, 28, was ordered by chairman Sir John Saunders to appear at the public inquiry but instead fled the UK and has not returned. Yesterday at Manchester Magistrates' Court, he was convicted by District Judge Jack McGarva of failing without reasonable excuse to do something required by a Section 21 notice. The case was adjourned to August 2. Abedi was warned that if he does not attend that hearing a warrant will be issued for his arrest. The judge said: "The court is bound to consider passing a custodial sentence. There is a very high level of public interest in ensuring people co-operate with public inquiries." He said Abedi could have given evidence on "some really key points the families of the deceased would have appreciated answers to". It was hoped that the IT worker would explain how his younger brothers were radicalised.The inquiry would also like to know how Ismail's DNA was found on a hammer in a car used by Salman Abedi to store the homemade explosives.  Prosecutor Nicholas de la Poer QC said: "You can be sure from the chronology that the defendant, from the first, was determined not to cooperate with the inquiry." The court heard Ismail Abedi wrote to the inquiry refusing to attend, claiming he was worried about incriminating himself and concerned for the safety of himself and his family. He was told by the inquiry that such privilege could only ever be claimed on a question-by-question basis, not in blanket form. He asked for immunity from prosecution from the Attorney General before agreeing to give evidence, but Sir John refused the application. Abedi was stopped by police at Manchester Airport on August 28 last year. He told them he was planning to return to Britain the following month. A formal notice was then issued requiring him to attend the inquiry on October 21, 2021. Bereaved families labelled Abedi a "coward" when he refused to give evidence. Last night Kim Harrison, principal lawyer at Slater and Gordon which represented 11 of the victims' families, said: "While we welcome the conviction of Ismail Abedi, we remain sorely disappointed the conviction had to take place in his absence." She added: "The families deserve to know the truth about what happened that night and the contempt Ismail Abedi has shown them is truly despicable." 