Nick Kyrgios has hinted that his on-court antics are all part of his tactical plan in a new Instagram Q&A. The world No 47 is fresh off the back of reaching a maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon, and during his run some noted that he left out his trick shots in important matches, with the Aussie now seeming to confirm that it’s all part of his game plan.  Kyrgios is fresh off the back of his career-best result at a Major, reaching the championship match for the first time where he lost to Novak Djokovic in four sets. During his run to the final, some noted that the 27-year-old would pick and choose when he brought out his classic on-court antics and trick shots. The former world No 13 found himself embroiled in controversy for spitting towards a spectator after his first-round win and both he and Stefanos Tsitsipas were slapped with fines for their third-round match, as the Greek hit a ball into the stands and Kyrgios called for him to be defaulted. But the Australian was then subdued in his next two matches, and he has now dropped a huge hint that his trademark antics are all tactical. During an Instagram Q&A on Wednesday, the Australian Open doubles champion was asked: “Are your antics tactical and calculated?” The world No 47 played coy but hinted that they were as he responded: “Look at my win/loss record, titles, big wins and prize money, u work it out,” adding a surprised and prayer emoji. JUST IN: Russian tennis ban escalates but Wimbledon punishment not handed out Kyrgios had also hinted that he had the ability to choose when to be more composed during his Wimbledon run, as he stayed composed against Brandon Nakashima and Cristian Garin, with reporters noting that there was a lack of any trick shots during his quarter-final win against Garin, which earned him a first-ever Grand Slam semi-final appearance. “Look, I'm always going to play a tweener here or there when I want, I guess. Today I just felt like I was on the back foot so much, I couldn't afford to play shots like that today, to be honest,” he said in response. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu's 'tough love' from parents as she plots tennis returnRaducanu's new coach 'feared' brutal reputation months before link-upRaducanu hires coach for US Open who 'likes acting like an idiot'   While he received a fine and had called for a “new referee” during his match against Tsitsipas, the 27-year-old also thought he managed to show mental composure in the fiery by staying competitive while the fourth seed was having his own outburst. “I think my mental performance against Tsitsipas was amazing, given the fact that with everything going on in that match, I was still able to maintain good level, that competitiveness,” he explained. “I felt like that was almost the most difficult. A lot of things could have taken my focus away.” 