Houseplants can easily dry out and become unhappy in the summer months. Fans, air conditioning and rising temperatures can cause their compost to dry out more quickly. One important aspect houseplant care is their positioning in the home. Kate Turner, Miracle-Gro’s gardening guru, has shared her tips for looking after houseplants in the summer months. The plant expert said where a houseplant is positioning is the “main thing” indoor plant owners need to be “careful” of. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “The main thing with houseplants is just be careful where they are because where you’ve had them all winter and spring, suddenly they might be near a window sill that’s getting a lot of sunlight. “There’s very few houseplants that like bright, direct sunlight apart from succulents and cacti. “So make sure you move them away from bright sunlight because it gets really hot this time of year and the sun will scorch them and they won’t be happy.” The summer months are also a great time to start regularly feeding houseplants. Kate suggested feeding them once a fortnight and then watering them regularly.  READ MORE: Mum completely transforms caravan she bought for just £1.4k She said: “If you can feed your houseplants now I would feed them once a fortnight with a liquid feed that’s well-diluted. “Up your watering and up your feeding at this time of year with houseplants.” In autumn and winter, plants don’t need to watered as regularly. Some houseplants don’t need feeding, or will require a specific feed like orchids.  DON'T MISSHow to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]How to keep the garden hydrated without using a hose [UPDATE]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [ANALYSIS] Check the plant’s label before feeding them to ensure you’ve got the correct feed. Summer is also the best time to re-pot a houseplant, although this shouldn’t be done on days where temperatures are extremely hot. Kate explained: “When there’s more light levels, you get more growth and you get more light levels this time of year. “If you’ve got a houseplant that is looking too big and the roots are coming out of the pot or it’s toppling over, summer is a great time to re-pot your houseplant. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It’s a really good time. You want a houseplant potting mix. “You put it in a pot that’s not a lot bigger than the one it’s in already. “You don’t want to go into a much bigger pot, so just one size up. “Feed, water and just make sure it’s not in the wrong place. “In the winter, I then say, move a plant nearer the window so now it needs to be moved back, if possible.”  Most houseplants like to be misted as this increases humidity. Kate continued: “If you’ve got a jungle floor houseplant - something with big green leaves like a Swiss cheeseplant or ferns - they like the humidity. “If it’s quite dry like it is at the moment, it’s a really good idea to start spraying with water. “And, you can do that whenever you want. Give it a good mist.” Houseplants that like being misted include orchids, Boston ferns, calathea, prayer plants, peace lilies and aspidistra.