Gardeners have a busy summer ahead in 2022, as searing heat promises to return over the next few weeks. Flowers will demand extra attention to reach their full potential and prevent early death as sky-high temperatures promise to return. Hydrangeas will demand extra special watering care, as the plants have varying needs depending on their age. Hydrangeas are among plants to which gardeners must make a several-year-long commitment. They tend to survive for between two to four years and require varying attention at specific points in their growth. Watering forms a vital part of that cultivation, and they need special care during their first two years. READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass Planting presents the first vital watering window when gardeners move the plants from their containers to a hole in their green space. Budding hydrangeas need a "generous" amount of water when planted, according to experts at Almanac.com. Once the water is absorbed and the rest of their new perch filled in, they need "thorough" watering again. When growing healthily over the next two years, gardeners should inundate their soil with an inch of water per week. Some hydrangeas require more water than others, especially the big leaf and smooth varieties. These are prone to wilting if their soil is not well hydrated, and gardeners should try meeting their needs with a soaker hose. They will ensure the leaves don't deflect water before it reaches the soil. If temperatures breach 30C again in the UK over the next month, people will need to find a way to keep their hydrangeas healthy. Alongside regular watering, it is vital to ensure the plants can stay cool. The most effective way of keeping the heat off is by adding an organic mulch to the soil. The mixture will absorb the heat before it penetrates further down and act as an effective fertiliser, supplying nutrients. Gardeners should ensure they don't fertilise too well, as this can mean leaves receive more nutrients than more desirable blooms.