Lorraine Kelly was joined on her self-titled programme by A-list star Natalie Portman on Tuesday's episode of the ITV show. The on-screen star discussed her role as Jane Foster in Thor: Love And Thunder and shared it was the first time in her career she was asked to bulk up for a job. Ahead of Natalie's appearance, the ITV broadcaster told viewers the actress would be discussing her role as a 40-year-old superhero in the new film. But a social media user explained they were not particularly impressed with Lorraine's introduction of the Hollywood actress as they claimed the age of a male superhero would not have been a part of the "narrative". Taking to Twitter, @Sarah_on_Social wrote: "You’re fab, @reallorraine, but saying that Natalie Portman will be talking about being a 40 year old superhero? Must have missed that narrative about Robert Downey Jr and Mark Ruffalo, both in their 50s, or Chris Evans, who’s the same age as her." Lorraine, 62, took the opportunity to address the criticism as she retweeted the post, in view of her 706,000 followers. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall's brother's ex Marie Helvin talks supermarket work She penned: "Yep. Fair point. Agreed." Another commentator also agreed with the initial tweet, as @RebeccaRoberts wrote: "Next they’ll add in that she’s a mother and 40 and working. Triple threat." The person in question replied: "Yup. How do Robert Downey Jr and Mark Ruffalo balance fatherhood and being a superhero?" The ITV presenter reacted to the follow-up tweet and added: "Fair point which I will put to them."  It comes after Natalie, 41, bulked up to play the superhero in the blockbuster and told how the film is a "highlight" of her career as it has impressed her children Aleph, 11, and Amalia, five. She also thanked filmmaker Taika Waititi for "putting a 40-year-old 5ft 3in mother" in the role, as the character is described in the Marvel comics as being 6ft. Speaking on the ITV show, Natalie said: "It was really wonderful to get to do training, I haven't been tasked in my lifetime to get as big as possible. I'm 5ft3 and my character is 6ft so there's movie magic as well. "It was a really, really lucky role to get to play. I have to credit Taika and Marvel for putting a 40 year old 5ft 3 mother in the role, it's been a major highlight of my career getting to impress my kids!" DON'T MISS... Kate Hudson's brother reacts to actress going topless[LATEST]Liz Hurley's son Damian poses with mum's ex-husband[PICTURES]Mona Hammond dead: EastEnders and Desmond's star dies aged 91[TRIBUTES] On being in a comedic film, Natalie said: "It's fun with a sense of humour plus true heartfelt emotion - nice line of balance in that." Natalie also discussed filming the project in Australia, which she said was like "going back in time" because of the strict Covid rules. She said: "We were very lucky to all get to be in Australia. We were deep in isolation and lockdown when in LA. "And when we got to Australia, because of their strictness in covid, was like going back in time or something." Chris Hemsworth is once again taking on the lead role of Thor while Christian Bale portrays villain Gorr The God Butcher. Elsewhere, Lorraine looked radiant as she attended day eight of Wimbledon in a gorgeous summer dress earlier this week. The presenter sat centre court wearing a blue and white midi dress with an eye-catching lemon print at the hem, telling a fan on Instagram it was just £15 in Primark. She looked happy and healthy after losing 1.5 stone in weight.