Meghan Markle and Prince Harry went to New York to attend the Global Citizen Live concert in Central Park last year. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also visited the city's memorial for the September 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center. Royal expert Neil Sean claimed the couple were accompanied by their own media amid claims they were filming something for Netflix. Speaking on his YouTube channel, he claimed: "The idea was to film interviews their side of it from what they were seeing. "For instance, the 9/11 memorial, meeting with the mayor that sort of stuff. "Then we had Meghan reading to those children in that designer outfit out in Brooklyn. "But really it wasn't enough to make a program, this apparently was a taster teaser to see exactly how things could be developed if they wish to go down that route. READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant "As we know, it's all changed over at Netflix times are hard. Shareholders are demanding more for their money and subscribers are leaving in droves. "Moving forward where does that leave that particular footage for Harry and Meghan out in New York. Seemingly still in the can as they famously say. "Harry and Meghan are very hopeful that somebody somewhere would like to see exactly the behind the scenes of Global Citizen and what happened in New York. "Given the fact Netflix passed on Pearl, I do hope it won't be three times lucky for the ex-royals." It comes as WNBC reporter Romney Smith recalled how Meghan and Harry's photographers and media were outside of the media huddle. Ms Smith told the Royally Obsessed podcast: "The five-minute cue happened four different times and then they said two minutes. "At one point everyone got really, really quiet because we saw a couple of other media people and we were like, 'who are they and why are they in front of the line?' "That's when we realised it really is two minutes because this is their photographers and their media people because none of us knew them." DON'T MISS Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [VIDEO]Meghan Markle 'entitled' to be called princess if Sussex taken [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew could lose royal home in Windsor once Charles is king [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan spoke about vaccine equity with a United Nations official before they join a concert in New York set up to promote the topic. Deputy Secretary-General of the UN Amina Mohammed said she has been speaking to Harry and Meghan about the issue among other fields they "care about deeply" including climate action and mental health. This comes ahead of their attendance at Global Citizen Live, which is being staged in New York's Central Park and around the world, and calls on leaders to adopt a vaccine equity policy. The couple were pictured in front of the UN logo alongside Ms Mohammed on Saturday, with Meghan wearing a beige blouse and trousers with an auburn jacket, and Harry wearing a black suit and blue tie.