I was shocked that the local Council didn’t name the perpetrators of the bombing but instead spoke of the “events” of that day. The sanitising of the past does not come without consequences and if those awful deeds of the IRA are not called out for what they were- cold blooded murder - then the next generation could well be sucked into the mythology and romanticism of the cult of the IRA. Fast forward to this week and scenes from a video clip of a celebration at a pub in Dromore Co. Tyrone are going viral. A group of young people at a social gathering, during but not officially affiliated to the Ulster Fleadh, are singing and dancing to “ooh ah up the RA”, a familiar chant to those of us who live in republican or nationalist areas. In other words, young people, not even alive at the time of the last IRA atrocity are singing the praises and effectively hero worshipping the provisional IRA – an organisation which took the lives of so many of their fellow countrymen. So disgraceful. Reaction was swift from local Unionist politicians but not, at the time of writing, from Sinn Fein or indeed other nationalists. Tom Elliott the local Ulster Unionist and former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party said the chanting was “a glorification of sectarian terrorism” and that every single person in the video (there were many young people involved) should hang their heads in shame. The problem is that the glorification of terrorism by the actions and words of politicians in Sinn Fein have normalised the IRA. These young people don’t see IRA members as criminal murderers, but rather some romantic idea of a freedom fighter. The facts are hidden from these young people who are fed a diet about the brave volunteers who in reality were skulking about in the dead of night murdering their neighbours by shooting them in the back of the head as they returned from work of blowing up towns and villages in the name of republicanism. As I said last week, it is my belief that until legislation is introduced to prevent the lauding of terrorists then the deification of murderers will continue and with it the corruption of yet another generation. As I write the organisers of the Ulster Fleadh, which is an organisation formed to celebrate traditional Irish music, dance and language, have moved quite correctly to distance themselves from the video circulating of the offensive singing. The executive committee of the Ulster Fleadh have taken decisive action and that has to be welcomed, but how did these young people think for a nanosecond that glorifying murderers was socially, never mind morally, acceptable? It says a lot about society in Northern Ireland 24 years after the Belfast (Good Friday) agreement that this sort of sectarian abuse is still seen as a bit of craic. Its not. Just ask the families of those murdered by the IRA if they think it, is just banter. If our young people think that lauding murderers, whatever the cause, is okay and great fun then society in Northern Ireland is in serious trouble. Social norms around decency and morality have been seriously damaged by allowing the continued re-writing of what happened during the Troubles and it has to stop in order to re-set society here, otherwise it is the next generation who will suffer. Murder can never be justified regardless of the cause tagged to the deed in order to “justify” it. That is the basic start of reconciling the community here but it is something that Sinn Fein will never do – their republican cause is more important than reconciliation whatever their grand speeches about a “shared island”. This Sunday will see the people of Claudy mark the 50th anniversary of the bombing of that village by the IRA. Nine people died and many more were injured. The young people in the video currently doing the rounds of social media should be made sit and listen to the quiet testimonies of the families of those killed, that day. They will hear dignity and the continued desire for justice for innocents who had their lives cruelly taken by the very organisation those young people are glorifying. Terrorism is not vague. It is very specific. Ask those who have lost. Innocent victims and their families deserve so much more from the next generation - at the very least they deserve respect and they are not getting it. Maybe if those who chant “up the Ra” were confronted with what the “Ra” has done to Catholics and Protestants alike, then maybe just maybe they will realise the futility and hurtful nature of their jolly song.