Danielle Collins is a face yoga expert who looks remarkably youthful for her 40 years. The facial exercise guru runs a hugely successful Youtube channel The Face Yoga Expert and a podcast, The Face Yoga Expert Podcast. She spoke with Express.co.uk about how you can reduce a double chin. Danielle addressed the question: "Can you really reduce a double chin with facial exercise?" The face yoga expert went on to explain that face yoga can help to make your chin look more toned and defined. Danielle said: "Well, you can’t spot reduce fat as weight loss needs to come from healthy eating and general exercise rather than zoning in on particular areas. "But facial exercise will tone and lift muscles which will help the area look more sculpted and defined. "And facial massage will help reduce any bloating and fluid retention to help the area look more toned and healthier." READ MORE: 'Improvement in two weeks': Face yoga guru Danielle Collins' jowl busting exercises Danielle went on: "Remember working on having good posture also helps this area (particularly be mindful when using screens)." The face yoga expert advised doing her exercises daily for the best results. She told fans: "Consistency is key." Danielle has 17 years of experience teaching face yoga to millions worldwide. She adopted the practise after being diagnosed with ME and university and finding yoga and Pilates to be one of the few things that eased her symptoms. Now she has Diplomas in Face Massage, Professional Relaxation Therapy, Nutrition, Hatha Yoga and Pre and Post Natal Yoga with the British School of Yoga. DON'T MISSMassages to 'improve the appearance of a double chin' [EXPERT] 'No botox needed': Face yoga massage to 'improve lines' [AGEING] 'Relatively unheard of' anti-aging supplement 'improves skin' [BEAUTY] A double chin is also known as submental fat. It's a layer of fat that forms below the chin. Double chins are often caused by weight gain, but not always. You don't have to be overweight to have a double chin. It can also be caused by genetics. Ageing is another factor that can cause a double chin, as older skin is looser. Daily face exercises are said by some to help reduce a double chin. A number of exercises can help to reduce the shape and size of a double chin, according to anecdotal evidence. Weight loss is another way to get rid of a double chin, if it was caused by weight gain. To do this: Some medical treatments can get rid of a double chin, if other methods don't work. This includes melting fat with a laser, known as lipolysis. Mesotherapy, injecting fat dissolving treatments into the area, can reduce a double chin too. Always do your research when it comes to procedures and make sure you are working with a reputable medical professional.