The Government states pensioners are “disproportionately impacted by higher energy costs”. As a result, it is issuing the £300 one-off payment to eligible people to help with rising costs this winter. It is thought the payment will be made available to eight million pensioner households. They must be in receipt of the Winter Fuel Payment in order to be eligible for this support. It will be paid on top of other one-off support a pensioner household is entitled to. This, for example, includes those on Pension Credit or individuals receiving disability benefits. READ MORE: Old £20 and £50 notes to become invalid However, there are some people who won’t be able to receive the support from the Government. Currently, to be eligible for a Winter Fuel Payment, individuals must be born on or before September 25, 1956. They must also have lived in the UK for at least one day during the qualifying week - September 19 to 25, 2022. However, this is not the only eligibility criteria individuals need to bear in mind. DON'T MISS‘A SCAM!’ Santander issues stark warning after Britons receive text [WARNING]Inheritance tax could be ‘scrapped’ for Capital Gains Tax [INSIGHT]State pension warning as Britons may fall short of full sum [UPDATE] Some will be excluded from the winter fuel payment, and thus the £300 energy bill support entirely. This is because pensioners who are expats and living in certain places overseas will not be eligible for a winter fuel payment. The Government website explains: “You cannot get the payment if you live in Cyprus, France, Gibraltar, Greece, Malta, Portugal or Spain. “This is because the average winter temperature is higher than the warmest region of the UK.” READ MORE: Lloyds and Halifax to close another 66 bank branches - see full list The Government considers it unnecessary to provide extra money for heating for those living in warmer countries. These individuals may still be able to unlock other forms of support as long as they are eligible. This includes schemes such as the Cold Weather Payment, or the Warm Home Discount. Other individuals are also excluded from the Winter Fuel Payment due to eligibility rules. This may also mean they are excluded from receiving the £300 energy bills support this year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People will not qualify for the Winter Fuel Payment if they are in hospital getting free treatment for more than a year. This is also the case if they were in prison for the whole week from September 19 to 25, 2022. Individuals do not qualify if they need permission to enter the UK, and their granted leave states they cannot claim public funds. Finally, a Winter Fuel Payment will not be issued to those who lived in a care home for the whole time from June 27 to September 25, 2022 and got one of the following benefits: