Holiday season is among us, and for passengers lucky enough to escape flight cancellations, sunny Spain is an obvious choice. However, holidaymakers should be aware of some rules they may not seen coming. Travellers could face fines of up to £2,500 if they break certain laws they would never expect.Want to start a BBQ on a sunny Spanish beach? Think again. Some areas in Spain require police authorisation before lighting up a BBQ on the beach, while other areas prohibit it all together. In Salobrena, Granada, those who break this rule may be find up to £2,500. READ MORE: Flight attendant exposes annoying passengers - ‘Drives me nuts’ Many parts of Spain have also prohibited smoking on beaches, so those hoping to enjoy a cigarette with their beach read may have to think again. In August 2016, Benidorm's Town Hall voted to ban giant sandcastles on Levante Beach. Similarly, in Arona and Arica, Tenerife, there is a law against building giant sandcastles. Health Plan Spain outlined further Spanish laws that may take tourists by surprise. Using soap and shampoo at beach showers is an illegal practise at all Spanish beaches, and in regions such as Malaga, Benidorm and Valencia, this law also extends to washing in the sea. Those caught using these banned items may face a fine of €750 (around £634.83). Travellers interested in going nude should stick to nudist beaches or risk incurring a fine of the same amount. Spending the night camping on the beach or sleeping out is not permitted in Spain and in areas such as Valencia tourists could face a fine of up to €1,500. READ MORE: Jane McDonald learns new skill on board cruise ship - ' a natural' This is a huge £1,269.66. Littering is always bad practice, but in places like Chipiona, Cadiz, tourists could be forking out up to €300 (around £253.93) for chucking cigarette butts and leaving litter. Those hoping for a game of sports at the beach should think again in some areas, with some beaches having a designated area for bats and balls. In Benidorm, among other Spanish regions, there are time restrictions that beachgoers must be mindful of. Swimming in the sea or even using the beach between 11pm and 7am is a no-go. While hopefully most are not doing this anyway, urinating in the sea is against the law in Vigo, Galicia, and may see tourists with a fine of up to €750 (around £634.83). Holidaying abroad can be an expensive venture as it is. For those travelling to Spain this summer, make sure to check if there are any peculiar laws to be aware of.