Mr Abe, 67, was attacked at around 11.30 am (local time). A local reporter says she heard gunshots at the scene. Broadcaster NHK quoted the suspect, who has been identified as Tetsuya Yamagami, as telling the police he was dissatisfied with Mr Abe and wanted to kill him.  Initial reports said Mr Abe was struck in the chest. A witness to the attack told the broadcaster the first shot caused Mr Abe to stumble backwards, adding he fell to the ground after the second shot. Japanese media had initially reported Mr Abe had gone into heart failure on Friday after the attack during a campaign speech. The suspected gunman is a former soldier who was in the Japanese self-defence forces. The BBC reports he appeared to have built the improvised weapon used in the shooting. NHK reported a senior LDP official as saying Mr Abe received a blood transfusion, describing the situation as "worrisome" before announcing his death. The Japanese broadcaster also reported prior to news of his passing that Mr Abe appeared to have no vital signs, citing a local fire department. A woman at the scene told NHK: "He was giving a speech and a man came from behind. The first shot sounded like a toy. He didn't fall and there was a large bang. The second shot was more visible, you could see the spark and smoke. After the second shot, people surrounded him and gave him chest compressions." Amateur video footage showed the ex-PM’s aides rushing towards him as smoke filled the air behind him. The clip does not show the moment he fell. Police officers have arrested a 41-year-old male suspect at the scene on suspicion of attempted murder, according to Japan’s public broadcaster NHK. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was "utterly appalled" at the shooting. He tweeted: "Utterly appalled and saddened to hear about the despicable attack on Shinzo Abe. My thoughts are with his family and loved ones." Former British Prime Minister David Cameron said in a tweet: "This is devastating and truly shocking news. Shinzo Abe was a good friend personally, a strong partner to the UK, and a thoroughly kind and decent man. I enjoyed working with him. My heart goes out to his family and friends, and to the people of Japan at this very sad time."  US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has expressed deep concern over the condition of Shinzo Abe. He said before news of Mr Abe's death emerged: “Our thoughts, our prayers are with him, with his family, with the people of Japan. This is a very, very sad moment. And we’re awaiting news from Japan.”   Prime Minister Fumio Kishida said today (July 8) the shooting was an unforgivable act, condemning it in the "strongest terms" as having happened during an election exercise, one of the foundational elements of democracy. Mr Kishida said before news of the death: "Former prime minister Shinzo Abe was shot in Nara, before noon, and is currently in a grave condition. As far as I've heard, everything that can be done is being done to revive him. "I am praying from the depths of my heart that his life will be saved. I am not aware of the motives and background behind this attack, but this attack is an act of brutality that happened during the elections - the very foundation of our democracy - and is absolutely unforgivable." The suspected gunman was detained at the scene. Mr Abe, who was flown to hospital by helicopter, had been in the city of Nara to make a campaign speech ahead of this Sunday’s upper house elections. He served as the Prime Minister of Japan and President of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) from 2006 to 2007 and again from 2012 to 2020. He was the longest-serving Prime Minister in Japanese history.  READ MORE: Top Zelensky aide hails Boris Johnson as PM steps down   He resigned as Prime Minister just after one year in office, due to medical complications from ulcerative colitis, shortly after his party lost that year's House of Councillors election. He was replaced by Yasuo Fukuda, who became the first in a series of five Prime Minister who each failed to retain office for more than sixteen months. There has been an outpouring of grief in a nation where political violence is so rare that the last time a former or sitting prime minister was killed was nearly 90 years ago. Fighting back tears, Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike told a news conference before Mr Abe's death was announced: "I am incredibly shocked. No matter the reason, such a heinous act is absolutely unforgivable. It is an affront against democracy."    DON'T MISS:Princess Charlotte 'after own grandmother's heart'Newsnight: Grant Shapps ‘great choice’ to replace Boris ‘Time for renewal!’ Tom Tugendhat launches bid to replace Boris    Japanese Defence minister Nobuo Kishi, who is Mr Abe's younger brother, said whatever the suspect's background, the act was "inexcusable". Airo Hino, a political science professor at Japan's elite Waseda University, said such a shooting was unprecedented in Japan. He said: "There has never been anything like this." Kyodo published a photograph of Mr Abe lying face-up on the street by a guardrail with blood on his white shirt. People were crowded around him with one administering a heart massage. Nara emergency services said he had been wounded on the right side of his neck and left clavicle.  Rahm Emanuel, the American ambassador to Japan, commented in a post on Twitter: “We are all saddened and shocked.” He added: “Abe-san has been an outstanding leader of Japan and unwavering ally of the US.    “The US government and American people are praying for the well-being of Abe-san, his family, & people of Japan.” In the past few weeks, Mr Abe had been campaigning on behalf of the Liberal Democratic Party ahead of the House of Councillors election on July 10. Japan has some of the world’s toughest gun-control laws, and annual deaths from firearms in the country of 125 million people are regularly in single figures. Getting a gun licence is a long and complicated process even for Japanese citizens, who must first get a recommendation from a shooting association and then undergo strict police checks. Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen and Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi are among the latest to release statements following this morning’s shooting. In a Facebook post, Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen wrote: “I believe everyone is as surprised and sad as I am. “Taiwan and Japan are both democratic countries with rule of law. On behalf of my government, I would like to severely condemn violent and illegal acts. “Former Prime Minister Abe is not only a good friend of mine, but also a staunch friend of Taiwan’s. “He has supported Taiwan for many years and spared no effort to promote the progress of Taiwan-Japan relations.”  Mr Abe sought to lift Japan's economy out of chronic deflation with his bold "Abenomics" policies, strengthen the military and counter China's growing clout. He left office in 2020 after first becoming premier in 2006. His period in office lasted just a year before he staged a return for a rare second stint in 2012, pledging to revive a stagnant economy, loosen the limits of a post-World War Two pacifist constitution and restore traditional values. Mr Abe was instrumental in winning the 2020 Olympics for Tokyo, cherishing a wish to preside over the Games and even appeared as Nintendo video game character Mario during the Olympic handover to 2016 host Rio. He became Japan's longest-serving premier in November 2019, but by the summer of 2020 support had been eroded by his handling of the COVID-19 outbreak as well as a series of scandals, including the arrest of his former justice minister. Mr Abe resigned in September that year without achieving his long-held goal of revising the constitution or presiding over the Games, which had been postponed to 2021 due to the pandemic. He remained a dominant presence over the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), controlling one of its major factions.      Mr Abe hailed from a wealthy political family which included a foreign minister father and a great-uncle who served as premier. But when it came to many policies, his grandfather, the late Prime Minister Nobusuke Kishi, seems to have mattered most. Mr Kishi was a wartime cabinet minister imprisoned but never tried as a war criminal after World War Two. He served as prime minister from 1957 to 1960, resigning due to public furore over a renegotiated US-Japan security pact. Five years old at the time, Mr Abe famously heard the sound of clashes between police and leftist crowds protesting the pact outside parliament as he played on his grandfather's lap. Mr Kishi tried unsuccessfully to revise Japan's US-drafted 1947 constitution to become an equal security partner with the United States and adopt a more assertive diplomacy - issues central to Mr Abe's own agenda. Mr Abe boosted defence spending and reached out to other Asian nations to counter an increasingly assertive China. He pushed through laws to let Japan exercise the right of "collective self-defence", or militarily aiding an ally under attack. Revising the pacifist constitution remained a top priority for Mr Abe, a contentious goal since many Japanese see the charter as responsible for the country's post-war record of peace. His underlying agenda was to escape what he called the post-war regime, a legacy of US occupation that conservatives argue deprived Japan of national pride. Reforming the education system to restore traditional mores was another of his goals.  Japan's gun-ownership restrictions do not allow private citizens to have handguns and licensed hunters can own only rifles. Gun owners have to attend classes, pass a written test and undergo a mental health evaluation as well as a background check. When they happen shootings typically involve "yakuza" gangsters using illegal weapons. When mass killings take place, as when 19 were murdered at a facility for mentally disabled people in 2016, they tend to be with knives. Attacks on politicians are also unusual. There has been only a handful in the last half century, most notably in 2007 when the mayor of Nagasaki was shot and killed by a gangster - an incident which resulted in further tightening of gun regulations. The last time a former prime minister was killed was in 1936 during Japan's radical pre-war militarism. 