Frank Farley, 80, has branded it as “age discrimination”, the way that Denbighshire County Council is handling the £150 payments to help people with the cost of living, reports NorthWalesLive. The cash boost is going to all Welsh households in council tax bands A to D, with individual councils tasked with distributing the money. Mr Farley’s local authority has already processed the payment for residents who pay their council tax by direct debit, but those who pay in other ways have had to wait longer. This is affecting many older people, who choose to pay their tax at the Post Office. Retired crane driver Mr Farley claims he has yet to receive the payment and when he calls to complain, it goes through to an answerphone. He said: “The lady next door has had to go onto direct debit to get the £150. I think it’s disgusting. READ MORE: State pension payments may hit over £200 per week next year “I prefer to pay at the Post Office. "It’s the principle of the thing, and it’s not just me; there are other pensioners who haven’t got it because they don’t pay by direct debit and are not on the internet. "It’s age discrimination. I’ve tried to contact the council, but all I get is an answering machine.” Mr Farley has lived at his home in Rhyl for 47 years.  The county council says that it has paid 23,544 people in the county the one-off £150 payment. A spokesperson said: “The council is administering this scheme on behalf of the Welsh Government, and we are working as quickly as possible to make these payments to our customers. “Many residents have already received payments, but we are working hard to ensure all those who are eligible can submit their applications as quickly as possible. “Payments are automatically made to the majority of residents paying via direct debits. READ MORE: National Insurance tax cut worth £330 secured as threshold rises “We are regularly advising residents who don’t pay by direct debit to complete a short form on our website to claim the payment. “Advisory emails, text messages and letters are currently being sent to customers inviting them to apply. “Advice for applying is also regularly posted on the council’s online channels. “If residents are struggling to fill out the application form, they can visit any Denbighshire library for assistance or call 01824 706000 and speak to the council tax team. "Advisors can complete the application over the phone for digitally excluded or vulnerable customers.” Some 20 million households across England are also receiving a similar £150 one-off payment as a council tax rebate. People on low incomes are also to receive a £650 cost of living payment, with the first instalment of £326 to be paid from July 14. The second instalment will be paid in the autumn. 