Brendan O’Neill has expressed alarm over the fate of Brexit following Boris Johnson's decision to stand down as Prime Minister this week following a full-scale cabinet revolt. Mr O'Neill has warned that in the wake of the Prime Minister's downfall the "vultures and ghouls" of the Remain campaign have been revived and, he fears, now threaten to mount a bid to reverse Brexit. Mr O'Neill told GB New's Darren Grimes: "I'm afraid and we've already seen people like Michael Heseltine saying Boris is gone now Brexit should go. "The Guardian is already publishing pieces saying everything that Boris did should be overturned including Brexit. "So the vultures and the ghouls of the Remainer elite are already circling around and hoping that they can finally drive the final nail into the coffin of Brexit. "That's how they see it, so we have to bear that in mind and be very aware that that could well happen that they will make those kinds of efforts." JUST IN: 'YOU made our lives harder f*** you!' Remoaner Femi explodes at Brexiteers in BBC QT fury Mr O'Neill's concerns over the future of Brexit come amid frantic campaign launches from those Senior Conservative manoeuvring to replace Mr Johnson as Britain's prime minister Newly-appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi has thrown his hat into the ring for Tory leader, joining his predecessor Rishi Sunak, and becoming the second Cabinet minister to declare their ambition in the space of an hour. The former education secretary becomes the third serving Government minister to kick off their campaign for the leadership, after Mr Shapps and Attorney General Suella Braverman declared their intentions. Earlier, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said that after "careful consideration" and discussion with colleagues and family, he would not stand to be party leader and the next prime minister.  In addition to Mr Zahawi, Mr Shapps, Mr Sunak, and Ms Braverman, ex-minister Kemi Badenoch and senior Tory Tom Tugendhat have launched their own bids, with further announcements anticipated over the coming days. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is widely expected to stand, while other potential front-runners include trade minister Penny Mordaunt and former health secretaries Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt. Launching his campaign, Mr Zahawi pledged to lower taxes for individuals, families and business, boost defence spending, and continue with education reforms that he started in his previous role. Born in Iraq to a Kurdish family, the new Chancellor came to the UK as a nine-year-old when his parents fled the regime of Saddam Hussein.  Believed to be one of the richest politicians in the House of Commons, he helped found polling company YouGov after studying chemical engineering at University College London. He has often said that his own personal backstory has deeply influenced his view of Britain and he recently spoke of the debt he owed poet Philip Larkin as he improved his English as a teenager. In his bid for leader, Mr Zahawi said: "My aim is a simple one: to provide the opportunities that were afforded to my generation, to all Britons, whoever you are and wherever you come from. To steady the ship and to stabilise the economy. "Thanks to Brexit, we are now a free nation. Let's not just talk about the opportunities that follow, let's take them."