Hairy Bikers presenter Dave Myers, 64, has undergone agonisingly painful chemotherapy treatment after being diagnosed with cancer, suffering everything from exhaustion to itchy eyes after all his lashes fell out. Even more difficult for celebrity chef Dave was his near total loss of appetite, but as he battles the disease, he can count on his co-star Si King to be there for him. "It's hard seeing someone you love in those trenches - it really is tough," Si admitted during an episode of the podcast White Wine Question Time last week. However he has high hopes for his friend's recovery. "He's as tough as an old boot, which is what we're all relying on," he told host Kate Thornton. "He's as hard as nails!" He added that the two of them together make a "formidable team". READ NOW: Alison Hammond breaks silence on Dermot O'Leary ‘b***h’ comment Si and Dave have travelled the world sampling new foods and adventuring in exotic locations. However, heartbreakingly, the chemotherapy treatment Dave is enduring means he has been through recent spells of losing his appetite. When it returns, he has cravings for very unusual combinations indeed, such as cottage pie with Vimto. "It's not very gastronomic," he chortled of the pairing.   "Lil [wife Liliana Orzac] is sitting down with a really nice glass of burgundy and I've got a pint of Vimto!" Kate sympathised with how "horrible" it must have been for a chef to lose his sense of taste. Interestingly, his sense of smell has had the opposite transition, becoming "more acute". Recalling his diagnosis, Dave groaned: "I went to the doctors complaining of various bits and bobs and then the next thing I know, you get a phone call saying it's a tumour, and you're going to have to have chemotherapy."  DON'T MISS... Mickey Rooney Jr dead: Son of Hollywood icon and Mouseketeer dies [BREAKING] Golfer Paige Spiranac stuns fans in sexy sheer outfit [PHOTOS] Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan [DEBATE]  "Fortunately the chemo's working, but it's the effect the chemotherapy has on you," he elaborated. "My eyes are sore because my eyelashes have fallen out - and it's c**p like that that's irritating... but I'm getting there!" Referencing co-star Si, he joked: "He's fit as a butcher's dog... it's annoying!" Dave continued that he wouldn't wish his cancer experience on his "worst enemy".   "When I get through this, I'll never whinge again about anything," he declared. 