Bayern Munich are now convinced they are the first choice for Matthijs de Ligt this summer after talks with the defender, according to reports. De Ligt is a top target for Chelsea and was claimed to prefer a move to the Premier League side earlier this week. Chelsea are in the market for defenders following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. De Ligt has long been linked with a move to the Premier League, dating back to his time at Ajax. The Holland international is out of contract at Juventus in 2024 and has turned down all offers of a renewal so far. Bayern have entered the race for the player's signature after Chelsea initially signalled their interest. Italian outlet GianlucaDiMarzio.com claimed on Monday that De Ligt would prefer a move to the Premier League and to Stamford Bridge. However, it appears he has now changed his mind. READ MORE: Man Utd could use extra £10m to help Erik ten Hag clinch two more signings  Bundesliga expert Christian Falk says Bayern believe De Ligt now wants to move to them ahead of Chelsea. Falk tweeted: "TRUE. After Talks with Matthijs de Ligt (22) Bayern is convinced that for the Dutch @FCBayern is his first choice for a transfer. "Now the club want to start the negotiations with @juventusfc. But Bayern know that @ChelseaFC is the biggest concurrent." De Ligt has a release clause in his Juve contract of £103million. However, the Serie A giants are expected to accept a lower fee due to the player's contract situation and desire to leave. Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus believes De Ligt would be a top signing from his old club. He told Bild: "He's a van Dijk type. He can take on the role of defence chief at Bayern, which is missing there. DON'T MISSYouri Tielemans 'sold on' Arsenal transfer and 'waiting' for bid despite Man Utd interestArsenal could sell eight first-team players and loan three more before window shutsMan Utd could confirm another three signings this week after Tyrell Malacia transfer  "He's one of the best central defenders in Europe, and at 22 he's such a young player that Bayern could have done with that position for the next few years. A super transfer if it works - a huge gain." The news of De Ligt's preference will come as a blow to Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel. The German identified the 22-year-old as a top target to help fill the void left by the likes of Christensen and Rudiger. Sevilla's Jules Kounde remains a target following interest in the last two transfer windows. Tuchel is also keen on a deal to bring Nathan Ake back to the club from Manchester City.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here