The revelation comes as representatives of Morocco met with officials from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) to help work out a pre-trade deal between Britain and the North African monarchy. The talks were said to be part of Mr Johnson’s desire that Britain moves as quickly as possible to maximise the benefits of Brexit and does not relax while a successor is chosen. A senior Conservative source told Express.co.uk: “The PM wants no let up in delivering on Brexit opportunities and getting trade deals in place. “Both the candidates (Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss) are committed to delivering Brexit and fulfilling the 2019 so there should be no relaxation while one of them is chosen.” The Prime Minister is set to leave Downing Street on September 5 with Ms Truss, the Foreign Secretary currently favourite to succeed him. He has already been accused of trying to fulfil a bucket list after being picture in army uniform shooting guns but he also wants to secure his legacy according to friends. In addition, members of the party are campaigning for Mr Johnson to be put back on the leadership ballot so that he can stay and continue to deliver Brexit. The pre-trade talks with Morocco today came on as that country celebrated Throne Day with its King and marked its historically close ties to the UK with the two countries hoping to significantly build on the £2billlion value of annual trade they have currently. It is one of a series of talks ongoing including with around 20 US States which are set to sign individual trade deals over this year. The UK-Morocco Sub Committee focused on trade, met today in London with representatives of UK’s Coventry University, who will shortly start to deliver UK accredited courses in business studies and engineering in Bouskoura, near Casablanca. Earlier this week, Lord Ahmad, the Minister of State for South and Central Asia, North Africa, UN and the Commonwealth, visited Morocco to help mark the 300th anniversary of the first bilateral trade treaty with Morocco. READ MORE: Truss storms ahead of Sunak as voters back her plan to slash taxes During his visit he met with government ministers including the Minister for Foreign Affairs Nasser Bourita, Minister for Industry and Commerce Ryad Mezzour, Minister for Higher Education, Scientific Research and Innovation Abdellatif Miraoui and Minister for Energy Transition and Sustainable Development, Leila Benal. He also met the Speaker of Morocco’s House of Representatives, Mr Rachid Talbi Alami. He said: “I’m excited to witness the flourishing partnerships the UK and Morocco are building, including in commerce, green finance and education. “Our Kingdoms are working together to deliver a shared vision of economies that are innovative and focused on building a sustainable future, resilient to the global challenges we all face. And we recognise the leadership of HM King Mohammed VI and the vision for reform set out in Morocco’s New Development Model, as well as Moroccan efforts to support growth, stability and adaptation to climate change in Africa. DON'T MISS Truss's shock pick for Chancellor leaves Tories horrified [REVEAL] Brexit hero Lord Frost answers YOUR burning questions [REACT] 'Don't be surprised at Tories springing a leadership contest shock' [INSIGHT] “I look forward to deepening our economic links, including between our financial hubs of the City of London and Casablanca, seeing the continued return of British tourists to Morocco and hosting the first Sub-Committee of the UK-Morocco Association Agreement focused on trade in London later this month.” Discussions focused on deepening collaboration between the UK and Morocco on trade, education, climate, clean energy and green growth, as well as on regional and international issues of common interest, including the situation in Libya, and the global implications of the Russia-Ukraine war on food and energy security. Lord Ahmad also hosted key financial regulators, bankers and investors to celebrate growing UK-Morocco cooperation to mobilise private finance to support a low carbon transition.