Speaking about the research Professor Ellen de Freitas said: “Preventing the build-up of free radicals that naturally occurs with ageing probably prevents cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and high blood pressure, among other chronic conditions.” Although they sound problematic, and they are, free radicals are an inevitable compound released when the body’s cells process the oxygen and food. Some of these can help improve overall health, however too many of them can lead to the internal structure of cells becoming damaged. The ramifications of too many free radicals is an increase in the likelihood of chronic disease. READ MORE: Is sleeping with a fan on bad for you?  Taurine is a common nutrient such as beef, fish, and chicken; it is a key chemical in the functioning of the nervous system. How can it help with ageing? Taurine has anti-inflammatory effects and works as an effective as antioxidant; it is for this reason scientists think it can help with ageing.      In a study on performance athletes they found oxidative stress “could be controlled when their diet was supplemented” with the amino acid taurine. Professor Freitas added that they and their researchers “believe a higher dose of taurine could produce stronger evidence for its benefits”. While the study indicates taurine could help reduce the rate of ageing, it is not a conclusive study. As a result, more research is required to conclusively determine whether it could have a significant impact. READ MORE: Stroke: Women with endometriosis may be at higher risk Meanwhile, supplements are not just useful for ageing, but also for potentially improving mental health. A new study has found taking vitamin B6 supplements could reduce feelings of anxiety and depression. The research was conducted by the University of Reading and found the vitamin could be used alongside Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. Vitamin B6 is used by the body to boost the production of Gamma-Aminobutyric Acid (GABA) which blocks impulses between the nerve cells in the brain. Dr David Field, lead author, said the vitamin “helps the body produce a specific chemical messenger that inhibits impulses in the brain, and our study links this calming effect with reduced anxiety among the participants”. Vitamin B6 is present in several foods including fruits and vegetables. Dr Field added: “One potential option would be to combine vitamin B6 supplements with talking therapies." However, in common with the taurine study, this research is in its early stages and so more research is required.