The grieving widow complained to Scottish Ambulance Service, which today apologised for the "tragic case". The woman, who asked not to be identified, had called 999 when her partner fell ill at home but the ambulance took a long time to arrive, she claims. When it did, the wife was asked to start cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on her husband in the back of the ambulance. However, the ambulance technician offered her no assistance. She had to perform CPR alone until the ambulance arrived at the hospital, Daily Record reports. It is unclear whether the ambulance technician did not have the skills to perform CPR or whether there was another reason for the decision. But speaking last night, Labour’s health spokeswoman Jackie Baillie said it was "an absolutely shocking and distressing case". She continued: "The time taken to convey this person to hospital may have cost them their life and urgent steps need to be taken to ensure this doesn’t happen again."  Scotland’s health watchdog upheld the woman's grievance, in which she said she had complained to Scottish Ambulance Service but was dissatisfied with its response. But the Scottish Public Service Ombudsman (SPSO) backed the complaint and has suggested ways the ambulance group can improve its service. In its judgement, the SPSO said: "It should have been clear to the ambulance crew that A (the patient) was seriously unwell and that the time spent on scene was unreasonable and that the decision to ask C (the patient’s wife) to perform CPR... was not reasonable. "We found that the initial investigation was not sufficient, although we acknowledged the proactive steps taken by SAS to address this issue and acknowledge failings, including asking C to commence CPR. "We also found that in this case the full crew should have been interviewed. We upheld C’s complaints."   The ombudsman asked the ambulance service to apologise to the widow for the failings – including "the length of time taken to assess A in their home and the delay in transporting A to hospital, the failure to follow clinical guidelines appropriately and the failure to handle C’s complaint appropriately".  The ombudsman also recommended: The SPSO asked the ambulance service to provide evidence they have implemented the recommendations. A Scottish Ambulance Service spokesman said: "This is a tragic case and we have apologised to the family of the patient privately and in person. We note the SPSO’s final decision and we will implement their recommendations." 