Scams are unfortunately rife, and Britons will need to be aware of these to protect themselves. Lloyds Bank is also issuing guidance to help individuals, and the latest note involves smartphone users. The scam specifically targets anyone who has an Android device such as Samsung, OnePlus and Google Pixel. These devices come with Google Play, which helps people to download applications on their phone which are needed for day to day use. Sadly, fraudsters are putting apps with hidden viruses on Google Play, and this can be any kind of app. This can include apps for QR codes, which many people use frequently. READ MORE: Britons issued savings warning as millions lose 'small fortune' These fake apps may look genuine, however, once they are downloaded they may not install or work. These viruses can be especially dangerous to those who come into contact with them. Lloyds Bank has warned: “This virus can cause serious harm to a device that’s very hard to fix.” To avoid this scam, the bank says Britons will need to take preventative measures, such as installing an antivirus on their device. DON'T MISSThe £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more [ANALYSIS] This can be used to scan for viruses, and individuals should follow the advice they are given. Before downloading an app, people should make sure the download is safe. They should look for reviews on the app which mention problems, such as a virus. Finally, people should always read the terms and conditions which come with the app. READ MORE: Scam warning issued as fraudsters could turn up at your door Google has suggested using Google Play Protect to check apps and devices for harmful behaviour. It runs a safety check on harmful apps which are sometimes called malware. Google also takes action to pull apps from its Play Store. Those who think they have fallen for a scam should contact Lloyds Bank straight away. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Individuals can also report a crime or get general advice from the national crime reporting service, Action Fraud. The bank states: “Scams come in all shapes and sizes, from dodgy emails to fake sites. “They keep changing to try and trick you. Stay one step ahead by learning about the latest scams.”