Kim Woodburn came to fame with Channel 4's How Clean is Your House? She travelled the UK's dirtiest homes getting them in top condition. Since, she has been known for her straight-talking sass and, of course, her cleaning expertise. She spoke to Express.co.uk about how to tackle one common cleaning conundrum, limescale. "Never let it build up that’s my main tip and never throw away an old toothbrush," Kim said. The cleaning guru uses a toothbrush to scrub away limescale, using a common household cleaning solution. Kim advised: "Use the toothbrush dipped in vinegar solution and rub as hard as you can. READ MORE: 'Looks brand new': Easy hack to get kettle sparkling by eradicating limescale Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "When you spot limescale get that toothbrush out. "Use your limescale cleaner and gloves to protect your hands, I’m not going to break my fingernails my dears, we’ve got to be gorgeous girls haven’t we?" She added: "Clean as you go and throw as you go. "If you do that you can’t go wrong, if you let it build then you have a huge task ahead of you." DON'T MISS'I was blown away': Incredible grout cleaning routine transforms floor [HACK] Kim Woodburn's method to 'get the muck off' your washing machine [HOW TO] 10 minute daily cleaning routine - 'keep everything manageable' [EXPERT] Limescale is known to most as the annoying white or grey substance that builds up around taps and in kettles and on shower heads. It is made up of the calcium and magnesium left behind when hard water evaporates. It builds up over time and can be very difficult to get rid of, especially if it hasn't been cleaned for a long time. While not bad for your health, it's not attractive and could damage your home. Prevention is better than cure, and there are a number of ways you can do this. Wipe the bathroom after use Drying water off wet parts of the bathroom will stop it from evaporating and leaving water behind. Try and soften your water A water softener can help to reduce limescale. Some options use ion exchange and salt to remove the minerals that cause limescale from the water. Others alter the chemical so they cannot cling to surfaces. Kim recently discussed a cleaning trick to clean the washing machine. Keeping the washing machine itself clean helps to keep your laundry clean. Your home and clothes will smell better if you keep on top of the hygiene in the washing machine. Kim advised: "You know when you open your washing machine, run your fingers with a paper towel around the rubber rim and get the muck off."