Channel 5 joined Virgin Voyages’ Scarlet Lady as it travels around the Caribbean. But keeping thousands of cruise passengers happy isn’t always easy. On the arrival day for thousands of passengers, one of the ship’s most popular restaurants was in jeopardy after the roof started leaking. Andreas, the restaurant manager at the afflicted eatery, The Wake, was left to deal with the issue. He said: “We need to welcome our new sailors. But half an hour ago, one of our servers noticed some water coming down. “And now they’re trying to find out exactly what’s happening.” Over 250 diners had reserved tables to eat that evening’s dinner at The Wake so the crew was facing increasing time pressure. READ MORE: Cruise crew deal with moaning passenger with a ‘big issue’ Andreas said: “It’s a very busy day, lots of things to do, we need to be ready all the time. “It can happen at any time but it’s not the best day for this to happen. They’re trying to find out where it’s coming from.” Just in the nick of time one of the ship’s engineers was able to fix the leak with his adjustable spanner. Andreas told viewers: “We’re very relieved because we’re always thinking about dinner and how difficult it’s going to be when it’s busy.” However, that wasn’t the end of that day’s issues for The Wake restaurant. Down on Deck Four, the team were panicking over an important missing ingredient. Executive chef Dom, said: “I’m in charge of one restaurant. I make sure that the product is onboard. We’re missing Hamachi fish. “We’re still not out of the woods. We’re missing the Hamachi, which is a bit surprising. It’s written on the actual menu so it’s quite important.” The Wake’s exclusive menu features Hamachi fish and it’s one of the restaurant’s most popular dishes. READ MORE: Safest country in the world is 'amazing' and peaceful Would the team find it before 250 hungry diners descended on The Wake for their first evening meal? As the ship set off, two crew members were extremely excited to see a couple of celebrities at port. Once the ship arrived in Nassau, the beautiful capital city of the Bahamas, two crew members couldn’t wait to disembark. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were in town as part of their Caribbean royal tour and the fans were keen to spot them. One said: “You could say we’re going on a royal hunt right now. Not hunting the royals, hunting for the royals.” Sadly the pair didn’t manage to get a glimpse of the British royals, but did snap a few selfies of themselves in Nassau. Back onboard, the Virgin Voyages entertainment team was getting ready for another epic Scarlet Lady party. Entertainment team member Ryan said: “It’s time to party. From here on out it’s just going to be party time.” The Cruise continues on Channel 5 at 9pm. 