Tottenham are willing to sell Tanguy Ndombele for the right price this summer but will not be talked into cashing in if the fee involved does not match their expectations, according to reports. Ndombele is one of several players to have been made available for a move elsewhere by Antonio Conte, who left him out of the squad that travelled to South Korea for the club's pre-season tour earlier this month. The Frenchman is thought to have no shortage of interested clubs lining up to battle for his signature, but whether or not Tottenham decide to accept any offers in exchange for their man is another question. The north Londoners are determined to avoid selling Ndombele on the cheap after paying a club-record fee in excess of £50million to snap him up from Lyon back in 2019, according to Media Foot.Tottenham are said to be 'listening to opportunities' with regards to Ndombele's future in order to raise funds after bringing seven new players to the club over the course of this summer. They are expected to let go of the midfielder if they receive a 'good offer' for him but will not force themselves into accepting a bid that does not provide them with at least a significant chunk of his previous transfer fee.Galatasaray have been credited with a firm desire to land Ndombele, who spent the second half of last season on loan at Lyon after falling out of favour upon Conte's arrival. However, the Turkish giants do not have the resources to spend too heavily on the player and could be priced out of a move as a result of Tottenham's stance against selling for a cut-price figure. JUST IN: Xavi's latest cunning tactic may force De Jong closer to Man Utd move It remains to be seen where Ndombele will end up in advance of the new Premier League season, which is finally set to get underway in just a few weeks' time. Conte is clearly not an admirer of the 25-year-old and previously urged him to improve his work rate in order to stand any chance of forcing his way back into the Italian manager's plans."I have seen many managers struggle with his position," Conte told reporters shortly after taking charge at Tottenham in November of last year. "He has the quality [but] he has to understand it is a team and he has to play into the team. It is important to do what the position asks you to do. We are working very hard, he has to work much more than the others."He has talent but he has to put it into the team for the team, not for the single player. Every single player has to know what he has to do. If every player just runs around the pitch, it will be a mess." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here