Joining Alex Scott and Ronan Keating on Monday’s The One Show, BBC weather reporter Carol Kirkwood opened up about her recent engagement. While she’s kept the identity of her soon-to-be husband under wraps, she spoke alongside fellow guest Vicky Pattison about how he popped the question. But in doing so, Carol revealed she inadvertently “ruined” the occasion as she thought her beau was “joking”. “You two actually have something in common,” The One Show’s Ronan said as he introduced Carol and Vicky to the show. “You both got engaged this year,” he added as the pair shared a chuckle and showed off their engagement rings. Turning to Carol in particular, Ronan brought up the fact she’d been engaged since May before asking how her fiancé proposed. The BBC Breakfast regular replied: “He took me by surprise! READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change “We went for a picnic down by the river and we were just sitting there and you could see he was fumbling a bit. “And I thought, ‘What’s the matter with you?’” Carol admitted. She delved further: “And the next thing, he’s on his knee and he had the ring and he proposed! “But I thought he was joking,” Carol said, prompting shocked reactions from the rest of the line-up. “No way!” Ronan said while Carol shrugged her shoulders and said: “I ruined it. “I said, ‘Oh, you’re having a laugh!’ And he said, ‘No, seriously, I’ve got the ring!’ “And then I said, ‘Well yes! Of course, I’ll marry you.’ He was delighted.” Carol then joked she quipped to her fiancé: “‘What took you so long?!’” DON'T MISS:Dan Walker suffers 5 News wardrobe mishap as local forced to step inSue Barker royal snub as BBC presenter was axed from Prince Edward jobBBC licence fee replacement may see EVERYONE pay in 'European' model “That’s so cute,” former Geordie Shore star Vicky commented after hearing Carol’s tale. Vicky then delved into her own engagement story after her other half popped the question in February. With love in the air on The One Show sofas, it didn't take long for fans at home to share their congratulatory messages. Wendy Lou Lou tweeted: “@BBCTheOneShow congratulations to Carole and Vicky My fiance and I are getting married on Friday in Blackpool and so happy it'll be a lot cooler by then lol..."  Viv Wrench echoed: “@BBCTheOneShow I have just got engaged too to my partner Charlie. Congratulations Carol and Vicky." While Jayne Clarke had a similar story to that of Carol, as she said on Twitter: “When my now husband proposed, I'd seen signs at the entrance to the woods where we were, and i was convinced it was a prank." And @Doc4077th simply put: “@carolkirkwood Just wanted to congratulate you upon your recent engagement." (sic) The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.