The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are said to be trying to claw back some of the media coverage, particularly in the United States, as Meghan and Prince Harry steal the limelight. Mr Scobie says that the world's interest in the Royal Family is an "essential asset" to Britain's appeal aboard. However, much of that appeal comes from the US where there is a huge interest in the Firm. However, Meghan and Prince Harry, following their move to California which caused waves within the Family, have been by far the focus of media attention there. This hasn't always been the case. In the early days of Kate and Prince William's marriage, the couple regularly made headlines and magazine covers in America. However, as their life "fell into a stable groove" the excitement surrounding their growing family waned, according to Mr Scobie. Americans seemed to grow bored of the couple.  He said: "Though the US has long been fascinated with British royalty, interest in ‘The Firm' was massively renewed when one of the country’s own married into the House of Windsor in 2018. "The story of Meghan’s journey as a royal (and all things related to it) still accounts for the majority of royal coverage in the US." As if to punctate the United States' fascination with Prince Harry and Meghan, no US media outlets covered the Cambridges' tour of the Caribbean. However, realising the family is in need of a "PR boost" Prince William seeks to thrust himself back into the American media spotlight, according to Mr Scobie. READ MORE: Labour MP to leave Starmer furious as he makes huge gaffes live ON AIR  Not only did Prince William give an exclusive interview to the hugely popular People magazine last summer, but he has also now announced that he will be bringing his annual Earthshot Prize ceremony to Boston in September. A source told Mr Scobie: “William is keen for his work to be seen and have impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble. The charitable landscape in America is huge and he wants to have a presence.” However, Mr Scobie thinks there may be a bit more to the move than wanting recognition outside of the UK. Prince William can see that although his brother's popularity may be suffering at home, his charity the Archwell Foundation is attracting an impressive list of charitable donors. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: EU summer travel hell silences 'desperate' Rejoiners [LIVE]‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [INSIGHT]Brendan Fraser unrecognisable as 600lb recluse in new film The Whale [REPORT]  Mr Scobie said: "Though the source made no mention of it, I wondered if a little competitiveness with his brother might be in the mix, too. "Harry’s popularity in Britain may be suffering, but his rise in the US has seen the Archewell Foundation receive huge attention from an impressive list of donors, and his charitable efforts and campaigning has quickly seen him acknowledged by the likes of Forbes and TIME, who named him and Meghan two of the world’s most influential people." The Cambridges have also hired a new head of communications who spent seven years at media giant NBC. There have also been reports that the couple is doing recon on events in Boston and possible Washington DC. As reports of tensions between Prince William and his brother flare, it's clear, as Mr Scobie says, that "the Cambridges have realised a slice of American pie would be nice, too". 