Royal author Duncan Larcombe claimed Buckingham Palace was not releasing the findings of an investigation into bullying allegations by royal staff against the Duchess of Sussex due to fears of a second TV interview. Mr Larcombe said the inquiry being made public could prompt Harry and Meghan, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, to "play the victim" and "cause another world of pain". The royal biographer told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: "I think the reason they are not publishing any of this is because the Palace is running scared of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. "I think they know that if they publish the report, the next thing that will happen potentially is for Harry and Meghan to play the victim and go on Oprah and cause another world of pain.” Mr Larcombe's comments come after Harry and Meghan sparked speculation of a fresh Oprah interview when they were spotted heading to her house. The Sussexes were pictured driving to the US talk show host's Montecito home last month. It comes after the couple sat down with Oprah in March 2021 for their bombshell interview. The explosive chat saw Harry and Meghan make a series of claims about the monarchy. They accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of making a racist comment about their son Archie. Meghan claimed Kate made her cry ahead of her royal wedding, following previous reports it was the other way around. And Harry laid bare his rifts with his older brother Prince William and father Prince Charles. But the royals made clear they did not agree with all of the Sussexes' version of events. A statement issued by Buckingham Palace after the interview said that "some recollections may vary". Harry and Meghan made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors in two years during the recent Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meanwhile, it emerged at the end of last month that an investigation into the handling of bullying allegations made against Meghan has seen HR policies improved for royal staff but the changes will not be made public. Buckingham Palace launched the investigation in March 2021 with past and present employees invited to speak in confidence about their experiences of working for the Duchess. It came after it was alleged she drove out two personal assistants and staff were "humiliated" on several occasions. Meghan has always strenuously denied the allegations.