Boris Johnson’s opponents don’t seem to have got the message. The Prime Minister is soon to vacate Downing Street, but it seems this isn’t enough to satisfy his critics. It had been thought the House of Commons Privileges Committee would examine whether the outgoing Prime Minister deliberately lied to Parliament over gatherings in Number 10. Instead, the Committee has decided that even an unintentional “mistatement” could amount to contempt of the House of Commons, a serious charge would could see Mr Johnson suspended from Parliament and potentially facing a by-election. Mr Johnson has considerable achievements to his name and it’s likely historians will judge him rather more kindly than some of his Parliamentary colleagues have been minded to in recent weeks. He succeeded in getting Brexit done, ending gridlock in Parliament, and led the country through the Covid pandemic, making the right call in getting the nation vaccinated as soon as feasible. The Prime Minister has been resolute in his support for Ukraine in the face of Russia’s brutal aggression. And he led his party to a remarkable victory in 2019, demonstrating widespread support for his approach even in places that had never voted Conservative before. To continue to pursue him in this way even after he has announced his exit from Downing Street looks rather like spite. The Privileges Committee should think again and treat Mr Johnson with the respect he deserves. The metropolitan elite has an unfortunate tendency to forget about the needs of rural communities. For example, measures to protect the environment are vital but they must be designed with the needs of everyone in mind. That includes people in villages who are forced to depend on cars because they don’t have suitable bus services to rely on instead. It’s good to see then that Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have both pledged to be champions of the countryside if elected. Whoever becomes the nation’s next Prime Minister must ensure the needs of people in rural communities are placed on an equal footing with those of people in our cities and major towns. All the eyes of the world will be on England’s Lionesses today and we have faith in their ability to take on their mighty German opponents and win. But whatever the result at Wembley, they have already done their country proud. They’ve put women’s football firmly on the map. Never again will girls - or boys, for that matter - think that football is only a game for men.