Casablanca's Ingrid Bergman shared behind the scenes insight during her feature on BBC's Talking Pictures. The star confirmed Humphrey Bogart was a mystery to her as he kept his own company on the iconic film set. BBC's retrospective show, Talking Pictures looked back at the glamourous career of Hollywood Hall-of-Famer Ingrid Bergman. The Casablanca actress shed light on her relationship with Humphrey Bogart who played nightclub owner Rick Blaine. Channelling access all areas, she shared details of life on the iconic film set. It appeared the American actor wasn't quite as charming as his persona led viewers to believe. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew The show sees Ingrid speak on the cast's attitude to scripting during Casablanca filming. She said of Humphrey: "He was as upset as everyone else about not having a script and not knowing exactly where we were going. "He used to stay very much by himself." Moving on to personal relationships, the star also gave viewers an insight into the off-screen lives of the Hollywood icons. "They used to ask me if I know him and I would say 'no I don't know him, I kissed him but I don't know him." However, despite a seemingly negative portrayal of the actor, Ingrid had some nicer words to describe what it was like playing across from him in a romantic sense. She joked: "It isn't difficult when you look like Humphrey Bogard." Overall the actress playing Ilsa Lund painted a warm, complementary picture of the misunderstood legend. DON'T MISS...Humphrey Bogart ignored Ingrid Bergman in 'gin-fuelled' feud [INSIGHT]Ingrid Bergman opens up on working with ‘tough’ Casablanca co-star [INSIGHT]Humphrey Bogart death: Star’s ‘throat burned’ from fatal throat cancer [UPDATE] Ingrid told her interviewer: "He had that marvellous voice that you could hear him now right this minute. "He was also considered a tough man but I think inside he was quite a lovable person." The pair starred in the 1942 romantic film alongside Paul Henreid, Claude Rains and Madeleine LeBeau. Set in WW11, the film follows a local nightclub owner as he attempts to help his former lover and her husband. Ilsa's feelings for Rick resurface and the leading lady can't help but reignite her feelings for her old flame. Occasionally shown on BBC Two, Talking Pictures is a chance for cinema fanatics to relive film's glory days. The show takes a look back through the archives at some of the silver screen's best moments including the lives of actors from that era. Watch Talking Pictures episodes on BBC iPlayer.