British energy consumers are bracing for skyrocketing energy bills this autumn and winter, with bills set to hit up to £3,850 per year from January, with monthly bills expected to reach up to £500. BFY, the energy-focused management consultancy firm that made those forecasts, warns Vladimir Putin’s energy war on Europe with a dramatic reduction in gas flows will force energy regulator Ofgem to lift the price cap. GB News’ Tom Harwood began by asking: "I wonder though if we are really truly going to see the sort of rises in energy bills that we’re expecting to see multiple times more – maybe £4,000-4,500 a year being paid. £500 potentially in just a month in just the month of January alone.” "Tax cuts aren’t going to cover that, are they?" Mr Harwood asked. Tory MP Alec Shelbrooke said: "No, you’re right Tom. And I’ve spoken in my role at NATO the Assembly speaking to countries like Lithuania where governments are now buying the gas wholesale and getting private companies to sell it off. But capping what they can do and subsidising that difference in price. "And I think we have to recognise when I talk about we need to find some big solutions and no work within the current premises." In a direct slap down at Tory hopeful Liz Truss’ tax cuts plan, Mr Shelbrooke said: "So, it would seem ridiculous to say the government needs to borrow money to make up the differences in the gas price. "But just think about what I’m saying there, is that people will simply not going to be able to pay their gas bills. And if you want to say that we’re cutting off enterprise percent, you cannot sell it for more than this price. "But if people can’t afford to pay it – and they will not be able to pass it on to the likes of you and me when they normally do when it can’t be recovered. So, effectively, they’re giving it away. "Their profits are going like that. But they take the next situation where people, including myself, are taking money out of the retail economy to pay our energy bills." READ MORE: 'Really dangerous!' Money expert blasts Truss 30bn tax gamble "That means you’ve got a decline in revenue, in business taxes. When you look at the tax or perhaps subsidising through government borrowing or whatever, you’ve got to widen that up again the fact that people are becoming unemployed, no tax, no national insurance, corporations receipts going down. "It’s got to be balanced. And we are not in normal circumstances. And what I’m really concerned about is people are scared. "They want to do the right thing. They’re terrified of not being able to pay their bills. But they’re looking at their finances thinking: 'how the hell am I going to do this?'" Reports that energy companies like Shell and Centrica are earning millions in profits while people are struggling to pay their energy bills have caused outrage among energy consumers. The energy-focused management consultancy BFY warned British households to brace for annual energy bills of £3,850 – three times the amount they were paying at the start of 2022. DON'T MISS:Soaring energy prices could lead to 'non-payment protests' [FORECAST]Heat pump BOOST as UK launches £54m energy 'masterplan' to help 28,000 [REVEAL]GMB row erupts as guests clash over energy bills [REPORT] The hike in energy prices – partly caused by Putin’s energy war on Europe – means the average customer could end up "facing a bill of £500 in January alone", BFY said. Energy regulator Ofgem is expected to set the new price cap – which limits what suppliers can charge consumers annually for energy – on August 26, which will apply from October 1 to December 31. BFY expects the price cap to hit £3,420 and then rise even higher in January to reach £3,850. READ NEXT:Energy bills now tipped to soar close to £4,000Expert warns 'no end in sight' as bills to KEEP soaringNo end to high energy bills now Putin declares 'gas war' on EuropeUK in shock electricity import at over 5,000 times typical priceMillions urged to turn heating down and switch off lights