Sharon Osbourne objected to the idea of changing the Women’s football team nickname Lionesses to Lions over suggestions that the term had sexist connotations as she argued “they are women and leave them as Lionesses”. She added “[they] have worked so hard to get respect in this sport, a men’s sport for so long” and questioned, “why bring sex into this?”. The comments came as BBC Radio 4 host Emma Barnett asked former England football player Anita Asante whether the Lionesses nickname was sexist and whether it should be changed to match their male counterparts. Ms Osbourne told TalkTV: “They’re women. Leave them as Lionesses. “What is this Lion? Everything has to change, why does it all have to change? And why bring sex into this? “These are a group of women that have worked so hard to get respect in this sport. “That was, we all know, a men’s sport for so long." She continued: "They have fought so hard. “They are so brilliant, their technique, everything about them is so brilliant.” Broadcast journalist and actress Nicola Thorp, present in the studio, also pointed out: “I think it’s interesting that they are called the Lionesses. “I think that was actually a kickback to the face that before they were called the England Women’s football team. READ MORE: Spain ‘not worth the hassle’ fumes host as Britons face new travel rul “They’ve actually branded themselves with their own brand nickname as the Lionesses. “I think that’s an extremely feminist move to go to. “It’s given them an incredible brand. It leaves a legacy”. BBC Radio 4 presenter Emma Barnett earlier this week asked whether the nickname should be changed after reading out a message from a listener who questioned the use of the nickname and suggested it had sexist connotations. Following the message, Ms Barnett asked former England player Anita Asante whether she liked the term Lionesses and whether the nickname should be changed to Lions. DON'T MISS: Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [WATCH]Tom Bower ridicules Meghan for 'attempts to cut me off' [LISTEN]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare [INSIGHT] The footballer replied: “We gendify everything, don’t we? “But to be fair, it’s been a great branding tool for the national team and a way for fans to relate and connect with this group of players”. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries also reacted to the debate and said the idea to rename the Lionesses was “rubbish and nonsense”. Speaking at LBC, she said: “'Rubbish. Nonsense. They are our lionesses and I love everything that is encapsulated within that word. “The lionesses don't only just go out and get the food in, they actually look after the cubs and the entire pride, so I actually think they should be called lionesses and I am proud to call them the lionesses.” She continued: “Call them lions? No, I'm sorry but that's not going to happen - not in my house anyway”. READ NEXT: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'got back to US very chagrined'Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal dutiesHarry and Meghan warned 'everything rests of his book'Truss's shock pick for Chancellor leaves Tories horrified