Spain’s equality ministry has launched a new summer campaign celebrating beach bodies. The poster shows women of all shapes and sizes enjoying the beach with the slogan “Summer is ours too”. The campaign features five women of different ages and sizes enjoying a day out on a Spanish beach. It reads: “Summer is ours too. Enjoy it how, where and with whomever you want.” Ione Belarra, social rights minister in Spain, said: “All bodies are beach bodies. All bodies are valid and we have the right to enjoy life as we are, without guilt or shame. “Summer is for everyone!” READ MORE: Best UK seaside town with the 'cheapest' pub is 'quiet and peaceful' Antonia Morillas, head of Spain’s Women’s Institute, tweeted: “Diverse bodies, free of gender stereotypes, occupying all spaces. “Summer also belongs to us. Free, equal and diverse.” She told Efe: “Expectations are projected onto women about how they should look. That doesn’t only affect our self-esteem, it also takes away our rights and limits how we behave and whether we enjoy public spaces.” Spain’s Women’s Institute tweeted: “Today we toast a summer for all, without stereotypes and aesthetic violence against our bodies.” However, Cayo Lara, a left-wing leader in Spain said the campaign was absurd and trying to “create a problem where it doesn’t exist.” Ángela Rodríguez Pam, Spain’s junior minister for equality replied: “Men saying that fat women could already go to the beach without permission from the Ministry of Equality. “Of course we go but dealing with hate for showing off a body that doesn’t fit the norm. “What we are reclaiming is that all kinds of bodies are fine.” READ MORE: The Cruise crew face chaos as important item goes missing Beach bodies have been a controversial subject over the last few years with many women campaigning against unrealistic standards. In 2015, a campaign by Protein World featured a slim woman with the slogan: “Are you beach body ready?” The UK’s Advertising Standards Authority eventually banned the advert after over 70,000 people signed a petition against it. Many women say that they have faced discrimination at the beach or felt uncomfortable wearing swimming clothes. Spain’s new campaign was shared across social media and met with mixed reactions from people. Barbara Wallace tweeted: “Hooray for Spain! Want a beach body? Take your body to the beach! Life’s short! Enjoy every moment!” Mike Priestley tweeted: “Doesn’t matter what body size is, female or male should be entitled to go to the beach without judgement being passed on you by a stranger.” TV personality Vanessa Feltz told TalkTV: “It is so hard for women, you go on the beach and see these amazingly beautiful women.”