Erik ten Hag is 'growing impatient' over the lack of transfer business at Manchester United, according to reports. The Dutch tactician, who was appointed as Ralf Rangnick's successor back in May, has only received one summer recruit since taking over at Old Trafford - despite the obvious need for reinforcements after the club laboured to their lowest-ever Premier League points tally last season.  Talks have been rumbling on for Frenkie de Jong while negotiations for other targets have struggled to bear fruit, besides free agent Christian Eriksen. The Dane is expected to undergo a Manchester United medical shortly before signing a three-year contract. But outside of that, there has been little movement for United, who need to replace six first-team departures from last season following the expiry of their contracts. According to Mundo Deportivo in Spain, the United boss is becoming irritated with the lack of movement in regards to incomings. READ MORE: Ajax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro Martinez As a result, he has asked the club's management to speed up deals as he looks to bundle some new signings through the door. United are currently in Thailand for the first stretch of their pre-season tour but the clock is ticking ahead of the return of the Premier League on August 5. There is confidence that United will eventually land their key targets in due course, however. De Jong is name United are refusing to give up on, despite the lack of progress in their relentless efforts to sign the Dutchman. There is optimism Barcelona will still buckle later in their transfer window, even if the player favours staying in Catalonia. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set United have already agreed a 'basic' fee with the La Liga giants, who have now seemingly shifted the goal posts after demanding higher add-ons in the proposal. Barcelona are still keen to sign Raphinha and their best chances of funding a deal may rest with selling De Jong to United. A new goalkeeper is also on the agenda for the Red Devils with Thomas Strakosha the main name under consideration. Fulham had looked at signing the Albanian international but now he should arrive at Old Trafford to replace Dean Henderson following his loan to Nottingham Forest. Talks were also held for Watford's Daniel Bachmann but United failed to agree a deal. A new right-back is also on the agenda for Ten Hag with Denzel Dumfries among those to be linked with a move to United. Central midfield remains the priority though but attacking reinforcements could also be in the offing as Cristiano Ronaldo's future hangs in the balance. The veteran wants out but United need to sign replacements first if they are to agree to a sale this summer. RB Leipzig's Brian Brobbey is of interest but he is expected to return to Ajax following a challenging move to Germany.