Cristiano Ronaldo’s hopes of leaving Manchester United are still alive with two clubs interested in signing the striker. Reports suggest that Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid remain in the hunt for the Portuguese superstar as he looks to leave Old Trafford this summer. The 37-year-old is intent on heading for the exit after just one season back in Manchester as he wants to play in the Champions League. United will be in Europa League competition next season after finishing only sixth last term, with Ronaldo scoring 18 goals in the league and 24 in all competitions. But so far, the legendary striker has found it tough to find a club willing to take on his mammoth wages. Ronaldo is the Premier League’s highest earner on £475,000-a-week, with his contract set to run until 2024, and United have insisted he is not for sale as Erik ten Hag sees him as an important part of his plans. That leaves only a handful of clubs who have qualified for the Champions League and are able to convince Ronaldo to sign for them. According to ESPN, Bayern are monitoring his situation closely as they may be forced to sell Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona, while Atletico Madrid are also in the running after releasing Luis Suarez. READ MORE: Ronaldo's agent's meeting with PSG amid Man Utd exit links It is understood Chelsea owner Todd Boehly was keen to bring Ronaldo to Stamford Bridge in what would have been a shock move between rival clubs. But after discussions with head coach Thomas Tuchel, the Blues ultimately decided against making a concrete offer for Ronaldo. PSG have been consistently linked with the former Real Madrid star but their signing of Lionel Messi last summer means it is unlikely the Parisian outfit would combine the two, along with Kylian Mbappe and Neymar. The Ligue One champions are thought to have turned down the opportunity to sign Ronaldo, leaving him with only a few realistic options left. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo 'receives £210m Saudi Arabia offer'Man Utd boss Ten Hag criticised for naivety as club may 'have a word'Ten Hag 'can't wait' to sell Ronaldo as Man Utd boss under scrutiny Likewise, Manchester City only recently captured Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund in a £51m deal and their chances of convincing United to sell would have been extremely slim anyway. Ronaldo did not join up with the United squad for their pre-season tour of Asia and Australia last week after receiving permission from the club to stay at home due to a personal matter. His agent Jorge Mendes is trying to find a suitable destination for the veteran striker, but so far has come up short in his attempts to broker a deal. A gigantic offer was submitted from an unknown Saudi Arabian team which would have seen Ronaldo handed the biggest contract in the history of sport, with the opportunity to earn a huge £210m across two years. But Ronaldo politely declined the move to the Middle East as it did not appeal for the player and his young family.