Pensioners in England receive a free bus pass when they turn 66-years-old and it could be pushed back even further when the state pension age rises to 67 and then 68. But people only have to wait until they are 60 in Wales, Scotland and London. Millions of pensioners look forward to receiving their free bus pass to help them meet the cost of living. There’s never been a more important time to make savings where possible, but pensioners are being warned they could have to wait longer to benefit from a free bus pass. This is despite the fact they only have to wait until they are 60-years-old if they live in Scotland or Wales. If the Government’s proposals get the green light, the state pension age will rise from 66 to 67 in between 2026 and 2028. READ MORE: Universal credit: 25 things you could get for free in July However, some people may be able to benefit from free travel discounts before they reach state pension age depending on where they live. On its website, Age UK said: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [ALERT]State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Martin Lewis issues ‘big plea’ to pensioners 'missing out' on top up [UPDATE]State pension headache as Britons are living longer [WARNING] People who qualify for a free bus pass include: READ MORE: 'Great rate' savings provider now offering 2.35 percent interest  If people think they may qualify for a free bus pass, they should get in touch with their local council. The older age group is the most likely to be losing out on financial help according to Age UK. Some 850,000 are missing out on Pension Credit which could add more than £3,000 a year to their finances. Pension Credit is available to people who have reached State Pension age if they earn £177 a week or less. Typically, it can also mean they receive help with housing costs and a free TV licence if they are also over 75-years-old. What other freebies can I get if I qualify for Pension Credit?