Alex De Minaur has admitted he would have given up his Court 1 billing to allow girlfriend Katie Boulter to play in front of a bigger crowd after the 25-year-old crashed out to Harmony Tan in under an hour when Wimbledon stunned fans by putting the home hope on Court 2 at 11am. Boulter became the biggest story in British tennis when she upset last year's runner-up Karolina Pliskova in the second round in what was her Centre Court debut. It meant the 25-year-old advanced to her first-ever Grand Slam third round and she seemed a shoo-in to be given main showcourt billing once again to face Serena Williams' conqueror Harmony Tan. But the tennis world was left confused when Boulter was relegated to Court 2 at 11am on Saturday, while her boyfriend De Minaur was scheduled first on Court 1 for his clash with the fourth Brit to join Boulter, Cam Norrie and Heather Watson in the third round - Liam Broady. And the scheduling decision proved woeful when the British No 3 lost in just 51 minutes as Tan demolished her 6-1 6-1. The Leicester-born star defended Wimbledon's decision to leave her out of the schedule for the two main showcourts but her boyfriend De Minaur has now confessed it would have been good to see Boulter play in front of as many fans as possible. Asked whether he would have "given up" his Court 1 billing for his girlfriend if he had any input, the Aussie said: "I mean, of course." JUST IN: Heather Watson suffers injury scare ahead ahead of Wimbledon clash  While Boulter had explained her understanding for the tournament's decision, the ATP world No 27 admitted the Brit would have loved to be back out on one of the bigger courts again. "She's a Brit, so I'm sure she would have loved to play on Court 1 or on Centre and get as much support as she could," he confessed. "But as you have said, it's not in my hands. Look, yeah, I'm sure she would have loved to play on Centre or on Court 1." De Minaur also opened up on the logistics of dating another tennis player as he praised his "strong" girlfriend for battling back from injury to enjoy a career-best grass season. "Yeah, look, we kind of are pretty good. We are both obviously in the same profession so we kind of know what we can do for each other, as in support. You know, last night, schedule comes out, so we both know who's going to wake up early, who's got to get out of the house early, warm up, everything," he said. DON'T MISSCoco Gauff fails to match Wimbledon fairytale run as Anisimova winsLiam Broady knocked out of Wimbledon as brilliant run ended in R3'He likes the attention' - Tsitsipas shared FaceTime call with Kyrgios    "And we've got a pretty good understanding. If I was to play first and she's later on, if I can go out there, win my match, I will be there supporting her later on. She does the same. So look, I think we understand each other. We're there for each other, which is the biggest thing, win, lose, or draw. That's probably the most important thing." While enjoying her best showing at a Grand Slam this week, Boulter has also been dealing with the death of her gran after dedicating her win over Pliskova to her late gran in an emotional on-court interview, revealing she had passed away just two days earlier. And De Minaur said of his girlfriend: "I think not many people know how strong she is, as a human being, as a character, how she's been able to deal with a lot in her young career. Not only time off, one time she's had to deal with a lot of injuries in her career. "She hasn't been playing nearly as much on tour just because of injuries and other things happening through her life. So I think she's just an incredibly strong person, to be able to come back after all these injuries and still come out and play, you know, probably one of her best grass court seasons to date and just show what she can do on a daily basis is just amazing. You know, she's had a very kind of taxing grass court season, and you can just tell she gave it 150% and just emptied the tank."  