Novak Djokovic has responded for the first time since he was announced as the fourth member of Team Europe at the Laver Cup, joining Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer and Andy Murray. It will be the first time in history that the group of former world No 1s dubbed the ‘Big Four’ will compete on the same side of the net as part of the same squad. Djokovic joined his “biggest all-time rivals” on the roster for Team Europe as the Laver Cup announced the world No 7 would be making his second appearance at the team competition, taking place at London’s O2 Arena from September 23 to 25. The recent Wimbledon champion has now tweeted for the first time since Friday’s announcement, showing his excitement to team up with his fellow Big Four members. The world No 7 reposted the Laver Cup’s announcement, adding a smiley face and fire emoji before tagging all three of Nadal, Federer and Murray. “The Big 4 are in for London,” the Laver Cup’s tweet read. “Djokovic will join Nadal, Murray and Federer as teammates to defend the Laver Cup on Team Europe at The O2.” The 35-year-old also shared his thoughts on joining forces with Nadal, Federer and Murray in a comment provided for today’s announcement. JUST IN: Tennis accused of being lenient on Russia as top boss claims 'big win'   “I’m really excited to be joining Team Europe again for the Laver Cup at London’s O2 arena in September,” he said. “It’s the only competition where you can play in a team environment with guys that you’re normally competing against and to be joining Rafa, Roger and Andy – three of my biggest all-time rivals – it’s going to be a truly unique moment in the history of our sport.” Federer and Nadal were the first two players confirmed for Team Europe and for the Laver Cup altogether back in February. Murray was announced as the third teammate three weeks ago, and the Serb quickly admitted that he was in talks to join his fellow multi-Grand Slam champions. DON'T MISSUkrainian tennis star shares 'tensions' as Russians fail to decry warDjokovic US Open row spirals as 'absurd' Biden backed into a cornerRussian tennis star Karen Khachanov has hotel room 'robbed'  “It is a possibility,” he teased last month. “My agent has communication with the Laver Cup team. We have an agreement that there will be a decision after Wimbledon is finished.” Djokovic has previously only played the Laver Cup once, at the second edition in Chicago four years ago.  Of his fellow Big Four members, only Federer was on the squad alongside him and the pair joined up for doubles but lost to Kevin Anderson and Jack Sock. Team Europe has won all four editions of the Ryder Cup-style tournament so far, and with the Big Four all on the squad this year they look set to make it a fifth consecutive victory. 