Taxes are loathed by millions, but a certainty which cannot be avoided. However, the current climate suggests larger numbers of individuals will now be confronted with a higher bill to deal with. Ed Monk from Fidelity International looked back at 1991, where just 6.5 percent of taxpayers in the UK paid the highest 40 percent rate of tax. However, over 30 years later - this year, the proportion has now grown to more than 18 percent. There are now 6.1million Britons who are paying either 40 percent or 45 percent tax, compared to 1.7million 31 years ago. While population growth has a part to play, Mr Monk also pointed towards successive governments failing to update thresholds at which higher rates apply in line with rises in wages. READ MORE: NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 This is a principle known as fiscal drag, and it has become an increasingly popular measure in recent years. It was a trend adopted by former Chancellor, and current Tory Party leadership candidate Rishi Sunak. The former Chancellor announced in 2021 that he would be freezing higher and additional rate tax thresholds until 2025/26. Mr Monk explained: “While a burden on those paying tax, fiscal drag is a potent weapon for governments looking to raise money. DON'T MISSState pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly [INSIGHT]‘Very believable!’ Barclays issues warning on vicious scam text [WARNING]Inheritance warning: Grandparents urged to act to protect wealth [EXCLUSIVE] “At the time it was announced, the freezing of income tax bands was expected to raise an additional £8.1billion for the Treasury by 2026 but, according to forecasts from the Office for Budget Responsibility updated just a year later, that figure is now expected to hit £18billion.” Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, also warned more people are set to be dragged into higher tax rates. He added: “The Chancellor has been playing swings and roundabouts with income tax and National Insurance. “Freezing most income tax thresholds until 2026 is dragging millions more people into paying more income tax as wages rise.” READ MORE: Nadhim Zahawi urged to slash ‘stealth taxes’ as millions to be hit With thresholds frozen, Britons may wonder what actions they can take next to mitigate the tax burden. Some may choose to redirect earnings into a pension as this is a tax-free vehicle with potential for future growth. Mr Monk highlighted that any contributions made are boosted with 20 percent tax relief by the Government, or even more. There is, however, a silver lining at least for some Britons regarding tax recently. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The lower threshold of earnings on which employees pay National Insurance is increasing. For most, it will mean a boost in take-home pay of approximately £30 per month according to Aegon analysis. Indeed, raising the threshold is also set to take millions of lower paid people out of paying National Insurance altogether. When delivering the spring statement, the former Chancellor Mr Sunak said: “Cutting taxes means people have immediate help with the rising cost of living, businesses have better conditions to invest and grow tomorrow, and people keep more of what they earn for years to come.”