The Deputy Leader of the Opposition faced fierce backlash on social media after she claimed the Conservative Party failed to properly investigate serious allegations made against Chris Pincher before his appointment to Deputy Chief Whip. Angela Rayner said the Prime Minister had appointed Mr Pincher without conducting a proper investigation into accusations made against the MP during his time in the Foreign Office. Ms Rayner denounced the conduct of Boris Johnson during a conference hosted by the Institute for Public Policy Research Think Tank.    The Deputy Labour Leader said: “I find it speaks to the character of Boris Johnson if that’s the way he felt to deal with that at that time.” Ms Rayner continued: “Whether that's on discrimination, whether that’s on sexual harassment, on any grounds now, if you have stuff that goes on in your workplace, you have a responsibility, whether you’re the Prime Minister or not, to find out what that is and to find out if there’s any truth in what’s happening. “Creating safe spaces where people can raise those issues is important and Boris Johnson does not create those safe spaces. “He doesn’t uphold the principles of public office and, therefore, he demoralises people on being able to come forward.”    The Labour MP supported her assessment of the Conservative leadership as she noted the case of Home Secretary Priti Patel bullying members of her staff. Ms Rayner said: “When you had the advisor that complained about being bullied by Priti Patel and it was found that Priti Patel had bullied that senior advisor, that senior advisor had to leave and Priti Patel is still in office. “That’s what Boris Johnson did and that’s what creates an environment where people can get away with that level of abuse and it shouldn't be tolerated. “It’s Boris Johnson, that is the problem.” Twitter users hit back at the claims of the Deputy Labour Leader in a series of fierce comments underneath a video of her address. @Redredgreenred said: "Clutching at straws..much! Labour are just pathetic at this point." Read more: 'Huge error' to film Cabinet meeting as members face expose MPs fury    Former MEP Margot Parker said: "I'm guessing she forgot to mention the previous PM didn't react to rumours either?" User @aging_hacker asked: “How long did Keith Vaz get away with it?” Keith Vaz, a former Labour MP who faced allegations involving sexual misconduct and drug use, was appointed to the Justice Select Commitee after the controversy surfaced. A further investigation into his parliamentary conduct eventually resulted in his resignation and retirement from Parliament in 2019. @timw57 added: "And to think that she might be running the country in a couple of years time." Don't miss:‘Not surprised’: Pincher’s reputation common knowledge, say insiders [REVEAL]Tory rebels 'despicable' attempt to use Chris Pincher to beat Boris [ANALYSIS]'You always do this' Raab slams Susanna Reid in fiery Pincher row [INSIGHT] Twitter user PopulistRebel said: “Labour should offer solutions to the crisis facing the nation for once. “This Conservative HR nonsense is getting beyond a joke for the salaries and expenses they’re compensated by the taxpayers.” Social media commenters seemed dismayed by the Labour focus on tearing down the Prime Minister, as they called for a renewed focus on the political issues facing the population across the UK. User AlainLe89396509 added: “For the last time, the heads of organisations are not responsible for all hires.” Read next:Boris in a corner as it emerges PM 'was aware' of 'groping' claims'Lots of rumours’ Minister suggests further MP allegations could ariseDiane Abbott sends BBC show into chaos claiming about Boris JohnsonPlotters launch attack to oust Boris TODAY as PM ready to fight backBoris strides over the world stage but stumbles here - LEO MCKINSTRY