Twitter users have reacted with bemusement to a video reportedly pushed on behalf of the Russian state which aims to attract westerners to move to Russia. The short video is just under a minute long and contained a series of claims about the nature of Russia's economy and culture under Vladimir Putin. In the video, the narrator boasts: "This is Russia, delicious cuisine beautiful women. "Cheap gas, rich history world-famous literature, unique architecture, fertile soil, cheap electricity and water "Ballet," continues the voiceover. "Cheap taxi and delivery, traditional values, Christianity, no cancel culture, hospitality, vodka.  "Economy that can withstand thousands of sanctions. "Time to move to Russia. "Don't delay, winter is Coming." The video kicked up a storm on Twitter, with users reacting with bemusement and confusion as to the aim of the clip. DON'T MISS:Meghan feared causing ‘embarrassment’ to firm with father row [INSIGHT]Fury as GMB's Adil Ray fumes he is 'ashamed to be British' [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir [LIVE] VOA reporter Fatima Tlis commented: "State-controlled Telegram channels won’t stop bragging about this video. Not sure who is the creator. "But wow, just watch it. If the Russians didn’t promote it, I’d think this was a satire. Why do they think this could attract foreigners to move to Russia? 'Winter is coming.\ "The creepiest thing about it (apart from little girls) is that every single passage fits into Russian propaganda: starting from “Ukrainian Soviet Republic, to direct Putin quote of 'no cancel culture' to 'withstand 1,000 sanctions' and claiming writer and a singer as Russians." @AlexKokcharov wrote: "This looks so terrible I have no words. DON'T MISS:Meghan feared causing ‘embarrassment’ to firm with father row [INSIGHT]Fury as GMB's Adil Ray fumes he is 'ashamed to be British' [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir [LIVE] The Kremlin said on Friday it does not see any change in the West's willingness to make concessions over Ukraine in order to secure a ceasefire, the TASS news agency reported. It said that when asked by reporters whether Moscow has noticed a change in the West's position, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said: "No." The US, European Union, Britain and others have provided unprecedented military and political backing to Ukraine as it seeks to repel Russian forces who have waged an intense five-month land, sea and air campaign against Ukraine. Peskov was responding to comments from Ukrainian Foreign Ministry Dmytro Kuleba, who in an article for the New York Times called on the West to "reject Russia's fake peace proposals" and said "audible calls for a cease-fire ... are badly misplaced." READ MORE:Putin sent warning as Truss vows to be Ukraine's 'greatest friend'Putin moves to eliminate Novaya Gazeta as domestic dissent risesPutin humiliated as Russian forces 'struggling' in Donetsk offensiveHuge rift erupts inside EU as Nigel Farage exposes crisisPutin blackmails Europe with threat of ‘unmanageable’ gas cutoff