Pensioners are set to receive help as bills continue to soar, and the price of the weekly shop creeps up. In efforts to provide assistance, the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a cost of living payment. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is set to start issuing the first element of the cost of living payment from tomorrow onwards. In total, there are two payments which are worth £650. By the end of this month, those who are eligible should receive a payment of £326. Some pensioners could be set to receive even more support, particularly useful due to the news energy bills will rise going forward. READ MORE: State pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system It is thought eight million people could benefit from a cost of living payment including those receiving Pension Credit, Universal Credit, and tax credits. So, in this case, only low income pensioners will be able to benefit from the £650 payments. Pensioners will also, however, be supported through a one-off £300 cost of living payment. It means in total some could receive £1,100 worth of support for this year. DON'T MISS30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [INSIGHT]Inheritance warning: Britons face ‘nasty surprise’ in retirement [ANALYSIS]DWP warning as your bank account and social media could be checked [EXPLAINED] The Government has explained its reasoning behind the £300 additional payment to older people. Its briefing note states: “Pensioners are disproportionately impacted by higher energy costs, and many low-income pensioner households do not claim the means tested benefits they are entitled to. “So pensioner households will receive an extra £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter.” This payment will go to over eight million pensioner households who receive the Winter Fuel Payment. READ MORE: PIP claimants need to report changes or get taken to court It will be paid on top of other one-off support a pensioner is entitled to, for example, if they are on Pension Credit. It is worth noting the extra cost of living payment and the Winter Fuel Payment are not taxable. They will also not impact a person’s eligibility for other benefits. All pensioner households will receive this cost of living payment as a top up to their annual Winter Fuel Payment in November or December. For most, the payment will be issued by direct debit. The Government has also outlined the eligibility criteria for the £300 pay out. Individuals must be over state pension age between September 19 - 25, 2022 to get the sum. However, there are certain circumstances where people above state pension age may not qualify for the Winter Fuel Payment. As such, the Government has urged pensioners to check on their website for further details.