Manchester United announced on Friday that they’d signed Christian Eriksen on a free transfer. And, according to Brentford star Pontus Jansson, the Denmark international is just like Zlatan Ibrahimovic. That could bode well, especially given how Erik ten Hag is determined to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Manchester United confirmed the signing of Eriksen on Thursday, releasing a statement that read: “Manchester United is pleased to confirm that Christian Eriksen has joined the club, signing a contract until June 2025. “The midfielder has been capped 115 times for Denmark, scoring 38 goals for his country. “Eriksen has played 237 games in the Premier League, registering 52 goals and 71 assists.” Now, United will be hoping they can get Eriksen fully firing as they seek an improved campaign. And if he’s half as good as Ibrahimovic, then the Red Devils will be onto a winner. Speaking earlier in the season, just as Brentford secured Eriksen’s signature on a short-term deal, Jansson made the comparison. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings He said: “From the day he came in, it was with an aura – not of a superstar, but of somebody who has been playing for the best teams in the world. “I have played with players like him before, like Zlatan in the international team. “They have something. You see that when they have the ball at their feet.” United signed Ibrahimovic on a free transfer from Paris Saint-Germain back in the summer of 2016, shortly after Jose Mourinho’s appointment. Some at the time considered it a risk given the Sweden international was approaching the twilight years of his career. But Ibrahimovic silenced his critics with some storming performances, especially during his first season. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong To this day, nobody has bettered his 28 goals in a single campaign since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. Romelu Lukaku and Bruno Fernandes have matched that tally - but failed to actually build on it. Even Cristiano Ronaldo fell short last term, though 24 goals at the age of 37 is certainly nothing to be sniffed at. Ibrahimovic scored twice in the Carabao Cup final in 2017, putting Southampton to the sword in the process. And he played a key role as the Red Devils won the Europa League that same year, too, though missed the final due to injury. Ibrahimovic was, without doubt, a transformative signing for United. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And, now, hopes will be high Eriksen can make a similar impact after he finally put pen to paper - ending the uncertainty over his future in the process. Eriksen, meanwhile, has insisted he’s got plenty more to give. The 30-year-old, who has previously dazzled for the likes of Tottenham and Inter Milan in recent years, said: “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. “I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling. “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. “I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” And United chief John Murtough said: “Christian has been one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe throughout his career. “It is no surprise that he had so many options this summer, so we are really happy that he was convinced that this is the right club for him. “In addition to his outstanding technique, Christian will add valuable experience and leadership skills to the squad, and we are looking forward to seeing the benefits of these qualities on the pitch this coming season and beyond.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here