Brad Pitt, 58, has candidly discussed his belief that he suffers from undiagnosed prosopagnosia. The neurological disorder makes those who have it unable to recognise other people's faces - something that is commonly known as face blindness. The Mr And Mrs Smith actor said he has never been officially diagnosed, and that “nobody believes” him when he expresses his struggle. Speaking to GQ, Brad admitted feeling "ashamed", as he worries the condition makes him appear "remote, aloof, inaccessible, self-absorbed" to others. Brad had previously addressed the condition and how he feels people react to his inability to recognise faces. He revealed to Esquire back in 2013 that people sometimes think he is being “egotistical” when he does not recognise them. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour Brad said: "Every now and then, someone will give me context, and I’ll say, ‘Thank you for helping me.’ But I p*** more people off.” The actor added: “You get this thing, like, ‘You’re being egotistical. You’re being conceited.’ But it’s a mystery to me, man.” Brad used to be one half of one of Hollywood’s most famous power couples alongside actress Angelina Jolie. However, the pair shocked the world when they announced their decision to separate in 2016 after 12 years together. The former couple share children Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh and twins Knox and Vivienne. Speaking on their split, Angelina said their kids’ wellbeing was one of the deciding factors. "I separated for the wellbeing of my family. It was the right decision," she insisted. She told Vogue Global Network: "I continue to focus on their healing." DON'T MISS...Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby [LATEST]Macy Gray slams 'insensitive' threats amid backlash over trans views [ADMISSION]Piers Morgan sparks divide as Boris refuses to resign just yet [POLITICS] Angelina added: "Some have taken advantage of my silence, and the children see lies about themselves in the media, but I remind them that they know their own truth and their own minds." However, their separation turned sour after Brad publicly announced his intention to sue his former wife. The star claimed that she had sought to "inflict harm" on him intentionally, and that she damaged the reputation of their co-owned wine brand by selling shares to a "stranger with poisonous associations and intentions". The pair had bought the French company, Chateau Miraval, for an undisclosed sum that sources have estimated at $25 million. As part of the purchase, they received a vast home and vineyard in Correns, France, which was the site of their 2014 wedding. Angelina still had a 50 percent stake in the company when she sold her shares to a spirits manufacturer controlled by a Russian oligarch. Documents filed by his legal team state: "Jolie pursued and then consummated the purported sale in secret, purposely keeping Pitt in the dark, and knowingly violating Pitt's contractual rights." The July/August issue of GQ is available via digital download and on newsstands on 28th June.