The F1 sprint race will return this weekend when the sport heads to the Red Bull Ring for the Austrian Grand Prix. Max Verstappen will be hoping for a strong showing after holding off Mick Schumacher on the line to finish a lowly seventh at Silverstone. Lewis Hamilton, meanwhile, registered his second consecutive podium finish and third of the season overall, as Mercedes continue to make strides toward closing the gap on Ferrari and Red Bull. For the second time this year, a sprint race will be hosted to determine qualification for Sunday's race, but how does it work? A sprint race is essentially a shorter version of the main race with no mandatory pit stops. The results will form the grid for the main Grand Prix on Sunday. The starting grid for the sprint race will be determined by a usual qualifying session on Friday afternoon. The Austrian Grand Prix is the second of three weekends where a sprint race is set to be used, with the first taking place in Imola and the third will be held at the Interlagos circuit in Brazil. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton responds to winless run as Mercedes star yet to cross chequered flag first   The race will be 24 laps in Austria or the session will last a total of 60 minutes. Pirelli will provide three options for tyres with all drivers free to use whatever compound they wish. The session will be timed out after 60 minutes and has a maximum time period of 90 minutes if there is a red flag. There will also be points awarded in the sprint qualifying race. In a switch from the 2021 format, the winner will walk away with eight points, the runner-up seven points and third place will earn six. No points are available for the fastest lap in the sprint qualifying race. The second sprint race of the season will get underway at 15:30 on Saturday. DON'T MISS Seven-time champion Hamilton has reason to be optimistic moving forward due to the gradual improvements made by Mercedes over the last three races. After crossing the line fourth in Azerbaijan, the 37-year-old has registered consecutive podium finishes in Canada and Britain. After enjoying arguably his most successful weekend of the season at Silverstone so far and with the upgrades working well, Hamilton has hope for what the Silver Arrows can achieve going forwards. "The progress that we've made over the past couple of races has definitely given us hope that there's more to come," Hamilton added. "There is potential in this car and we just have to keep doing our due diligence, keep our heads down, stay focused and not give up." Verstappen on the other hand, who suffered performance issues at Silverstone, will be keen to bounce back and further extend his lead at the top of the driver's championship. 