The Bible's Book of Revelation sees the Earth suffer from "intense heat" and drought, a shower of deadly hailstones and disease. The extreme weather is then followed by the Apocalypse - the final judgment of man and destruction of the world by fire. Fires have been seen across Europe in recent days, as extreme temperatures scorched the continent. A major incident was declared in London after the capital was surrounded by a ring of wildfires, while in Kent, 12 fire engines attended a blaze in Dartford which set multiple homes alight. London mayor Sadiq Khan said yesterday was the "busiest day for the fire service in London since World War 2". Meanwhile, 37,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the Gironde region of France, after 47,000 acres of land were scorched. Spain and Portugal have also been rocked by fires, with almost 600 heat-related deaths being recorded across the two countries. The Bible's book of Genesis also depicts a flood, which wipes out most of the Earth's population. Earlier this year, the UK was hit by floods as three named storms - Eunice, Dudley and Franklin - struck within seven days of each other in February. River levels peaked at 4.53m in York on 22 February, causing flooding along low-lying riverside areas, with flooding also affecting areas of Shropshire and Worcestershire. The capital was also hit by unprecedented flash floods in July 2021, with nearly 76mm of rain falling in 90 minutes in parts of London. A total of 120 Kensington and Chelsea residents were evacuated from their homes as a result. Eight underground lines were suspended and multiple underground stations were closed. READ MORE: August heatwave: Charts show scorching 90F blast to hit UK AGAIN The London Fire Brigade reported over 1,000 calls relating to flooding on July 12 2021. The extreme weather episodes come against a backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic, which killed more than 6.3 million people globally. Some have expressed concern that the latest extreme weather and disease is an act of God. Linn County Sheriff Don Zeller told ABC News: "We're just kind of at God's mercy right now, so hopefully people that never prayed before this, it might be a good time to start. DON'T MISS: Europe BURNS as 'monster octopus' fires OUT OF CONTROL [REPORT]Images lay bay horror of record-breaking heat [PICTURES] London fires: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze [INSIGHT] "We're going to need a lot of prayers and people are going to need a lot of patience and understanding." Stephen B. Chapman, associate professor of the Old Testament at Duke University Divinity School, claims the Bible has a close relationship with the environment. He said: "In the Bible, there is an essential relationship between social justice and right worship and ecology. "The Bible has an intense interest in ecology." However, other theologians have dismissed the idea that the latest apocalyptic episodes have "theological significance". John P. Meier, a New Testament scholar and professor at Notre Dame in Indiana, told ABC News: "Only wild-eyed fundamentalists would think that recent weather phenomena have any theological significance. "The Earth has seen and will see much worse in recorded history." Either way, the end of the world – as told in the Bible – is likely not near. Instead, an increase in extreme weather events has been linked to human-created climate change by numerous scientists. The National Climate Assessment revealed earlier this year that the number of heat waves, heavy downpours, and major hurricanes has increased drastically. Climate change is expected to worsen the frequency, intensity, and impacts of some types of extreme weather events. For example, sea level rise increases the impacts of coastal storms and warming can place more stress on water supplies during droughts. Many are now calling for more measures to be introduced to prepare for such natural disasters and to accelerate the push for net zero.