And according to experts, this is not the last time that Britons will see extreme temperatures, with some warning it could reach nearly 50C by 2030 if we do not reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Professor Sir Brian Hoskins, Chair of the Grantham Institute, warned that we should be prepared for “temperature extremes” in the UK.  He said: “If we and other countries reduce our greenhouse gas emissions quickly and hopefully to zero by 2050, the rise in hot temperatures might be limited to 2C above what we have just seen. “If we do not do this, we should be prepared for temperature extremes in the UK in the mid and perhaps upper 40s by the end of the century.” Fire services across the country declared major incidents as emergency call centres were hit with thousands of pleas for help. Firefighters described the blazes that destroyed a number of homes and buildings in London as “absolute hell” with residents fleeing homes amid the 40 degree weather.  Wildfires were also reported in Wales, Scotland, and other parts of England as the dry conditions caused blazes. And this will not be the last time we see wildfires putting pressure on the emergency services, as Professor Hoskins warns this will only get worse. He added: “The rise in temperatures means more likelihood of wildfires. Damaging crops, and wild plants and animals, making their reduction or even extinction more likely.” Brits across the country struggled as the heat led to a number of cases of sunstroke and even resulting in some casualties.  READ MORE: Dog owners warned raw dog food could cause them 'serious illness' And with homes in the UK built to insulate and keep heat in, questions have been raised as to how we need to adapt to the changing climate. Professor Hoskins said: “In summer we must make sure, using roof overhangs and blinds, that the sun can be kept out on the south side. We need to increase natural ventilation. Having green spaces with trees and also water close to our houses helps keep them cool. The roofs should be light coloured or even have vegetation to keep the insides cool. We must also be looking to make the heating of our houses much more efficient in winter.” It comes after the Government announced plans to swap out gas boilers for heat pumps, a more environmentally friendly option. Heat pumps take warm air from outside and pump it inside homes, reducing the need for traditional heating.   DON'T MISS:How to stop maggots hatching in your kitchen bin this summer [INSIGHT]Wildfires ravage through Britain on hottest day since records began [PICTURES]Police say wildfires that tore through UK on hottest day [COMMENT] It comes as countries across the globe desperately come up with solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Professor Hoskins said there were two “main ingredients” in this year’s hot weather, with one being “a particular weather pattern that always leads to hot summer days” and “climate change”. He added: “Climate change means that the same weather pattern will give even hotter temperatures this year than it would have done in previous years. When the weather pattern does occur again, it will probably be even warmer. How much warmer depends on whether we tackle climate change by reducing our greenhouse gas emissions.” Brits turned to beaches, lakes, and even fountains in an attempt to cool off amid the record-breaking temperatures. Heathrow was the first to reach 40C on Tuesday, breaking the old record of 38.7C measured in Cambridge in 2019. But the hottest temperature was recorded in Coningsby in Lincolnshire at a staggering 40.3C. 