The Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla Parker Bowles, has taken on a new project and became the guest editor for Country Life magazine. Alongside the project, Camilla has also made a documentary with filmmaker Michael Waldman, exploring her love for gardening and sharing an insight into her personal life with her family. During an interview with Carol Vorderman, Michael revealed that the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, was chosen by Camilla to take the photos for the magazine and touched on their close relationship. Carol Vorderman stepped in for Lorraine Kelly on Monday after it was announced that she had tested positive for coronavirus. Whilst keeping her seat warm, Carol was joined by Michael to discuss the documentary, which is set to air tonight on ITV. Discussing the closeness of the family unit and the special bond she shared with Kate, Carol began: "Also on the family side. "Not just her relationship with Prince Charles but Katherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, took the photograph, she really is a very good photographer, and they are very close, the two of them." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Michael explained: "Camilla talked about that, the taking of the photograph, which obviously was a coup for Country Life to get that. "She described how it was relaxed there was no hair and make-up, they had a laugh, and it was just the two of them. "That photograph was taken by her dresser, I think, so not even Country Life were there, but Camilla talked to us and Country Life about taking that photograph. "She and Kate get on, and there is a relaxed sense in it, and obviously, Camilla chose Katherine, as she calls her, to do so because they get on well.  "She knows to have a good and relaxed portrait, the photographer is important, from Camilla's point of view that it was, it was a lovely experience, and it comes across in the results." The exclusive documentary is giving viewers access to the Duchess of Cornwall's latest role in her role as guest editor of Country Life magazine. The ITV documentary, which airs tonight, gives a rare insight into the future Queen Consorts' hobbies outside of her royal work alongside Prince Charles. Touching on the relationship she has with the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, Camilla revealed in the documentary: "She did really good pictures, and you know she does it very naturally… we had a lot of fun doing it. DON'T MISS...Camilla to wear Queen Mother's Crown bedecked with over 2,000 diamonds [INSIGHT]Camilla and Charles mocked by Princess Diana over infamous lewd chat [LATEST]Duchess of Cornwall will 'emulate' Prince Philip says pal [WATCH] "It was very relaxed and, of course, very kind of the Duchess of Cambridge… she's an extremely good photographer, and it was all very casual. "There wasn't much hair and make-up — it was just done in the garden with a lot of laughs — it was a lovely way of doing it." Kate spearheaded the "Hold Still" photography project during lockdown, which documented British lives during the pandemic, in partnership with the National Portrait Gallery. The Duchess of Cambridge reportedly inherited her passion for the medium from her grandfather, and she studied the history of art at the University of St. Andrews, where she met Prince William. It has been revealed that Prince Charles has opted against having a main appearance in the documentary as he wanted to give Camilla "her moment". Speaking in a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Charles' decision not to make an appearance. He said: "He wanted the focus to be on her [Camilla]. For her to shine, [and] her to have a moment". "[This] actually just proves what a kind and caring man he truly is." Mr Sean added that this is because "she gets a lot of backlash, still to this day". Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.