Manchester United expect to confirm an agreed deal with Ajax for defender Lisandro Martinez on Thursday after a final round of talks with the Dutch Eredivisie champions. United have broadly shaken hands on a £55million transfer and plan to announce him as Erik ten Hag's second signing as manager. 90min are one of multiple outlets reporting the Red Devils are set to complete the signing of Martinez in an initial £42m deal plus a further £4m in add-ons. And they claim United plan to confirm the impending move on Thursday after Richard Arnold and John Murtough travelled to Amsterdam earlier in the week. Ajax had hoped to negotiate United into paying closer to their £51m valuation, but Martinez has pushed for a Premier League switch. After he stated his desire to complete a move to Old Trafford over joining Arsenal, they have settled on a compromise fee after rejecting an initial two approaches. Martinez could be one of two completed signings this week, with United also closing in on the free transfer of Denmark midfielder Christian Eriksen. The 30-year-old playmaker is understood to have started undergoing medical checks and there is a hope that he will join Ten Hag's pre-season squad in Australia. JUST IN: Arsenal have chance to rekindle Aouar transfer as Premier League eyed Negotiations also continue for the Dutchman's priority target, Frenkie de Jong, and a £72m deal has broadly been agreed with Barcelona. However, the 25-year-old midfielder is reluctant to leave Camp Nou before being paid £17m owed in deferred wages, a significant hurdle stalling the deal. Ten Hag also wants to bolster his attacking options after Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard left on free transfers this summer. But Ajax have priced their former boss out of a move for Brazilian winger Antony, with currently little talk of alternative options. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'receives £210m Saudi Arabia offer' Martinez is an exciting addition to his rebuild in M16, though, after thriving under his guidance in the Netherlands. He was named Ajax's Player of the Year last season and boasts attractive versatility ahead of a hectic 2022/23 schedule - capable of playing as a centre-back, left-back and defensive midfielder. The Argentine could reunite with Ten Hag in Melbourne as early as this week. He could even complete his medical in the Australian city, rather than in Amsterdam or Manchester. His arrival will boost United's summer spending to £61m after Tyrell Malacia arrived from Feyenoord in a £15m deal last week. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt