The reigning monarch, Queen Elizabeth II is currently 96-years-old. Despite being four years away from her next milestone birthday, the royal household are reportedly already making plans for her 100th birthday, which will take place on April 21, 2026. Speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the Queen's birthday plans. Mr Sean said: "According to the royal household, our gracious monarch and the team around her are planning for q100. "You get the picture, that is, of course, the celebratory 100th birthday of our gracious Majesty, The Queen". He added: "So when you think about it, it does make perfect sense." Mr Sean said that even though it is "four years away", there would be "a lot of planning involved". READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ as Duchess requests 'completely secluded' tables He added: "It wouldn't be on the scale of [the] Platinum Jubilee. "[This is] because obviously it's not that efficient and we do know our Queen doesn't really like to celebrate birthdays, as such. "It's not really her thing", adding, "but of course they would have to do something to celebrate". He did note that along with her 100th birthday, Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall "would be knocking towards 80" at that time. READ MORE: Kate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite desperately begging to go In recent months, the Queen has been forced to pull out of a host of royal engagements, due to her ongoing health struggles. Following the announcement that the Queen was to miss the State Opening of Parliament, the palace released a statement to state that she was suffering from “episodic mobility problems”. Earlier this year, the 96-year-old tested positive for Covid-19. Her diagnosis came shortly after both Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall tested positive. DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] Earlier this year, the 96-year-old tested positive for Covid-19. At the time, Buckingham Palace revealed that the Queen had "mild cold-like symptoms" as a result of the virus. Following her Covid recovery, the Queen addressed the public and stated the virus had left her feeling "very tired and exhausted". READ NEXT: