Arsenal are considered stronger than Manchester United while Chelsea have fallen two places in the latest list comparing the world’s top clubs. Premier League champions Manchester City top the table with Liverpool two places further down in third. The rankings are run by the website 538 seeks to rank clubs in order of their relative strength, comparing 640 teams from across the globe. They are updated every week with positions changing every week on the basis of results. They are then used to predict how well each team will do that season with the website calculating how well each team is likely to do in each of the competitions they enter. The website also takes into account a club’s market value calculated by Transfermarkt as this often has a strong correlation to on-field performance. Manchester United’s good pre-season form, in addition to the signings of Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez, has seen the club climb ten places to 22nd in the last week alone. However, this has not helped the club to overcome their dire 2021/22 season with Erik ten Hag’s men continuing to languish behind fellow Europa League side Arsenal, who sit 17th, to be considered England’s sixth best outfit. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected Chelsea and Liverpool have suffered as a result of poor pre-season campaigns so far. The Reds are considered to have unperformed having been beaten by fierce rivals United in Thailand. As a result, they have been leapfrogged by Bayern Munich to fall into third place worldwide. The Blues have fallen two places after their defeat by FC Charlotte. Real Madrid and PSG have leapfrogged Thomas Tuchel’s men who now sit sixth overall. It is no real surprise that Manchester City top the standings given their success over the past few seasons and the value of their squad. However, the inclusion of Aston Villa as the Premier League’s seventh-best team may raise some eyebrows. The Villains finished last season in 14th but outrank teams like West Ham, Leicester and Newcastle.  The website uses the pecking order to determine the likelihood of certain scenarios happening at the end of the season. As a result 538 consider City’s chances of winning the Premier League for the fifth time in six seasons to be 46% with Liverpool further behind with a 30% chance. Chelsea are believed to have the greatest chance of splitting the top two with an 11% likelihood of winning the league while Spurs are an outside bet at 5%.