Last year, the BBC's royal correspondent Jonny Dymond accused the couple of not getting permission from the Queen before calling their daughter Lilibet - the monarch's pet name. However, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex denied these accusations, launching a legal attack on the BBC and claiming the comments were "false and defamatory". A spokesperson for the couple said: "The Duke spoke with his family in advance of the announcement - in fact, his grandmother was the first family member he called. "During that conversation, he shared their hope of naming their daughter Lilibet in her honour. "Had she not been supportive, they would not have used the name." However, Interior Designer Nicky Haslam, and close friend of some members of the firm has now added to the mystery over how the couple came to the decision to name their youngest Lilibet.  Mr Haslam said the Queen was taken aback by the name as she expected them to call her Elizabeth. He said: "I heard he [Harry] rang her and said, 'we want to call our daughter after you, Granny'. "She said, 'how charming of you, thank you', thinking that it would be Elizabeth. "So they got the permission, but they didn't say the name." READ MORE: Queen public outings pivotal to secure Charles' role However, there is no way to verify what Mr Haslam, 82, claims to have heard or how exactly the conversation between the Queen and her grandson went. The nickname Lilibet is very sentimental to Her Majesty as it was the name used in private by her father, George VI, and late husband, Prince Philip. Lilibet's middle name, Diana, was chosen to honour her "beloved late grandmother", the Princess of Wales, the couple said at the time of her birth last year. Mr Haslam, who is friends with Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Michael of Kent, spoke on The Third Act Podcast about the youngster's name. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew blasted in attack by ex-Royal police officer [INSIGHT]William lost hilarious nickname as he quit 'hot-headed' behaviour [COMMENT]Prince Charles and Camilla flight slammed amid royal spending row [ANALYSIS] He questioned why they didn't name her after Meghan's mum, saying: "Why on earth didn't they call that baby Doria? "It's the prettiest name ever?" It comes after the couple celebrated their daughter's first birthday on June 4 around the time of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. They flew back to the UK with their two children for the historic royal weekend. However, there has been no confirmation yet as to whether the Queen has met Lilibet. 