BBC Breakfast presenters Jon Kay and Sally Nugent were joined by Labour party leader Keir Starmer to discuss the ongoing battle between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss to become the next Prime Minister. After trying to get to the root of what Starmer's plans were, Kay became exasperated by his refusal to answer his questions directly. After not having any luck the first couple of times, Kay directly asked: "What does that mean in practice? In practical detail, what are you proposing? "I know you outlined five principles, and you talked about an industry strategy council being launched to help the economy. "But if you are filling up your car with petrol today or your worrying about your fuel bills, what are labour actually going to do? Give us the policies, what is going to make that difference, you keep talking about." Starmer replied: "Well, we have got to get our economy going because that has been the single biggest problem, and that is why wages haven't gone up. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin "That is why we have got these high prices, we have got the worse cost of living crisis, worst prices in fuel and food than many other countries. "We have got to change that. So many people are really struggling, so this is a plan to turn that around and to do it for the whole of the country. "It involves investment in the next generation of jobs, it involves skills to make sure we have the best people in the right place. "But fundamentally and really importantly, it involves turning the economic model on its head, and decisions about people should be made where they live.  "I do think there is a question of what do we do in the here and now, because people filling up their car today, trying to buy their food, are really struggling. "Labour-led on the windfall tax months ago saying oil and gas companies made more than they expected, use that to pay the bills of those that need it most." Many viewers of the show were quick to slam Starmer for not answering the question directly and took to their social media. @Saints_Mike7167 commented: "Starmer answer the question on what you'll do with the economy. If you don't start answering what you/Labour are going to do, you'll have no chance. Don't waffle just answer it. #BBCBreakfast." DON'T MISS...Starmer squirms as Balls exposes key nationalization plan flaw [WATCH]GMB viewers 'switch off' over 'pointless' Starmer interview  [LATEST]Labour axes plans for nationalisation  [INSIGHT] Anna Rollason stated: "#BBCBreakfast no Stramer what will YOU do." @keefiewallace fumed: "Kneel, Starmer, not answering the questions but just commenting as usual. No change there then #bbcbreakfast." Molly Ingridson added: "When will Starmer go on live TV and actually answer the question he has been given? Seems to always be a roundabout way of turning the attention to something so irrelevant." Whilst David Hollows exclaimed: "Same old Starmer interview then. Why do they keep inviting him?" (sic)   The interview came after Starmer delivered a speech in Liverpool to outline Labour's plans to help the country's economic growth.  