Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Quiet good fortune surrounds you as the week begins. It doesn't matter what you turn your hand to, and you will do a good job of it. Your boss appreciates your skills and your determination to do your work to the best of your ability. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Decide on what you want to do and once you've made a firm plan, stick to it. People will try to distract you but without success as you are focused on your goals. This does not mean you will be working in isolation, as a talented friend will be keen to lend a helping hand. Gemini (May22/June21) After some conflict, an agreement will be reached. All is well in a close relationship. You will feel more content and secure. Teaming up with a close friend will inspire you to dream big dreams for the future. You both feel you can accomplish anything together. Cancer (June22/July23) Be careful of a hidden rival in business. Someone isn't being entirely honest with you and you can sense this. Be ready to act when an opportunity to improve your career prospects comes along, and don't let an aggressive competitor push you out of the way. READ MORE: Zodiac: Best holiday destination for each star sign Leo (July24/Aug23) There's an undeniably dramatic side to your nature and this will be evident now much to the delight of your friends and family. Your flair for adding just the right amount of theatre to your speeches and presentations will make you popular in the home and workplace. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Something useful will come out of an upset or disappointment. If you have recently felt a sense of loss or defeat you could be in for a surprise. There will be a recovery of losses. Not only this, but an offer or competition win will be the key that eases a financial burden.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Talks with an older relative will give you food for thought. Someone you have always looked up to has the wisdom to share with you, and what they tell you will stick in your mind for many years to come. Are you spending too much time with your head in the clouds? Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Spending more time with people you love will be a welcome change of pace. You're focusing on all that is positive now, and this optimistic attitude is good for your health. There is excitement about joint travel plans now being made, and you feel more confident about the future. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) It's a great time to go hunting for bargains. Whether you have a special collection you would like to add to, you're knowledgeable about antiques or satisfying your love of art, keep your eyes peeled. You could come across something which makes you feel you have invested well. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You will excel when it comes to acting on your initiative. If an older friend or colleague urges caution or suggests waiting for instructions, ignore them. Your good judgement, practical approach and common sense will keep you on the right track. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) When it comes to dealing with housemates, close relatives and neighbours, it is plain speaking that is needed. There can be no better way of encouraging honesty and openness than through your own example.