Season six was something of callback to previous series of Outlander with fans getting more of Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) backstory while he was incarcerated at Ardsmuir Prison after the Battle of Culloden. After being on the lam from the Redcoats and hiding out in a cave near Lallybroch for seven years, Jamie eventually handed himself into the authorities to protect his family. Audiences got further insight into Jamie’s life as the leader of the inmates at Ardsmuir including his dealings with Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones), who was also an imprisoned Jacobite. Jamie was depicted as a younger man with red hair, who spoke on behalf of the men at Ardsmuir. However, Murtagh Fitzgibbons (Duncan Lacroix) wasn’t doing hard labour with Jamie and the others, leading some people to question why he was absent. Addressing Murtagh’s no-show in the scenes, Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B. Roberts said: “This is obviously a flashback of when Jamie first arrives at Ardsmuir Prison, he’s alone there. You’ll notice Murtagh is not one of the gang yet because Murtagh has not yet arrived. “Once Murtagh arrives that will give Jamie someone to talk to, someone to rely on and we certainly didn’t want that in these scenes.” READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan hailed by co-star in move away from Starz show These flashbacks scenes were taken from the book and required some creative licence from the writers given the TV series kept Murtagh alive when he was killed off by Diana Gabaldon at the Battle of Culloden. Roberts went on to say: “But this particular scene, in scenes dug out from the books, it was really important Jamie was alone here. “Obviously, he is in the books because there is no Murtagh. So we figured Murtagh would show up later and he did show up later to Ardsmuir Prison.” Roberts added about Murtagh’s non-appearance: “He’s in another prison now or he hasn’t been captured. So, that’s the take on this if anybody was questioning or asking about that, that’s the answer.” The showrunner admitted these scenes had initially been shot inside but this was later revised to bring out Scotland. Roberts explained how he always tried to bring an element of Scotland into every season of Outlander, and so felt it was important to show the rugged beauty of the country by shooting outdoors. He said: “It was dark and it was dank and it was filmed inside the castle. I mean, it was good but it didn’t give us the feel of Scotland. “I liked to make sure over the course of the seasons, I like to make sure there’s a little taste of Scotland in every season. Whether that be a character or whether that be a flashbacks or what not.” Roberts also spoke about why the show kept Murtagh alive much longer than the books with the writer saying the character served as a way to externalise some of Jamie and Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) “internal thoughts”. Murtagh was a “trusted comrade” to the couple and someone they could talk to on a “daily basis”, conveying their thoughts and fears. He added: “The book has quite a few internal thoughts, so we needed a way of getting some of that out. “Murtagh was a perfect confidante for that. Everybody loved him, the audience loved him, so we brought him back.” DON'T MISS...Outlander: Bonnie Prince Charlie star addresses return as ‘odd' [INTERVIEW]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Cesar Domboy nationality: Where was Fergus Fraser star born? [INSIGHT] In the show, Murtagh was killed off in season five during a fight between the British Crown and the Regulator rebels. Murtagh was leading the rebellion with Jamie forced to fight in a Redcoat uniform against his godfather. However, in a heartbreaking moment, Murtagh saved Jamie’s life and took a bullet for him during the Battle of Alamance. Despite Jaime begging Murtagh not to die and taking back his sworn oath to Ellen Fraser to protect her son, Murtagh perished. Outlander’s author has previously spoken about the producers’ decision to keep Murtagh alive in the show, joking at New York Comic-Con: “When I kill them, they stay dead.” Gabaldon added: “I mean, no offence to Murtagh or Duncan but you should stay dead.” Outlander season 7 is in production and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now