His words seem appropriate for this moment, as the heatwave fuels a mood of paternalistic panic and apocalyptic anxiety across officialdom. The political orthodoxy holds that the arrival of Mediterranean weather in Britain this week is not something to be enjoyed, provided reasonable precautions are taken. On the contrary, the high temperatures and blue skies represent a national calamity, accompanied by red alerts, declarations of an emergency and grim warnings of a colossal loss of life. One expert predicted that there could be more than 10,000 excess deaths this summer due to the heat. It is true that the current hot spell is unprecedented, even beating the peaks of the famously parched summers of 1911 and 1976. Moreover, a number of tragic drownings of young swimmers yesterday highlighted the risks that can occur for the public in these unusual conditions. Even so, we should retain a sense of proportion. There is little justification for the slide into doom-laden hysteria that seems to have gripped parts of the media and the machinery of state. As we have proved repeatedly throughout our island story, we are a tough, resilient people. We are not on the edge of a collective nervous breakdown or terrified by sunbeams. It is not as if most of us are unused to such heat. After all, British tourists make 18 million trips every year to Spain, 10 million to France and five million to Italy. And we should also remember that cold weather is a far bigger killer. One study suggests the annual number of excess deaths between December and March during the last two decades has been over 60,000, far beyond the worst forecast of heat-related mortalities this summer. Despite those realities, we are increasingly treated as dangerously irresponsible. In the present manufactured crisis, the British public is caught in a pincer movement of infantilism and rebuke. On one hand there are the bureaucrats of the nanny state who justify their existence by dishing out banal advice. "Turn off your central heating" and "move to a cooler room", says the UK Health Security Agency. If you go out, "walk in the shade" and carry "a bottle of water, sun cream and a hat" goes another set of guidance. On the other hand are the eco-warriors, who present the heatwave as punishment for our neglect of the planet. In this narrative, which is packed with quasi-religious overtones, climate change is the price we pay for the sins of our selfish lifestyles. Our failure to embrace radical environmentalism means we now face "Hell on Earth". With triumphalist righteous dread, the Green MP Caroline Lucas cries: "The climate emergency is right here, right now." But she has an ideological agenda to push. Most of the rest of us are far more pragmatic, ready to take pleasure in the sun where we can.