The ring, presented to Meghan Markle over a roast chicken, featured not just three incredible diamonds, but a beautiful story too. When Prince Harry announced his engagement to the US cable drama actress in the Sunken Gardens at Kensington Palace on 27th November 2017, the world got to see another royal engagement ring, and as with his big brother - Harry included their late mother, Diana Princess of Wales in the important piece of jewellery. The ring has been valued at around £122,500 by experts, thanks to the main diamonds approximately 3.00 - 4.00 carats. The smaller diamonds on either side are thought to be around 0.75 carats each. Two of the three natural diamonds in the trilogy engagement ring were once set in jewellery belonging to the princess. Maybe, as Prince William explained at his own engagement, he also wanted his beloved and beautiful mother there on his wedding day. The central natural diamond, however, came from one of the world's most important diamond-producing countries - Botswana, a place very special to the couple who spent a romantic trip there early in their relationship. READ MORE: 'More risque': Major contrast in Kate and Meghan's wedding dresses shows 'their positions' The three-carat cushion-cut central natural diamond is believed to be as flawless as can be and of course, as conflict-free, as can be too. Ferelith Moltke of Botswana brand Beabond, which only uses natural diamonds from this country, says: "The beauty of Meghan's ring is that it is set with a Botswana diamond which gives back to communities. "At Beabond we use these diamonds because they do so much good." To explain this further, former president of the country Festus Mogae has said: "For our people, every diamond purchase represents food on the table, better living conditions and healthcare, portable and safe water." DON'T MISSHarry's 'discomfort' during on-stage kiss with Meghan [EXPLAINED] Meghan is 'classic and elegant' because she follows Kate's rules [STYLE] 'Trick' Kate deploys 'shows she's not taking herself seriously' [EXPERT] Renowned jewellery expert Lisa Levinson at the Natural Diamond Council explains “The natural diamond jewellery industry has been through enormous positive change over the past two decades, putting social and environmental responsibility at its core. "More than just knowing you’re buying sustainable natural diamonds, today you can also learn about how your natural diamond helped international communities by supporting education, healthcare, biodiversity and more. "Over 80 percent of rough diamond revenue goes back to the producer community. "It’s amazing to know your investment and precious stone isn’t just a pretty jewel.” And in commissioning the Court Jewellers, Cleave and Company, to create a ring that he himself designed, with jewels from his mother, Prince Harry followed in his late grandfather's footsteps. In 1947 Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh designed an engagement ring for the then Princess Elizabeth, including natural diamonds from a tiara that belonged to his mother, Princess Alice of Greece. The band of Meghan's ring was originally a simple one made from Welsh gold, a tradition of the royals, and given to him by the Queen. But, not long after her pregnancy announcement the Duke of Sussex asked Hollywood designer, Lorraine Schwartz, to reset the ring to include micro pavé diamonds in the thin gold band. We first saw this new style in 2019 at Trooping of the Colour. Meghan also has an eternity band from Lorraine Schwartz, gifted by her husband, to celebrate their first wedding anniversary. A sapphire, peridot and an emerald are set on the underside to celebrate the birthstones of Prince Harry, Meghan and Archie. It is thought that either an alexandrite or moonstone will be added for Lilibet's birthday.