Chelsea are facing more frustration with Barcelona in the transfer window as they prepare a move for defender Cesar Azpilicueta, according to reports. Thomas Tuchel has already lost out twice to the La Liga giants this summer and may struggle to resist their attempts to lure his captain away from Stamford Bridge. The 32-year-old is reportedly keen to seal a move back to Spain after spending a decade in west London, making over 450 appearances for the club since his £7million move from Marseille in 2012. And according to Fabrizio Romano, Barcelona are now set to test Chelsea’s resolve by ‘pushing’ to sign the full-back. Azpilicueta’s contract was automatically extended by a further year while the club were in the middle of being taken over by Todd Boelhy to avoid his deal expiring. But Tuchel explained at the time that the club would not stand in his way should the Spaniard want to leave. However, that stance appears to have quickly changed judging by Tuchel's comments on their pre-season tour of the USA. The German appeared to be irritated by Barcelona’s conduct in transfer dealings and insisted Azpilicueta would not get his way if the club did not meet Chelsea's valuation. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel ready to block Azpilicueta to Barcelona "Maybe a little bit," Tuchel replied when asked if he was annoyed with Barcelona last week. "It's a tough question because I am not sure if I want to give Azpi what he wants. "At some point it is about what we want. I just made the comparison about how much we fought for [Kalidou] Koulibaly, who is a national team player and roughly the same age. He is a hugely important player for Napoli but we have a Spanish international who is the captain at Chelsea. "I see him maybe at the same level but Barcelona don't see him on that level. So I am not sure if I want to give him what he wants as he is a huge player." The Blues have already lost out twice this summer to the big-spending Catalan giants. They had agreed a £60million deal for Raphinha with Leeds before the winger stalled over the move, waiting for Barca to match the bid. DON'T MISSChelsea 'agree personal terms' with Fofana ahead of transferChelsea can plot ambitious Barcelona revenge with wonderkidChelsea poised to lose midfielder as star drops social media hint After weeks of waiting, the Brazilian headed to the Nou Camp and on Thursday, Barca managed to gazump Thomas Tuchel’s side yet again to land Jules Kounde. Chelsea had met Sevilla’s £55m asking price but the deal was never officially accepted by the Spanish club. And it emerged that Barcelona were working in the background to try and delay the move, with a personal intervention enough to persuade Kounde to change his mind and head to Camp Nou, where he has signed a five-year deal. Having snatched two players away from Chelsea’s grasp, Xavi also convinced Andreas Christensen to leave Stamford Bridge on a free transfer last season. The Dane linked up with the Blaugrana this summer after ending his eight-year association with the Blues, who were hindered by sanctions placed upon the club and could not match Barca’s offer. But it remains to be seen whether they will be successful in prising Azpilicueta away, given Tuchel’s determination and the fact is he under contract. If Chelsea are looking for a similar fee to what they paid for Koulibaly, it means Barcelona may have to offer a large fee just to get negotiations rolling.