Tennis star Nick Kyrgios has been summoned to face a Canberra court in Australia after he allegedly assaulted a former girlfriend last year. According to the publication The Canberra Times the 27-year-old, who has made it to the Wimbledon quarter-finals, is set to go to court next month. A police statement read: "ACT Policing can confirm a 27-year-old Watson man is scheduled to face the ACT Magistrates Court on the 2nd of August in relation to one charge of common assault following an incident in December 2021." Barrister Jason Moffett told the same publication: "It's in the context of a domestic relationship. "The nature of the allegation is serious, and Mr Kyrgios takes the allegation very seriously. "Given the matter is before the court ... he doesn't have a comment at this stage, but in the fullness of time we'll issue a media release." Kyrgios has been one of the main attractions at Wimbledon so far this year, and got through to the quarter-final stage after defeating American Brandon Nakashima in five sets on Monday. He is due to take on Chilean Cristian Garin on Wednesday, and insisted that he is ready to go all the way and win his first-ever grand slam. “Today I was almost just smiling and laughing to myself on the far side, just knowing I was locked in an absolute battle,” he said. “In the past I wasn’t able to kind of enjoy that. “That’s probably the first time in my career where I wasn’t playing well, regardless of playing Centre Court Wimbledon, fully packed crowd, I was able to just say, ‘Wow, look how far I’ve come’. “I was bouncing the ball before I served. I really just smiled to myself. I was like, ‘We’re here, we’re competing at Wimbledon, putting in a good performance mentally’. “There was a time where I was having to be forced out of a pub at 4am to play Nadal second round. My agent had to come get me before I played my match on Centre Court. I’ve come a long way, that’s for sure. “Now to sit here quarter-finals of Wimbledon feeling good, feeling composed, feeling mature, I’m extremely blessed. I feel like I’m just comfortable in my own skin.”