During the hot summer months, Britons are more likely to see all types of flies in their homes, including fruit flies. Flies get into the home through open windows and doors in search of food. Common house flies are attracted to decaying matter such as meat while fruit flies love to feast on overripe fruit and sugary drinks. Luckily, there are lots of different ways households can try to keep the flies out of their homes this summer. Jordan Foster, pest control expert from Fantastic Pest Control, has exclusively shared some tips with Express.co.uk on how to get rid of flies using home remedies. He explained that flies can quickly take shelter in homes, especially during the summer months and can even pose a threat. The expert said: “The presence of flies in your home can not only be annoying, but it can also be dangerous. “Various diseases are transmitted by flies, such as Cholera, Salmonella, and Tuberculosis.” In order to prevent them entering homes, Britons need to know what “attracts” and “repels them”. READ MORE: ‘Very effective’ smells to repel mice from homes for ‘optimal results’ Jordan said: “The best way to prevent flying insects from attacking your home is to understand what attracts and repels them. “Summer is the peak season for fly infestations when they are most active and reproduce rapidly. “A house fly is attracted primarily to garbage, filth, and waste organic matter. They eat everything that is usually in your waste bin - rotting organic products and food scraps. “The specks on other flies' bodies also attract house flies. Immediately clean them if you see any in your house. “Expired juices, spilt juices, and rotting fruit attract flies in large numbers, as do sweet and fermented liquids.” DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘30 second’ hack to clean shower doors [TIPS]‘Perfect’ way to improve your garden’s health using coffee grounds [EXPERT]Use sugar to ‘improve the health’ of your grass and ‘boost greenness’ [INSIGHT] Jordan shared several fast ways to get rid of these pests with using chemicals, one of which includes a “candle trick”. He said: “The fastest way to get rid of flies is to give the candle trick a try. “There is probably no easier homemade trap than this one. A candle, a plate, and some water are all you'll need. “Light the candle and place it in the middle of the plate. Add a little water and position it in the centre of the plate. Then, turn off your lights and wait.” The flies will be attracted to the light and drown in the water. Another method the expert suggested was to set a vinegar bait. READ MORE: How to sell your home for 10% above asking price using paint Jordan said: “Add two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, one tablespoon of sugar, half a cup of warm water and a few drops of dishwashing detergent to a bowl. “Stir thoroughly. When the concoction is ready, pour the mixture into a bowl. Place close to the area where you see flies. “The sugary traps will attract nasty pests and die as soon as they come into contact with the solution.” Just using a piece of fruit can be used as a successful trap for flies. The expert explained: “This is a booby trap for bugs. Put a piece of fruit in a bowl, cover it with plastic wrap, and finally poke a few holes. “Set the trap after the flies have arrived. As the rotting fruit lures them, insects enter the holes but won't get out. Once they're trapped, you can get rid of them.” While these methods are effective for getting rid of flies, it is best to prevent them from entering the house in the first place. Jordan advised: “Regularly take out the trash, even if it's not full. Especially if you have just made fresh salad and have cuttings in your trash, don't wait till the day after to take out the bin. “Make a habit of regularly rinsing the drains. It's worth the effort to buy a fine screen to catch any crumbs and food residue from going down the pipes where it's far more challenging to clean. “For example, bleach, drain cleaner, or a homemade mixture of baking soda and vinegar will deep clean the drain. It's also a good idea to use a plug to close it when you're not using the sink.” He also urged Britons to wash any fruit and vegetable well and keep refrigerated. If you don't consume fruits and veg while they're fresh and you notice them starting to get bad, dispose of them before they have the chance to lure in flies.