Abi (played by Sally Carman) has been getting her life back on track after suffering a relapse earlier this year on Coronation Street and giving birth to her son, Alfie. Following a lengthy court case with the child's father, Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo), the mother of four was granted custody and has been living with Wendy Crozier (Roberta Kerr) over the past few weeks to ensure she was ready to take on the responsibilities of a parent again. Although everything seemed to work out with her moving back in with the Websters, she might think about taking a break from the drama on the ITV soap and head to sunnier climbs, without Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell). The mother of four was jubilant to be moving back in with Kevin as the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama got underway. However, she didn't realise Kevin was in trouble with the police after almost destroying Stephen Reid's (Todd Boyce) car. With the charges against him dropped, Kevin was worried about whether things were going to work out with Abi moving back in as his son Jack Webster (Kyran Bowes) was feeling neglected. "I want to be here," Abi told her husband, who replied and reassured her: "Me and Jack want you here," telling her his son would move past his worries. Still doubtful, Abi told her spouse: "But what if he was saying what he thinks we want to hear?" and at this moment, Jack walked into the room. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Jack handed his stepmother a letter he was going to read at his end-of-year presentation but due to hitting another child, he didn't get to. Hoping it would help her thoughts about moving back in, the youngster got her to read his words, with Abi saying: "Moving on is hard but change is good, even though we might not think it. "I could, if I felt sorry for myself, I could say I wish I had known my mum who died when I was a baby. I could say I wish I had never got sepsis and lost my leg. "But if those things hadn't happened, everything would be different and I would be different and I like being me. "I've got the teachers and my mates to thank but also, my dad who has brought me up and looked after me on his own," the schoolboy wrote. "But he's not on his own now, he's met this funny and brilliant woman called Abi and they got married," Jack's letter read. With Abi getting emotional, she managed to continue reading the letter as she said: "It's not exactly been happy-ever-after but me, dad and Abi are a family. "And whatever life throws at us, we'll be able to deal with it altogether as a family," she added as the letter concluded. Having broken by this point over the support she was receiving from Jack, Abi was asked by the youngster: "We are a family, aren't we? Us and you and Alfie, my brother." Kevin told them they were and it wasn't long before the family were preparing dinner and Abi was unpacking her bags. DON'T MISS...Jack James Ryan bids emotional farewell to Corrie co-star amid exit [COMMENT]Debbie Rush spills secret behind losing 4 dress sizes in 4 months [ANALYSIS]Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [COMMENT] It seems things are going to get a lot quieter for the Webster clan now after the last couple of years have seen them put through the wringer. Having lost her son Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni) last year and having given birth to another, Abi might think about going to see her other children in Australia. The mother of four was briefly reunited with her twins at Christmas time when she received a gift from Seb from beyond the grave. Kevin got to meet his stepchildren but Alfie hasn't seen them yet and Jack hasn't got to spend enough time getting to know his stepbrother and sister. Therefore, Abi could suggest they all take a family holiday to go and see her children before the summer holidays are over. Unfortunately, Kevin might not be able to go as he would be working at the garage, trying to get himself back on track after weeks of running himself into the ground. Jack and Alfie would be more than available to go out with Abi and so Kevin could give his blessing for the trio to go. This would also coincide with the actress who plays Abi, Sally, taking a break from the show following her wedding to co-star, Joe Duttine. The actress could have decided to take a prolonged break from the programme and therefore, this storyline would work well. But how will the twins react to discovering they have another sibling and will they get on well with Jack? The actor who plays Kevin, Michael, has expressed his interest in his character and his family having some downtime. Michael said: "It has been fantastic after almost 40 years on the show to be at the centre of the drama and to be working with such fantastic people. "It would be nice though to see Abi, Kevin, Jack Alfie have the happiness they deserve and have a bit of breathing space with this blended family they have got. "They do love each other so much and they are determined to make it work and be happy together. "But with all the things that they have to deal with life is never going to be dull," he added so could more drama be at their door once the trio return from Australia? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.