According to a new study by Centrica Business Solutions, UK firms are moving forward with a £13.6billion electrification investment. The increase would see over a third (35 percent) more businesses operate EVs on the road by the end of 2022. In comparison, there were just 121,000 electric vehicles registered by firms last year. The research also found businesses spent £11.6billion on EVs and supporting infrastructure in 2021. Over the next year, businesses are planning a 15 percent spending increase, taking the total investment in fleet electrification to £13.6billion. Greg McKenna, managing director of Centrica Business Solutions, said the progress was “encouraging”. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers He did point out that more investment would be needed to further develop the infrastructure in the UK. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The UK continues to make significant inroads towards achieving its electric vehicle ambitions. “It’s encouraging to see UK businesses prioritising investment in the journey towards electrification over the next 12 months. “Businesses will continue to play a vital role in achieving the UK’s green transport ambitions. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING] “But with a record number of EVs expected to enter the UK this year, we must ensure the supply of vehicles and wider charging infrastructure is robust enough to meet the demand. “Combining energy technology such as solar panels and battery storage into the wider charging infrastructure will help harness renewables and reduce the demand on the grid during peak charging times.” The majority of fleet operating businesses said they expect to operate a 100 percent electric fleet within the next four years. This falls comfortably ahead of the impending 2030 ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles. More than four in 10 said they had increased the number of EVs in their fleet over the last 12 years. Most businesses have pointed to sustainability targets and demand from employees as reasons for moving to zero emission vehicles. Other issues include avoiding charges from Clean Air Zones and the ULEZ, as well as being able to receive Government grants to access EVs. Despite this, almost two-thirds of businesses are worried about accessing public charging points to keep their fleet moving. Around 48 percent of firms have installed EV charging points at their premises, with more than a third planning to invest in on-site charging infrastructure in the next 12 months. In June, the Government announced that the Plug-in Car Grant would be ending, with many saying this would affect drivers wanting to switch to cleaner vehicles. The Department for Transport insisted that £300million worth of grant funding would be given to sales of electric vans, taxis and motorcycles. The first five months of 2022 alone saw the scheme being used to buy almost 100,000 vehicles.