Tottenham are reportedly only £2million away from Barcelona's valuation of Memphis Depay as transfer chief Fabio Paratici looks to add more attacking depth to the squad this summer. The move may not be a simple one, however, with three clear stumbling blocks set to make life difficult if Spurs press on with negotiations. Depay has tried his luck in the Premier League before, although he didn't quite live up to his wonderkid reputation at Manchester United. Things improved at both Lyon and Barcelona, but the Dutchman now finds himself frozen out at the Camp Nou with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang set to be joined by Robert Lewandowski in attack. An early exit will be a bitter pill to swallow for Depay, who bagged 12 goals in 28 La Liga matches after signing last summer. AS claim that the Catalan side have now placed him in the shop window due to their wealth of options, and he will likely be moved on. Spurs are reportedly close to agreeing a fee, with their £15m offer only £2m short of Barca's asking price. There are, however, three hurdles to navigate if the north London side press on with the deal and attempt to fend off rival interest from Italy. JUST IN: Leeds fans fume at 'disgusting' John McGinn tackle that hospitalises 16-year-old  The first blatant sticking point is the price. With just one year remaining on Depay's contract, Spurs evidently feel as though their offer is fair and reports indicate that they aren't keen to put more money on the table. Secondly, Depay is thought to favour a move to a different country after his first stint in the Premier League failed to bear fruit. The forward's career picked up massively at Lyon, and having taken that goal-scoring form to Spain he may seek to stay in La Liga. READ MORE...Oleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as JesusMan City respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' for SilvaArsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic' Finally, while Depay is thought to have accepted his fate, he is also comfortable and happy at Barca after completing a dream move just 12 months ago. That may make him a less attractive proposition for Tottenham, with Antonio Conte sure to be keen on players whose hearts are wholly set on his ambitious project for the season ahead. Landing Depay would be a strong show of intent from Spurs, who have made attacking depth one of their key priorities this summer. Coming in as back-up to Harry Kane has rarely served players well over the years, with neither Vincent Janssen nor Carlos Vinicius able to mount a strong claim for the top spot. The Barca frontman could also represent a long-term replacement option, however, with Bayern Munich chief Oliver Kahn admitting that the German giants 'dream' of signing Kane in the future. The Lilywhites have already signed Richarlison in a big-money transfer from Everton, and he could see plenty of action due to his ability to play on the wing. Depay is similarly versatile, even if he has transitioned to more of a central player in recent years. Spurs have already thrashed out one deal with Barca this summer, taking Clement Lenglet on a season-long loan to bolster Conte's defensive options.