Gridlock on the roads is expected to peak between 11am and 3pm on Saturday when families rush to get away on a summer break. This is due to a combination of the first switchover days for holiday lets during the school summer holidays in England and Wales, a rail strike, the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, and the start of the Football League season in England.  Fears of a repeat of last week’s horrendous delays on roads approaching the Port of Dover and Folkestone proved unfounded on Friday but queues were building on routes towards the south and south-west of England. The Port of Dover has said staff and stakeholders have been “working hard” following last week’s challenging situation to ensure that “all aspects of its summer plan are in place.” Tens of thousands of families saw the start of their cross-Channel journeys ruined last weekend as the roads approaching Dover were gridlocked, leading to delays of several hours. Port chiefs say they have had “significant dialogue” with both UK Government and French officials and have “increased confidence” in their plans to provide the required resources for the coming weekend. Downing Street insisted issues last weekend were not caused by Brexit, with the Prime Minister’s official spokesman saying they were down to a combination of factors “including a shortage of French border control staff”. The port expects to welcome around 140,000 passengers, 45,000 cars and 18,000 freight vehicles between Thursday and tomorrow (SUN). National Highways, which manages England’s motorways and major A roads, said: “Drivers travelling in and around Kent are advised to plan ahead as this weekend is likely to be extremely busy.  “Operation Brock contraflow remains in place on the M20 and is part of a series of measures to improve Kent’s resilience and ensure the smooth flow of traffic through the region in the event of disruption to services across the English Channel.” Members of train drivers union Aslef at eight companies will also walk out on Saturday, prompting concerns of congestion on the roads. Companies affected by the industrial action are Arriva Rail London, Chiltern Railways, Greater Anglia, Great Western, Hull Trains, LNER, Southeastern and West Midlands Trains. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, said: “Our Amber Traffic Warning remains in place as the summer holiday season continues so drivers should be prepared to encounter congestion. “Saturday traffic may be busier as holiday makers mix with those affected by rail strikes, as well as people attending sporting events such as EFL Championship matches, Liverpool V Man City at the King Power Stadium and the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.” 