Another popular question these drivers face is “do you just not go on long car journeys anymore?” – and 83 percent even believe people sometimes act differently around them after they learn what they drive. But more than three-quarters (78 percent) admitted to believing a misconception before owning an EV, which they now know not to be true. Among the most commonly believed myths include there being too many different sockets on vehicles (39 percent), and the electricity grid not being able to cope if everyone charged their car at once (34 percent). Others believed that EVs cannot travel far (37 percent), and that they take a long time to charge (34 percent). However, it also emerged nearly eight in ten (79 percent) think there is a need for more public charging points – as 63 percent have had to stop mid-journey to recharge their car. Henry Duff, head of net zero at British Gas, which commissioned the research, said: “EV adoption levels continue to rocket as more drivers realise the full potential of making the switch to electric. “Yet, as demand for EVs intensifies, we must ensure that the UK’s charging network is ready for drivers to access reliable, convenient, and easy to operate charge points. “If we’re not careful, we could stall the good progress made to encourage more motorists to adopt EVs.” When talking about their habits behind the wheel, 82 percent will typically drive slower than the speed limit to save energy. And the average driver reduces their speed by 15 percent compared to when they drove a diesel or petrol car. Meanwhile more than a third (37 percent) are now more aware of how many miles it takes to reach a destination, because of their eco-friendly car. And 35 percent keep the battery between 20 to 80 percent charged – with 34 percent planning their journey more meticulously to include charging stops. It also emerged 82 percent claim passengers who get in an EV for the first time react differently when they turn the car on without it making a sound. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found three-quarters (73 percent) of EV drivers believe people assume they have lots of disposable income, because they own an electric vehicle. Henry Duff added: “Switching to an EV requires a change in mindset – from the way you drive, to how you refuel and maintain the vehicle. “Driving at a slower speed is a common habit newly converted EV drivers adopt – this help to keep the energy consumption low, boosts the battery’s range, and allows you to go further for longer. “Many motorists will still be wary about making the change from petrol to electric, which is why it is so important that policy makers continue to make the transition to electric seamless by accelerating the roll out of the UKs charging infrastructure, and providing incentives to make EVs affordable and accessible to all.” TOP 20 COMMON QUESTIONS EV DRIVERS GET ASKED: