The Black Eagles are the current Republic of Korea (South Korea) Air Force aerobatic display team who fly eight black, white and yellow KAI T-50B aircraft. The display team has been on a European tour - which has included the Royal International Air Tattoo and Farnborough Airshow. Yesterday, the Black Eagles display team roared over Torbay at around 4pm.  Moments after their low pass over Torbay they were spotted over Newton Abbot and then over Exeter, DevonLive reports. The team is based in South Korea's Gangwon province and was formed in 1994. After disbanding in 2007 they reformed with their new aircraft in 2010. This is their first visit to the UK in the last 10 years. It is not known why they were flying over Devon in formation, but they have been based at MoD Boscombe Down in Wiltshire while flying at air displays across the UK. Wiltshire Live reports: "The Black Eagles landed earlier this month and have been mesmerising Wiltshire residents these past weeks with formation displays ahead of their UK airshow performances." Excited by the spectacle, people were keen to take to Facebook to share their experiences of the display. Many posted pictures they had taken, capturing the jets as they soared over the local area. "They flew over my workplace. They looked amazing," commented Natalie Michele Blackler.  "Saw them at RIAT at the weekend, they were incredible!" added Rich Walker. The sentiment was echoed by most users who had been fortunate enough to witness the planes in action. As one user, Mike Hardy, said: "Best display team in the world in my opinion." "They were at RIAT RAF Fairford last weekend and were brilliant," said Richard Ewings. Another user, Amy Hardware, commented: "We watched them at fairford last weekend. Absolutely amazing they was. Red arrows need to up there game they was that brilliant." "They went over our year 6 leavers BBQ and the kids thought it was organised for them," joked Lisa Jackson. Following their visit to the UK, the team have announced that they will be visiting 13 more countries in an attempt to promote South Korean military assests, such as the FA-50 light attack aircraft. The airforce has also said that the team's estimated flight distance by the time they return home will be 20,000 kilometers.