Arsenal look better than ever under Mikel Arteta and that is in no small part down to the arrival of Gabriel Jesus this summer. It may only be pre-season but the 6-0 demolition of Sevilla on Saturday gave a taste of what is to come from Arteta's side. Jesus has settled in better than anyone would have expected following his arrival from Manchester City. He netted a hat-trick on his first Emirates appearance as an Arsenal player to make it seven goals in pre-season for the Brazilian. Former Gunners left-back Nigel Winterburn was on co-commentary for the club's in-house media channel. And after Jesus' third goal, he likened him to legendary former Arsenal striker Ian Wright. And that is what Arteta has signed, a goalscorer. A player who is desperate to score as many as he can in every game. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd handed De Jong boost, Chelsea bid, Arsenal snubbed  Jesus was never a regular starter at City but being given the responsibility of being Arsenal's main No 9 is set to get the best out of him. Like Wright used to have, Jesus has the pace, tight control and clinical nature in front of goal that Arsenal have been missing. Alexandre Lacazette worked hard last season but Jesus is a huge upgrade on the Frenchman. The 25-year-old's exceptional footwork allows him to get shots off that many others wouldn't be able to. He has already settled into his new surroundings and is going to be key to any success Arsenal have this season. He already has five-and-half years of Premier League experience behind him and is now set to enter the prime of his career. Jesus can't do it all on his own though. And it appears his presence is getting even more out of his new team-mates. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘to meet De Jong for final crunch talks’ with new tacticTuchel leaves trio 'out in the cold' by refusing to give them shirt numbersMan Utd star McTominay triggers huge brawl in Atletico friendly  Bukayo Saka continues to thrive and Gabriel Martinelli appears to have a new lease of life after struggling in front of goal last season. Martin Odegaard, who is officially the new Arsenal captain, seems to have already built up a relationship with Jesus. Granit Xhaka also shone against Sevilla in a left No 8 position. The presence of Thomas Partey in a deeper No 6 role enables those in front of him to be more adventurous. William Saliba looks like a Rolls Royce centre-back alongside Gabriel Magalhaes. Arteta has had two-and-a-half seasons to get his team playing how he wants. This campaign is set to be a big one for the Spaniard and results will be expected. But the early signs are good and Jesus in particular appears to be one of the signings of the window. 