Manchester United have shortlisted Paulo Dybala as a potential replacement if Cristiano Ronaldo gets his wish and leaves the club this summer. Dybala is available on a free transfer after his Juventus contract expired on July 1 and a move to Inter Milan collapsed. The 28-year-old forward was expected to join Juventus' Serie A rivals as a free agent. However, Romelu Lukaku's sudden availability switched Inter's focus in the transfer market, prioritising his return from Chelsea on a season-long loan just one year after selling him for £97.5million. Dybala's £5.1m (€6m) annual salary demands have left him without a stand-out suitor and formed an unusual situation whereby a player of his quality has begun pre-season training without knowing where he'll play next season. But the Premier League could soon become a realistic destination. Gianluca Di Marzio has revealed that Dybala is on United's attacking shortlist in case Ronaldo departs in the summer transfer window. He told wettfreunde: "Manchester United, yes, if Ronaldo left. But they are looking for a number nine, and if they get Dybala, they will have to change their playing style. But he's on United's list." JUST IN: Chelsea 'make move' for Robert Lewandowski as Ronaldo transfer paused The Red Devils pursued Dybala in the summer of 2019, agreeing a swap deal in principle with Juventus including Romelu Lukaku. However, the Argentine rejected a switch to England, with Tottenham Hotspur also in advanced talks, and Lukaku joined Inter Milan later in the window. His circumstances have significantly changed since then, though, and becoming the centrepiece of the attack in Erik ten Hag's revolution could be an attractive proposition. Dybala's versatility could entice United to make a formal approach for his services if there's a Ronaldo-sized void needing filling in the coming months. READ MORE: Man Utd's Ten Hag hands down punishment to players in training session Ten Hag is in need of attacking reinforcements after Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, and Jesse Lingard joined Dybala in becoming free agents on July 1. United don't currently have a single senior left-footed winger in the first team and, beyond Ronaldo, are also without a natural senior centre-forward after Cavani's exit. Dybala can operate centrally and on the right, which, in a hectic upcoming season where all clubs will need to maximise their entire squads, makes his supposed current lack of concrete suitors all the more confusing. But he is seemingly a genuine option for United, with Ronaldo's future unclear. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt