The Gogglebox stars from Wales, the hilarious Dave and Shirley, revealed their plans to return to the hit Channel 4 show this year. In a sweet photo of them cheerily enjoying their holiday together, the couple seemingly declared their intentions to rejoin the hit reality show, while also revealing the start date of the new Gogglebox series. The husband and wife comedic duo captioned a cute holiday snap with, "happy holidays, see you all in September" to their 163,000 followers. Not only did the couple give away their return to the unique TV-watching show. But, the Welsh couple also gave away the planned month the Channel 4 hit will make its comeback for its next series. And viewers will not have to wait long if Dave and Shirley's announcement is confirmed. READ MORE: /showbiz/tv-radio/1641971/Endeavour-Roger-Allam-Fred-Thursday-ending With such a TV bombshell being shared, legions of their fans commented their delight about the two pieces of good news. One user had missed the pair on their screens and wrote: "Absolutely gorgeous picture of you both miss you guys roll on September." Another added: "You're both looking so well have a fab summer, can't wait for the next series." With their cheeky mannerisms and frank observations, the couple have always been popular and on fan commented, "I think you're a lovely brilliant funny couple love to watch you both." The couple from Caerphilly have been married for 46 years and look to be part of the 20th series of Gogglebox. For the time being, viewers will be treated to the celebrity edition of the BAFTA winning programme. A huge range of famous faces will introduce cameras into their living rooms, so fans can once again watch them react the nation's most popular offerings. Nick Grimshaw, Carol Vorderman, Gyles Brandreth and Big Zuu will all entertain audiences with their reactions to the latest TV shows on Friday evenings. DON'T MISS:  Carol Vorderman gobsmacked after x-rated Gogglebox probe [REACTION]Gogglebox's Roman Kemp storms off set after calling dad 'disgusting' [ARTICLE]Gogglebox's Mica Ven becomes a grandmother as she shares sweet name [UPDATE]   Some of the new names joining the cast will be the cheeky football pundits Micah Richards and Jamie Carragher. They will be joined by Space Man singer Sam Ryder and radio host Scott Mills for the latest celebrity edition . Fellow musical duo Denise Van Outen will now be joined with Blue star Duncan James. Denise formerly appeared on the show with her ex-partner Eddie Boxshall. The summer has been a busy time for fellow stars of Gogglebox too. There could be yet more new arrivals for a series in the future, with the next generation of armchair fanatics waiting in the wings. Fan-favourite Mica Ven shared the news of her becoming a grandmother for the first time. Look out for her newborn granddaughter Koko joining co-stars Dave and Shirley in a Gogglebox series coming soon.