Ovens can get dirty very easily and most of the time, it is easy to forget to clean it after regular use. Not only can a dirty oven cause a fire, it can also lead to diminished food flavour. Although my oven door was greasy, it wasn’t too big of a job that required professional cleaners. I decided to use Elbow Grease’s All Purpose Degreaser to tackle the job. The cleaning product claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing grease spots from fabrics and porous materials. The brand behind the cleaning spray said: “The ultimate power degreasing properties of this cleaner make it the only cleaner you will ever need, the uses are endless. “Elbow Grease cleans pots, pans, kitchen tops, ovens, microwaves, showers, sinks, BBQs and much, much more.” READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home After recently using the spray on my hob, I decided it would be great to use it on the oven door. To begin with, I gave the door a good spray with the cleaning product. I have used it multiple times now on different surfaces and I love that it can be used for so much. What’s more, the product lasts for ages as it comes in two large sizes. DON'T MISS:Flowers: ‘Boost the nutrients’ of roses using banana peel trick [EXPERT]How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home [COMMENT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [INSIGHT] I left the product to sit for around two minutes before taking a scourer and working the product into the glass. Immediately the grease and grime marks began to melt away. I wiped over the whole oven door and within two minutes, all marks completely disappeared. The results were impressive and when compared to before, you could tell how much it needed to be cleaned. READ MORE: How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting To complete the job, I took a microfibre cloth and made sure there was no product residue left on the door. The cleaning spray also worked great on the bottom of the oven and the outside of the door. It can be purchased from multiple retailers for as little as £1. The spray has been a staple in my cleaning cupboard for several weeks now and I continue to use it daily. Elbow Grease recommended testing the spray on an inconspicuous area before use. If in doubt, consult the product manufacturer’s instructions before use. The brand suggested using the spray to clean kitchen hobs, extractor fans, toasters, cooker hoods and kitchen worktops. It can also be used to clean radiators, painted walls, outdoor furniture and tiles.