In her first public investiture since she knighted Captain Sir Tom Moore in July 2020, the 96-year-old honoured the health service for its work since its inception in July 1948 and particularly during the pandemic. The NHS became only the third collective recipient of the cross, Britain’s highest award for non-operational gallantry, ­following the island of Malta and the Royal Ulster Constabulary. It is awarded “for acts of the greatest heroism or for most conspicuous courage in circumstance of extreme danger”. In the White Drawing Room at Windsor Castle, the monarch and Prince Charles were joined by executives and health workers from the four home nations – each nation receiving a medal on a cushion. Among them was May Parsons, the nurse who delivered the world’s first Covid-19 vaccine outside of clinical trials to Maggie Keenan in Coventry on December 8, 2020. When the nurse told the Queen: “We’re terribly proud of the vaccination rollout, it was so successful,” she replied: “Yes it was amazing.” And when NHS England chief executive Amanda Pritchard highlighted the tens of millions who have been jabbed, the monarch said “tremendous”. Professor Philip Banfield, chairman of the British Medical Association council, said: “This is rightful recognition of the incredible work the NHS has done over the last 74 years, especially during the pandemic.” He added, however: “Healthcare workers deserve to work in a health ­service that properly ­values them, otherwise it’s merely paying lip service to their efforts.” Also yesterday, Professor Sir Chris Whitty, money expert Martin Lewis and Olympic diver Tom Daley were presented with honours by Prince Charles. Chief medical officer Sir Chris was made Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath for his services to public health. Martin picked up his CBE for services to broadcasting and consumer rights. The founder of MoneySavingExpert.com, who is a vocal critic of the Government’s handling of the cost-of-living crisis, said it was “potentially more ­dangerous to lives than the pandemic”. He added: “I am without ­embarrassment, deliberately raising an alarm right now." “When you get the ear of the Prince of Wales for a moment like that, it seemed the right time to take advantage.” Olympic champion Tom received his OBE for services to diving, as well as in recognition of his charity work and his support of LGBTQ+ rights.