Research conducted by the Zhejiang Chinese Medical University in China, along with academics from other universities, found a group of more than 250 centenarians had several things in common when it came to their health. To carry out the study, 271 centenarians and 570 non-centenarians were assessed via a survey. Conducted from 2013 to 2017 it highlighted the differences between the younger and older generations.  The paper, which was published in the Frontiers in Public Health journal, says: “The prevalence rates of tumour, stomach and duodenal ulcer, diabetes, bronchial asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, tuberculosis among centenarians were all lower than those among non-centenarians.” It concludes that the five following health aspects are vital for longevity: It says: "Pay attention to oral health, and develop the good habit of loving teeth. READ MORE: Sean Connery’s widow on ‘devastating effect’ dementia had on Bond star - ‘Took its toll'  “The diet should be rich and varied, and increase the intake of grains and fruits. “Give up smoking, limit alcohol, spirit-preserving with calming, follow the law of scientific regimen." The study explains further: “The oral health of centenarians is better than that of non-centenarians. “The consumption of coarse cereals, pasta, other staple foods and fruits among centenarians was higher than that of non-centenarians.   “The percentage of centenarians who smoke or engage in recreational activities every day was lower than that of non-centenarians.” However, the research suggests that loneliness was more of an issue among the older group. It says: “The study also shows that as people get older, their interest in outside entertainment diminishes. “The percentage of centenarians who are introverted and never feel lonely is higher than that of non-centenarians.  READ MORE: The ‘little known’ rash caused by sunlight that affects one in five – signs “People should respond to the lifestyle of smoking cessation and alcohol restriction and mentality balance advocated by the World Health Organisation (WHO).” To conduct the study, participants were selected from 29 counties and districts within Zhejiang province. And the average age of the centenarians was 102, with an upper limit of 115. While the average age of the non-centenarians was 89.  Among the centenarians surveyed, 83 were men, accounting for 32.5 percent, and 172 were women, accounting for 67.5 percent. While non-centenarians, 259 were men, accounting for 49.2 percent, and 267 were females, accounting for 50.8 percent. “It is showed that the proportion of women in centenarians is higher than that of non-centenarians, and the difference was statistically significant,” the paper adds. “Consistent with WHO statistics on the global population, women live longer than men.” 