   Chris Evans, 56, insisted that his team “did not want to go” to Wimbledon this year, after colleague Vassos Alexander confirmed they were rejecting yet another invitation to attend the tennis tournament. Chris, who has his own show on Virgin Radio, was not fussed about attending the event, in spite of its immense popularity.      Yesterday, Chris discussed Wimbledon with his colleagues as it was revealed they had turned down special invitations to attend the event. Speaking to his listeners, Chris explained Vassos had just asked him and his radio co-star Rachel Horne to record a video message saying, “Thank you, Gus”. When Chris asked Vassos why they had to record the message, he confirmed it was because they had been invited to Wimbledon. Vassos explained: “We’re trying to - because we’ve all been very kindly invited to Wimbledon (Gus works at Wimbledon). READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell     “But we can’t because we have very full diaries this week. “And what my dad says is that you should always refuse an invitation elegantly, and I love that word: elegantly. “So, you saying ‘thank you, Gus’ into my camera phone is part of my elegantly refusing the invitation - and hopefully being invited again." At this point, Rachel interjected to say that “decline” was a better word to use, as “refuse sounds quite harsh”.      Chris agreed that he should change the phrasing to “politely decline”, which Vassos conceded. Then, Chris made a cheeky dig at Wimbledon as Vassos attempted to clear up what he was saying. “So this is the second time of asking?” mocked Chris. “What doesn’t he get about ‘we don’t want to go’?” READ MORE... Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy [INSIGHT] Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids [UPDATE] Sir Ian McKellen mingles with royalty at Wimbledon Day Eight [NEWS]       “No, we want to go!” Vassos interrupted, laughing. “What doesn’t he get about, we’re too busy?” Chris pressed on. “We’re politely declining!” “Of course we want to go!” Vassos repeated hastily. Wimbledon has entered its ninth day today, as the competition continues to heat up.      Novak Djokovic, 35, will continue to defend his Wimbledon title on Centre Court. The tennis star is taking on 20-year-old Italian Jannik Sinner in the quarter-finals. Novak beat Tim van Rijthoven in a four-set win late on Sunday night, though the 25-year-old wildcard put up a good fight. The Serbian-born champion has won at Wimbledon a total of six times. The Chris Evans Breakfast Show with Sky airs on Virgin Radio at 6.30am.   