Novak Djokovic was booed as he came from a set down to beat British No 1 Cam Norrie 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 in Friday's semi-final. He appeared to blow kisses in the directior of a spectator who had given him grief, but after winning in two hours and 34 minutes he will now face Nick Kyrgios for the Wimbledon title - a man who knows all about facing the crowd. Djokovic defeated first-time Grand Slam semi-finalist Norrie in four sets on Friday, in what was the only men's singles semi-final after Rafael Nadal was forced to withdraw retired to hand Kyrgios a walkover into the final. And the Serb appeared to blow kisses in the direction of some spectators who had given him hassle during the match, as he was then booed by a portion of the Centre Court crowd. "Crowd not overly delighted with the reaction, but he won’t mind about that," Andrew Castle said, commentating on the match for the BBC. "Crowd not sure about this, interesting reaction." And John McEnroe added: "He didn’t need to do it, but don’t take away from what this man is doing." The crowd were quickly back on Djokovic's side in his on-court interview though, as he credited the ninth seed for being the better player in the early stages of the match. JUST IN: 'Please don't' Nick Kyrgios makes Federer, Nadal and Djokovic plea  "I was tight in the beginning," the defending champion admitted. Djokovic was broken three times by Norrie in the opening set, only managing to get one of the breaks back. And he said he got "lucky" to be gifted the break in the second set before turning the match around to win 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-4. He will now face another first-time semi-finalist and finalist on Sunday, in world No 40 Kyrgios. The Aussie himself is no stanger to receiving some boos from tennis crowds, and earned something of a mixed reaction when his name was mentioned during the Serb's on-court interview, as a series of cheers turned into some less-enthusiastic murmurs. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios' mum to miss Wimbledon final in heartbreaking absence'I made a mistake' John McEnroe blames Rafael Nadal at WimbledonRafael Nadal faces worst case scenario after Wimbledon injury   And Kyrgios revealed earlier on Friday that the world No 3 had shared his wish to meet the Aussie in the final, while they were chatting on Instagram DMs earlier in the week. "We actually message each other on DMs in Instagram now and stuff. It's real weird," the Aussie said of his "bromance" with Djokovic in a pre-final press conference. "Actually, like, earlier in the week, he was like, 'Hopefully I'll see you Sunday.'"