Tonight Dereck Chisora will be aiming to get his boxing career back to winning ways as he takes on Bulgarian heavyweight Kubrat Pulev at London's O2 Arena. The fight will be a rematch of 2016's encounter in Germany when Pulev beat Chisora on a split decision. It comes seven months after Chisora, who is on a three-bout losing streak, was beaten by New Zealander Joseph Parker. A win over Pulev would see Chisora back in the mix for a potential heavyweight title shot, but the star was adament his career would soon be coming to an end. According to Boxing Scene, the 38-year-old Briton said: "You don’t listen to people, that is one thing I have learnt in this game. "You don’t listen to no one, you do what makes you happy. Listening to people, running around saying people have told me to do this or do that, forget that. "Boxing is a tough game so you have to be even tougher. Your mindset has to be ‘I don’t give a f***’. That’s the only mindset that can keep you in this game. The minute you worry or focus on anything else you are in trouble. Thankfully, for me, I don’t give a f***." Chisora was no doubt in a fighting mood ahead of his bout, and in the aftermath of the UK's Brexit vote in 2016, the star was in an equally confrontational mood when he laced up the gloves of political heavyweight Nigel Farage. In 2019, when Farage's Brexit Party was readying itself for the European elections, Chisora discussed how he felt Brexit negotiators should be when discussing the UK's exit with their EU counterparts. He was speaking moments after knocking out Liverpudlian fighter David Price, in a bruising contest in October 2019. The footage shows Chisora hugging Farage, before asking the politician whether he'd ever been in the ring before. JUST IN: Ex-boxer Alex Springer on search for next generation via charity work Farage replied: "I've been to boxing matches before but not for years, it was quite something in there. You were in there from the boom, boom, boom - you weren't hanging about in there." Chisora said: "Mate I wasn't hanging about, I didn't want to waste no time. "They're saying they're wasting time on Brexit, but like that I just want to get it done." The boxer then mimicked his boxing stance, before unleashing a couple of jabs and welcoming Mr Farage into his dressing room as part of his entourage. DON'T MISS:Anthony Joshua backed to 'blast out' Tyson Fury by Dereck Chisora [ANALYSIS]Eddie Hearn tables Dereck Chisora to Deontay Wilder for comeback fight [INSIGHT]Dereck Chisora responds to retirement pleas after heavy punishment [LATEST] In a similar exchange, Farage also questioned Mr Chisora on his reasoning for backing Brexit in an interview before his fight in October last year. He said: "Now we met originally through a mutual friend who said to me this Chisora bloke, he's pretty eurosceptic. "So we met and we talked and you are a pretty committed believer in us leaving the European Union. What's the main thrust of that for you?" Chisora responded: "I think you know, the people voted and when people vote it should be done. The public voted and you know the only people who are making it so difficult is the Londoners. "But when I travelled to the outskirts, like you know Manchester or Birmingham, places like that, the same things need to be changed. "I just think I voted to Leave, and I think the whole country voted to leave, but we're still holding on to the same thing, three-and-a-half years have gone which I don't think is fair. "Now people will not believe in voting, because if you vote what are we voting for?" More recently, Chisora went head-to-head with Pulev at Thursday's press conference in the build-up to tonight's fight. He added: "There are no rivals, there is no hating another fighter. This is the fighting game. We are two bulls in the stable trying to prove who is the bigger man. And after, when our balls get cut off, we become mates. "That’s how I see it. I’m friends with all the fighters. It doesn’t matter if you knock me out, if I see you, I am going to give you a hug."