The dysfunctional Hargreeves family returned to screens last month for the hotly-anticipated third season of The Umbrella Academy. During their first encounter with a strange alternate team known as The Sparrow Academy in the new timeline, some Netflix viewers may have spotted Ben/Number Six (played by Justin H Min) looking rather different. Creator Steve Blackman confirmed it was his idea to give Ben a makeover for The Umbrella Academy’s third season. When the Hargreeves family arrived back in the present day at the end of season two, they soon discovered their mansion was occupied by a group of strangers known as the Sparrows. Among them is their brother Ben, who in the previous timeline has died some years earlier and only appears to Klaus (Robert Sheehan) as a ghost. However, his survival wasn’t the only difference between the two Bens in the quirky supernatural drama’s third season. READ MORE: Stranger Things' Joseph Quinn pays tribute to 'extraordinary' co-star Steve revealed he made a judgement call to change Ben’s hairstyle after admitting he “couldn’t stand” his hairpiece at the end of season two. “We shot that [original] scene on the very last day of season two, and I did not want them to do that to his hair,” he explained. “It’s supposed to be continuous [into Season 3], but… I wanted to change it. So did Justin, so we did a little flip of that.” The Umbrella Academy creator maintained Ben’s change of hairdo was well worth the continuity error between the season two closer and the season three premiere. Throughout the season, Ben now keeps his hair gelled up in stark comparison to the rather lifeless fringe he sported in the previous season. Series regular Justin also agreed with Steve’s decision to ignore the continuity on this occasion. He joked to TVLine: “You know, they talk about the happiest day in your life. “The bangs had a great run, but they had to go. They kept falling out.” DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Doc star on Netflix’s filming ‘concerns’ [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on Rip and Lloyd fight [INTERVIEW]Queer as Folk boss on rebooting Buffy the Vampire Slayer [EXCLUSIVE] “It was going to be a nightmare to film with that, so the hair went up, and we called it a day.” Justin explained he had shaved his head much shorter over lockdown, so attaching Ben’s hair extensions to a buzzcut would have proved even more challenging. “It would have been really, really tough,” he added. “Thank you, Steve Blackman, for making that executive decision.” Fans’ joy to see Ben alive and well clearly overshadowed the glaring continuity error, as the change has seemingly gone over the heads of most Netflix viewers. The revived Hargreeves sibling is set to continue playing a major role in the action if, that is, the series returns for season four. Having reset the universe via the Kugelblitz, a post-credits scene revealed Ben riding the same subway train in Seoul on which he was born. Meanwhile, the rest of the family will have to figure out a way to return their powers, find Sloane (Genesis Rodriguez) and defeat their father Reginald (Colm Feore) once and for all. The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.