Challock and Molash areas of Ashford, Kent, was one of the first places to fall victim to water chaos over the weekend, when scores of people were left relying on a bottled water bank. South East Water said on Sunday: “We're sorry to our customers in Challock & Molash who are still without water supplies this morning. We're working to refill the network and hope to have your water back this morning.” But 24 hours later and some residents are still experiencing shortages due to demand, with bottled water being issued for a second day to those who need it.  Northumbrian Water has also said this morning that there are water supply issues in the Morton area. A burst water main has also left scores of people without running taps in King’s Lynn in Norfolk. Supply company Anglian Water is reportedly working on a solution which involves avoiding the leak area in a bid to get water back to people as quickly as possible. The issues have not bypassed coastal areas either, with Broadstairs in Kent also falling victim to weak water pressure at the weekend.   Despite this issue being resolved, people were told that discoloured water was to be expected. Health advice passed down by the central government urges people to keep hydrated in a bid to avoid serious illness. Concerns are rife over the possibility of ambulance services being stretched even more due to extreme heat-related illness, something that is touched upon in the Met Office’s red warning - in place for the next 48 hours. But the national message shared by nearly every water company is to conserve water where possible, using it for only essential purposes.  READ MORE: Staggering amount electric fans are costing you in heatwave South East Water said the problems were caused by customers turning on their taps at the same time - adding to demand and causing pressures to drop. This, it says, stops water from flowing as quickly as people would expect. Severn Trent Water also said it takes 12 hours to get water from reservoirs to taps. Lee Dance, head of water resources at South East Water said: “We have been producing an extra 120 million litres of drinking water every day - the equivalent of 20 million flushes of the toilet – for our 2.3 million customers to use but if everyone uses a lot of water at once, demand can outweigh the amount of water we are able to treat. DON'T MISS: Kids told to wear PE kits to school amid heatwave [LIVE]How much it costs to run an air conditioning unit [INSIGHT]Exactly when rain will bring a summer wash out [FORECAST]  “So we would like to ask everyone to think about how they are using their tap water while they are making the most of this lovely weather. “If we’re all able to make some small changes, it will make a big difference.” Mr Dance said one small change could be to fill up a jug of water, pop it in the fridge and wait for it to cool down instead of running a tap until it turns ice cold. He also said filling a large paddling pool could use in excess of 400 litres of water. 