Romeo Beckham has taken to Instagram to urge his fashion designer mum Victoria Beckham to change an innuendo-laden caption she shared on the social media platform earlier. The football star who plays for Inter Miami II, 19, laughed it off after Victoria celebrated that she's finally seen David's "worm" after 25 years of being together. Sharing a clip in view of her 30.2 million followers, the fashion guru captured her sporting beau in their back garden this evening. The former England footballer was wearing a pair of patterned bottoms and a black t-shirt as he prepared to showcase his "worm". All smiles, David asked Victoria, "Is it too early?" as music could be heard in the background. "Wait, wait, wait, wait", Victoria ordered her spouse. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news As the music started, David started warming up before getting on the floor and doing the worm after his wife ordered him to "go!" The star impressively did the worm across his lawn before breaking dancing. Captioning the video, Victoria wrote: "After 25 years @davidbeckham showed me his worm x." However, Romeo quickly urged his mum to change the tongue-in-cheek caption. He wrote: "Hahahahaahaha mum u gotta change that caption," (sic) alongside a laughing face. Over 8,000 fans of the golden couple like Romeo's comment, with many more leaving their thoughts in the comments. Instagram user Bizzyb73 wrote: "He still has the moves!." While Sirnathandouglas quipped: "Strictly next year. Or Dancing on Ice will have him." DON'T MISS... Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [INSIGHT]Dan Walker mortified by 'awkward' message he sent to wife Sarah [ANALYSIS]Amanda Holden, 51, showcases fabulous figure in skimpy bikini [UPDATE] Chloexanais chipped in: "Is there anything he can’t do?" It comes after David left an alluring message for Victoria during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Sharing his progress as he baked a Victoria sponge cake, the former footballer then posed for a selfie with his finished masterpiece. David smirked as he posed topless while holding the cake platform. He captioned the picture: "Platinum Jubilee Victoria sponge. Yes, it was made by me!! "Fancy a piece @victoriabeckham." Resharing the post on her own Instagram in view of her followers with a loved up emoji.