When a hapless holidaymaker spent £1,000 to rent the cottage, she was met with a vile odour upon entry. The despairing mum asked Mumsnet users for advice following hours of cleaning and spraying air freshener in a bid to remove the horrible smell from the property.  Most users online were quick to offer support for the unfortunate tourist, Edinburgh Live reports. In fact, many urged her to ask for a refund. Calling it a "nightmare holiday cottage", the woman posted: "Please can someone tell me what you would do in this situation? We arrived at our (much anticipated) holiday cottage yesterday to find that it absolutely stinks. I have Febreezed every surface so many times and it still stinks. It's worse downstairs but still absolutely awful upstairs, so bad that I struggled to get to sleep last night. We have been out all day today and just got back and honestly I want to cry. More than £1000 we've paid for the week!"I spoke to the woman in the local shop (when I was buying the Febreeze!) and she told us some of the local lads had been putting fish through the letterboxes of any known holiday lets. There was nothing to suggest that's what it was but the smell is very fishy/putrid. The village doesn't feel very welcoming to visitors - she also said last year someone had the wing mirrors broken off their car outside overnight! "The company have been no help whatsoever- the woman laughed down the phone and told us the fish were an urban legend. There's no way to take a photo of the smell to try to claim a reduction. I don't even know if I can last the week. Currently sat in the garden having a glass of wine but I'm dreading having to go inside. "If anyone has any suggestions bar more Febreeze please please let me know. I'm trying to be lighthearted about it but I'm devastated. We drove for 6 hours to get here, I'm so exhausted with it."  Hundreds of people flooded to the comments, many with advice on how to get rid of the smell with cleaning hacks. While others urged her to not give in, and get someone from the agency to look at the property. One quickly replied: "That is definitely a breach of contract. Be very firm with the letting agent and tell them they have to come to the cottage tomorrow." Another agreed: "I'd get back on the phone to the company first thing in the morning, this is clearly not an acceptable situation." "Did you pay by credit card, can you tell them you will open a dispute? Tricky as you can't take a photo can you?" a third added. One advised: "Also, keep the receipt of all the air fresheners or whatever you buy to get rid of the smell and send a copy to the agents for reimbursement. You shouldn't have to bring the property to an acceptable standard. It's their job."  But one hit back: "Maybe look for ethical/responsible tourism in the future?" And another added: "I certainly wouldn’t have febreezed it or bought candles to mask the smell. It’s not your issue to resolve. I can’t believe people are saying to leave windows open, use vinegar etc. "I would have insisted someone came out immediately to inspect the property and if they didn’t, found a hotel and stayed there until someone did." 