easyJet and Ryanair staff in Spain are both taking part in strike action on July 15. Cabin crew from each of the budget airlines are protesting over pay and working conditions. Passengers could see delays or cancellations at Ryanair base airports in Spain which are Madrid, Barcelona, Girona, Malaga, Seville, Valencia, Alicante, Santiago de Compostela, Palma de Mallorca and Ibiza. According to data from USO, the union running the strike, more than 200 Ryanair flights were delayed on Wednesday. Around 11 flights were cancelled, although these were primarily domestic flights operating from Barcelona. Ryanair claimed that only one percent of its scheduled flights were affected by the strikes. READ MORE: UK region with the best fish and chips - full list easyJet cabin crew will strike on July 15 in industrial action that is set to continue over the weekend. easyJet has three bases in Spain which are Malaga, Barcelona and Palma de Mallorca. The budget airline said: “Should the industrial action go ahead, there could be some disruption to our flying programme to and from Malaga, Palma and Barcelona during the strike period but at this stage, easyJet plans to operate its full schedule and we would like to reassure customers that we will do everything possible to minimise any disruption.” The USO union has criticised the airline for offering Spanish workers a lower salary than other workers in Europe. READ MORE: Safest country in the world is 'amazing' and peaceful It claimed: “The conclusion is very clear, at easyJet there is money for everything, except for Spain.” The strikes come as tourist officials in Spain’s Costa del Sol panic over a warning from the UK Government. A travel warning was issued by the Foreign Office for British tourists over the strikes which said: “Planned strike action in July may cause some disruption to easyJet and Ryanair flights to and from Spain.” The tourism sector in the Costa del Sol has said that this type of warning is not common when it comes to industrial action. Guy Hobbs, editor of Which? Travel said: "Strikes by airline staff are within the airline's control, so if your flight is significantly delayed or cancelled because of this then you'll likely be entitled to compensation. "easyJet must communicate these rights so that individuals and families are not made to suffer financially as a result of these walkouts in the UK's favourite holiday destination. "The airline should also offer to reroute affected passengers using other carriers if neccessary. Last week we reported easyJet to the Civil Aviation Authority for failing to rebook customers at the earliest opportunity of inform them of their right to compensation. "The regulator must intervene if easyJet fails to meet its legal obligations to passengers this summer."        