Rishi Sunak continues to lead among Conservative colleagues in the Commons after he received 101 votes in the second ballot of the 2022 Tory leadership election. However, Mr Sunak appears to be trailing his main challengers among Brexit-backing MPs and Eurosceptic Tory Party members, including when up against Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Despite the UK officially leaving the European Union in January 2020, Brexit has returned as a significant issue in the ongoing leadership race, with all candidates claiming they have what it takes to make the most of taking back control. Supporters of Sunak have been quick to highlight that the Richmond MP voted to leave the European Union in 2016 and have argued that the ex-Chancellor will reap the benefits of Brexit if he wins the race to succeed Boris Johnson in Downing Street. Redcar MP Jacob Young, who announced he would support Mr Sunak last Friday, told Express.co.uk: “Rishi has backed Brexit from the outset and, having served as Chancellor throughout the Brexit process, only Rishi truly understands the economic reality of the situation.” Mr Young added: “He fundamentally grasps the benefits of being an independent, free nation and everything he has done in Government reflects that.” The Red Wall MP also claimed Mr Sunak “fought tooth and nail to get Brexit over the line” and highlighted how the ex-Chancellor has played a major role in trying to make the UK’s exit from the EU a success, including by bringing a freeport to Teesside. Health Minister Gillian Keegan, who voted to remain back in 2016, also welcomed Mr Sunak’s Brexiteer instincts. The Chichester MP told Express.co.uk: “Rishi campaigned to leave in 2016 largely because he believed in the huge opportunities offered by Brexit. “As Chancellor, he drove forward the deregulation agenda, which paved the way for freeports. JUST IN: 'Brexit is safe!' Mordaunt and Sunak allies stress Leave credentials in leadership race “As Prime Minister, Rishi will continue to be imaginative and change the way we do things at home - the time has come to grab these opportunities and make the big changes that Brexit allows to create a more vibrant and dynamic economy and society.” Theresa Villiers, who was one of the so-called ‘Gang of Six’ when she campaigned with Vote Leave while serving as David Cameron’s Northern Ireland Secretary, also stressed Mr Sunak’s Eurosceptic credentials. Speaking to Sky News, the Chipping Barnet MP said: “Rishi decided, on principle, that he thought we should take back control of our own destiny, which we did, and I can feel confident that Brexit is safe in his hands.” However, Mr Sunak’s detractors point out how the Richmond MP played a smaller role in the referendum than many other leadership candidates. But Mr Sunak did symbolically snub an invitation to meet then-Prime Minister David Cameron ahead of polling day in order to back Brexit. Before resigning as Chancellor, Mr Sunak was reportedly preparing to announce details of his Financial Services and Markets Bill at an event at Mansion House. The measures are aimed at boosting the UK’s competitiveness post-Brexit by ditching Brussels’ rules on financial services. Sunak's allies also suggest that the ex-Chancellor will continue with the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol Bill and safeguard the rights of the people of Ulster under the Good Friday Agreement. However, big pro-Brexit beasts have shunned Sunak and instead rallied around Ms Truss after European Research Group chairman Mark Francois wrote to colleagues to back the Foreign Secretary and former leadership contender Suella Braverman endorsed her bid yesterday. Despite Ms Truss campaigning for the UK to stay in the Brussels bloc in 2016, Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg claimed the South West Norfolk MP is a “proper Eurosceptic”. Ex-UKIP and Tory MEP David Campbell-Bannerman, who also backed Ms Truss, even warned Mr Sunak could be a “plastic Brexiteer”. He told Express.co.uk: “Liz Truss was a reluctant Remainer - I saw she was uncomfortable doing it when I debated her in the official BBC East of England referendum debate - her heart wasn’t in it. “No wonder she has been such an enthusiastic Brexiteer for six years, delivering many trade deals and driving the robust Protocol Bill along to complete Brexit.” Ms Truss, who finished in third place in the second ballot of the ongoing leadership contest with the backing of 64 Conservative colleagues, has also confessed she would now vote for Brexit. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] She said: “If I could go back to 2016, I would vote to leave. “What I’ve seen in both my job in trade and my role as Foreign Secretary is the new freedom and impetus that having an independent trade policy and independent foreign policy has enabled us to do.” However, leading Brexiteers have not just taken aim at Mr Sunak over his Eurosceptic credentials. Former Brexit Minister Lord David Frost, who resigned from Mr Johnson’s Cabinet last December, fired a broadside shot at ex-Defence Secretary Penny Mordaunt. Mordaunt, a Vote Leave campaigner who finished just behind Mr Sunak with 83 supporters in the second ballot, worked alongside Lord Frost as the pair negotiated with EU counterpart Maros Sefcovic. However, when asked whether Brexit would be safe in Ms Mordaunt’s hands, Lord Frost told TalkTV: “I would worry, on the basis of what I have seen, we wouldn’t necessarily get that from Penny.” Mordaunt's allies have stressed that the Trade Minister is a “conviction Brexiteer” and voiced regret at some of the mud-slinging seen in the race to replace Mr Johnson as Prime Minister and Tory leader. Candidates and campaigners had already complained about the tone of the debate after a 424-word anti-Sunak dossier which described the ex-Chancellor as a “schoolboy” and a “liar” circulated around Westminster. Scottish Conservative MP John Lamont, who quit as a parliamentary private secretary to the Foreign Office ahead of Mr Johnson’s confidence vote last month, also suggested that Ms Mordaunt has even stronger Brexit credentials than many of her challengers. He told Express.co.uk: “Of all the frontrunners, she is the only one who voted for Brexit and campaigned passionately for it from the get-go. “Penny has the positive vision and the ambitious plans to drive post-Brexit Britain forward. “She uniquely understands the opportunities that leaving the European Union has delivered for all of our United Kingdom. “As Prime Minister, Penny would take advantage of the economic freedom we now have and capitalise by backing businesses to boost growth.”  St Ives MP Derek Thomas also said: “Penny is a conviction Brexiteer - she has always seen the potential that this country has outside the European Union, so she is ready to grab these opportunities.” Despite not mentioning Lord Frost by name, Mr Thomas added: “As far as these attacks against Penny, these are unfortunate but not unexpected as all of the other candidates recognise the support Penny enjoys across the party’s membership and the country.” Ms Mordaunt has opened up a lead in the opinion polls against many of her opponents, including Mr Sunak. According to YouGov, the Trade Minister would currently defeat the ex-Chancellor by a 39-point margin. However, a separate survey by JL Partners found that Mr Sunak was the only candidate with a lead over Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. Ms Mordaunt and Mr Sunak will join Ms Truss, ex-Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch and Tonbridge & Malling MP Tom Tugendhat tonight on Channel 4 for a televised leadership debate at 7pm.