This came after royal author Tom Bower claimed that Meghan said she "couldn't understand why she wasn't more important" in the Royal Family. Responding to the reports, royal commentator Nile Gardiner hit out at the Duchess of Sussex on Twitter, writing: "The arrogance and hubris on display from Meghan Markle is simply staggering. Meghan Markle left UK for Hollywood because she 'couldn't understand why she wasn't more important'". Speaking to GB News, Mr Bower had said: "Meghan is a person who controls the narrative, that has been part of the problem. "When she came to London to become part of the Royal Family, she couldn’t understand why she wasn’t more important and wasn’t more in control of everything. "And that’s why she has fractious relationships with so many people." He added: "We know the background and the motivation of a woman who clearly married into the Royal Family because she loved Harry, there’s no doubt about that. "But also because she loves the status. "And very quickly she discovered she wasn’t going to get the status of number one which is what she wanted. "There is only one number one in the Royal Family, and the rest of the family is there to support the Queen. "Meghan didn’t understand why she wasn’t in the spotlight and very quickly she decided she’d be better off in Hollywood." In a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan revealed she had been suffering from mental health issues while living in the UK. Meghan and Harry left Britain in January 2020. They officially stepped back from royal duties in March 2020. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'skipped Balmoral trip' with royals to take Archie on holiday [REVEAL] Fans gush over Queen and George's 'special' bond in pictures [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry slammed for alleged fears over Lili’s royal rank [INSIGHT] They have since lived in California, only returning to the UK as a couple twice since their departure. Last month, the couple returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to Express.co.uk ahead of the Jubilee, Mr Gardiner accused Meghan and Harry of "using their royal status to advance their own personal agenda". Mr Gardiner said: "I think it's very clear that Meghan and Harry have been using their royal status to advance their own personal agenda and that's especially the case with Meghan Markle. "If you look at their vast Netflix deals, there's a huge amount of money involved and Meghan Markle especially has used her royal status as a sort of publicity machine to advance her own personal interests." He added: "Meghan just relentlessly thinks about herself, while at the same time launching attack upon attack against the Royal Family."