A Place in the Sun host Laura Hamilton was hoping to find Welsh couple Susan and Ainsley their dream holiday home in Spain's Costa del Sol on the Channel 4 show. With a maximum budget of £200,000, Laura set up five property viewings she thought would win them over. The search proved difficult for Laura who was left deflated when the pair said they had lost trust in her after some unsuccessful viewings. Susan and Ainsley wanted a holiday home with up to three bedrooms which included a communal swimming pool and sea views. They were hoping to find a property for about £175,00, but they revealed they could stretch their budget to £200,000 if a place ticked all the right boxes for them. The first home they were shown around was a two-bedroom apartment which was on the market for £152,500. During the tour of the home, Susan admitted: "I like how the kitchen is open plan but it's a bit small I think." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Ainsley echoed her views, adding: "The kitchen was too small and it is a little bit narrow." They passed on the first property as they were hoping for a more modern home and they moved on to the second listing which was a two-bedroom townhouse. "I have a great feeling, it's not what I was expecting when we were thinking about moving abroad but it does tick a lot of boxes", Susan exclaimed. While they approved of the second home, it was not a scratch on the third property which was a two-bedroom apartment on the market for £181,000 with underground parking and two communal pools.  Susan broke down in tears when she was inside the third home as she thought it was ideal. She tearfully admitted: “This is kind of exactly what we were looking for.” The home was a firm contender, but Laura thought she would be able to dazzle the couple with her final two properties. When they asked Laura if she could "better this" home, she replied: "I have something in mind which might just tick that box you mentioned was missing with this place - do you trust me?" DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer refuses to view Laura's 'wrong choice' [LATEST]Laura Hamilton wows fans in ‘stunning’ yellow dress at Silverstone [PICTURES]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton shut down during 'tricky' search [MUST SEE] However, Laura was left offended when Susan jibed: "Yes, well [I do] now." Laura clapped back: "Now, what do you mean now? What about before? You did [trust me] before right?" However, when the couple came out of the fourth property looking disappointed, Laura said: "Oh no you don't trust me anymore?" "It needed a lot of work," Ainsley said. "It was such a treacherous staircase, I didn't feel comfortable."  "I need to win your trust back," Laura added before she showed them the fifth property of the couple's search. The final property was a three-bedroom apartment which was on the market for £206,000. "I'm not getting that wow, wow, wow which we got from the third property I showed you," Laura added. The couple had their hearts set on the third property and as the programme came to an end, they put in an offer of £175,000 and it was swiftly accepted. "You've helped make our dreams come true," Ainsely said as they raised a toast. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4. 