On Thursday, Meghan Rapinoe will become the first footballer ever to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honour an American civilian can receive. Adding this to her list of accomplishments and her enormous net worth, Express.co.uk looks back at her incredible career so far.   California-born Rapinoe is well-known for her prowess on the pitch and equally powerful activism outside the stadiums. At the beginning of her professional career, Rapinoe was traded from Philadelphia Independence to MagicJack for $100,000 (£83,000) four times the average salary for female players in the league. Her long list of achievements would continuously increase her paycheque as time went on and by 2019 she was in the women’s World Cup winning team. The team earned a collective $4million (£3.3million), with members earning a $90,000 (£74,000) bonus for reaching the quarterfinals. Rapinoe’s soccer stardom has earned her an estimated total net worth of $4.2million (£3.5million) according to Forbes, placing her just outside their list of top 10 highest-paid female athletes. Now aged 37, she will be the first footballer to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo being pushed towards Manchester United exit door by two players  She has been championing LGBTQ+ rights, racial equality and equal pay, hoping to change football’s landscape for the better. She is set to receive the medal from President Joe Biden at the White House later this week. The Medal of Freedom recognises individuals who have made incredible contributions to societal endeavours like world peace. She reportedly received a personal call from President Biden to inform her of the news. Rapinoe has since commented: “I am humbled and truly honoured to be chosen for this award by President Biden and feel as inspired and motivated as ever to continue this long history of fighting for the freedoms of all people. To quote Emma Lazarus: ‘Until we are all free, we are none of us free.’” Rapinoe is one of seven children and her interest in soccer started with her older brother Brian, mesmerised by watching him play when she was just three.  However, Brian, like many in the area they grew up in, would soon find himself enthralled in the world of drugs. Rapinoe and her twin sister Rachael used soccer as a means of escapism to get away from the drug abuse. She quickly went from school teams to regional, to entering university on a full scholarship to play for the Portland Pilots alongside Rachael. In 2006 she found herself as one of the country’s leading scorers, but her season took an unfortunate twist and ACL injuries would plague her for the next two years, receiving a medical hardship waiver for her troubles. With her medical hardship waiver, she could have stayed for one more season of college play, but decided to enter the Women’s Professional Soccer Draft instead. At that time she had an 88-point career, with 30 goals and 28 assists, despite only playing 60 games.    /sport/football/1635460/Cristiano-Ronaldo-Real-Madrid-Barcelona-Man-Utd-transfer-news-Premier-League-latest-gossip  Soon Rapinoe found herself being traded from Philadelphia Independence to MagicJack for four times the average salary for female players in the league. Rapinoe had become a true sports star, with just her presence now attracting fans to stadiums whenever she would play. She joined the Seattle Sounders Women in the summer of 2012, and the team sold out all but one of their home matches, four times more than the average attendance for the next closest team. Later that same year she would become the first and only player, regardless of gender, to score an Olimpico at the Olympic Games in London 2012. Her achievements would continue to rack up and she then signed with French Olympique Lyonnais for a reported $14,000 (£11,000) a month and made her Champions League debut shortly after in 2013.  In 2019 Rapinoe appeared in her third World Cup, and helped get the US to the quarterfinals where she would be named Player of the Match. In the final match of the World Cup, at 34 years old, she became the oldest woman to score in a World Cup final. Outside of the pitch, Rapinoe has been breaking records and boundaries, becoming one half of the first same-sex couple on the cover of ESPN’s The Body Issue in 2018 with her partner Sue Bird. In the 2015 World Cup, she stood in solemn silence during the national anthem and has been involved with the women’s team’s equal pay complaint since 2016. She found herself again in the media headlines when she kneeled during the national anthem at an international match in 2016, showing solidarity with NFL player Colin Kaepernick.