Biographer Tom Bower claimed "every small success" by Meghan was "accompanied by disappointment on the bigger stage". Mr Bower said the then actress secured a two-year contract with Canada’s largest women’s clothing retailer Reitmans to start in June 2015. But in an extract of his new book in The Times, Mr Bower claimed Meghan "longed to be the face" of designer brand Ralph Lauren. Writing in Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, the biographer said: "No serious Hollywood star, Meghan must have thought, would associate herself with Reitmans, a brand whose clothes cost under C$100 (£60). "She longed to be the face of Ralph Lauren, not Reitmans. "At least no one outside Canada would see the campaign. "Hard graft had secured an advance in Meghan’s career, nonetheless. "The downside was that every small success was accompanied by disappointment on the bigger stage. Hollywood repeatedly rejected her." Mr Bower claimed that during a visit to London Meghan attended a small meeting addressed by her "hero and role model" the actress Emma Watson. He said: "At the end, she asked to meet Watson. The actress rejected the request. The snub was mortifying." READ MORE: Self-serving Hollywood elite! Meghan fails over 'selfless service' Meghan met Harry in July 2016 when she was an actress in US legal drama Suits. She was best known for her role as paralegal Rachel in the show from 2011 to 2018. Meghan, who also ran lifestyle blog The Tig, quit the show and shut down her website amid her engagement and marriage to Harry. DON'T MISSRoyal Family: Harry ‘ignored warnings Meghan spelled trouble'Meghan Markle suffered 'mortifying' snub from A-listerMeghan left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with 'demands' It comes as a source previously told The Sun that the Duchess of Sussex would be "dreading" Mr Bower's book. The insider said: "This is the book Meghan will be dreading. "Tom doesn't pull his punches and is terrifyingly thorough in his research. No stone will be left unturned." Mr Bower also previously claimed Meghan had "skeletons in the closet". He told Closer magazine: "From what I can see, she became a completely different person when her career began taking off, when she joined Suits and when she began dating Harry." The Sussexes are now living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Meghan for comment. 