As temperatures across the UK soar to hit record-breaking highs, most people are trying to find ways to keep cool. One way of doing this is by enjoying a splash about with a garden hose, sprinkler, or even a pool - if you are lucky enough to own one. However, according to the Mirror, one woman took to Mumsnet over the weekend to vent her frustrations about her neighbours doing just that. In a post, she wrote: "We live in a terrace so very close proximity to each other. The neighbour next door has a big pool crammed into the backyard. She’s been practically living in the garden all week. She has one toddler, a boy, who seems to be quite naughty. "All I hear all day through my open windows is happy screaming, angry screaming, crying, lots of splashing, 'wooooo', 'one two three go!' 'High five!'. "Must have heard the child’s name about 100 times today. They finally went inside at about 7pm, but not before I heard her say they’ll come back out tomorrow. I’m cursing that pool. Before she got it they never went in the garden. They’ve lived next door for two years and I never heard a peep from them. I don’t think the pool is even safe. It’s quite deep and she’s set up a slide going onto it. And then there’s the environmental impact of filling it up every day." But the post sparked fury as people thought the woman was being unfair for resenting her neighbours.   One said: "Given how hot it has been and will be again you are being unreasonable to resent them being in the pool all day. Unless you're jealous." "You could ASK them to keep the shouting down, but if they want a pool it's their right to have one", one suggested.  Another said: "You haven't heard a peep out of them in two years so I'd just grin and bear it. You sound irritated that they're finally using their garden! Living in a terraced house means accepting that sometimes there'll be noise. Hope the 'naughty' boy has a delightful day in the pool tomorrow." "Oh bore off. A toddler having fun in his own pool in his own garden. It’ll be raining again before we know it", one fumed. Another joked: "If my neighbour had a huge pool in their garden - right now I'd be making good friends with them!"  