Charity (played by Emma Atkins) was behind the bar of the Woolpack in Tuesday's instalment of Emmerdale, in scenes which featured Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) slowly making progress in his relationship with his mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter). Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) was skeptical of the pair, knowing her mother who is dying would see any minimal effort her brother was making as a good thing. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, it might be Charity that Faith wants to spend time with as she thinks it's time she learns the truth about her mother Kathleen's death. The mother of four was shocked to see Cain talking to his mother after some serious convincing by herself, Chas and Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell). As she watched the conversation between the mother and son, she could see how much Faith wanted to be loved by the village bad boy. It pained Charity to see Cain not making the most of the time he has with his mother, something she never got to do with her own. When his wife, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) came into the pub, Charity gave her an update on the progress Cain was making, slating it as "painful." "That bad?" the farmer replied, with Charity telling her: "I mean, he's trying, bless him, but he needs to try harder." READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? "She talks, he nods, we go around in a little loop," the mother of four remarked, with Moira replying: "Well, at least he's making something resembling an effort." However, Charity told her it wasn't good enough as she explained: "I know, but he can't let whatever happened in the past mess up the future he has with her, can he? "He needs to be careful, time is running out," she said and later in the episode, it was revealed Faith had some news from the doctors. She received a phone call from the hospital telling her to come in to discuss her results, with Chas and Charity trying to remain optimistic. From this week's spoilers, it's already been revealed the matriarch of the family will be told the treatment to subside the cancer is not working. Faith will also tell her family she doesn't want any more chemotherapy, meaning the end will be nigh for her in the next few weeks. As she tries to bury the hatchet with Cain and make the most of spending time with her family, she could sit down privately with Charity. Knowing the impact losing their mother will have on her children, she could tell the Woolpack owner about her own mother. It was explained when Charity met her father, Obadiah Dingle (Paul Copley), after years apart her mother died when she was a little girl. The iconic character was left heartbroken by this news and she hasn't spoken to her father since but Faith could know what really happened. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] It could have been Obadiah was abusive towards his wife and she couldn't stand being within any more, despite the couple having a child together. Knowing Faith was in a similar situation with Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine), the pair could have made a plan to leave their husbands together. However, unlike Faith who went back to reunite with her children years later, Kathleen could have decided to keep her distance. She could have moved abroad and started a new life with a new man and they could have started a new family together. Although she made Faith promise not to tell Charity, the matriarch of the family could decide Charity needs to spend time with her mother before she really dies. Charity could be left shocked over the realisation her mother is still alive and as Cain and Chas spend time with Faith, she could go searching for Kathleen. Will she be able to track down her mother in time so Kathleen can be reunited with Faith before she dies? In fact, the actress who plays Faith, Sally, has previously teased Charity's mother could still be alive somewhere in the world. The soap star explained to the Daily Star: "That would be a smashing story to tell. That could really introduce some interesting elements, couldn't it? "There are some fabulous actresses out there who could do it. I daren't mention any names in case anyone calls and says, 'Why didn't you mention me?'" Fans are also convinced Kathleen is still alive, with Myley posting: "All this talk about charity’s mum hint hint #Emmerdale." Tam added on Twitter: "Charity's mum alive, who could play her, dream casting? #Emmerdale @emmerdale." Courtney wrote on the social media platform: "Countdown until Charity's mum is revealed to not actually be dead starting....now! #emmerdale." MissM also shared: "All this talk of mothers dying has me asking the question; is Charity's mum really dead? #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.