"I think the weather has got to her there, never mind. "We are in a difficult situation, on the fifth of September, we'll know who the leader of the party is going to be the new Prime Minister. "A month after that, we've got the Conservative Party conference to be held in Birmingham. "That's the point where the party will come together at the Conservative Party Conference, we'll have a new cabinet all new ideas will come out and the party will go in a new direction." He added: "Whether they can take the country with them that is another matter." Mr Hunt has billed himself as the most "experienced" hand in the leadership contest and announced that Ms McVey would be deputy prime minister if he were to win. He told the BBC's Sunday Morning programme that there were "a lot of very angry voters" who had abandoned the party in recent months, adding: "They are not going to come back to us automatically and choosing me will be a very strong signal that the Conservative Party has listened to their anger." Conservative leadership candidates have come out swinging with pledges to slash taxes and plough on with controversial Brexit plans as a new contender joined the fray. International trade minister Penny Mordaunt announced on Sunday morning that she will run for the top job, saying the UK's leadership "needs to become a little less about the leader and a lot more about the ship". It means nine Tories have now put themselves forward to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister, just days after a collapse in party support forced his resignation. Mr Hunt and Sajid Javid have both pledged to slash corporation tax as they announced separate leadership bids. DON'T MISS:Wanted! A Brexiteer outside Cabinet to replace Boris [EXPLAINER]EU's Brexit revenge to hurt UK for another decade as MPs fear worst [REVEAL]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis [REPORT] The contenders' timescales for the change are different, with Mr Hunt planning to cut the tax to 15p in his first autumn Budget, while Mr Javid would set a "glide path". Mr Javid also said the UK should consider ripping up old EU laws "to make us a more pro-business, wealth-creating, entrepreneurial economy". Meanwhile, outsider candidate Tom Tugendhat pledged to back the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill if elected leader. The EU claims the legislation would breach international law but Mr Tugendhat said he would be prepared to argue for it, telling Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday programme: "I have fought for my country in combat, I have fought for my country in Parliament, and I will keep fighting for my country." Mr Hunt also said he would press on with the Government's controversial plans to overwrite parts of the post-Brexit treaty.