 On July 6, a new package of safety measures, known as the General Safety Regulation (GSR), was introduced in the European Union. The package of 15 integrated measures includes better direct vision in HGVs, automated emergency braking that detects pedestrians and cyclists, and intelligent speed adaptation in cars.  A Department for Transport spokesperson told Express.co.uk that the measures would not yet be introduced. They said: “The package of European measures known as the General Safety Regulation will not come into effect from July in Great Britain. “No decision has yet been taken on which elements of the package will be implemented in Great Britain.” A previous statement from the DfT said: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms and make decisions that are right for Great Britain and benefit road safety.” READ MORE: Urgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners  The DfT was involved in developing the safety requirements, including intelligent speed assistance technology. Because they applied from July 2022, it was up to the Government to decide whether to mandate the same systems in Great Britain. Road safety expert David Ward has slammed the Government for “watering down” their introduction in the UK. The executive president of the Towards Zero Foundation said vehicle regulations save lives. DON'T MISS'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' [WARNING]Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars [INSIGHT]Heatwave chaos as 1,500 parking fines handed out at popular UK beach [SHOCKING]  Writing in a blog post, he said: “Whether you voted for Brexit or not, did you expect our vehicle safety standards to decline? “Surely not because we were promised during the Brexit referendum campaign that leaving the EU will not weaken UK standards of consumer protection. “But this is exactly what is happening now. “Divergence driven by Brexit ideology is not just bad for road safety but also damaging to industry and innovation.  “And that is how Brexit ideology is becoming the new killer on Britain’s roads.” He highlighted the EU’s crash test standards which came into force 20 years ago, which have helped half the number of people killed in car crashes. Given that Great Britain may be slower to implement the changes, Mr Ward suggested that anyone buying a new car should order from a dealership in Belfast. It is estimated that if the safety regulations were adopted in the UK, it could prevent 1,762 deaths and over 15,000 injuries over the next 15 years.  The number of people killed on Britain’s roads each year was stable between 2010 and 2019 following three decades of decline. In February, a group of six former transport ministers urged Transport Secretary Grant Shapps to swiftly adopt the new safety standards. They hailed the EU standards as being the biggest advancement in vehicle safety since the seat belt was introduced. In a letter to Shapps, the former Transport Ministers said not adopting the new standards “risks putting the UK automotive industry at a competitive disadvantage”.