This is one of the biggest MacBook Air upgrades in years and it makes this hugely popular laptop feel more like a Pro than ever. Even the design appears to take a glimmer of inspiration from Apple's most premium machines with the iconic wedge-shaped appearance replaced by a style that looks just like a miniature MacBook Pro. Luckily, Apple has remembered why people love the Air with this new device still feeling light and ultra-portable. The impressive features continue under the hood with the Air also getting the latest and greatest M2 processor. That's the same Apple silicon that powers the recently released MacBook Pro 13-inch and it's an absolute beast. Start photo retouching or editing 4K videos and you'll find things are performed around 35 percent faster than before. Other nice upgrades include a pin-sharp 13.6-inch screen that gets slimmed down bezels and brighter appearance. There's also an improved 1080p FaceTime HD webcam for crystal clear Zoom calls even when the lights get low. MagSafe charging makes a welcomed return (hooray!) and some models even ship with a nifty plug that can refill the MacBook and your iPad at the same time. This upgrade really takes the Air up a notch. It feels all grown up and more capable of taking on digital tasks than ever before. However, all this new technology does come at a price. The entry-level model now starts from £1,249 making this the most expensive Air ever. If you can stomach the price and are in need of an upgrade prepare to be mightily impressed. The MacBook Air remains Apple's most popular laptop and it's not hard to see why. Ever since the original model was pulled from an A4 envelope by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs back in 2008, it's offered powerful performance in an ultra-portable and much-loved design. The 2022 upgrade really takes things to a whole new level with the Air now looking and feeling more like a powerful MacBook Pro than simply a notebook you'll use for bashing out a few emails. However, with prices now starting from £1,249 is it really worth all that extra money? Apple's product team has clearly taken inspiration from its new MacBook Pro when designing this latest Air. In fact, this laptop looks more like a miniature version of those ultra-premium machines and that's no bad thing. The styling is stunning with the Air's all-aluminium finish and glossy embossed Apple logo oozing class. The US tech firm's renowned build quality also means the new Air should cope with years shoved in your backpack. Weighing in at just 1.24Kg this latest machine is actually slightly lighter than its predecessor although there's no classic wedge-shaped casing which does mean it doesn't appear quite as skinny as before. We actually prefer this updated appearance but those who like that original styling will still find the older and cheaper M1 model in Apple Stores. There are now two USB-C ports and a MagSafe connector included on the 2022 Air which means you can charge this machine and still have dual sockets left for other accessories. It is a shame that all of the ports are on the same side but we're guessing Apple has done this to try and keep costs down. The Air launches in four colours with two new shades to choose from which include Starlight and a much darker Midnight. That's the model we tested and it looks stunning out of the packaging but it does come with a warning. Midnight is an absolute magnet for mucky fingerprints, see image below, and those wanting to keep it looking box fresh will need to keep a cloth with them at all times. It's a little annoying but no deal breaker. Just like the latest 13-inch Pro, this new MacBook Air now features Apple's new M2 silicon and if you want a portable PC that offers premium performance you're in for a treat. This new chip is supremely powerful with it able to munch through tasks with undeniable ease. We've been running professional video and photo editing software on the Air and there's not been a hint of a stutter. A quick Geekbench 5 test also reveals that it beats the older M1 chip when it comes to single and multi-core performance and there's no doubt that this laptop will cope with most takes that users will throw at it. The entry-level Air comes with an 8-core CPU and 8-core GPU which will be perfectly adequate for bashing out emails, surfing the web and editing the odd photo. Anyone who wants to push things harder and play games on their PC might want to consider upgrading to the model with the 10-core GPU. It's £300 more expensive but is definitely worth the money if silky smooth graphics are important to you. Along with being far more powerful, the new MacBook Air is also super efficient. Apple is boasting that users could see up to 18 hours on a single charge when performing simple tasks. That's probably not far off the truth with our tests allowing all-day use without going near a plug. Thanks to its incredible performance there's also no need for a fan inside which means this machine stays silent no matter how hard you push it. Along with the new design and supreme performance, there's another very nice upgrade that arrives on the Air. Just like the MacBook Pro 14 and 16-inch models, this laptop includes a display with thinner bezels that now push closer to the edge of the case. That has allowed Apple to cram a bigger 13.6-inch Liquid Retina display into a machine that's not physically bigger than before. Hit the power button and things look pin-sharp and packed full of colour with this latest display also around 25 percent brighter than before. This becomes really noticeable when using the Air outside with the screen performing well even in bright sunshine. You also get Apple's True Tone technology which automatically adjusts the white point of the display to the colour temperature of your environment. Due to the slim bezels, there is an iPhone-style notch for the webcam which does spoil things slightly but you soon get used to it. Of course, a good Netflix binge doesn't just need to look luscious but also sound good as well and Apple has packed four speakers inside to help boost the audio. The sound is fine but it does lack a bit of bass and is definitely not as good as the amazing 16-inch MacBook Pro. That said, the Air's speakers are compatible with Apple's Spatial Audio and anything you listen to in this room-filling format does sound pretty impressive. There are plenty of extras to talk about on the Air including that new charger which ships with the more expensive 10-core GPU model. It's a great little addition as you can refill two things at once including a MacBook and iPad. It's great to see the MagSafe cable make a return and it should stop this lightweight laptop from flying through the air if someone trips on the power lead. Open the lid and you'll get the market-leading Forch Touch trackpad and much-improved Magic Keyboard plus Apple's Touch ID fingerprint scanner for speedy unlocking and buying things online via Apple Pay. For all those endless video calls you get that new 1080p FaceTime HD camera which offers good image quality. Even our tests in low light conditions impressed with faces looking bright and clear. It is worth noting that there's no Center Stage technology on the Air so this camera won't follow you around the room on your next video call which is a shame. Finally, the Air is compatible with quicker charging although you will need to buy a faster 65W power pack to take advantage of this technology. That will be another £69, please! There's no question that the new MacBook Air is packed with features but all these premium upgrades do come at a price. This new laptop now starts from £1,249 for the entry-level model with that M2 chip and 8-core GPU. Anyone wanting the more powerful M2 with a 10-core GPU will need to fork out another £300. Ouch! Start boosting the 8GB of unified memory and pop a 2TB hard drive inside and things soon start pushing well above the £2,000 barrier. This makes the new Air feel very expensive. Of course, Apple still sells its M1-powered Air for £999 so there's plenty of choice for different budgets but if you want the best of the best you're going to need deep pockets. NOTE: From now until September 26, students can save on the MacBook Air with Apple offering a discount that drops things to £1,149. The MacBook Air is officially Apple's most popular laptop and this latest update is sure to make it even more desirable. Thanks to its new look and ultimate performance this lean machine feels as mighty as a MacBook Pro. There's also that stunning screen, improved webcam, epic battery life, faster charging and MagSafe. Our only real gripes are the higher price and that new Midnight colour being such a terrible fingerprint magnet. If you want a powerful yet portable laptop the new Air is going to be tough to beat. Yes, it's expensive but the upgrades actually make it feel pretty good value especially when you consider that the 14-inch MacBook Pro costs almost £2,000. The Air is definitely back with a blast!