Boris Johnson has resigned as Prime Minister after days of resignations from ministers, aides and envoys. But Mr Johnson said as part of his resignation speech today that he plans to stay on as Prime Minister until the Conservative party have elected another leader. In his speech outside Number 10 this afternoon, he said: “I tried to persuade my colleagues that it would be eccentric to change governments when we're delivering so much and when we have such a vast mandate and when we're actually only a handful of points behind in the polls, even in mid-term, after quite a few months of pretty relentless sledging and when the economic scene is so difficult domestically and internationally.” He continued: “But as we've seen at Westminster, the herd instinct is powerful and when the herd moves, it moves. “And my friends in politics, no-one is remotely indispensable and our brilliant and Darwinian system will produce another leader, equally committed to taking this country forward through tough times.” READ MORE: Boris Johnson compared to Gordon Brown—‘Had to be dragged out of No10' His resignation follows an excruciating 48 hours which saw dozens of ministers - including chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid - telling the Prime Minister they no longer have confidence in his leadership. As the knife was twisted, even his newly appointed cabinet ministers began to turn on him, including newly appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi and Education Secretary Michelle Donelan. Now, some Tory MPs are urging him to leave as soon as possible to avoid government paralysis, and have asked the 1922 Committee to speed up the election process to ensure his exit from Downing Street is swift. Regardless of how long it takes to elect a new Tory leader, Mr Johnson will still be netting his annual salary as Prime Minister and an MP until his days are finally up. Mr Johnson is entitled to an annual salary of £164,080. This is made up of his £84,144 per year for being an MP and his £79,936 allowance for being leader of the country. Last year, Mr Johnson only claimed £75,440 of his £79,000 ministerial salary, making his total pay £159,584. DON'T MISSCould there be two leadership elections? Starmer braces for Beergate [INSIGHT]Former EU chief Michel Barnier sends bitter parting dig to Boris [REPORT]Brexiteer Andrea Jenkyns sticks middle finger up at 'Bye Boris' fans [VIDEO] As an estimate, Mr Johnson will earn a staggering £26,371 between now and a provisional date of September 5, when Parliament returns from its summer recess. This is a combination of his salary as an MP and the additional amount he gets for being Prime Minister. Due to the summer recess beginning on on July 21, it is unlikely we will get a new Prime Minister until the break is over in early September.