He’s right. This country has provided opportunities for people from across the world who dreamed of coming to the UK, living in safety and having the opportunity to succeed. It’s also fair to say that British people, of all backgrounds, have little sympathy for those who abuse our immigration system or break the law and expect to escape the consequences. There will be strong support for his plan to remove foreign nationals who commit offences in the UK.  Many people will be surprised to discover that it’s currently possible for a lawbreaker from overseas to be convicted of a serious crime such as burglary and be welcomed back into British society once they have served their time. It makes sense to ensure foreign nationals leave the country if they are sentenced to six months in jail or longer. It is also strange that foreign nationals can continually commit less serious offences and escape deportation. The proposed “three strikes and you’re out” rule is just common sense. Crime damages every part of our society, and we all benefit from efforts to make the nation safer. Mr Sunak’s firm and fair approach is exactly what we need.  Boris Johnson is known by many as the man who delivered Brexit. But the Prime Minister would be the first to point out that this was only part of the pitch to voters that saw him win a stunning general election victory in 2019. He was also committed to levelling up, a project to ensure people in the north, the Midlands and every other part of the country have the opportunities they deserve. Tory leadership contender Liz Truss is positioning herself as the heir to this agenda, with her pledge to build the Northern Powerhouse Rail project in full. This is a bold plan to create a high-speed network linking Liverpool and Hull, while improving local services across the North. Voters in the north of England were taken for granted by Labour for decades. The Conservative Party must continue to demonstrate that it understands the north doesn’t want handouts – it wants a fair chance to succeed.  Many of us grew up listening to Bernard Cribbins as the voice of The Wombles or a storyteller on Jackanory. More recently, he won a legion of new fans as a regular on Doctor Who. The term national treasure is appropriate here. He bought happiness to millions of people. 