The Sky News presenter lashed out at the Labour MP for his comparison of Boris Johnson who is battling to remain in No 10 as his handling of the row over scandal-hit former deputy chief whip Chris Pincher became the latest issue to raise questions over his judgment. A humiliating apology from the Prime Minister was unable to prevent the departure of two senior ministers and potential leadership rivals, with both writing incendiary resignation letters. Mr Bryant said: "Remember when he did all that stuff about Jimmy Savile? "He's done far worse and I also want to know why Chris Pincher is still an MP." Ms Burley interjected: "I'm not sure we can compare the Prime Minister to Jimmy Savile." The Labour MP continued: "I'm not comparing him, I'm comparing the Prime Minister who believed to be a sex pest to be in charge of the welfare part of the whips office. "That is a serious mistake and the Prime Minister said yesterday that he should have known that Chris Pincher could never learn and he would never change. READ MORE: Zahawi forces beleaguered Boris to name him as Chancellor "But that's the same of the Prime Minister. He'll never learn, he'll never change." Mr Sunak said "the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously", adding: "I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." Mr Javid said the British people "expect integrity from their government" but voters now believed Mr Johnson's administration was neither competent nor "acting in the national interest". He was replaced as Health Secretary by Steve Barclay, the Prime Minister's chief of staff. The Prime Minister's authority had already been damaged by a confidence vote which saw 41 percent of his own MPs withdraw their support. The loss of crunch by-elections in Tiverton and Honiton and Wakefield in June triggered the resignation of party chairman Oliver Dowden, while there is still lingering anger over coronavirus lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street. The twin resignations of Mr Javid and Mr Sunak mean Mr Johnson's position is now perilous, but Cabinet ministers including Dominic Raab, Liz Truss, Michael Gove, Therese Coffey and Ben Wallace indicated they would be staying in the Government. However, Bim Afolami quit as Tory vice-chair live on TV, Andrew Murrison resigned as a trade envoy to Morocco and ministerial aides Jonathan Gullis, Saqib Bhatti, Nicola Richards and Virginia Crosbie left their roles. DON'T MISS Susanna Reid baffled as Steve Bray boycotts GMB with protest song [VIDEO]Lord Frost sets out two reasons why it is time for Boris to go [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson resignations in full: All 12 Tory departures [ANALYSIS] The Prime Minister's fate may ultimately lie with backbench MPs if the Tory 1922 Committee's rules are changed to allow another confidence vote within 12 months. Allies of Mr Johnson believe that is unlikely as it would leave any future leader with a "gun to their head". A sign that the Prime Minister was in danger came with a hastily-arranged broadcast interview in his Commons office. He tried to contain the row over Mr Pincher after it emerged he had forgotten about being told of previous allegations of "inappropriate" conduct.