The Housing Secretary was relieved of his duties in a phone call with his party leader tonight. Mr Johnson's decision to remove the experienced MP from his Cabinet has sent shockwaves through Westminster, with one MP telling Express.co.uk: "This is not rational thinking." Mr Gove was absent from the House of Commons at Prime Minister's Questions this lunchtime, failing to show up to support his boss. It is thought he had this morning told Mr Johnson in person that there was no hope of him remaining in office and that he should resign. A major reshuffle is now set to be underway as the Prime Minister looks to stack his ranks with ultra-loyalists to reboot his premiership. Mr Johnson's relationship with Mr Gove has long been troubled, with the Prime Minister's leadership campaign in 2016 derailed when his rival withdrew support and decided to run himself. READ MORE ON OUR BORIS JOHNSON LIVE BLOG The Housing Secretary was just one of a number of Cabinet colleagues today pleading with the No10 incumbent to give up and quit. Home Secretary Priti Patel, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and Welsh Secretary Simon Hart were among the Cabinet ministers telling Mr Johnson to stand down. Dozens of MPs have quit the Government in protest at Mr Johnson's leadership today, urging him to step aside for the good of the Conservative Party. It followed the resignations of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid from the positions of Chancellor and Health Secretary respectively last night. A snap YouGov poll last night found 69 percent of Britons thought Mr Johnson should step down as Prime Minister, including a majority, 54 percent, of 2019 Conservative voters say. Less than a month ago, just 34 percent of those who backed the Tories at the last election wanted the party leader to stand down. DON'T MISS:Who YOU think should replace Boris Johnson as majority want him OUT [GET INVOLVED]Boris Johnson gives huge hint he's ready for snap ELECTION [INSIGHT]It's like MPs have suddenly discovered integrity, what took so long? [COMMENT] However, a source close to the Prime Minister said tonight that Mr Johnson was defiant. They said: "The PM has a mandate from 14 million people to get a job done. "He’s very conscious of his commitment to them. "If the party wants to stop him they have to take that mandate away. "He has called Graham Brady’s bluff." They added: "The choice is a conservative government with a new chancellor who will soon outline a new economic programme of tax cuts, deregulation and the benefits of Brexit. "Or three months of tearing each other apart. "To elect a leader with no mandate which would prompt the opposition to demand an election which the conservatives would lose to a coalition of chaos - Lib Dems, Labour and the SNP - who would break up Britain and leave conservatives out of power for a long time." Ministers still in the Government are thought to be considering their positions tonight.