Jonathan Sacerdoti, a royal commentator, told Royally Us that the book, written by biographer Tom Bower, could be “very damaging” not only to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle but also to the Royal Family themselves. He said Mr Bower, having no ties to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, would not have held back and, in turn, the book is likely to be “far more explosive” than previous accounts.    Mr Sacerdoti said: “I don’t think Tom Bower is going to [be sympathetic]. I think this book is going to be far more explosive. “And that means if it is revealing secrets, if it is revealing stories of what happened behind the scenes through sourced and reliable means, then I think that will be potentially very damaging both to the Royal Family and to the ex royals. “I think it is just going to widen that rift. But, again, when I say that it will be damaging to Harry and Meghan, it might actually not be damaging.    “It may be exactly what they like because while they are not actively involved in the book, all the controversy, gossip and backbiting about who did what and who said what just keeps them in the press. “They can react to it, or their closest people can react to it. And there could be legal cases; they are not averse to a bit of litigation. “So, I think that it will definitely be just more fuel on that fire.” READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie 'healing rifts quietly' with Harry and Meghan [REVEAL]   Mr Bower, who’s new biography is titled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, has described Ms Markle as “dreadful” in his latest interviews. Speaking to Piers Morgan on TalkTV, who is also a fierce critic of the Sussex’s, Mr Bower said he believed Ms Markle “posed a real threat” to the Royal Family. He said: “I think she is a very clever and scheming woman. At the end of the book, I realised how successful she had been. “Here was a woman who was nothing. Born to a broken family, the whole thing. An unknown actress becomes a global star, which is what she wanted. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] The Crown's timeline extended to 'pave way for' Harry and Meghan [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan under pressure over Netflix reality show [REPORT]   “She calculated that she could be a great success and by marrying Prince Harry, she did that. “They pose a real threat to the Royal Family. I just thought this woman was really doing something quite dreadful to Britain. “And Harry has fallen in love with her in the most ludicrous way, and gone along as her accomplice.” Among the many accusations in the book, Mr Bower alleges that Meghan’s split from her own family comes to mirror the separation Harry sees from his own after marrying her. READ NEXT: Harry & Meghan 'losing popular opinion' over 'strange existence' in USHarry has 'broken No.1 royal rule' as more bombshells to comeMeghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with HarryUS talkshow host mocks Meghan's presidential aspirations dismantledPrince Harry 'anxious and tense' during UN speech  