Manchester United players have had their concerns about Erik ten Hag quickly allayed, according to reports. It is claimed many of the Red Devils squad were unsure over the Dutchman's management following his appointment. United have had an impressive pre-season under Ten Hag. They have won three of their four friendly matches and would have had a 100 per cent record but for a stoppage-time equaliser from Calum Chambers in Saturday's 2-2 draw at Aston Villa. Ten Hag is starting to put his stamp on the squad. Three signings have been made so far but that will not be the last of the incomings. The 52-year-old's style of play has already been evident in the friendlies. The Manchester Evening News says there were no doubts from the United players over his ability to coach. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offer De Jong £110m deal, Atletico £36m Ronaldo plan  However, many were unsure on whether he had the managerial capabilities to lead a club the size of United. But the report says the players have been proven wrong in the early part of his reign. Ten Hag has also been able to dispel any thought that he would struggle to command respect in the dressing room. The players have bought into his ideas alongside assistants Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren. United are set to have a behind-closed-doors friendly against National League side Wrexham on Wednesday. They then face Atletico Madrid in Oslo and Saturday and Rayo Vallecano at Old Trafford the following day. Ten Hag expects his side to play a different style against their two Spanish opposition this weekend. He said after the draw with Villa: "We've played a different type of football, different systems and I think that will also be the case when we face two Spanish teams. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to move on from 'joke' De Jong deal and sign 'top-class' alternativeArsenal's three 'unhappy' players' impact on training amid summer wishesMan Utd clarify why Arnold and Ferguson were present during Ronaldo talks  "Again, a different approach and what we want is to play proactive football. We want to play with initiative, we want to play attacking football and that's also what we've seen today, but in the end, you have to control the game and that's what we didn't do. "They [players] can have a lot of confidence because they are good. But they have to know they must work hard and we need to work as a team to have good performances. "It has been incredible [pre-season tour], it was a really fantastic experience, we have so many supporters across the world. We know they are behind us, so many fans and we have to give back - we will work hard for that."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt