According to stag and hen party booking agent Last Night of Freedom, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has resulted in bookings to Eastern European stag and hen hotspots, like Budapest and Krakow, drying up almost overnight, while bookings for British destinations such as Bath have surged. “After two years of Covid, we’d anticipated a boom across Europe and Britain, but Putin put a spanner in the works for a good chunk of the continent,” said Matt Mavir, manging director of Last Night of Freedom. The Gateshead firm has organised stags and hens across Europe and beyond for the past four decades. However, since Russian tanks rolled across the border, Matt revealed bookings to Krakow dipped by 60% at the peak. Trips to other major stag and hen haunts, like Riga and Budapest, nosedived by 39% and 45% respectively, in a crippling post-pandemic economic blow. This weekend alone Last Night of Freedom estimates there will be 35 groups visiting the city – more than Lisbon, Hamburg, and even Blackpool. According to Matt, the influx of visitors will have “significant positive impact” on the city’s coffers. “Stags and hens generally don’t scrimp on their weekend and local hotels, bars, restaurants and activity providers will all have benefitted from the extra visitors,” added Matt. “We expected Bath to have a decent year, as not only is it naturally a great stag and hen party venue, but business was always going to pick up following two years of rules and restrictions. The public were desperate to get away. “Plus there were effectively three years of weddings to cram into one season. However, Bath has overperformed and we believe that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is a significant contributing factor. “As soon as it happened, business in the bloc effectively stopped. There was great uncertainty, especially in those first few weeks, and I think a lot of customers would have found it difficult to party near a warzone and a humanitarian crisis.” According to the United Nations, over 12 million Ukrainians have fled their homeland since the war started almost five months ago. Many have sought refuge in neighbouring Poland. Currently, Last Night of Freedom offers stag and hen trips to several cities there, including Warsaw, Poznan and Gdansk. Since the fall of the Iron Curtain, Eastern Europe has successfully marketed itself as a mecca for British stags and hens, with low-cost airlines establishing daily routes to the bloc - an area which soon became shorthand for cheap, raunchy fun. Pre-pandemic, there was feverish demand for such visits. So much so, Last Night of Freedom offered jaunts to a dozen Eastern European cities. Yet, while the stag and hen industry is once again booming post-covid, bookings are down across the region since war broke out – with Brits instead opting to either stay home or Western European destinations. “During Spring and Summer, Eastern Europe is typically teeming with stags and hens so the drop in bookings is a cruel, devastating blow,” added Matt. The company has pledged a portion of profits from trips booked to Eastern Europe to causes aiding those impacted by the invasion. “Much of their tourism and hospitality sector is built around stags and hens so the war has been nothing short of a nightmare for them. My heart breaks, as Eastern Europe has been so good to our industry. “In the four decades we’ve been in business, we have formed many personal friendships with our partners working there so we want to do what we can to help them. “I’d also say there’s not much to worry about if you did book in Eastern Europe. After five months of fighting, the war is still contained to Ukraine while our partners in places like Poland said you don’t notice any real difference. It isn’t like there humanitarian camps set up in the middle of a city, where most people visit. “But with little sign of peace on the horizon, I do worry that this is going to be a hammer blow to their tourism industry and the last thing they needed on the back of a pandemic.”