Manchester United are being linked with Neymar at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo could leave Old Trafford behind. The 37-year-old is eager to join a team who have Champions League football to offer. And that’s something the Red Devils can’t provide after finishing sixth in the table last term amid a turbulent campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Manchester United were rocked at the end of last month when Ronaldo made it clear he wanted to depart. The Portugal international scored 24 goals across all competitions last term, having returned from Juventus in August after 12 years away. But Ronaldo doesn’t want to play in the Europa League, a tournament he’s never graced over the course of his glittering career. According to The Mirror, Neymar is one of the names being considered by the Red Devils - with Paris Saint-Germain willing to let the Brazil international leave in the wake of Kylian Mbappe’s bumper new contract. So Express Sport will now take a look at how United could line up if Neymar does indeed join, as well as other targets Frenkie de Jong and Denzel Dumfries. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative A year ago, it looked as though David De Gea was on the wane. He’d struggled for consistency under Solskjaer, cutting a far different figure to the reliable shot-stopper he was during Jose Mourinho’s time in the dugout. And, originally, United planned for Dean Henderson to be their No 1 with De Gea as his deputy. However, Henderson getting Covid then allowed his senior team-mate to get a run of games. And De Gea made the most of that opportunity, regaining his best form to become one of the best goalkeepers in world football once again. Therefore, the 31-year-old is set to be United’s No 1 this term - with Henderson allowed to join Nottingham Forest on loan. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Though United have signed Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez, the duo will need time to adapt to life in England. So, with that being the case, Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw can expect regular action this term. Likewise club captain Harry Maguire who, despite fans getting on his back, is here to stay for the long run. United would like to sign a right-back, however, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka surplus to requirements and Diogo Dalot still defensively suspect. Dumfries continues to be linked amid uncertainty over his Inter Milan future and it’s possible the Netherlands international will be recruited before the transfer window slams shut at the end of next month. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Unless you’ve been living under a rock, you’ll know United want to sign De Jong. And though there are suggestions the 25-year-old doesn’t want to come, the Red Devils aren’t willing to throw in the towel just yet. If De Jong does move to United, he’d likely be deployed alongside Scott McTominay in the middle of the park. And Bruno Fernandes would then be used in the No 10 role. Christian Eriksen is likely to be back-up to Fernandes, having joined from Brentford on a free transfer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Though United believe Marcus Rashford will be better this season, any move for Neymar would spell trouble for the England international. And that’s because the Brazilian is at his best when cutting in from the left flank. Down the middle could go Anthony Martial. The France international has been reborn during pre-season, scoring three goals from four appearances. And Jadon Sancho would then go on the right, with the former Borussia Dortmund star beginning to look like the real deal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here