Vera has kept ITV viewers on the edge of their seats since it first began in May 2011. The gripping storylines and unexpected twists often keep fans guessing until the very last minute. Leading lady Brenda Blethyn admitted this is down to the dedication of bosses. Brenda explained the killer's identities are just as much a surprise to her and her character. She detailed: "I get the scripts and if I work out who did it early on, it goes back and gets adjusted because you can't have that." The 76-year-old, added novelist Ann Cleves, of the original Vera series, now hears her voice when writing. "Ann often tells people I'm like a policeman on set, if there's anything not organic to what she created in her books, I'm onto it in a nano-second," she disclosed. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? Out of the 40 feature-length episodes filmed, the actor revealed at least seven of them are lifted directly from Ann's books including the popular episode, The Seagull. While the books are there as inspiration, Brenda also explains how it is sometimes difficult to adapt storylines to fit television. How much say does the frontwoman have in the rest of the writing? More than fans might think. Brenda emphasised bosses of the show trust her to read through material before production starts as she knows her character best. Speaking on The Graham Norton Podcast, she said: "They write brilliant stories but I know her, I know the character better, I know how she would deal with things. "They allow me to adjust scripts to make it more Vera because they trust me." Confident to have her say in the writing room, the nation's favourite detective has shared her embarrassment at actually watching her dramatic performances. When asked at an event hosted by the University of Kent if she ever watches herself back, she gave a sheepish reply. DON'T MISS...Vera’s Brenda Blethyn details change to beloved Land Rover [INSIGHT]Vera star recalls awkward scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [TRIBUTE] She said: "Yes I do sometimes and sometimes I’m so embarrassed, I think, ‘Hope nobody else sees that.'" Despite being known for her portrayal of the eclectic DCI Vera Stanhope, the actor has 40 years of stage, television and film work under her belt. Taking Vera to new heights, filming has already begun for the next instalment and production has been spotted on the Northumberland coast. Thrilled and delighted, Brenda will return for another round of solving murder mysteries, and author Ann penned a sweet message of encouragement to the actor. Ann herself was the culprit behind letting information slip on the news the series had been renewed for another season but who can blame her? Fans will have to keep an eye on social media for all the latest sneak peek's from the set of the drama. Vera is available to watch on the ITV Hub.