Senior figures in the Conservative Party have been announcing their resignations from Mr Johnson’s Government since last night, including Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid. The anger was palpable in the House of Commons today and disgruntled Tory MPs lined up to take aim at the Prime Minister. Tory MP Tim Loughton amused both sides of Parliament when he asked the Prime Minister just what it would take for him to go. The MP for East Worthing and Shoreham said: "Does the Prime Minister think there are any circumstances in which he should resign?" Mr Johnson fended off the questions by telling Parliament that he has “a colossal mandate” and the only option for him is to “keep going.” Gary Sambrook MP continued with the mauling, making a powerful point about the damage caused by Mr Pincher’s actions. READ MORE: Rayner shares picture of empty benches but this is how it really looks Mr Sambrook asked the Prime Minister: "He always tries to blame other people for mistakes...there's nothing left for him to do other than take responsibility and resign." David Davis is a long-term enemy of Mr Johnson and he could not resist a shot at his rival today. Mr Davis called on the Prime Minister just six months ago, when the Partygate scandal hit the front pages, and put intense pressure on the Tory Party. He said : “Even then [six-months ago], it was clear that his approach to leadership and integrity was already creating a pipeline of problems that would paralyse proper government.”  Mr Davis added: “I ask him to do the honourable thing, to put the interest of the nation, before his own interest, before, in his own words, it becomes impossible for the government to do its job.” Resignations from positions within the Government have been flooding in throughout the day, and the total now stands at more than 20. The Prime Minister told Parliament at the start of the session of his regret of the incident. He said: “I regret very much that the member for Tamworth continued to hold office after the complaint was made against him in the Foreign Office. It was resolved, his apology was accepted, but clearly that was not enough.” DONT MISS:Defiant Boris vows to FIGHT ON and slash taxes for millions [ANALYSIS]Red Wall Tories issue warning over Starmer's Brexit plan [INSIGHT]PM's allies slam Sunak after Cabinet chaos puts Boris on the brink [REACTION] After Prime Minister’s Questions, former Health Secretary Sajid Javid gave a speech to the Commons about his resignation. Mr Javid said that the problem in the Government "starts at the top" and "that's not going to change". Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak resigned last night too, in a sign that allies of Mr Johnson are becoming fed-up with the mounting number of scandals. It is expected that the number of Tory MPs resigning from Government posts will continue during the day.