Uncle Clifford (played by Nicco Annan) is fast becoming one of the Starz network’s most iconic new characters after the return of strip club drama P-Valley at the start of June. With just four episodes left of season two, and hopefully plenty more instalments to come, Nicco has revealed exclusively to Express.co.uk how he and the rest of the cast get into character. Nicco has opened up about the difficult task of portraying one of P-Valley’s biggest personalities for the show’s past two seasons. In season two, Uncle Clifford faces her hardest ordeal yet as her strip club The Pynk struggles to stay afloat during the pandemic. However, the club owner remains just as bold, confident and stylish as ever, even while Clifford feuds with her dancers and the club’s new co-owner Hailey Colton (Elarica Johnson). “It’s a process,” Nicco said of developing his performance. “It’s a process that I definitely go through.” READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ Thankfully, much like his character, Nicco has the support of showrunner Katori Hall and the P-Valley cast to ensure The Pynk is still a safe and collaborative space even when the cameras aren’t rolling. “We are really blessed on this show because we all have relationships outside of our characters,” he explained. “And I think that that comes heavily because of the nature of the show. “We all knew that we were working in a strip club and playing sex workers to an extent. To do that work requires a true level of being stripped down and authenticity and a bearing of the soul.” Based on Katori’s original play P***y Valley, Nicco has both reprised and developed his role after taking Clifford from the stage to the screen. The series has been celebrated for destigmatising the world of strip clubs and sex work, in addition to its representation of Black communities and LGBTQ+ people in the Deep South. “It’s really bold and daring work as an actor and as an artist,” Nicco added. “For all of the people on this show, the men and the women, to truly just bear their souls in a way that is really just unique and refreshing to be able to see people take on things that we all, in real life, do and not have to sugar coat it in a Hollywood kind of way.” DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen shares ‘stressful’ experience [VIDEO]Carol Vorderman leaves James May flustered in flirty exchange [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty distracts BBC viewers with outfit [REACTION] “It is a process to get there, but it’s also a space that is required in order to tell this story. You have to do this, so you knew what you were signing up for.” P-Valley has yet to be officially renewed for season three, but Nicco revealed the whole cast was fully committed to the daring new TV project from the beginning. “But the main cast, we all said when we did the pilot, we took a break, looked around, and we’re like, ‘We’re doing it! Here we go.’ We all fist bumped and we just did it,” he recalled. “You definitely are afraid sometimes, and you’re nervous. You wonder how things are going to be received." “But, for me, it’s really important that all people of all shapes and sizes are represented. “It’s not only about LGBTQ+, it’s not only about sex workers, but what about the darker-skinned people? “What about full-figured, fuller bodies? Not everyone has that six-pack, you need a little shake going on!” The series has received a huge boost in viewership for its second season, so hopefully season two won’t be the last P-Valley fans have seen of Uncle Clifford and The Pynk. P-Valley season 2 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and is available to stream on StarzPlay in the UK.