Kim Kardashian, 41, has addressed rumours that she was “rejected by the Queen” to attend the monarch's Platinum Jubilee celebrations during her stay in the UK. The American socialite set the record straight, as she explained how her reality TV series helped her show the world her true self. Kim first gained media attention as a friend and stylist of heiress Paris Hilton. However, it was thanks to her family's E! reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians that the businesswoman achieved fame of astronomical proportions. Now, Kim opened up on the importance of “working harder” to reveal her true personality to those who may not have the right impression of her. Kim went on to dismiss false claims that she had been “rejected by the Queen” when she was in the UK with boyfriend Pete Davidson. She said: “Being on a reality show and that’s not respected. “Feeling like I need to work harder to show you guys that I’m not the person you think. “I saw some stupid report today where it was like, ‘Kim’s rejected to come to the Jubilee by the Queen.’” The media personality explained to Allure: “I was in London with my boyfriend who’s filming a movie and we’re only here two days. “But [the headline] is, ‘Kim: Rejected!’ I think that’s also why I love doing the reality show — the chance to show people who I really am.” Keeping Up With The Kardashians launched in 2007 on E! and kept fans entertained for 14 years. However, the popular TV series came to an end last year with an emotional farewell episode. The Kardashian-Jenner family released a statement ahead of the last instalment explaining that the show would be cancelled, having "decided as a family to end this very special journey". DON'T MISS...Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon [PICS]Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers [COMMENT]Jennifer Lopez showcases sizzling bikini snaps for JLo brand [INSTAGRAM] But earlier this year, the famous clan surprised fans by announcing the launch of their new reality show titled The Kardashians. The first series, which consists of 10 episodes, premiered on April 14, on the American channel Hulu. The episodes have been released weekly since, and UK fans can tune in via Disney Plus. As well as The Kardashians, the sisters launched a number of reality shows of their own throughout their TV careers. Two years after launching Keeping Up With The Kardashians in 2007, the three sisters launched Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami, and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami. The series lasted three seasons and showed the ordeals the sisters faced when opening their own fashion store, Dash. Allure’s August issue is available on newsstands nationwide July 19th.