The unverified video shared on YouTube and on Twitter from the MilitaryLand.net account shows smoke rising in the distance and the sound of blasts. MilitaryLand.net shared the clip earlier today with the comment: "Shelling near Klimovo, Bryansk Oblast - Russia (~12km from the border). There is an airfield and military base nearby." Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify the video, its date or location. Klimovo is 177 miles from Kyiv and is close to Russia's border with Belarus. Russian authorities in areas sharing a border with Ukraine have accused Kyiv of attacks since the first phase of the war. This includes a series of explosions heard on April 27 in three Russian provinces bordering Ukraine and an ammunition depot in Belgorod province which caught fire at about the same time.  Attacks inside Russia have exposed the country's vulnerabilities in areas near Ukraine which are important to its military logistics chains. Ukraine Presidential Adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said: "If you [Russians] decide to massively attack another country, massively kill everyone there, massively crush peaceful people with tanks, and use warehouses in your regions to enable the killings, then sooner or later the debts will have to be repaid." The Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) claimed in April that Russian soldiers staged a hoax attack on Klimovo in order to blame the Ukrainians. SBU officials said the service intercepted a phone call between a Russian soldier and his wife in which he admitted the reported strike was staged by the Kremlin as a provocation used to justify Moscow's war in Ukraine.  READ MORE ABOUT A PIT BULL ATTACK Meanwhile, dozens of Ukrainian prisoners of war (POW) appear to have been killed in a missile strike today. Moscow and Kyiv have accused each other of carrying out the attack in the frontline town of Olenivka, which is in a part of the Donetsk region held by separatists. Russia's defence ministry said 40 prisoners were killed and 75 wounded in the attack on a prison in the town. The Kremlin has accused Kyiv of targeting the location with HIMARS rockets, according to Russian media.  DON'T MISS: London hit with electricity shortage as capital 'running out' [REVEALED] Is there a hosepipe ban in my area? [REPORT] RAF pilot's split second terror over buzzing noise mid-air [LATEST] Ukraine has denied carrying out the strike, instead accusing Russian artillery of targeting the prison to cover up the mistreatment of the people held there. Kyiv also alleges Russia has wrongly tried to lay the blame at its door.  Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba accused Russia of committing a war crime and called for international condemnation of what happened. Video released by Russian war correspondent Andrei Rudenko showed Kremlin-backed military personnel sifting through the burned-out rubble of what he said was the prison. Separate footage showed the remains of a cavernous, burned-out building filled with metal beds, some with charred bodies still lying on them while other bodies were lined up on military stretchers or on the ground outside.  Russia's defence ministry said the prison housed Ukrainian prisoners of war and eight prison staff were also wounded. The Ukrainian government has accused Russia of atrocities and brutality against civilians during the invasion. It says it has identified more than 10,000 possible war crimes. Russia denies targeting civilians. 