Earlier this week James Caan died. The actor was 82-years-old and had been involved in some of the biggest films in Hollywood history. Not only did he play Sonny Corleone in The Godfather, but he also played Walter Hobbs in the incredible Christmas movie Elf; as well as Misery, Thief, Rollerball and El Dorado. But not everything went perfectly behind the scenes of The Godfather. Specifically, Caan didn't realise how much of his performance was actually hitting cinemas. Caan joined the cast of The Godfather to celebrate its 50 years earlier in 2022. In an interview, he recalled some fond memories he had of the movie but noted that he felt scammed by one decision made by the director, Coppola. Discussing one of the film's scenes, he said: "When Michael [played by Al Pacino] tells me he is going to take care of the cop and Sollozzo [Al Lettieri], I say: ‘You’ll get brains all over your nice Ivy League suit.’" He added that the following sequence left him raging. Caan said: "There was a scene before in the same room that I had with Bobby [Duvall] - and Francis cut all of it out!" The star was attending a screening at the time, but couldn't bring himself to stay. "I was so pi***d off," he added. "I couldn’t watch the rest of the film. But otherwise, [Coppola] gave me a great honour." (Via THR) Caan also cleared up rumours that he had butted heads with another Godfather megastar: Gianni Russo. READ MORE: James Caan on bitter feud that 'prevented' Elf 2 from being made Russo said in 2017 that he and Caan had a "physical altercation" when their characters' fight got too heated. "Jimmy got a little aggressive,” Russo recalled. "He improvised a few things - like that little billy club he threw at me when I came off the stoop. He hit me right in the head with that, and then he throws me over the railing and he’s biting my hands… when I crawl out, he literally lifted me up with his kick… none of that was supposed to happen." He added: "Jimmy and I are not friends at all, believe me. The guy’s nuts." Caan had a completely different story to what Russo said, however. DON'T MISS...James Caan on bitter feud that 'prevented' Elf 2 from being made [INFO]James Caan tributes: The Godfather director, Al Pacino and Elf stars [TRIBUTES]Godfather icon James Caan dies at age 82 [INSIGHT] Caan revealed Russo had a fight with someone else, not him. "I did the fight scene with stuntman Paul Baxley," he said. "He came in, and we made up the whole fight. And everything you saw in there is something that Paul and I created the day before." The iconic actor's death was announced on Twitter earlier this week. The tweet said: "It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6." The statement continued: "The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time." Many actors from Hollywood sent in tributes to remember the star. Rob Reiner wrote: "So sorry to hear the news. I loved working with him. And the only Jew I knew who could calf rope with the best of them. Love to the family." SOURCE