BBC commentator Pat Cash is facing a backlash following his scathing attack on Australian compatriot Nick Kyrgios. Cash, who has featured on Wimbledon's television coverage throughout the championships, was savage about Krygios' behaviour during his third round clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas, after which the 27-year-old was fined £3,300. Kyrgios came through the clash in four sets, but was punished afterwards for 'audible obscenities'. His Greek opponent was also punished, and after a match marred by perceived gamesmanship, the pair continued to spar verbally in their post-match press conferences. The fine dished out to the Aussie star is dwarfed however by the £8,211 he had to pay after his first round match with Paul Jubb, during which the world No 45 frequently argued with officials and even spat in the direction of a fan. And on Sunday, Cash didn't hold back in his assessment on the Canberra man: “He’s brought tennis to the lowest level I can see as far as gamesmanship, cheating, manipulation, abuse, aggressive behaviour to umpires, to linesmen," ranted Cash, in BBC radio. “He was lucky to even get through the first set, he should have been defaulted in the first set. Something’s got to be done about it – it’s just an absolute circus. Is it entertaining? Yeah, possibly. It’s gone to the absolute limit now.” JUST IN: Cameron Norrie gives awkward answer to Andy Murray question after making Wimbledon history Cash wasn't done there, summarising Kyrgios' actions as: “gamesmanship, cheating, manipulation, abuse, aggressive behaviour to umpires, to linesmen.” The star has undoubtedly divided opinion throughout his time at SW19, but has top billing on Tuesday when he faces American Brandon Nakashima on Centre Court. And many fans have leapt to his defence by hitting out at Cash, 57, with journalist Daniel McDonnell tweeting: "This BBC commentary team’s sniffy attitude towards Nick Kyrgios is definitely strengthening my view that we need more of Kyrgios and less of everybody else." DON'T MISS:Sue Barker breaks down in tears and threatens John McEnroe in emotional Wimbledon scenesJohn McEnroe perplexed by 'crazy' situation surrounding Novak DjokovicJohn McEnroe was torn apart by Billie Jean King in blunt verdict: 'He gets what he wants!' Cash was no stranger to controversy on the court himself, a notion @anguslivingston raised: "You can say what you like about Nick Krygios and many will, but if you're a former tennis champion you might want to look at your own history before wading in with hot takes." @true_bomber added: "Pat Cash and John McEnroe calling out Nick Kyrgios for bad behaviour is one of the funniest things I have heard in 2022. Seriously? Hypocrites much?" If Kyrgios wins, he'll reach a Grand Slam quarter final for just the second time, and @DylanMatthews91 argued the player wasn't getting the credit he deserved, saying: "The fact that Pat Cash has criticised Nick Kyrgios' behaviour and not praised his tennis during Wimbledon. has been nothing short of disgusting."  