Joan Collins, 89, is known for her glamour and she made sure to bring it with her to the South of France. The actress posed with her brother and friends as she enjoyed the Saint-Tropez sun, showing off her sensational figure. Joan was sure to turn heads as she walked the streets of Saint-Tropez today. The actress looked amazing as she showed off her ample assets with a blue and white shirt. She accompanied the shirt with a pair of small white shorts, showing off her toned pins. The Hollywood actress sat in the middle of her friends as she sat with her legs crossed looking at the camera. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello She accompanied the white ensemble with a white Chanel baseball cap and large blue shades. For accessories Joan wore large gold dangle earrings, along with gold bangles and a watch. Joan captioned the picture in view of her 278,000 Instagram followers: "It’s a hard life but some of us got to do it! "With brother Bill & @rene_horsch #hardlife #boat #friends #sainttropez." Many social media users rushed to the comments to compliment the Golden Globe winners stunning appearance. Kentocallaghan said: "Gorgeous as always! Your Brother Bill is looking very well." Jeffreymoorer55 added: "Awesome!! Queen, you look stunning. "Ageing like fine wine!" DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps [HEALTH] Harry Styles cancels Copenhagen concert amid nearby shooting [BREAKING] Piers Morgan sparks backlash as he reignites Adele feud [OPINION] Howardjohncole commented: "Wow Joan! Looking fantastic as always." Joan has been regularly updating her fans with pictures from her holidays, surprising many with her near make-up free selfie last month. She could be seen wearing a large fedora, along with a coral necklace and matching earrings. The actress wore minimal makeup as she sported a dark red lip. She captioned the snap: "I love a #fedora! Best for the #heat and keep the #sun off your face!" Many social media users took to the comments to compliment the star. Tom_boy_toy said: "Beautiful, eternally Fabulous as always." Princess_lynzels added: "You have still got it Joan!" Christine_anne_garstin commented: "They were invented for you Joan. You always look fabulous in one."