Scottie Scheffler feels he is still regarded as a fake world No 1 as he heads into The Open Championship. The American has been top of the rankings since displacing Jon Rahm in March after a golden run of three wins in five starts which was extended the following month by his magnificent Masters triumph. However Scheffler’s impression is that he is viewed as an imposter ahead of the likes of Rahm and World No 2 Rory McIlroy. “I guess I am No 1 in the rankings. I'm not sure if I'm necessarily perceived that way by you all but that's not stuff that I really ever think about. For me I'm just trying to go out and play good golf,” said Scheffler. “I would assume not everybody's picking me to win this week. I don't think I was the favourite going into the Masters. I'm not sure if I've been the favourite, maybe going into any tournaments. READ MORE: The Open LIVE: Tiger Woods in brutal Greg Norman takedown on LIV Golf “That may not be the true perception. That's just mine. But I don't really feel like whatever being No 1 would be. “I don't think it matters if I'm No 1 in the world or No 50 in the world, I want to win this tournament as bad or more than anybody out here.” The 26-year-old’s far-from-textbook technique hardly smacks of the world’s best player but it is hard to argue with results which included an eighth-place finish on his Open debut last year. The secret, he says, is competitive instinct and a single-minded work ethic. DON'T MISSWoods' Open playing partner's dream comes true as old post resurfacesTiger Woods' 'main concern' outlined by friend ahead of 150th OpenTiger Woods tee times at The Open 2022: When does he start “One of my favourite things at home is going out to practise when nobody's around,” he said. “There's a little short-game area at a course I recently joined and I can spend four or five hours of the day back there and not see a single person. I just go out there and practise. “That's where I get my confidence from - working hard so when I show up to the tournament, I've done what I could.”