Rafael Nadal has reportedly decided he will play through the pain in his Wimbledon semi-final against Nick Kyrgios after undergoing medical tests on Thursday morning, which showed that he has suffered a 'seven-millimeter tear in the abdomen'. Nadal was in serious trouble during his Wimbledon quarter-final against Taylor Fritz on Wednesday.  The Spaniard knelt down after ripping down a serve towards the end of the second set to his and clutched at his stomach. He soon called for a medical time-out where his dad and sister were pleading with him to withdraw from the match. Nadal chose to carry on and battle through the pain after taking some tablets. Despite still being hampered by the stomach issue - with his service power significantly decreased - Nadal was beginning to get back on top of Fritz after losing the third set. There was a back-and-forth with both players dropping serve twice in the opening eight games of the set. But Nadal found the third and crucial breakthrough in the 11th game before serving out for the set and forcing a decider. The drama continued with the fifth going to a championship tiebreak and Nadal eventually come through the victor in a near four-and-a-half-hour thriller. However, it was still clear that Nadal's participating in the men's semi-final would depend on the result of more medical tests to determine whether he would be able to continue in the tournament. The Spaniard was late to a practice session scheduled on Thursday at Wimbledon and Marca claim it was due to him being away from the grounds undergoing medical tests. The Spanish outlet goes on to claim that Nadal has suffered a 'seven-millimeter tear in one of his abdominal muscles'.  Despite the worrying injury prognosis, Nadal reportedly intends to play his match against Nick Kyrgios on Friday. Speaking after his won over Fritz, Nadal gave some more information on what happened when he went off with the trainer midway through the match. He said: "They can't do much, honestly, no. Doctor came, give me some antiinflammatories. Well, antiinflammatories and analgesic, no? And that's it. The physio just tried to relax a little bit the muscle there. But it's difficult. Nothing can be fixed when you have a thing like this. That's it. "No, I don't know. As I said before, I just wanted to give myself a chance. Not easy to leave the tournament. Not easy to leave Wimbledon, even if the pain was hard. I don't know. I wanted to finish. Doesn't matter. Well, I prefer to win, with victory or defeat. That's what I did. I fighted. Proud about the fighting spirit and the way that I managed to be competitive under that conditions."  