The couple visited the UN in New York City on Monday to celebrate the life and work of Nelson Mandela. The Duchess of Sussex wore a black dress with matching heels and a burgundy Mulberry bag. Meghan ensured that her jewellery caught the attention over her outfit as she paired the black ensemble with two diamond rings with a unique and empowering message. Both rings were pinky rings from Shiffon Co., a company that places female empowerment front and centre of its work. The Duchess has been spotted wearing the rings from the female-founded company since April, when Meghan began supporting the company. The rings are studded all around with diamonds and are designed in a spiral shape, one is the 1972 Tennis Pinky Ring which can be as much as $2,800 (£2,337) and the other is the Duet Pinky Ring priced at $595.00 (£496.66). The spiral design originated when founder Shilpa Yarlagadda wanted a ring but did not know her size. The company was founded in 2017 when Yarlagadda began making jewellery out of her dorm room at Harvard University. The 1972 Tennis Ring is part of the new collection to honour the 50th anniversary of the Title IX, legislation which gave women the right to partake in sports in schools and colleges. According to Yarlagadda who spoke to PEOPLE:“Tennis was [also] one of the first sports to have equal pay and have equal pay for all of the grand slams.” READ MORE: Over a quarter of Brits seeking out freebies in cost-of-living strain In honour of the special piece in the collection, 19.72 percent of profits from sales of the 1972 Tennis ring will go to the Women in Sports Investment fund which is part of the company. Many famous women have been seen sporting the brand, including Michelle Obama and Malala Yousafzai. Though in theory the adjustable ring can be worn on any finger, it is called a pinky ring as “it represents this pinky promise to pay it forward and support women”, said Yarlagadda. The Duet Pinky Ring which the Duchess also wore was the first ring designed by the company and of which 50 percent of the profits also go towards female empowerment. Yarlagadda said: “We really instilled [mentorship] in the ring because 50 percent of profits are funding seed grants for female founders for companies that empower women.” The founder also revealed that 12 female-founded companies are now being funded from the proceeds from the original Duet Pinky Ring.