Joss had intended to return home to Devon after recording Never Forget My Love, which was released in February. But due to the health scare she and partner Cody DaLuz decided to stay in Tennessee for Violet's birth in late 2020. She says she bought a "massive sofa," laid down and ate as many calories as possible to help her daughter gain weight. Although the singer - who plays the Sandbar Poolside at Red Rock Resort in Las Vegas on Friday - likes living in Nashville, she is still planning to return to Devon when Violet starts nursery school. The Grammy winner says she misses the English countryside andWest Country pub culture. Joss recalled how a routine medical check-up tipped her world upside down: "We were going home to have the baby, but the doctor said, 'Your baby is small - it's not good.' "That forced my hand. We were staying. We found a place in a month, bought a massive sofa and I ate everything I saw and just laid down." "I said, 'Doc you are now my doctor - I'm not going home. And we are going to deliver my massive baby!' "The week before she grew to 6lb 14oz. She was fine. It all worked out and I believe it's because we stayed in Nashville." 'It was the most important thing' "If we'd gone home she'd have been teeny weeny and there would have been dramas. "You have to go with your gut. I knew how tiring it is to travel. It was the most important thing in my life." But Stone, who is pregnant with her second child, is missing Devon: "I miss the pubs. Being here you notice that pubs make communities. Everybody goes there, not always for drinking, but for socialising as families." "Lots of things go on at pubs - kids events, music and dinners." "It is a great way to meet people and I miss that. In Tennessee there isn't anything like that. There is a bar but it's not a wholesome family spot." "Devon will always be home." I was brought up there, I always go back and I have never really left my family home. "We're probably going to stay for another year and just before Violet goes to school, we are going to come back home - like a bird flying back to the nest." Joss, who started performing professionally at 16, now feels her music is more important than bagging awards. The Grammy and Brit winner said: "Awards are pretty low in my sense of achievement. I want to make good music."