Paddy Pimblett will be out to continue his charge towards a UFC title shot on Saturday night when he takes on Jordan Leavitt at The O2 Arena. Pimblett, 27, is on the undercard for the heavyweight clash between Tom Aspinall and Curtis Blaydes at UFC London, but is still seemingly the star attraction as he bids for a third straight win since signing with Dana White.   And the Scouse star has been at his explosive best this week, flashing his bum during the weigh-ins in a riposte to critics over his eating habits. He's also dismissed any chances Leavitt has of beating him, promising to 'tea-bag' the American fighter in front of around 20,000 fans. Pimblett earned a TKO win over Luigi Vendramini last September, and then submitted Rodrigo Vargas in London in March. However, the victories for 'The Baddy' were tainted by the issue of pay, with fans stunned to learn he was paid just a guaranteed purse of £9,000 as an appearance fee for the clash with Vargas. Mercifully, that sum rose to more than £50,000 due to him winning, finishing his opponent, and also bagging the 'Performance of the Night' honour. He's since signed a new UFC contract, with meagre pay days now seemingly a thing of the past. JUST IN: Conor McGregor's manager lays into Floyd Mayweather and provides rematch update With an 18-3 MMA record following his sting in Cage Warriors, Pimblett's rise through the ranks is earning him a growing number of endorsement and sponsorship deals. He has a lucrative contract with Barstool Sports, as well as support from the likes of Slick Gorilla, Apex Fightwear, and Arise Media. Conor McGregor told next UFC fight after Nate Diaz lifted lid on Dana White's planNate Diaz reveals UFC's Conor McGregor plan as MMA star sends strong message to Dana WhiteConor McGregor vs Dustin Poirier 4 shut down as Notorious recommended 'car wreck' fight Pimblett, a self-confessed huge Liverpool FC fan, started professional fighting in 2012, when he fought for OMMAC and beat Nathan Thompson. He then joined the Cage Warriors Fighting Championship promotion in 2013, where he won his first fight against Florian Calin. He eventually signed with the UFC in 2021, and another win on Saturday will undoubtedly boost his profile, and net worth, immeasurably. Leavitt, 27, goes in with a 10-1 fight record.