Nick Kyrgios has hit out at officials once again at Wimbledon, after an out call was overruled while he was serving at 5-5 against Stefanos Tsitsipas. The Aussie's x-rated rant for a "new" referee comes after he was slapped with a £8,200 fine for his first-round match in which he called a linesperson a "snitch" an spat towards a spectator. Kyrgios was serving at 5-5 in the first set of his match against the fourth seed when one of his shots was called out but overruled by the umpire. And the world No 40 was quick to hit out at the officials days after he was fined for calling a linesperson a "snitch" in his match against Paul Jubb, where he also claimed the lines people were too "old" to see properly. "It's 5-5 all bro, it's 5-5 all bro. So get a new one, get a new umpire," he ranted. "Bro, you're supposed to make the right call, you don't get credit unless you make the right call. You just say sorry and it's all good? It's f***ing... why don't you just get a new referee? He's got one line to call bro." The 27-year-old was also unhappy that there appeared to be a mistake made in "every match" as he continued his tirade. "Every match there's a mistake, and we just have to deal with it? Every match. Why you scared, why are you hesitating, at 5-5 all?" JUST IN: Swiatek knocked out in huge Wimbledon upset to end 37-match streak  Kyrgios had already been fined for complaining about a lines judge on the centre service line in the first set of his five-set victory over British wildcard Jubb in round one. "Has one person today come to see her speak? Why is she doing that? Not one person in the stadium has come to watch her do anything. I know you've [the umpire] got fans but she's got none. What she just seflishly walks to you in the middle of the game because she's a snitch? Come on now," he ranted to the umpire at the time. And the Aussie was hit with the biggest bill of the tournament so far when the fines list was announced on Thursday as he received a total bill of £8,200 for his conduct in the match, in which he also spat on the floor after winning and later confirmed it was a deliberate act towards a member of the crowd. DON'T MISSDe Minaur would have 'given up' Wimbledon court for girlfriend BoulterHeather Watson suffers injury scare ahead ahead of Wimbledon clashWimbledon star Alex de Minaur booed after knocking out second Brit   The former quarter-finalist at SW19 was asked if he spat at the end of the match in his press conference on Tuesday and said: "Of one of the people disrespecting me? Yes." When probed if it was deliberate, Kyrgios confirmed: "Yes. I would not be doing that to someone who was supporting me." And after his outburst against Tsitsipas, he went on to lose the first set in a tiebreak 7-6(2).