Kim Fox (played by Tameka Empson) was struggling with her emotions after learning Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) had feelings for her. However, the EastEnders character recently decided to give romance a go after sharing a kiss with him. Kim initially wanted to go slow but could be left heartbroken in upcoming scenes if Howie discovers the truth about a painful injury.  Determined to move forward with her life, Kim recently leaned in and kissed Howie. Although it appeared as if the mum-of-two could finally get a shot at romance, Kim started to panic. She told Denise Fox (Diane Parish) she was not sure she'd be able to love again after Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood). The concerned sister offered some valuable advice to Kim who was left confused over what to do. READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan  The Kimfluencer decided she wanted to give Howie another try and BBC soap spoilers have revealed she asks him to move back to his place as she doesn't want to rush into anything too serious. EastEnders fans will remember he moved in with Kim after she caused him to break his foot. However, Kim is set to have a change of heart and instead of telling Howie she wants him to stay, she deliberately re-injures him so can't leave. Later on, Kim starts feeling guilty about how she has purposely injured Howie as she knows it was a vindictive move.   So she attempts to make things up to him for breaking his toe and cooks a tasty meal for him. Will the pair get back on track or will it all end in tears for Kim? How would Howie feel if he realised Kim had broken his toe on purpose? He would most likely call things off with her after realising she is capable of physically hurting him and lying about it. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Mitch Baker's dark past exposed [LATEST]EastEnders star Mona Hammond dies aged 91 [UPDATE]EastEnders theory: Jean in fresh heartbreak as Harvey rejects her [THEORY] Kim's bound to be left heartbroken if Howie cuts ties with her just as her feelings for him start growing stronger. Will she just stay quiet and hope he never finds out the truth? Kim recently appointed herself as Howie's manager and has been trying to secure him jobs by making him perform as a grime artist. She managed to encourage Howie to perform at Lily Slater’s (Lillia Turner) birthday party.  So Kim would lose Howie as both a client and a lover if her dark secret is exposed. Losing Howie could send Kim on a downwards spiral and it might take her a long time to pick herself up again. Will she own up to her mistakes once Howie has recovered and tries to leave her home again? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm. 