Paul Hollywood has told how his affair with his American co-star was "the biggest mistake of his life" in an unearthed interview. The Great British Bake Off judge, 56, split from his wife Alexandra Hollywood in 2019 after 15 years of marriage. It came after news that Paul had had an affair with The American Baking Competition co-judge, Marcela Valladolid, 44. Speaking in the interview, Paul explained how he truly felt he deserved to suffer the consequences for his actions. However, the Bake Off host pleaded for privacy as he attempted to work things over with Alexandra. Paul admitted to the affair in an honest interview with former Radio 5 Live presenter Richard Bacon in 2013. READ MORE: Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' The Bake Off star addressed his relationship after he and Marcela were spotted in pictures. Paul admitted: “I did have an affair in America with my co-judge and it was something which was the biggest mistake of my life, because actually I still love my wife." He added that he and Alexandra were "working" to get their marriage back on track. The star explained: “I’m in that point at the moment where we’re talking and we are working to get back together again, but it’s going to take time. “What I did was wrong but I think now we just need that space.” Paul and Alexandra originally separated in 2013, before reconciling and then finally splitting in 2017. Their divorce was finalized in 2019. Since that time, Alexandra has accused the Bake-off star of having more affairs while married. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton flashes legs in transformation after split [INSIGHT]Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [UPDATE] It came in the form of a bombshell Instagram valentine’s day post this year. Addressing her 19,000 followers, Alex wrote: "It’s taken me a while to get here and it hasn’t been easy, but I love the woman I am now. “I know only too well that not every marriage/partnership is a recipe for happiness and success. “My own marriage was too over seasoned with extra marital affairs for my taste and so I opted out and chose the single menu instead. It wasn’t easy and it took some getting used to. “I wasn’t even sure I liked it much at first, but as I regained my confidence, my freedom and myself after so long, I discovered that it really isn’t a cliché to say happiness really does comes from within.” Alex said she was more than happy with living the single life and says she has dismissed offers of entering into a relationship. She added: "I still get the occasional well-meaning comment — that I’ll get ‘snapped up soon’ rather like a supermarket meal deal. People don’t like to believe that a woman can be happier single.” In August 2019, Paul split from 23-year-old girlfriend Summer Monteys-Fullam, ending a two-year relationship. Express.co.uk have repeatedly contacted Paul Hollywood's representatives for comment. Paul Hollywood Eats Mexico is on at 9pm on Channel 4 tonight.