Olivia is best known for playing the troubled Dawn Taylor on Emmerdale, the daughter of Will Taylor (played by Dean Andrews) and the wife of Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle). The character has been front and centre of the show since she first arrived in 2018 as the long-lost daughter figure of Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) but most recently, she found herself in danger from the ITV soap villain, Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). Despite being out through the motions over the last four years, it seems the actress has not aged a day since joining the cast. In terms of the character Olivia plays, the actress portrays someone who is 27 years old, having been born in the year 1995. Unfortunately, an exact year when the soap star was born has not been reported but she could be around the same age as her alter-ego. The only thing known about Olivia's birthday is it is celebrated on December 6 each year, meaning there are still a few months until she marks the occasion this year. Although she is active on social media platforms such as Instagram, it seems the actress likes to keep what she does in her private life hidden from the public. This includes how and who she celebrates her birthday with as there is no evidence of what she has done over the past couple of years. READ MORE: ITV shuts down X Factor reboot claims as revival reports emerge It seems the actress would have started playing the troubled character of Dawn when she was in her mid-20s and this is when her career on the small screen started. There is no indication of the soap star having starred in anything else before 2018, with her role on the show being her biggest job to date. Despite there being limited knowledge about the actress's life away from the camera, she has spoken about what she gets up to when she's not working. This has included telling people she is part of a band, which she seems to have become a part of when she was younger. Discussing whether she had collaborated with the man who plays Will, Dean, Olivia said: "I suppose we’re like the Von Trapps." "He’s a fantastic singer. We have an Emmerdale band that various cast members sing in, but because of Covid we haven’t been able to do any gigs," she added. On what life is like for her once she steps out of character, Olivia explained: "The soap has been life for the last few months, to be honest. "I’m usually based in London, but I’ve been spending a lot of time up north working, so I’ve been able to see my family a lot, which has been nice," she told The Mirror. It seems fans are still curious to know more about the soap star as she does get spotted out in public often by viewers. With regards to the Meena storyline, Olivia explained: "The hatred towards Meena is intense!" DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT]Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS] "In the supermarket, some people stop me and say, 'Watch out for that Meena.' I’ve also had so many people say they’re rooting for Billy and Dawn, which I didn’t expect," she said. "They’ve had a rocky road," the actress continued and it seems the drama isn't going to die down for the character just yet. This week's episodes saw her and Billy talking about their future now the drama with Meena seems to be behind them for now. With the conversation turning to having more children together, it seems the pair are on very different pages as Dawn is not sure whether she ever wants to have any more. Unfortunately, this could have a huge impact on her marriage as it seems her husband would like a biological child of his own. Despite not sharing too much about her life with the public, fans have been allowed to delve into Olivia's past in an interview she gave with Fabulous magazine. When talking about her earliest memory, the soap star said: "I lived in Japan until I was three because my parents worked there. "And I remember being on the floor of our tiny house," she explained, telling the publication she also likes to listen to podcasts or the radio to relax. When it came to talking about what she thought the lockdown from the pandemic would provide people with, she commented: "I think it made people appreciative of their connection with others. "And I hope some environmental good will come out of it, too," she remarked, showing environmental issues are close to her heart. Addressing her best and worst qualities was another question she was asked, with Olivia stating: "I’m an empathetic person. "So people come to me with their problems, but I can also be indecisive about everything, from what I’m having for lunch to something major." In terms of her greatest achievement in her 30 years of life, the soap star added: "Managing to earn a living from being a creative. "Which is not something I thought would be possible." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.