Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been married for four years but in recent public appearances, Jesús Enrique Rosas, aka the Body Language Guy on YouTube has suggested the Duchess of Sussex has displayed more motherly behaviour instead of a spouse when it comes to the Duke. Since moving to California, Prince Harry has been regularly playing polo on a weekend. Keen to support her husband from the sidelines, Meghan has also been photographed accompanying him to the matches. And it was after one match that Jesús believes Meghan is behaving more like a mother than a wife to Harry. Having won the league, Harry and his teammates stepped onto the stage to receive the trophy. Meghan congratulated each of them before her husband leaned in for a very public kiss. READ MORE: Prince Harry demands to NOT be featured on Crown She then nestled herself into the middle of the group for photographs. Following this, a bystander videoed Meghan and Harry walking on the grass, with Meghan leading her husband and a bodyguard protecting them. Jesús analysed this collection of moments and said: “What we see is Harry’s team celebrating a victory after a polo match at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club - the venue that has been hosting their encounters lately. “The first question that comes to mind is why did Meghan feel the need to be up there [on the stage] with the team? There’s no one else up there beside Nacho [Ignacio Figuera’s] daughter. DON'T MISS...Michael Molsey on the ‘best’ way to achieve rapid weight loss [EXPERT]Number one hairstyle to avoid if you have thin or fine hair [EXCLUSIVE]Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE] “You might remember that Nacho is one of Harry’s long-time friends that has been supporting him so far. “But Meghan’s presence here is invasive, not only with the sharp contrast of how she’s dressed to compare to the team’s uniforms with the background, she’s the only one with huge sunglasses and a hat.” The body language expert suggested: “The most relevant gesture here is when she wipes - what we believe is lipstick - from Harry’s mouth. “I understand she wants to see him nice and tidy, but they have just finished a polo match, and no one will be able to see the lipstick smear from a distance. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes 'raised eyebrows' behind palace walls “What’s more that is not a gesture we have seen Meghan doing to Harry in previous times - it was an outlier gesture that looked motherly,” he claimed. “And it wasn’t the only time Meghan looked like Harry’s mother at that event. “Harry was talking to one of the attendants at the polo match, two things happened here; first Meghan and Harry’s bodyguard gets in the middle of the conversation, and right at the same time, Meghan who is holding his hand, pulls him away from the conversation. “Meghan made Harry break any contact with the person he is talking to,” Jesús opined. “Like a mother telling his son they are ready to go.” The expert said Meghan’s body language suggests she is “dominant” and Harry either mirrors her behaviour or follows. This isn’t the first time Meghan has encouraged Harry to leave. In March 2019, the couple arrived at Westminster Abbey for the Commonwealth Day service. Following the service, Harry engaged in a conversation with a couple of the guests, but Meghan was spotted interrupting him to suggest they head outside. The same thing happened when the couple was in New York last November for the Salute to Freedom Gala. The Duchess was seen again, tapping Harry’s arm and encouraging him to move on from socialising with guests. Jesús Enrique Rosas is a Body Language expert and Persuasion consultant. He has written several books, and conducts masterclasses in body language analysis for Knesix Insitute.