Fans who had turned up at The Oval full of expectation of a red-hot, big-hitting contest between two of the best whiteball teams in the world were instead presented with barely half a game that was done and dusted in 44 overs, with Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan putting together their 18th century partnership to seal the thrashing. After an utterly one-sided contest that made it three defeats out of four for the new England one-day partnership of coach Matthew Mott and captain Jos Buttler, the skipper made it plain how far off the pace his side were. Buttler said: "We were challenged and we've come up well short." "It is a great job when you win, but on days like today it is a tough job and it is hard to take." Bowled out for just 110 in 25.2 overs, England had no answer to the quality provided by India's opening bowlers, with the pitch and questionable shot selection playing their part too. Bumrah was on another level as he took 6-19, his best ODI figures and the best by an India bowler against England, but he was not alone in slicing through the home side. Mohammed Shami was almost as devastating with his slippery skills taking 3-31 on a surface that might have been tailor-made for the India pair. Dealing with the pace and bounce of Bumrah is one thing, but he had the ball swinging a mile too, a hard combination to handle. Bumrah said: "You want to test yourself against the best players and there is no doubting the quality of the England batting line-up, so today was a good day. "It was a day when the ball swung and there was seam movement, so we bowled fuller and it worked." Still, England might have felt they had the players to respond to the challenge after Jonny Bairstow, Joe Root, and Ben Stokes all returned from the Test team with the task of showing just why they are the best batters in the country, regardless of format. Their combined contribution was a total of seven runs as the top order was blown away with three ducks in the first four places and all seven runs going to Bairstow. At 17-4 things looked bleak. Liam Livingstone's response was to walk down the track to Bumrah and be bowled middle and leg stump around his legs for another duck. From 26-5 there really was a mountain for England to climb, but neither Buttler nor Moeen Ali could develop a fightback, with the highest partnership of the innings - 35 - coming from Brydon Carse and DavidWilley.