Chancellor of the Exchequer froze personal allowance – the amount a worker can earn before paying income tax – as part of sweeping tax freezes in 2021, as the Treasury scrambled to get ahead of the looming cost of living crisis. The freeze, due to last until 2026, is adding further woes to Britons slammed by the cost of living crisis, as the number of people paying 40 or 45 percent income tax has risen from 4.25 million to more than 6.1 million in two years. Personal allowance is usually increased each year in order for pay rises to be reflected in real-terms, not swallowed by inflation. But now, with inflation at a 40-year high of 9.1 percent, any pay rises awarded are seeing earners dragged into higher tax brackets as personal allowance fails to meet soaring inflation. According to the latest figures from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), there are now almost two million more higher and additional rate taxpayers in the UK than they were before the tax freeze in 2019, and the number is expected to rise. A statement from HMRC said: “There are a projected 5.5 million higher rate Income Tax payers in tax year 2022 to 2023, which is a 43.9 percent increase compared to 2019 to 2020. “Higher rate Income Tax payers make up a projected 16.2 percent of the overall Income Tax paying population in 2022 to 2023.” This tax increase – sometimes referred to as a “stealth tax” – creates more higher-rate taxpayers and generates more money for the Treasury. Paying this high tax rate used to be reserved for the wealthiest people. But the Treasure said it was forced to take "tough but responsible decisions" to "avoid saddling future generations with more debt" after record levels of borrowing during the pandemic. A spokesperson said: "Maintaining income tax thresholds is a progressive approach. The vast majority of taxpayers will still pay the basic rate and the UK still has the highest personal allowance in the G20.” This comes despite a Conservative Party manifesto pledge of 2019 that said: “We will not raise the rate of income tax, VAT or National Insurance.” Senior members of the party have spoken publicly on the issue. Both Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng and Health Secretary Sajid Javid echoed similar sentiments when speaking to the BBC last month. READ MORE:Fuel protests: Every road in the UK affected by delays today Mr Kwarteng said he wanted to see the issue resolved "as soon as is possible", while Mr Javid said: "I would like to see us do more on tax cuts." However, opposition MPs have been quick to lay blame at the foot of the Tory Government in response to the ongoing crisis. Labour's shadow treasury minister Tulip Siddiq said: “Working people [are] picking up the cheque for [Mr Sunak’s] severe wastefulness while he hikes their taxes in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis. "This Government has played fast and loose with taxpayers' money. Britain deserves a government that respects public money and delivers for people across the country." More bad news on the economic outlook for the UK was delivered by Andrew Bailey, the governor of the Bank of England, at a conference in Portugal. He said: "Unfortunately, there is going to be a further step-up in UK inflation later this year because that is a product of the way the energy price cap interacts with the energy prices we have observed over the last few months," DON'T MISS:China on track for 'contagious crash' within weeks - threat for world [INSIGHT]Rolls-Royce vows to remain British in spite of foreign investment [ANALYSIS]Britons’ early retirement mass exodus puts strain on inflation [REPORT] And: "I think the UK economy is probably weakening rather earlier and somewhat more than others." This was followed by another dire warning from Shevaun Haviland, director-general of the British Chamber of Commerce (BCC) who told a conference that there was very little time left to save the economy. Mr Haviland spoke of the Government and when it should react, saying: "Until the Autumn budget to reset, rethink and get their house in order.” Mr Bailey also spoke about the possibility of interest rates rising in the UK in the future by half a percentage point in order to try to curb inflation. He said: "There will be circumstances in which we will have to do more [on rates]," he said. "We're not there yet in terms of the next meeting. We're still a month away, but that's on the table."