Conservative MP Damian Green has called on his party to back Tom Tugendhat for the leadership. In a race which now includes 12 candidates, Mr Green believes Mr Tugendhat will give the party the best opportunity of a "fresh start" after a scandal ridden year under Boris Johnson. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the MP for Ashford explained: "I think he (Mr Tugendhat) offers a clean start. He hasn't been in Cabinet when we have had all these difficulties. He has shown in his life his leadership qualities, and we all know about his career in the army. "He can take tough decisions, and ever since he arrived in Parliament I have been tremendously impressed by him, and I think he would make a great Prime Minister." Mr Tugendhat released his first campaign video today, saying the country needs "seriousness and integrity" in Government. Having previously been a Remainer, he has vowed to "make Brexit work" and has also said he will push on with the controversial policy of deporting asylum seekers to Rwanda. As Mr Johnson's premiership was nearing its end, Mr Tugendhat has been a regular critic of the outgoing Prime Minister. He will have to beat some heavyweights of the Conservative Party if he is to win. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak leads the way with nominations, and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced her leadership bid yesterday. Mr Green concedes there is "a lot of talent" in the race, but nonetheless believes Mr Tugendhat is the best option. He continued: "There's a lot of talented people about, and that's why there are so many candidates. I think for all of the strengths of the other candidates, Tom gives us the chance of a fresh start. "I don't think anybody will run a government like Boris did, so I think the candidates will learn from what went wrong. But I do think it's important to signal that we are making a fresh start, and Tom is in the best position to do that." READ MORE: Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak's Tory leadership bids ALREADY in tatters He also commented on Mr Johnson's bizarre final days in Downing Street. It was reported a group of Cabinet members had to urge Mr Johnson to resign, and the outgoing Prime Minister was extremely reluctant to accept his fate. Mr Green continued: "I think we have come to the right conclusion that, for all his strengths in communication skills, I think the number of scandals were such that he had to go. "I would wish for it to be done in a more dignified way than it was, but it happened the way it did and we need to focus ahead now on electing a new leader." DON'T MISSSturgeon's independence plan slammed: 'Higher prices, higher taxes' [INSIGHT]Who votes for Conservative leader? Voting process explained [ANALYSIS]Next Prime Minister: When will know who is the next PM? [INSIGHT] Mr Johnson has said he won't back any leadership candidates as he "wouldn't want to damage anybody's chances by offering my support". He said: "I'm determined to get on and deliver the mandate that was given to us, but my job is really just to oversee the process in the next few weeks, and I'm sure that the outcome will be good. "We just need to get on... the more we focus on the people, on the people who elect us, on their jobs, their hopes and what they can get out of investment in science and technology. "The more we talk about the future that we're trying to build, the less we talk about politics in Westminster, the generally happier we will all be."