Arsenal technical director Edu is set to break his own summer transfer vow with the signing of Oleksandr Zinchenko. Edu previously stated the Gunners would look to make only "one or two" additions in this window. Arsenal have agreed a fee of £30million with Manchester City to sign Zinchenko. The Ukraine star is set to become the fifth signing of the window for the north London club. Gabriel Jesus and Fabio Vieira at a combined £79m are the two major arrivals so far, with USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and young Brazilian winger Marquinhos brought in to add depth to the squad. Arsenal made six signings last summer, spending almost £150m. Speaking in April this year, Edu hinted that it would be a different scenario this summer. He claimed the Arsenal squad is more balanced now and therefore will not need as many additions. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Arsenal prepare £42m bid, Tottenham deal  Speaking to ESPN Brazil, the former midfielder said: "The budget we used last summer, we prefer to use it to rebalance the squad, there was no point in hiring one or two players. The squad was not prepared to absorb two players, we needed to rebalance the squad. "Maybe next season we can go to one or two players. Today we find a much more balanced squad. “Our planning has already been done, it has already reached the owners. It's a matter of step by step, how we are going to finish the season and to put in plan the planning that I'm very excited about." But it appears Edu and the club have decided against that stance. Arsenal missed out on Champions League qualification on the final day of the season so perhaps the club's hierarchy saw the need for a busy window. DON'T MISSOleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as Gabriel JesusTottenham star Richarlison aims 'punch' at Sevilla player during feisty friendlyLeroy Sane's opinion on Mikel Arteta and Arsenal amid transfer 'rumblings'  Zinchenko's arrival is set to take Arsenal's spending to nearly £120m. The Gunners are still reported to be in the market for a winger. Raphinha was their top target in that position, though his preference was always Barcelona and this week completed that dream move. Speaking on the Que Golazo podcast this week, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano said the Gunners will soon make their move for an unnamed winger. New signing Vieira can play out wide but has told The Athletic he prefers being a No 10. Vieira said: “The manager told me he knows I can play as a midfielder - No 8, No 10 - or on the wing, left side or right side. "They know I am a versatile player. I prefer No 10. It’s my real position." 