  Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker has discussed the “new challenge” he wanted to face when he decided to make the move to Channel 5. However, the journalist also admitted he “missed” his former co-stars, including Carol Kirkwood and Sally Nugent.      Dan, 45, took to his Instagram story a few days ago to answer some questions sent in by his 276,000 followers. The broadcaster was asked: “Do you miss the early morning broadcasting?” Prior to his job at Channel 5, which started last month, Dan co-hosted BBC Breakfast for six years between 2016 and 2022. The presenter replied: “I miss Carol, Sally and the rest of the Breakfast team. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony    “I love them, and the show, to bits,” he continued. “But it was time for a new challenge and I’m really enjoying @C5news.” Above the text, Dan included a picture of himself and Carol hugging. Aside from his roles on BBC Breakfast and Channel 5, Dan has also had a number of prominent gigs in the sports media world.      He was the host of Football Focus from 2009 to 2021 and also held regular reporting gigs for Final Score and Match of the Day. Dan became even more well-known when he joined the cast of Strictly Come Dancing 2021, finishing in fifth place. The star has previously denied reports that he left BBC Breakfast to pocket a larger salary at Channel 5. Following rumours that his move away from the BBC was money motivated, Dan took to Instagram ahead of his new Channel 5 dig to set things straight. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]     He wrote at the time: “It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources’ claim. "In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly. “The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. “They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure,” he concluded.      Dan is now the lead anchor of the channel’s recently re-launched 5pm news bulletin. On the show, he joins Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije who co-presents 5 News, which is produced by ITN. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 5 News airs weeknights at 5pm on Channel 5.   