The Port of Dover has seen massive queues over the last few days with both sides blaming each other for the disruption. While the UK Government blames France for the lack of customs officers at the border to process passports, the French Government blamed the Brexit deal the UK Government has chosen. When asked who is to blame, James Cleverly told Sky News: "I think that Liz (Truss) was absolutely right when she said that the pressures ultimately can be resolved on the French side. It seems that they don't have enough people to man the checks. We have always borders. Anyone that's crossed into France will know that we've always had checks at the border. We're not part of the Schengen area." Sky News' Kay Burley said: "But they’ve been waved through most people with the odd passports being checked. That's not the case anymore." Mr Cleverly said: "And there’s every reason that that could continue. Because as I said, we’ve not been part of the Schengen area, never been part of the passport-free area. "There have always been checks. The fact that there are taking so much longer now is causing these problems. "That can and should be resolved. Liz has been talking with her opposing number about this very issue. READ MORE: Dover travel chaos 'has been going on for decades' "I know Grant Shapps has been speaking with his opposing number in the Transport Department in France. "So, we are working to get this resolved," Mr Cleverly said. "But ultimately, this is something that we need the French authorities to increase the number of people doing those checks." Sky News’ Kay Burley pressed: "So, is it the fault of the French?" Mr Cleverly hit back: "Well, what I want to do, is resolve this issue. Well, I'll tell you what, I'm no lonnger Europe minister. I'm in the education ministry. "But ultimately, I think the priority is to get this resolved and to make sure we don't do anything to make it worse. "And I think the best way of doing that is to do it with our French counterpart rather than getting into a kind of blame game." When pressed on the post-Brexit passport checks, he insisted the UK has never been part of the Schengen zone. Sky News' Kay Burley pressed: "Have you ever driven through that border? Mr Cleverly fired back: "Loads of times." Sky News' Burley hit back: "So you know that you've gone through without your passport being checked." DON'T MISS:Furious coffee shop owner slams Brexit halting EU staff flow [REPORT]French excuses over Dover travel 'mess' dismantled [REPORT]Zoning in on a boost for business after Brexit - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] Mr Cleverly repeated: "We've never been part of the Schengen area. There's always been a necessity for border checks. "How those checks are done should and could be pragmatic because we are no greater risk now than were were when we were a member state of the European Union prior to 2019." The French Transport Minister Clément Beaune, a close ally of French President Emmanuel Macron, has rejected blame for the Dover gridlock, saying in a tweet that "France is not responsible for Brexit." In a devastating blow to Liz Truss' call on France to increase number of customs officer, French MP Pierre-Henri Dumont tweeted: "The British government rejected few months ago a proposal to double the number of passport booths given to the French Police in Dover." The disruption came as most schools in England and Wales broke for the summer holidays. READ NEXT:Folkestone new 'hotspot of holiday hellFurious holidaymakers lash out over Eurotunnel traffic hellBritish holidaymakers told to 'shun' France if they're not welcomeSpeed limiters spark fury among Britons – ‘Not going to assist safety’Brexiteers offer Truss simple way of torpedoing hated EU deal