Experts are expecting some central parts of England to hit a scorching 40C within this time frame, which could cause serious health impacts on the population. The leading forecaster issued a severe warning on Friday, telling the nation that between today and tomorrow historical weather records may be broken. Much of the country was already blanketed by an amber warning - which urged people to potentially reconsider their routines and adapt their working practices accordingly. But the red warning strikes right through the heart of England - heading north from London, covering Hertfordshire, small parts of Kent and Essex, Milton Keynes, Oxford, Cambridgeshire, Peterborough, Leicestershire, Derby, Stoke-on-Trent, Manchester York and Leeds.  It is dubbed a national emergency, with the warning saying: “The hottest locations are likely to be in parts of central and eastern England. This alert will be kept under daily review and updated as necessary.” People are urged to avoid rail travel as there is a high risk of tracks buckling in the heat, along with the extreme UV rays melting tarmac on some roads. The nation is advised to keep out of the sun indefinitely - especially during peak times between 11am and 3pm. But how quickly will temperatures peak? The Met Office's hour-by-hour forecast shows exactly how hot it’s set to get today (July 18) in each area.  For central London, top temperatures are set to hit 36C, with the mercury sitting at 27C before 10am. Between noon and 2pm thermometers will climb from 32C to 34C, hitting 35C at 3pm and peaking for the day at 36C from 4pm. Come the evening, there will be no break from the heat as temperatures slowly descend to 30C - where they will remain until at least 11pm. This forecast is similar for the likes of Hertfordshire and Milton Keynes with the Met Office recording just one degree less for each hour, apart from between 4pm and 5pm when 36C highs are predicted.  READ MORE: Union demands new law on maximum temperature for staff For Birmingham temperatures will increase from 11am - where an already sweltering 27C will be reached. It will then hit the 30C bracket by noon before also peaking at 36C for four hours from 4pm to 7pm. Moving north towards Leicester temperatures will peak at 37C by 5pm - after a day of rising through the ranks from 30C at noon, climbing to 35C by 3pm. Central parts of the country are set to cop it worse, with the likes of York peaking at 34C from 4pm to 7pm. Greater Manchester will sit at 35C between 4pm and 6pm, dropping to 34C by 7pm.  DON'T MISS:Truss fights way back in Tory leader contest with Rishi slapdown [ANALYSIS]Awkward moment Tory leadership candidates fail to back Boris [WATCH] A fake Brexiteer Tory leader WILL lose next election [COMMENT] Overnight will be sweltering as by 11pm Manchester is still set to record 29C highs. Met Office Chief Meteorologist Paul Gundersen, said: “Currently there is a 50 percent chance we could see temperatures top 40°C and 80 percent we will see a new maximum temperature reached. “Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm, especially in urban areas. This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. “Therefore, it is important people plan for the heat and consider changing their routines. This level of heat can have adverse health effects.” 