 The woman posted to Mumsnet, explaining that she had taken her time to browse the Tesco supermarket for essentials, clothes and homeware. While in the supermarket, she spent over £250 and was in the shop for two hours and 10 minutes.  However, she did not realise that the parking limit at the supermarket was only two hours. She wrote: “I’ve just received a sodding parking ticket in the post because apparently the car park has a two-hour limit and I was in there two hours and 10 minutes! “I know they have them to stop people using supermarket car parks as all-day parking but two hours? “It’s pretty easy to spend two hours shopping, and I’d have bought a hell of a lot less if I’d realised I had to be out quicker. READ MORE: 'Mr Loophole' warns of 'carnage' if the UK adopts EU speed limiters  “I know that Tesco subcontract parking to an independent company so no point complaining I guess.” She added that she did not pay attention to the signs or think about what time it was when she went into the shop. The motorist said it had never occurred to her that the parking rules would apply to “genuine shoppers”. Fellow social media users were conflicted over who was to blame for the fine - the driver or Tesco. DON'T MISSLittle-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel [SHOCKING]'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds causes fierce debate [INSIGHT]Petrol and diesel drivers risk daily charges with new Clean Air Zones [WARNING]  One commenter sided with the driver, saying the rules were “so ridiculous”. They added: “Could you possibly appeal the fine by showing the time stamp on your receipt? “Surely they have cameras that can prove the time you entered the car park?” Another suggested that she could go to Tesco directly and appeal the fine in the shop.  They claimed: “Have you tried taking the ticket and receipt into Tesco and asking them to cancel it? “I know you say they don't own the car park, but I've heard of at least two supermarkets on Facebook managing to cancel tickets anyway.” Despite the sympathy from some users, others were critical of the driver for not paying attention to the signs. One user said: “So you knew the rules? Yet still went over your allotted time?  “How can they tell who's genuine and who's just a t*** using the parking space? They have to have the same rules for everyone. “They can't say, ‘oh you spent loads of money so we won't fine you’ rules are rules and if you break them there are consequences. “As an adult you should understand that and move on.” A second commenter added: “The rules are the same regardless of if you’re spending £250 on a big shop, or £3 at the ice cream van three blocks over. “Rules are rules. I’m not saying I agree with this particular rule, but they had all the right in the world to fine you. “And personally, no, I wouldn’t say it’s ‘pretty easy’ to spend 2 hours in one single shop unless you’re trying on lots of clothes. “But then, I don’t go shopping without a list, so maybe I’m not the best person to comment on that.”