Newcastle United are reportedly prepared to make their move for Alexander Isak as long as a compromise can be reached on the price with Real Sociedad. The Magpies currently believe that the fee is too high based on what the Swede achieved last season, but negotiations could soon lead to an opening bid with the player keen on a move to the Premier League. Isak has been linked with a switch to England for some time as Arsenal flirted with the idea of signing him in January. But the Gunners seemingly held similar concerns, with Mikel Arteta and co opting to walk away due to the hefty price tag. Although the proposed fee has now dropped to around the £50million mark, The Daily Mail claim that Newcastle still believe the asking price to be too high. If Real Sociedad are willing to negotiate a compromise on their valuation, Isak's Premier League wish may become a reality before the end of the summer. "One day it would be nice to play in England," Isak told The Independent last year. "They have six or seven of the biggest clubs in the world, it’s a very high level, and of course one day it would be an alternative. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag has three Man Utd stars 'in contention' for captaincy if Harry Maguire axed "Every player wants to be the best version of themselves and reach the highest possible level. I have expectations for myself that I’m trying to fulfil, so we’ll see where the journey takes me in future." If Sociedad stand firm on the overall price tag, some reports claim that Newcastle could explore a deal that would see them pay most of the fee next year. It seems likely that the Magpies will exhaust all avenues before turning their back on the deal for good, with the club's hierarchy 'unanimous' in believing that Isak should top their hit list. DON'T MISS: Chelsea learn salary offer already tabled for Kalidou Koulibaly as deal 'close' The Swedish international stands at a towering 6ft 4in, and has been with Sociedad since 2019 after an underwhelming spell with Borussia Dortmund. He only notched six La Liga goals last term, but caught the eye with 17 the season before that and offers plenty more than just goals. Whether or not the Toon launch a concrete bid for Isak could shape the rest of their summer transfer business. Having already shelled out for Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope, there is not thought to be much left to play with as the club look to operate within financial regulations, despite their virtually limitless resources.  While Isak is believed to be at the very top of their striker shortlist, there are other options in the pipeline as Eddie Howe demands that more goals be added to the squad before pushing to disrupt the Premier League's big hitters next campaign. Armando Broja is thought to be among them, with Chelsea still weighing up whether he has a future in the first-team at Stamford Bridge. Espanyol's Raul de Tomas is also reported to have admirers on Tyneside, although his £60m release clause could complicate matters if the Spanish side are unwilling to negotiate a lower price.