The Queen’s grandson has reportedly handed over the manuscript for his memoir to his publisher. The book is understood to be scheduled for publication later this year – “on course to capitalise on the lucrative Christmas market”, the Guardian reports. But new polling suggests this is unlikely to be a hit with the public. Data company Techne asked 1,645 Britons whether they would “want” to read the Duke’s autobiography. The majority of respondents (46 percent) said “no”, they would not be interested. Not too far behind was the 40 percent who said they would want to read the book. Fourteen percent were not sure – a group that could potentially be persuaded by advertisements further down the line, given that little is yet known about the specific contents of the book. Once source told the Page Six website: “It’s juicy, that’s for sure.” Another added: “There is some content in there that should make his family nervous.” It is, however, also likely that some of those who now say they “want” to read the book will not, when the time comes, actually go out of their way to purchase it. READ MORE: Brexit myth-busters lay bare new UK exports data Techne’s polling suggested that women were more likely to want to read the book (42 percent), than men (37 percent). Perhaps surprisingly, the percentage of people wanting to find out what’s inside the covers increased with age, with 32 percent of 18-34 year-olds saying “yes” compared to 47 percent of those over the age of 64. Almost the opposite trend can be seen in education level, with polling suggesting 35 percent of those with a higher degree would want to read the book compared to 57 percent of those for whom primary education is the highest title. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] There was little difference displayed in the level of interest between those who supported Leave or Remain in the 2016 Brexit referendum, but anticipation for the book did increase as the politics of those polled moved nominally to the right. While 44 percent of those who voted Conservative in 2019 said they did want to read the book, only 33 percent of those who voted Green agreed. The timing of the publication, in the same year as The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, has caused some controversy. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams earlier this year told Express.co.uk that this could help with publicity for the book but is likely to cause further strain within the Royal Family. He said: “The publicity surrounding its launch, while there is still a royal rift, is surely not the way to commemorate a year without precedent in an institution which goes back for over a thousand years.” In the book, Prince Harry will, according to Penguin Random House, “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. Mr Fitzwilliams said there was still “enormous speculation” regarding the contents of the book.