Ronnie Wood's ex-wife Jo Woods has revealed her hopes of having a "real alien" as her next partner. The ex-husband of the Rolling Stones rocker spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her passion for UFO sightings and all things supernatural when she made the confession. Jo said: "I'm fascinated with the whole subject. "I find it so intriguing. I just want to know more. "It would be my dream to see a real alien. Well, you never know one day..." the businesswoman added. Speaking about her love life, Jo suggested: "I might go out with my next boyfriend, he might be a real alien." READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour Following her split from her boyfriend Carl Douglas in 2020, Jo didn't rule out marrying for a third time but said that it's not on her mind at the moment as she's "happy" being single. When asked if would marry again the mother-of-three told how it isn't on the cards for her at the moment. Jo said: "Who knows? I'm quite happy as I am actually. "You know, you never know. You can never say never. "But I'm quite happy as I am," Jo admitted. She added: "I've got my kids around me. I've got lots of friends. I'm good." Elsewhere in the interview, Jo opened up about her fascination with UFOs, revealing that she and her husband at the time, Rolling Stones rocker Ronnie, spotted a supernatural occurrence while on holiday with their children. Jo said: "It was the night before we were leaving, and I was packing all the kids clothes. DON'T MISS... Cliff Richard, 81, sparks frenzy in outlandish outfit at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant looks serious at Wimbledon as fans call for him to be PM [ANALYSIS]Holly Willoughby, 41, looks radiant as she wows in tight-fitting dress [UPDATE] "And Ronnie was out there and he started chatting, saying 'Jo quick get out here, there's something weird in the sky.' "So I went outside to see what was going on. "And there was this thing hanging over the sea," she explained. Jo went on: "It was big and it looked and it had light. "It was at night, but you could see the lights coming up from underneath it onto the sea. "[Ronnie] said, 'What the hell is that?' While he ran in to get his glasses, [the UFO] lifted out, went off to the right. "And then shot across the sky," she said.