Prince George made his Wimbledon debut this afternoon as he arrived Men’s Singles final today. Footage from Wimbledon showed the moment the eight-year-old royal hugged his dad Prince William, who was waiting for both George and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, to arrive. William can be heard asking if George "is okay" after the trip to south London. George can be heard complaining that he was "too hot" as temperatures sky-rocketed across the country. All England Club's chairman, Ian Hewitt, can then be heard saying that the Cambridges "will be fine". Kate responds by saying that they are "usually in the shade" when they watch matches. William remarks that he arrived early, as Mr Hewitt remarks about the "traffic on a Sunday". JUST IN: Prince George backs Djokovic with a grin as he greets Wimbledon staff  Prior to this interaction, Kate was seen guiding George through meeting staff at Wimbledon. Introducing George to Mr Hewitt, Kate can be heard saying: “Ian is in charge of everything here George.” "He makes sure everything runs to plan." The Duchess looked effortlessly chic with her brown hair down, donning a navy polka-dot dress with ruched sleeve detail for the occasion.  She walked towards Centre Court alongside William, who looked smart in a beige jacket with pale blue shirt and complementary blue tie. It marks the first time that George has joined his parents in the Royal Box, as they watch Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios battle it out on Centre Court. Kate is expected to present the winning and runner-up trophies following the match, after she handed the Venus Rosewater Dish to Elena Rybakina on Saturday. DON'T MISS: David Davis lets slip Liz Truss about to enter leadership race [VIDEO]Sajid Javid admits Scottish independence vote can't be put off forever [INTERVIEW]Rees-Mogg tests Brexiteer credentials of candidates with single demand [VIDEO]  The Duke and Duchess have attended a number of this year’s Wimbledon matches, including Tuesday’s quarter-final contest between Mr Djokovic and Italy’s Jannik Sinner. They also watched Britain’s Cameron Norrie beat Belgium’s David Goffin Kate is patron of the Lawn Tennis Association and a regular fixture at Wimbledon. Viewers online compared George's first appearance at Wimbledon today to William's debut in 1991 when he joined his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales for the Ladies Final. It is thought that George is a big tennis fan and met with Roger Federer, back in 2019, when the Swiss player visited the Cambridges at their Norfolk residence. READ NEXT: Kate Middleton perfect in polkadots for Wimbledon final - picturesKate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite begging to goPrince George backs Djokovic with a grin as he greets Wimbledon staffKate dazzles and she and William bring Prince George to WimbledonKate and William's wedding was one of 'highest pressure' moments 