Protein is a key micronutrient that is essential for muscle growth and repair of body tissues and healthy muscles and bones. It is an important part of any diet, and a high-protein diet is associated with multiple health benefits such as aiding weight loss and increased energy levels. High protein foods include: Lean meats – chicken, beef, lamb Fish and seafood Dairy products But while protein is "critical" for people's health, market leaders of nutritionally complete food yfood, found that over six million Britons don't know where to get their essential nutrients. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake In a recent study, they found that the nation's energy levels now at the "lowest they have ever been". Experts insisted that incorporating protein into people's daily diets may be a "steadfast solution" to tackling the collective domestic lethargy. With this in mind, yfood have highlighted some of the ways people can ensure they get the most out of their daily protein intake. A report published by the Cell Reports in 2021 found that the best time to consume protein is in the morning, after a person wakes up. DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Nutrition coach and personal trainer Sam Bowers agreed: "By adding protein to your breakfast it'll provide a more steady, prolonged energy boost," he said. "You can also add healthy carbohydrates and fats and together it can regulate your blood sugar. "Some carbohydrates including those without fibre, will spike your blood sugar and when that happens you can feel slightly groggy or sluggish once the spike crashes. "Protein doesn’t significantly affect blood sugar levels, so consuming it won’t spike your blood sugar and lead to energy crashes afterward." He added that protein will help stabilise blood sugar when eating a high-carb breakfast like a bowl of cereal. "Protein takes longer to break down in your digestive system, potentially slowing the release of sugars into your bloodstream," he explained. "This effect could improve your energy levels with a constant stream of energy." And eating protein this early on was found to maximise muscle growth. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Nutrition coach and personal trainer Sam Bowers agreed: "By adding protein to your breakfast it'll provide a more steady, prolonged energy boost," he said. "You can also add healthy carbohydrates and fats and together it can regulate your blood sugar. "Some carbohydrates including those without fibre, will spike your blood sugar and when that happens you can feel slightly groggy or sluggish once the spike crashes. "Protein doesn’t significantly affect blood sugar levels, so consuming it won’t spike your blood sugar and lead to energy crashes afterward." He added that protein will help stabilise blood sugar when eating a high-carb breakfast like a bowl of cereal. "Protein takes longer to break down in your digestive system, potentially slowing the release of sugars into your bloodstream," he explained. "This effect could improve your energy levels with a constant stream of energy." And eating protein this early on was found to maximise muscle growth.  The Cell Report also stated: "Eating or drinking protein between 5am-10am is the optimum time to improve muscle function." By consuming three large eggs in the morning, it is the equivalent to almost 20g of high-quality protein. Not only that, but they are low in calories and price, while constituting a rich supply of key vitamins and minerals. Dietician Lauren Manaker explained how consume a protein-laden egg breakfast can benefit a person.  "They're a classic breakfast food for good reason - eggs are an economical and nutritious choice that gives breakfast a natural boost of nutrients," she said. "What's more, eggs help promote satiety and the data show that energy intake following an egg breakfast is significantly less versus consuming a non-egg breakfast." yfood suggests considering a protein shake or protein smoothy for a first meal, for those who don't prefer a hearty breakfast. It has been well documented that drinking a protein-rich drink in the morning aids digestion, supports muscle growth and is time-efficient. 