Cristiano Ronaldo may want to leave Manchester United, but his best option could be to stay at Old Trafford this season. That is despite Atletico Madrid emerging as a potential suitor as they look to boune back from their own disappointing season. According to The Times, Atletico are preparing to make a move for the Portuguese superstar. First, they will need to cut down their wage bill, but boss Diego Simeone is keen to add Ronaldo to his squad. Ronaldo is also thought to view a move to Atletico favourably, with a desire to return to a city where he set so many records. But making such a move would go against strong advice that Ronaldo received earlier this year. Former Liverpool hero John Barnes stated his belief that Ronaldo's best option would be to stay at United. He insisted that there were no clubs interested who would present a better situation than the Red Devils. READ MORE: Xavi's latest cunning tactic may force De Jong closer to Man Utd move "Cristiano Ronaldo has to do whatever he feels is right for him this summer, whether it’s staying at Manchester United or leaving. It’s also going to be a question of what United want to do, will they even want to keep him?" Barnes told BonusCodeBets in May. "He’s not going to go to a side that’s better than Manchester United, even if they were in the Champions League. He may want to go to America, but that’s up to him. He’s been fantastic over the years, one of the best ever to play. It’s just a question of whether he thinks he has enough to offer. He won’t go to Real Madrid, Barcelona, or Manchester City." DON'T MISS: Manchester United 'to seek Cristiano Ronaldo clarification' (NEWS)Ronaldo's reasons for wanting to quit Man Utd for Atletico Madrid (INSIGHT)Man Utd 'prepared to sanction Cristiano Ronaldo loan' in counter-offer (TRANSFERS) Ronaldo's options have been rapidly depleting for most of the summer, with Chelsea and Atletico now looking like his only two options. Bayern Munich, Juventus and Real Madrid have all already ruled themselves out of moves. While Chelsea and Atletico do both offer Champions League football and the chance of fighting for a title, Ronaldo would have hoped for stronger interest. That may mean that Barnes is right and his best option is to remain in Manchester.