However, there are multiple other vulnerable demographics which are entitled to the freebie benefit. In England, entitlement to the free bus pass is linked to the country’s state pension age, which is 66. This age threshold is set to be raised to 67 in the coming years which means people will have to wait longer for the concession. Furthermore, another hike to the age threshold is expected sometime before 2048 at the latest. These changes are based on the Government’s expectations regarding life expectancy in the UK. It should be noted that these estimates are subject to changes in the wider world so the state pension age may be raised at different dates than expected. However, someone still waiting for their free bus pass may be able to get it if they qualify as a member of another eligible group. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Outside of pensioners, there are various other groups which are entitled to a free bus pass in the UK. This includes those who cannot walk long distances due to a disability, injury or illness and people diagnosed as blind, partially sighted, deaf or unable to speak. Furthermore, anyone who does not have arms or is unable to use their arms is entitled to free bus travel. If someone is diagnosed as having a learning disability which is considered severe they can also get the discount. Those who are claiming Universal Credit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) may be able get 50 percent off their travel while looking for work. Anyone who has been refused a driving licence due to their poor health could also be eligible for travel discounts. It should be noted that rules regarding the older person's bus pass differ depending on which country in the UK someone lives in. For example, while the benefit is linked to the state pension age in England, it is made available to over 60s in Scotland. This is also the same for over 60s who are residents in Wales and Northern Ireland. Recently, the Scottish Government launched a new scheme to have under 22s in the country get free bus travel. The discount is accessible to children and young people with a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. Over 2.3 million people in Scotland alone are now eligible for discounted or free bus travel, according to the devolved Government. On this move, Jenny Gilruth, the Scottish Government’s Minister for Transport, said: “Extending free bus travel will make public transport more affordable, and help give many young people wider access to more education, leisure, and work opportunities.” Age UK is one of the organisations providing advice to older people who are still waiting for their free bus pass. On its website, the charity stated: “It can also be worth contacting individual transport operators to see if they offer discounts. “For example, National Express offers Coachcards to older or disabled customers, which cost £12.50 and save you a third on your travel across the year.”