Manchester United have been urged to move on from Frenkie de Jong and instead pursue an alternative signing. Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara claims United have been embarrassed by their attempts to sign the Barcelona midfielder. De Jong is the Red Devils' top midfield target this summer and has been linked throughout the window. A fee has been agreed with Barca for some time for the 25-year-old. However, De Jong is happy at Barca and is determined to stay at the club beyond this window. He is also owed £17million in wages by Barca and would not leave until that is paid, but the La Liga club have been reluctant to do that so far. O'Hara says United must attempt to save any dignity they have remaining from their chase for De Jong. He claims there are plenty of other midfielders who could fit the bill for Erik ten Hag. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offer De Jong £110m deal, Atletico £36m Ronaldo plan  O'Hara told Sky Sports News: "Move on, move on. It's been a joke. It's almost embarrassing now that they're still trying to pursue it. "If it hasn't happened now, it's not going to happen. This is Manchester United we're talking about, one of the biggest clubs in the world. "I know they don't have the biggest pull anymore because of the way the club's gone, but if the player's still turning around saying 'I don't want to leave, I want to stay at Barcelona', they're messing around trying to sort the wages that he's owed, just move on from him. DON'T MISSArsenal's three 'unhappy' players' impact on training amid summer wishesArsenal star Vieira 'suffered fracture' as Tomiyasu and Tierney updates givenFerguson arrives at Carrington ahead of Ronaldo showdown Man Utd talks  "There's plenty of other top-class players out there that you can sign and you don't want a player ending up coming to the football club almost against his will, in a way. That doesn't sit right with me." O'Hara understands United are not in the position they once were to attract the world's best players to the club. However, he says they should look elsewhere earlier if it is clear a target does not want to join. He added: "If Manchester United phoned me when I was in my prime, and a lot of players would say the same, you're on the plane, next day 'I'm going to Manchester United'. Now, if a player's saying 'no I don't want to go', then alright see you later then, we'll get someone else."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt