Cristiano Ronaldo would jump at the chance to swap Manchester United for Liverpool if the Merseyside giants were interested in a move for his services, according to former Premier League striker Gabriel Agbonlahor. Ronaldo is thought to be desperate to leave United before the new season gets underway in order to join a club that will be playing in the Champions League and reportedly underlined his stance during showdown talks with Erik ten Hag earlier this week. A number of Europe's biggest clubs have been linked with Ronaldo over the course of this summer, including the likes of Bayern Munich, Atletico Madrid and Barcelona. Agbonlahor believes that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner would not hesitate to join one of United's rivals if the opportunity arises in the near future, with the former Aston Villa forward suggesting that he would even be keen on signing for Liverpool in spite of his legendary status at Old Trafford."Cristiano Ronaldo would join Liverpool this summer, if he could," Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. "They are big rivals of Man United but it’s about Ronaldo."He will go anywhere he can still play Champions League football, add to his record and win titles. I don’t think Ronaldo has any loyalty to United, Real Madrid or Juventus." JUST IN: Red Bull Salzburg demand £1bn cash and two assets for Benjamin Sesko Ronaldo missed United's pre-season tour of Australia due to personal reasons but returned to their training complex at Carrington on Monday for crunch talks with Ten Hag and the club's hierarchy. He is understood to have remained firm in his desire to seek out a new challenge over the coming weeks and has reportedly asked United to rip up his contract, which is set to expire next summer as things stand.However, the Red Devils are adamant that he will not be allowed to leave and have even considered the possibility of extending his current deal by another year, in which case Ronaldo would be shipped out on loan. Ten Hag has repeatedly insisted that he is planning on using the Portuguese forward over the course of the new campaign in spite of the ongoing uncertainty around his immediate future. "We are planning for Cristiano Ronaldo in the season and that's it, I'm looking forward to working with him," the United boss told reporters earlier this month."I have read [rumours], but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale, he is in our plans and we want success together. I spoke with him before this issue came up, I had a conversation with him and I had a good talk. That is between Cristiano and me, what I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here