William and Kate are reportedly keen on moving into Adelaide Cottage on the Queen's 665-acre estate so he can be closer to his grandmother as he assumes more royal duties as the Monarch steps back from public life. It is understood the Cambridges will move into their new home this summer. An unnamed source said: "The whole family [is] extremely excited to be moving to Windsor, not just because it will bring them closer to [Queen Elizabeth II] but it’s a perfect happy medium that brings them closer to London than if they chose to settle full time in Berkshire or Amner Hall." Amner Hall is the Cambridges' Georgian country house retreat where the family is understood to feel most at home. The source added: "By being in Windsor, they’re only 20 miles from central London and Buckingham Palace and it's a beautiful environment that's steeped in history and such a special location to call home." William and Kate's move from Kensington Palace to Windsor comes after the Queen took up full-time residence at Windsor Castle earlier this year.  The source told Us Weekly the Cambridges will enjoy spending more time with the Sovereign, who celebrated her Platinum Jubilee in June. They said: "George will get plenty more time with Her Majesty as will the whole Cambridge family and that’s going to be such a treat. "They’ll soak up as much knowledge as they can for the future and begin the adaptation period that will ultimately result in Dad then son becoming King." Another royal insider previously told the Daily Mail the relocation is because William wants to be closer to the Queen as he continues taking on extra royal duties.  READ MORE ABOUT A MADELEINE MCCANN SUSPECT BEING EXAMINED  The second insider said: "It's one of the things that has hastened their move to Berkshire this summer. "Losing the Duke of Edinburgh has a left a big hole in all their lives. "He was a great counsel to William and he feels very protective of his grandmother." The insider added that as a central figure in the royal family, William is always checking in with her to make sure she understands why things are happening in a certain way.  DON'T MISS: Elizabeth line facing disaster as massive '£275M bailout likely need' [REVEALED] Police and fire service swarm riverside as body found in water [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan given nickname by California neighbours [LATEST]  This is reportedly not least because he and Kate "want to do something different to the traditional model". Another source told The Sun the family is keen for a "modest home" with Grade II*-listed Adelaide Cottage fitting the bill.  They said the Duke and Duchess were adamant they did not want anything too showy or in need of renovation or extra security so as not to burden taxpayers. Katie Nicholl told OK! magazine: "The Cambridge family will be experiencing a significant amount of changes in the coming weeks. "As well as moving to Windsor, George, Charlotte and Louis are all set to enrol at brand new schools, which is understandably a daunting concept."  "But they’re a very adaptable family so I’m sure they’ll welcome any and all new opportunities. "Windsor is a place that the children are already familiar with, so it’s likely they’ll adjust very quickly." 