Yellowstone Rip Wheeler actor shared his industry advice with Young Rip during the actor's prep course ahead of filming. Nicknamed "Cowboy Camp", the cast come together in Texas to get into character. Actor Cole Hauser plays Rip Wheeler in the historic Western drama and during prep camp before filming started, he offered his mini-me some words of advice. Explaining he has an almost out-of-body experience when acting out the iconic character, he told the young performer to just be. Acknowledging his ability to play in the moment rather than over-think, he revealed he applied this attitude to his work on the Yellowstone set. Encouraging the younger actor, he urged him to step into the role fully while the pair were in Texan "Cowboy Camp". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin When questioned for advice by Kyle Red Silverstein, Cole told him to get out of his head. He said: "Young Rip was at cowboy camp in Texas with us and he was asking me for advice. "I said I don't really look at myself all the time in what I'm doing. "I'm just being when I'm on screen and Luke (Grimes) just chimed in and said 'just take up space kid'." Acting as John Dutton's secret weapon for the first three seasons, Rip Wheeler is a ranch hand on the family property. Despite not being blood related to the family, so far there hasn't been anything the character isn't willing to do to save the Dutton Ranch. The first series offered up a flashback that explains how the ranch hand ended up in Montana. In 1997, Young Rip appears on screens bloody and unconscious, waking up to find his brother dead and his father beating his mother. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone's Lloyd star pays sweet tribute to co-star as they reunite [TRIBUTE]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth to take down Caroline Warner [THEORY]1883’s Faith Hill admits feeling ‘intimidated’ by Yellowstone co-star [INSIGHT] Growing up on a pig farm, he managed to save himself from his violent father by cracking the man's skill open with a frying pan. Discovered sleeping in a hayloft, John Dutton was called by the sheriff to investigate and ended up taking the young boy in. Taking a chance on the misunderstood teenager he offered him a job at the Yellowstone ranch, explaining his unwavering loyalty to the family. Rip's arrival at the ranch also sparked a new romance between Cole's character and John's daughter Beth that continued into their adulthood. Adored by fans, Rip is one of the show's most popular characters. One fan took to the show's official Instagram page to leave a message of support for the ranch hand.’ It read: "Certainly the epitome of loyalty to those he calls family and devotion to the woman he loves. "As much as I love the banter between Rip and Beth, I love the dynamic between Rip and Jimmy. There is something so heartwarming, but heartbreaking as well.” Watch Yellowstone season 4 on Paramount+.