The fixed sign of Leo doesn’t tend to be a force for personal changes. However, it is the perfect time to get stuck into any creative projects as thinking outside of the box will come naturally to you - but watch out for this Moon transit’s passionate energy spurring urges to overreact. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 1. A Leo Moon is warm, vibrant and prideful, which can help keep us from negativity and pettiness. However, Cafe Astrology said: “It can also prevent us from opening up and revealing how we are truly feeling. “We are on stage, our feelings are grand, and we appreciate some drama in our lives.” “This is a time when we seek attention – when we want to stand out for our special qualities”.  READ MORE: Virgin Orbit to blast top secret MoD mission with US into space  During this transit, minor things can spark sensitivity and if something seems disingenuous, you might react slightly more aggressively than usual. Represented by the lion with a tough exterior, it’s important not to let the greater sense of pride get too dented - rejection is very rarely personal. The Leo Moon’s shadow side highlights the rejected, distorted, misunderstood, or suppressed aspects of self. The Moon School said: “Healing and reclaiming these shadow fragments is a very necessary practice on the spiritual path.  “Under every Leo Moon, you’ll get the opportunity - if you want it - to dive into your unconscious, and seek these pieces out.” In the morning, the Sun and Saturn will form a sesquiquadrate, which might make you more aware - or frustrated by - your limitations. Although the energies from this planetary alignment will help to close up or narrow your focus on what you want to achieve, it can also make you feel more confined and restricted in regard to plans, goals, and self-expression. This energy will only be exacerbated by tonight’s Mars and Pluto square, where heightened cravings for “control over events, relationships or circumstances”, may take over and frustration might come if there happens to be any indication this can’t be met.  DON'T MISS: Solar activity is causing satellites to ‘sink’ back towards Earth [INSIGHT]Can you plant wild flowers with fruit and veg? ‘Hugely beneficial’ [ANALYSIS]NASA Moon return: The British brains building 'most important part' [EXPLAINED]    However, Cafe Astrology said: “Attempts to gain control or power tend to be fruitless. “This square can stir intense desires that may not easily be satisfied, and there may be arguments, standstills, and power games.” During this period, it would be more beneficial to take a step back, observe, and learn from any strong feelings that might arise through confrontations and conflicts. Cafe Astrology said: “We should try to remain flexible, perhaps devising strategies for achieving our goals rather than attempting to push them through at all costs.” Avoid ruthlessness, underhanded tactics and suspicion during this transit and instead, try to welcome ideas and criticisms with an open mind. 