The latest figures from the DWP show that at the end of April 2022, there were 6,120 people across the UK eligible for a cash boost via Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Thousands of claimants have been able to receive financial support of between £24.45 and £156.90 each week and as the benefit is paid every four weeks, this amounts to between £97.80 and £627.60 every month. PIP is claimed by nearly three million people in the UK with just over one in three claimants (35 percent ) receiving the highest level of award. PIP can help with extra living costs if someone has both a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability and difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around because of their conditions. It was introduced in 2013 to replace the Disability Living Allowance and could mean an extra £627 a month. There are two parts to PIP, a daily living part - if someone needs help with everyday tasks and a mobility part - if someone needs help with getting around.  READ MORE: NatWest issues warning after victim loses £370K in scam - 'Becoming increasingly common' The DWP will assess how difficult people find daily living and mobility tasks. The daily living component is for people who need extra help completing everyday tasks. This can include preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. The mobility component is for people who need extra help getting around including things like planning a journey or following a route.  READ MORE: State pensioners could claim an extra £370 a month via DWP benefit - are you eligible?   For each task they’ll look at: Successful claimants will be paid the following amounts per week depending on their circumstances:Daily living Mobility Claimants need to be over 16 and under state pension age to apply. To apply people need to have lived in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the last three years. To make a new claim, Britons can contact the DWP or go to their website for more information. Massive changes are coming for those in receipt of PIP in Scotland. PIP in Scotland is being replaced an alternative payment. PIP is administered by the DWP, however those who claim it in Scotland will start to receive Adult Disability Payment. This support will be managed by Social Security Scotland, the Scottish Government's DWP equivalent.