Oleksandr Usyk could well be luring rival Anthony Joshua into a trap ahead of their upcoming rematch in Saudi Arabia, after the resurfacing of a comment from the Ukrainian. Joshua will be gunning for revenge after losing to Usyk in September of last year. In doing so the Englishman lost all four of his heavyweight titles, and will be keen to defeat his rival to regain his WBA, IBF, WBO (super) belts. In order to defeat the Ukrainian star, Joshua has been encouraged by many to be ‘more aggressive’ in the ring, being the much bigger fighter. Joshua himself has looked to take this approach by making changes to his coaching team ahead of the Middle Eastern bout. One man who has encouraged this added aggression is former boxer Carl Froch, who told Boxing Social: “Everyone’s already said it, but he’s the bigger stronger man so if he can use those attributes he can get the win. “The first thing he needs to do before he gets in that ring is get his head sorted out. I don’t think he should have left Rob McCracken but this change might do him good because it might just reignite something and get him thinking differently – get him a little bit more aggressive. JUST IN: Anthony Joshua fired warning as Oleksandr Uysk 'finish' claim made ahead of Saudi showdown  “He needs to get his head right and start to believe in himself, otherwise it’s going to go wrong for him.” This aggressive and attacking strategy however could well work into the hands of his opponent Usyk, who has seemingly encouraged the Englishman to listen to the advice. When asked about Joshua’s plan to come out and apply more pressure and box more aggressively in their bout next month, the Ukrainian simply answered: “Let him hear the people more.” Despite Usyk’s confidence, AJ’s new trainer Robert Garcia has sent a strong warning, claiming his man is thinking about ‘hurting’ his Ukrainian rival. DON'T MISSMike Tyson worryingly predicts he's going to die 'really soon' in alarming commentsTyson Fury sends Anthony Joshua and Eddie Hearn new message - 'I'll sign contracts today'Anthony Joshua torn apart ahead of Oleksandr Usyk fight as boxing icon Giving an update on Joshua, Garcia told Seconds Out: “He’s thinking of winning and thinking of hurting somebody. That’s the most important thing. He’s got to be confident with his team. Week by week, we see a lot of improvement in Anthony Joshua. He’s going to get better and better, so by the time the fight comes, he’s going to be 100 per cent ready. "He’s got to be with a team that wants him to win, wants him to perform, and wants him to be a little bit tougher. I think that’s what I bring in. Me and Angel Fernandez are pushing him to be aggressive, to be a mean guy in the ring, to hurt anyone in front of him. He’s been doing that lately, and I’m very happy and pleased with how things are going." 