Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is under growing pressure to resolve Levi Colwill's immediate future at Stamford Bridge, with the player reportedly threatening to quit the club if a new defender is signed. Colwill has established himself as one of England's finest young prospects as of late and turned plenty of heads with his impressive form for Huddersfield Town last season. Colwill stood out with the Terriers as a result of his quality on and off the ball and has since gained a number of Premier League suitors in advance of the new campaign. He is now on the verge of pushing for a move away from Chelsea and will decide to do so if the Blues sign another defender at some point before the end of the summer window, according to The Athletic.It is said that Chelsea are delighted with Colwill's development and will take a look at him in pre-season before making a decision on whether or not they want to keep him on their books. Tuchel may need to convince Colwill to stay, though, if he decides to land another centre-back between now and the start of the upcoming Premier League season.However, it seems as though the German coach is not too bothered by the possibility of losing Colwill as he continues to push for the additions of Jules Kounde and Presnel Kimpembe over the coming weeks. The former has been on Chelsea's radar since last summer and is widely expected to leave Sevilla in the not-too-distant future, with Barcelona also said to be keen on securing his services. JUST IN: Barcelona have new swap deal plan to wreck Chelsea's transfer hopes Kimpembe has also emerged as a target for Chelsea over the last few days and is thought to have already spoken with Tuchel on the phone regarding a move to Stamford Bridge. It remains to be seen whether Colwill will be shipped out in the event of Kounde or Kimpembe joining the Blues in the weeks leading up to the new campaign or if he will ultimately be forced to stay put, with his current deal set to run until the summer of 2025.Colwill is the latest in a string of exciting young players to roll off the Cobham production line and has already been compared to the likes of Chelsea legend John Terry in spite of his tender years. The teenage defender wore the No 26 while on loan at Huddersfield and said at the time: "I'll take it, I'm not going to complain. It's not a bad thing to be called the new John Terry. "I haven't made the comparison myself, so the fans and media can make whatever comparisons they want to make, it isn't going to affect me. John Terry is a club legend and leader, someone every centre-back at Chelsea should look up to, a great guy and player."I've not had the chance to speak to him too much. When he was around the academy building, we'd have the odd little chat, but it'd be more of a, 'Hi, how are you?' kind of thing, not on a personal level about football or things like that." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE