Temperatures will soar to around 40C by Monday, July 18, with the Met Office issuing an amber extreme heat warning for a 48-hour period from Sunday. And the mercury will still be boiling by Tuesday, meaning much of the UK will be basking in sweltering heat for at least three days. This week is also officially classed as a heatwave, with the UK Health Authority putting in place a heat health warning for vulnerable people in the southeast until at least Friday. A Level 2 alert also remains for the rest of England.  But these tropical conditions will not last longer than a fortnight, it has been confirmed. In fact, by next Wednesday, July 20 the climate will feel far cooler with temperatures peaking at 17C in the east of the country. Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services Jim Dale said this break in the heatwave will also bring thunderstorms in its wake. He told Express.co.uk: “Wednesday looks to be the day, it will be coming in from France but it’s still a relatively long way off.  “It should arrive in the evening after a hot or sultry day.” No exact timings of when the storms will hit can be given as yet. The Met Office’s long-range forecast also predicts thundery showers will make their way in from the south. Touching upon July 16 to 25, it says: “Thundery showers are occasionally possible in the south and southwest too, spreading erratically northwards and eastwards.  READ MORE: Motorists warned of driving with water bottles over major fire hazard “It is uncertain how long the very hot weather will last, but it is likely that much of the UK will see a return to cooler and more widely unsettled conditions during the week.” But is this the end of summer? Not according to the Met Office which says temperatures will creep above average again by the first week of August. Its long-range forecast continues: “After a spell of more changeable conditions for many areas, high pressure will likely bring more settled weather again to the south and southwest. “This may extend more widely across the UK, bringing generally fine weather for most, however the northwest will continue to see the majority of any cloud and rain.  DON'T MISSOutdated rule sparks railway strike threats [REVEALED] Mass arrests made of human traffickers smuggling migrants into Britain [REPORT] Prince William appears to break royal protocol at Wimbledon [LATEST] “Temperatures will likely be above average for most, especially in the south, with the potential for it to be hot across England and Wales.” If temperatures top 38.7C this weekend, July 2022 will have been a record-breaker. The prior top temperature was reached at Cambridge Botanic Garden on July 25, 2019. 