Although exercise is vital for good health, offering a variety of benefits, cycling could be putting your erections at risk. Research from Wroclaw Medical University in Poland, published in the journal Sports Medicine, suggests that male cyclists should regularly stand up when biking. Cycling represents both sport and a means of transport, beloved by many. Although the vehicle can get you from A to B while being in fresh air, it could also be crushing your private parts. Dr Ellie said: “Crushing your bits is going to cause, possibly, erectile dysfunction because you’re crushing the nerves. “Also crushing your testicles is not good in terms of fertility and things like that.” READ MORE: Dementia: The type of fish linked to the brain condition - ‘Avoid overconsumption’ The research urges male cyclists to consider standing on the pedals every ten minutes to avoid erectile dysfunction. The team shares that it’s “critical” for men to avoid crushing their private parts on the saddle. Apart from the saddle, the study explains that common causes of genital numbness could also be poor riding technique and the wrong type of bike. Having reviewed 22 studies on how men can avoid saddle soreness, the researchers identified effective solutions, which include using a "no-nose" bicycle seat to redirect pressure from the genital area.  Dr Ellie added: “They’re calling for bike saddles to be more male-friendly without the bit at the front that squashes your bits. “Regularly stand up and get some movement and some fresh air down there. “Don’t squash everything is the message.” However, this research isn’t meant to discourage men from cycling. READ MORE: Cliff Richard: 'It’s held me in good stead' - star's 3 tips for 'healthy ageing' Kamil Litwinowicz, lead author from Wroclaw Medical University, said: “We don’t want men to quit cycling, but instead to look at things like standing on the pedals or using a different saddle. “Many men struggle with discomfort when riding a bike and there are concerns this can lead to sexual problems. “However, there is also strong evidence that being sedentary is linked to erectile dysfunction, so cycling as a form of activity could reduce that risk.” So, cycling, as well as different types of exercise, are still highly beneficial for your as well your sexual health. The main message from the study is to regularly stand up when cycling and to consider a different saddle. Plus, the evidence behind cycling and erectile dysfunction is not crystal clear as some studies haven’t found this link. The NHS explains that erectile dysfunction might be caused by a variety of reasons, ranging from stress to physical health. They urge seeing a GP or going to a sexual health clinic if the problem keeps occurring.