It is thought that a hosepipe ban may be implemented next month along with guidance to limit non-essential household water usage. The majority of England has been placed in prolonged dry weather status which is the stage before a drought is officially declared. England’s last drought was declared in 2018 and Southern Water has already made a drought permit request with the Environment Agency. Such a request will mean that a local hosepipe ban is likely to be put in place and as a preventative measure, the water agency has advised customers to reduce water usage. Britain’s 40C heatwave last week led to record breaking temperatures both during the night and the day which worsened dry conditions in certain regions. The region most at risk of such a drought and hosepipe ban is the East of England as spells of rain have so far avoided the area.  The coming spells of rain will impact whether England gets pushed into the official ‘drought’ stage and if it is more or less rain than usual. At the moment there are no significant rain spells forecasted in the coming weeks which would wash away such risk. Thames Water has stated that water restrictions will be necessary if there is no increased rainfall over the coming weeks. According to WXCHARTS, this weekend will continue to see dry and warm temperatures with temperatures between 22C and 28C. READ MORE: Ultimate wedding playlist revealed The National Drought Group is meeting on Tuesday morning to discuss protecting water resources. The group includes representatives from water companies, the Environment Agency and the National Farmers’ Union. As the grass begins to brown and rivers and reservoirs dry up, concerns are growing about the crops as grass growth has slowed meaning feed supplies for the winter are at risk and the quality of crops are unknown. The NFU Deputy President Tom Bradshaw said: “We are continuing to monitor the impacts of this prolonged spell of dry warm weather which is mainly affecting farms in central, eastern and southern parts of the country. DON'T MISS: Tragedy as elderly married couple die in horror crash (insight) Labour CRISIS: Voters shun Starmer despite Tory chaos (REVEAL)Meghan and Harry slammed for alleged fears over Lili’s royal rank (REVEAL)