Estimates suggest there are only 3,000 qualified engineers for heat pumps but at least 27,000 will be needed in the next six years, a report by Nesta warned. Codrina Cretu, senior analyst of sustainable future at Nesta said: “A shortage of trained heat pump engineers could put a spanner in the works of the government’s net zero target." “We will need thousands more heat pump engineers trained every year to make real progress in providing low-carbon alternatives to gas boilers and meet increasing demand for qualified installers, but this won’t happen while there is a risk of engineers spending more on training than they will make from it.” Their report found wages for heat pump engineers were generally lower than for gas boiler installations, and training can cost thousands of pounds. It warned there was no clear route for someone new to the industry to train as a heat pump engineer. Cretu said: “Governments in the UK should look at trialling cash incentives to get more people and companies training heat pump engineers, as well establishing direct routes to training via low carbon heating apprenticeships and college courses.” The UK needs to replace roughly 25 million oil and gas boilers with low-carbon heating systems over the next three decades to meet its net zero target. But Eco entrepreneur Dale Vince, 60, has called for the nation to keep their boilers and use gas from grass instead. The Ecotricity founder, who is backing the Save Our Boilers campaign, said the cost of building gas mills is also much less than installing heat pumps. The Ecotricity founder, 60, said: “Heat pumps won’t work for nearly half of our homes, and where they can work (and families can afford the price tag) they bring 50 per cent higher energy bills.” Dale Vince earlier this year unveiled plans for his energy firm's first "green gas" plant, which he hopes to have up and running by early next year. The site, near Reading, will provide all the gas needed for 4,000 local homes when fully operational. The UK needs to replace roughly 25 million oil and gas boilers with low-carbon heating systems over the next three decades to meet its net zero target. But Eco entrepreneur Dale Vince, 60, has called for the nation to keep their boilers and use gas from grass instead. The Ecotricity founder, who is backing the Save Our Boilers campaign, said the cost of building gas mills is also much less than installing heat pumps. The Ecotricity founder, 60, said: “Heat pumps won’t work for nearly half of our homes, and where they can work (and families can afford the price tag) they bring 50 percent higher energy bills.” Dale Vince earlier this year unveiled plans for his energy firm's first "green gas" plant, which he hopes to have up and running by early next year. The site, near Reading, will provide all the gas needed for 4,000 local homes when fully operational. An independent report by Imperial College London found there is enough grassland in Britain, not involved in food production, to provide gas for every home. Dale said: “It makes no sense to throw away millions of gas boilers and cookers and the national gas grid either. We just need to change the gas we put into the grid - from fossil gas to grass gas." “We have the means to make all the gas we need, it’s the easiest, cheapest and fastest path to decarbonising home heating.”