Every area of the economy grew but experts warned there is still a “real risk” of recession. Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi insisted that despite May’s better-than-forecast figure, he is not “complacent.” He said: “I know people are concerned so we are continuing to support families and economic growth. “We’re working alongside the Bank of England to bear down on inflation and I am confident we can create a stronger economy for everyone across the UK.” Demand for health services and holidays offset a cost-of-living hit to spending in shops to push up growth. The Office for National Statistics said gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 0.5 per cent in May. It followed a 0.2 per cent drop in April and experts had expected the economy to remain flat.  But the bounceback is expected to be short lived as consumers curb their spending in the face of soaring inflation, now at 9.1 per cent, Paul Dales, chief UK economist at Capital Economics, said: “That may mean the economy proves to be a poisoned chalice for whoever wins the race to be the next prime minister.” Growth in the services sector was boosted by summer holidays bookings, with output in the travel agency and tour operation industry surging by 11 per cent. Darren Morgan, director for economic statistics at the ONS, said that road haulage also had a "busy" May. He added: “There was widespread growth across manufacturing after several tough months, while construction also fared well, with housebuilding and office refurbishment driving growth.” Consumer-facing services fell by 0.1 per cent, driven by a 0.5 per cent fall in retail trade as consumers reined in their spending amid cost pressures.  Overall, services output still grew by 0.4 per cent in May, while manufacturing rose by 1.4 per cent and construction lifted by 1.5 per cent, marking its seventh month of growth. Ben Jones, lead economist at the CBI business group, warned of volatility in the current GDP data, in particular due to the Queen’s Jubilee bank holidays. He said: “In reality, CBI surveys and real-time data point to subdued economic momentum. The priority of the next prime minister must be getting the economy growing again.” Martin Beck at the EY Item Club said he still expects the economy to contract between April and June, but said it should avoid a technical recession as defined by two quarters in a row of falling output. “However, in many respects, the economy will still feel recessionary, with consumers facing a significant and prolonged fall in real incomes, while unemployment is likely to tick up,” he warned.