Most households tend to buy lemons in bulk, and while they can last a long time in a fruit bowl, they will eventually go wrinkly and shrink. Here is the best way to store lemons and keep them fresher for longer. It can be tempting to store lemons in a pretty bowl on a kitchen counter or table. But you should avoid the urge to decorate with fresh fruit. If left at room temperature, lemons dry out, leaving you with less juice and a tougher rind. Lemons stored at room temperature can last for about a week. READ MORE: What temperature your fridge should really be to avoid ‘danger zone' If you want to increase their shelf lif, they are best kept in the fridge. You can simply stash them in the fridge in the crisper drawer, or on a shelf. The popular citrus fruit will be fresh and juicy for two weeks. However, pop them into a sealed bag or container in the fridge and they will last four times longer than when kept at room temperature. DON'T MISS...Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' [VIDEO]British couple buy French village for £12k [PICTURES]Five ‘healthy’ foods you should avoid if you want to lose weight [EXPERT] If you want to increase their shelf lif, they are best kept in the fridge. You can simply stash them in the fridge in the crisper drawer, or on a shelf. The popular citrus fruit will be fresh and juicy for two weeks. However, pop them into a sealed bag or container in the fridge and they will last four times longer than when kept at room temperature. This extra step will prevent lemons from drying out and keep them fresh for a month. If you insist upon keeping your lemons on the counter or in a pretty fruit bowl, use them within four to five days. This same advice applies to limes. As for how you should store lemon wedges or if you’ve sliced into a lemon to take out a wedge, you can preserve the rest of the fruit. READ MORE: How to make a loaf of bread for less than 50p - recipe If you’ve used just half a lemon, cover the exposed end with food wrap or pop in a sealed container. You’ll need to use it within a few days. Alternatively, slice the rest of the lemon up, and put into a plastic container suitable for freezing. You can add the frozen slices to drinks. Lemon juice, on the other hand, can be kept in the fridge for a few days without any diminished quality. After a few days, it is best used in cooking or baking. Use it up within two weeks or freeze the rest - you can do this by pouring the juice into ice cube trays.