Manchester United have been eyeing Antony this summer. However, with Ajax refusing to budge on the player’s £70million price tag, that means Erik ten Hag may have to settle for a different signing instead. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at four alternatives to the Brazil international. Back in the summer transfer window of 2015, United thought they were onto a winner when they snapped up Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven. The Netherlands international had been dubbed the next Cristiano Ronaldo but, at Old Trafford, failed to live up to expectations. Depay toiled under both Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho but, since leaving United behind, has rebuilt his career. The Red Devils are already in talks with Barcelona for midfielder Frenkie de Jong. So they’d potentially be wise to explore the possibility of bringing this modern-day version of Depay back. There’s talk of a move to Tottenham for the Dutchman but, with nothing signed yet, that gives the Red Devils a window to act. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan There came a time where Real Madrid thought Marco Asensio would be the future of the club. But the Spain international has struggled for form and fitness over the past three years, plunging his future into doubt in the process. Real Madrid are willing to listen to offers for Asensio this summer, having deemed the forward surplus to requirements. United were linked with the forward earlier in the summer, before links to Antony arose. And it’s possible they’d reignite their interest as they look to bolster their frontline. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Back in the summer transfer window of 2020, United contemplated signing Kingsley Coman as an alternative to Jadon Sancho. Yet, on that occasion, a move failed to take place. Fast-forward to now, and Coman may struggle for regular action following Serge Gnabry’s new contract. The France international certainly deserves regular action, having played at the highest level for years. And United could strike a deal for the forward as a result, though it would be interesting to see how much Bayern would want for the 26-year-old this summer. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Now this would be a wildcard signing. Back in June, it emerged that United were admirers of Nottingham Forest winger Brennan Johnson. The Wales international scored 18 goals and clocked up 10 assists in the Championship last term, all from 49 appearances. James Garner has apparently recommended Johnson to the club’s hierarchy. But United may have to act quickly, with Arsenal previously linked with the forward as they seek an upgrade on Nicolas Pepe. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team So far, United have signed three players. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the left-back touching down from Feyenoord to provide competition for Luke Shaw. United have also snapped up Christian Eriksen on a free transfer, beating Brentford to the Denmark international. And, over the weekend, Lisandro Martinez’s move to the club was confirmed. United want a forward to cap off their transfer business, while they’re also keeping up their pursuit of Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here