John Torode, 56, famously burnt a tea towel live on air as he cooked a traditional breakfast in 2020 on This Morning. The fire alarm started and John appeared to ignore Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield's fire warnings. The MasterChef judge has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about what actually happened in his North London home. John was recreating a McDonalds McMuffin in April 2020 at his home and was appearing on This Morning via video call. As John began to toast the muffins he failed to notice a tea towel left on the hob had set alight. Phillip and Holly frantically tried to warn John but his cries were left unheard as the flames got bigger. Luckily, John finally spotted the fire and dealt with it very professionally as his alarm began to ring in the house. READ MORE: Martine McCutcheon, 46, showcases enviably toned figure in swimsuit Speaking about the incident, John told Express.co.uk: "So, you know I got distracted and what happened was I preheated the frying pan on the back stove to make sure it was hot because I was cooking in front of the camera on a little tiny portable stove. "So I had just forgotten I had left the flame on, and of course I dropped the tea towel and because there is a delay of three seconds of whatever in case somebody swears on TV and they need to cut it out. "So, you know three seconds is actually a pretty long time so I didn’t hear what Phillip and Holly were telling me." Detailing what happened after the cameras stopped rolling, he said: "But I think we handled it quite well. I got the tea towel off and I've got it outside over the door. "The fire alarm went off in the house and showed the fire alarm works, which I'm sure they’re very happy about. "And it all ends up well. We ended up with a sausage and egg muffin, which was good because that's what we really wanted at that stage of lockdown. "ITV did a brilliant job I think in lockdown to keep live television going throughout the day and give everyone a touching point. "I was so happy to be involved in that and actually having the cameras inside my hour allowed me to give people a bit of a respite. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton 'felt stupid' for being scammed out of £70k life savings [INSIGHT] Sky News' Jacquie Beltrao wows in bikini snap showing off taut abs [PICS] Paul O’Grady’s health update as he blasts Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak [HEALTH] "And I know people watched me and thought ‘Yes, I will try that’, so I think that’s really powerful. "So you being on television, being a part of that is a real honour to me." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the past couple of months, with the chef ectatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I have started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years, when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces. "You can buy single items and you get them through Amazon, leading me to send them to my whole family!" He concluded: "That’s the good thing about Amazon, you can send it to your mates. "Like my eldest got some at her house and they were like, ‘Great thank you very much!’" His favourite part of the range includes the Ninja Foodi ZEROSTICK Cookware. For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen (ninjakitchen.co.uk).