Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer was put on the spot over yet another briefing that was completely void of Labour policy ideas to get the country moving forward. BBC News' Political Correspondent Alex Forsyth started by asking: "You've given a speech today setting out what you say your vision for a confident, prosperous nation. "But can I ask: where's the new policy?!" Ms Forsyth continued: "You've been Labour leader now for more than two years. "You've called for a general election. "Isn't it time than rather than just tell the country what a Labour Government might look like, you tell the country what you do to get there?"  Mr Starmer squirmed: "Well Alex, I've just set out in that speech some the policies already in place when it comes to economic growth. "We've been saying repeatedly this is the single most important issue," the Labour leader defended. "We've had 12 years of stagnation, 12 years of low growth. Without giving more specifics on new policy ideas, he added: "If the economy - just let this sink in - if the economy in the last 12 years had grown as fast as in the previous Labour government, we would have billions to spend on public services without raising a single tax."  "So we've said that," Mr Starmer defended, tentatively saying: "We've set out our skills agenda. We've set out an agenda for economic devolution. "We've set out a huge pledge on investment: £28million for the next generation of jobs. "So a lot of those policies are already in place. Obviously we'll develop on that," he said, failing to detail his economic agenda. "But let me be absolutely clear to anybody watching this: I think that the change that we need at the moment is much more fundamental than a change of the person at the top of the Tory Party." READ MORE: Starmer confronted on ANOTHER briefing without any ideas "Britain needs a fresh start and that can only happen with a change of government. We are ready for that. So, bring it on." The Labour leader has often been accused of giving void declarations to the detriment of voters and instead always criticise the Tory party and Boris Johnson's outgoing Government. His major speech at Gateshead on Monday makes no difference as Mr Starmer has once again failed to detail the Labour's agenda. The briefing comes as a dozen Conservative candidates are running to replace Boris Johnson at the head of the Conservative Party and the UK's premiership. DON'T MISS:German officials celebrate Boris' fall as EU plots Brexit stitch-up  [ANALYSIS]New Tory leader 'faces a tough struggle' as support implodes - POLL [POLL]Lifelong Labour voters says 'NO WAY' they're voting for party [INSIGHT] Among the latest candidates joining the crowded field of contenders are the much-anticipated Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and the biggest outsider Rehman Chishti, MP for Gillingham and Rainham. Home Secretary Priti Patel could potentially throw her hat in the ring, with an unnammed supporter telling Sky News there is a "strong chance" she will put herself forward as well. For now, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak appears to be the early favourite after Defence Secretary Ben Wallace - another early favourite - ruled out running for election. The 1922 Committee has yet to announce the election rules. READ NEXT:General Election: Tory safe seats under threat due to population shiftWhy Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner were NOT fined over BeergateHow does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in fullLabour will push to oust Boris Johnson immediately, says Keir StarmerStarmer humiliated at own press conference over victory prospect