Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) is currently unaware she is about to become an auntie on Emmerdale as her brother Mackenzie (Lawrence Robb) and his girlfriend Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) discovered they were having a baby earlier this week. Although the pair were holding different opinions about what to do with regards to the pregnancy at first, they agreed to start a family by the end of Friday's instalment of the ITV soap. However, plans are never straightforward when it comes to living in the village and there could be some big twists on the horizon in this storyline. Despite telling Charity he was 100 percent committed to her and the baby, Mackenzie could begin to have second thoughts closer to the birth. Having arrived in the village as a lone wolf, the character might decide he doesn't want all this commitment and could feel the village. This would leave Charity in turmoil as she only wanted to have her fifth child because she thought she was going to have her man by her side. Before she can think about anything else, the mother of five could go into labour and end up giving birth to a healthy baby. Unfortunately, she would struggle to bond with them as this was not the way she was hoping for her child's life to begin. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne As she doesn't think she could go it alone as a single mother, Charity could look into getting the baby adopted so another family could give it everything wants. However, upon hearing this news, Moria could decide to intervene as she would not want her niece or nephew to be given to strangers. After some consultation with her husband, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley), the couple could ask the adoption agency to let them take on the child as their own. Although Mackenzie would have fled the village, Moira would know he would be back one day and would want to see his child. The authorities could agree to this and Moira could end up raising her fifth child as she becomes the baby's mother. This would be hard for Charity to see but she would be happy knowing she could watch her child growing up from a distance. Though if Mackenzie were to return to the village, would Moira be willing to give up her rights to the child so her brother could take on the responsibilities of a father? Or could a huge custody battle commence as Moira believes she is the child's mother, not wanting her brother to come in and possibly leave the baby once more? The actor who plays Mackenzie, Lawrence, has spoken out about his character's new storyline and what the future holds for him now. Discussing Moira's reaction to the news, Lawrence explained: "She is shocked." DON'T MISS...Reece Dinsdale weight loss: ITV star ditched one food to shed weight [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton on 'unexpected' romance with former co-star [COMMENT]'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [PICTURES] "I don't think she's entirely happy with it initially. But Moira is also a very supportive character and she loves Mackenzie," the soap star continued. "They both love each other and eventually Moira does end up going along with it, in a supportive way. But there's a lot of stuff coming up that will test Mackenzie's relationships all around." So could this be a big hint Mackenzie will flee the village so he can get back to being a single man with no responsibilities? Teasing what's ahead, the actor added: "There's certainly gritty stuff coming that tests both Mack and Charity. That will remain to be seen, but I hope they can move past it all and deal with it. "Now people are coming to terms with Mack and Charity, I think the audience has warmed to them as a couple. Mack and Charity are different in so many ways, but also similar." "They have been very 'chalk and cheese', but that makes them well suited to each other as opposites attract," he continued. "I hope they can move past it because working with Emma Atkins [Charity] is great," he added in an interview with Digital Spy. But will he be making his exit in the coming months as the pressure becomes too much? It could all happen around the time of the show's 50th-anniversary celebrations, with the village set for a very dramatic October later this year. Taking to Twitter, viewers have responded to the news Charity is pregnant again and whether they think the duo would make good parents. Charlotte wrote: "Oh Charity told Mackenzie the truth. I really hope he steps up and supports her. I'd love to see him be a dad #Emmerdale." Sam added: "I hope Charity doesn't keep the baby just because Mack has guilt tripped her into it. Charity's right it's her body and actually will be so much harder for her as an older mum #Emmerdale." Emmerdale Memes posted on the social media platform: "I just want to see Moria's reaction to Charity being pregnant #Emmerdale." Carole commented: "Uh oh, expect an ear bashing from Moira now, Charity. Because I reckon that Mackenzie is on his way to visit his big sister for some baby advice now #Emmerdale." But will Moira end up being the baby's mother? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.