GTA Online summer update is out this week, with the 2022 edition of the big summertime update called Criminal Enterprises. The GTA Online Criminal Enterprises update has a Tuesday July 26 release date and will be bringing with it new missions based on a very familiar sounding scenario - crooks are trying to take advantage of a chaotic situation sparked in Los Santos by heatwaves, supply chain problems and rising petrol prices. So when is the GTA Online summer update 2022 out? And are any patch notes available for the Criminal Enterprises download? Here's what GTA 5 Online fans need to know... Rockstar Games has confirmed that the GTA 5 Online summer update is launching on Tuesday July 26. A release time of around 10am UK time is expected. For those in other regions that's 2am pacific time, 5am eastern and 11am CEST. The GTA Online Criminal Enterprises update features a very familiar sounding scenario where Los Santos is plunged into chaos by rising petrol prices, heatwaves and supply chain problems. This mixture of numerous problems is creating plenty of chaos in the world of GTA which criminals are trying to exploit. Whatever career path you've chosen as a criminal in GTA - whether that's executive, biker, gunrunner or night club owner - you'll have new missions to explore. Here's what Rockstar Games has said about the GTA Online update... "The Criminal Enterprises is a sweeping update bringing new missions and upgrades to GTA Online including significant expansions to business prospects for Criminal Careers, plus new, elaborate Contact Missions with players operating as a sworn-in agent for the IAA and much more starting July 26. "The Criminal Enterprises also delivers highly requested experience improvements while giving players more choice in how they climb their way up the criminal ranks. Players will earn increased payouts across a range of gameplay, enjoy experience improvements and more — with new modes, vehicles, collectibles, and special events dropping all summer long, including new showroom floors where players can test drive or simply purchase a range of new vehicles on the spot." The patch will also add Operation Paper Trail will let players go undercover, plus there will be new cars available. There will also be some other improvements which include... - Operating your businesses (including sales) in private sessions - Reducing the Oppressor Mk II's missile and countermeasure effectiveness - Increasing GTA$ payouts for Races, Heists and more