The Duchess of Cornwall carried on with her work, seemingly unfazed by the bizarre weather hitting Cornwall over the past few hours. On her second day in Cornwall, Camilla visited Charlestown School in St Austell. There, she met some of the children who take part in Silver Stories, a charity - of which she is the patron - arranging for youngsters to read over the phone to older members of the community who may be isolated or vulnerable. Camilla was also joined by Dame Esther Rantzen and Elisabeth Carney Haworth, founder of the organisation. During her visit, the royal received an adorable birthday card to mark her 75th birthday. The Duchess proudly held up the handmade card, which showed a drawing of herself reading a book in front of a puppy and two children, also focused on their readings. Camilla, who donned a blue dress with a geometric pattern, also got to give a cuddle to a sweet dog during her engagement. Camilla celebrated her milestone birthday privately on Sunday. On the eve of the celebrations, Clarence House shared a new portrait, showing the Duchess with a wide smile sitting in the gardens at her Raymill residence. Her office also released a second picture, this time featuring one of her beloved rescue Jack Russell Terriers sitting on her lap, on Sunday, to thank people who took the time to wish her the royal a happy birthday. While Camilla arrived at the school with the sun shining on her, her husband was photographed in the rain as he attended solo the Innovative Farmers 10th anniversary at Trefranck Farm, Launceston. READ MORE: Queen denied entrance to Windsor Horse Show in hilarious story  The Prince of Wales, who is known as Duke of Cornwall while in the area, appeared in great spirits as he met attendees at the event and cut a celebratory cake. During the engagement, Charles was presented with wool rugs. Prince Charles and Camilla began their yearly tour of Cornwall and Devon on Monday to mark the Duke's 70th year at the helm of the Duchy of Cornwall. Their visit started in Mousehole, where they treated themselves to an ice cream before meeting locals. They then headed to Newlyn harbour and its fishing port. The royals later hosted a garden party celebrating Charles's milestone, who has made history as the longest-serving Duke of Cornwall. At the event at Boconnoc House, Lostwithiel, which hosted more than 600 people, the Duke mentioned the unprecedented temperatures hitting the UK. He told his guests: "As I have tried to indicate for quite some time, the climate crisis really is a genuine emergency and tackling it is utterly essential – for Cornwall, the country and the rest of the world." The Duke of Cornwall also spoke of his Cornish estate's commitment to reach net zero carbon emissions by the early 2030s. Charles said: "If I may so say, those commitments around net zero have never been more vitally important as we all swelter under today’s alarming, record temperatures across Britain and Europe." Prince Charles's comment was particularly poignant given his long-standing commitment to the protection of the environment. The Prince of Wales launched his first warning focused on plastic waste and air pollution in 1970, long before discussions regarding climate change became the norm. While Charles battled heavy rain in Cornwall, much of the rest of England was engulfed in a sweltering heatwave. Earlier today, the UK hit its hottest temperature on record, with Heathrow recording 40.2°C. The previous record had been established in Cambridge in July 2019, when temperatures had hit 38.7°C.