Christian Horner expects Mercedes to be "quick" in next weekend's French Grand Prix. Mercedes have seen improvements in recent weeks following the porpoising issue they suffered from in the early stages of the season and Horner is predicting their uplifted form to continue. Lewis Hamilton has recorded three-successive podium finishes at the Canadian, British and Austrian Grand Prix. George Russell claimed third in the race before that in Azerbaijan, ahead of Hamilton in fourth. Russell was also fourth in both Canada and in Austria to outline the improvement Mercedes have seen of late. Mercedes are third in the Constructor Standings behind Ferrari and leaders Red Bull. Red Bull team principal Horner has noted the lack of porpoising from the Mercedes cars in recent weeks. And he is expecting a tough challenge against them at Paul Ricard. Horner said: “We’ll expect them to be quick in Ricard. They’re showing flashes of being there or thereabouts.  "The last two races have been pretty decent for them and there’s been no sign I think of any porpoising at all, so they seem to be slowly bringing themselves back into the game." Russell and Hamilton are fifth and sixth respectively in the Driver Standings, behind the Red Bull and Ferrari drivers. But Horner expects Mercedes to be a constant threat from now until the end of the season, which he sees as a good thing. He continued: "I think they’ll be a contender. They keep consistently scoring points. "I’m not sure how far off they are in the constructors’ or drivers’ [championships] at the moment, but you know, sometimes having more cars in play is a good thing.  "Sometimes it might be a bad thing. But I think for the fans it is great to have six cars, competing for victories.” Meanwhile, Hamilton's old rival Fernando Alonso has ruled out a late title push from the Brit and says Red Bull and Ferrari will be the only teams battling it out. Alonso told Dutch broadcaster NOS: "It's all about Red Bull and Ferrari. "Only Max Verstappen, Charles Leclerc, Carlos Sainz and Sergio Perez can win. I don't know of any other sport that's like this. "The GPs have become more fun and with these cars you can fight better. Still, I think it's too boring, but it's also part of F1. There will always be teams that are faster than others." 