A Twitter user shared a screenshot of the fraudulent email that they had received. The hoax message was entitled "Warning: Lloyds Banking Group Secure Email Account Expiration" and claimed to be from "Messaging Services at Lloyds Banking Group". It read: “You have previously received a secure message from Lloyds Banking Group, which involved you setting up an account on the secure portal. “The account that you created during this process will expire in 15 days. “In order to keep your account active you must access your account by clicking on this link. “Thank you.” READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons make ‘common mistake’ The concerned Twitter user shared the details of what they described as a “phishing attempt” with Lloyds Bank. The bank responded to confirm that it was a scam, and asked them to forward the details to emailscams@lloydsbanking.com. Scammers will often try to pressure people into handing over personal details by threatening to close an online account, or claiming that a person’s account has been suspended. Fake links will often go to copycat or fraudulent websites, in a bid to get people to input personal information or bank details. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioner loses £10,000 in scam and warns others about WhatsApp scam [WARNING] Fraudsters may also try to encourage people to hand over details by saying that an individual has been paid too much. Lloyds Bank recently warned phone users about a phone scam targeting people with an Android device such as Samsung, OnePlus and Google Pixel. These devices come with Google Play, which people use to download apps onto their phones. Fraudsters have been adding hidden viruses to apps on Google Play, including popular apps for scanning QR codes. READ MORE: Inheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero These devices come with Google Play, which people use to download apps onto their phones.  The fake apps may look genuine, but once downloaded they may not install properly or work. Lloyds Bank has warned: “This virus can cause serious harm to a device that’s very hard to fix.” To avoid the scam, the bank urged Britons to take preventative measures, such as installing antivirus software to protect their phone. Before downloading an app, people should make sure the download is safe. Users can search for reviews on the app which mention any problems, such as a virus. People should always read the terms and conditions which come with an app to also assess its safety. Google recommends using Google Play Protect to check apps and devices for any viruses or issues. The Google software runs a safety check on harmful apps which are sometimes called malware. Google can also take action to pull apps from its Play Store. Those who think they have been the victim of a scam should contact Action Fraud.