Everton are desperate to bolster their ranks this summer to avoid another relegation scrap and have several transfer targets in mind that Frank Lampard wants to work with. Everton are ready to fight Nottingham Forest for the signing of Morgan Gibbs-White to revitalise his career in the Premier League. Frank Lampard has made signing an attacking midfielder one of his top priorities but has found that progress on that front has been slow. Armed with the funds from the Richarlison sale to Tottenham, the former Chelsea manager has already named a number of targets. That includes Blues duo Billy Gilmour and Conor Gallagher but Thomas Tuchel will not let either leave before getting a good look at them in pre-season. It has forced Everton to look elsewhere in the market. It has led them to Wolves outcast Gibbs-White, who was loaned out to Sheffield United last season where he made a huge impression. Often being played close to a striker, the 22-year-old scored 12 and assisted 10. His antics led the Blades to reaching the Championship play-off semi-finals despite turmoil off the pitch in the boardroom but their chances of re-signing him are minute. Instead, a transfer to another Premier League club looks set to go ahead this summer. Gibbs-White has two years left on his contract and he is stalling over signing a new deal as he eyes his options, according to The Athletic. That now includes Everton, who have entered the race along with Nottingham Forest. Crystal Palace have also been linked as they eye a potential replacement for Gallagher, who had a fine season on loan there last campaign from Chelsea. However, Wolves have noticed that a bidding war could begin and have slapped a huge price-tag on the midfielder's head. It is further reported that the Molineux outfit will demand £30million for the youngster, which could put off several Premier League outfits. Whether Everton follow up their interest remains to be seen. One disadvantage that Lampard has is the fact that Gibbs-White knows Forest manager Steve Cooper well from his time in charge of the England Under-17s. Together, they won the World Cup in 2017 - where he scored in a 5-2 win against Spain in the final.