In a week when it’s "Prime Day", it’s worth remembering that there are loads of scams currently linked to Amazon. I had three calls today advising me that my Amazon Prime account had been compromised and I needed to press one to reinstate it. I didn’t press anything, but if I had, I have no doubt that whoever was at the end of the call, a chat bot or a real person would have tried to steal my information or my money. These criminals target people via phone calls, text and email. We’ve seen criminals sending emails that state they are from the "Amazon Prime Support Team". The email starts by telling the "Amazon Customer" that action has been taken to put all pending orders and their account on hold due to a billing problem. It then asks the recipient to resolve the problem by clicking on the link provided and to give all your personal information. We have seen criminals targeting people with automated calls stating they’ve been charged for an Amazon Prime subscription. READ MORE: Grieving widow has her pension swiped from bank in Amazon scam The automated calls tell you that your personal details have been used to set up an Amazon Prime subscription, you are then asked to press one to cancel the subscription. Once one has been pressed a real person comes on the line posing as an Amazon employee. The criminal then tells you that an Amazon Prime subscription has been bought fraudulently. To resolve this Amazon (the criminal) needs access to your computer to fix your computer so that the criminals can’t do this again. They also sometimes ask for apps to be downloaded and access to bank accounts to be granted. This gives the criminal the ability to access your banking and personal information. We’ve seen a similar scam where you are told you are due a refund for an unauthorised transaction on your Amazon account. The criminals gain information from you under the fraudulent claims they will be refunding and protecting you. DON'T MISSFraud email from PayPal imposters - check for four tell-tale phrases [INSIGHT] Always ask your bank a question when they call to prove their identity [TIP] 'Don't click!': Expert fear as post scams cause alarm [WARNING] Things to remember: Unsolicited requests to remote access your computer should always be a warning sign that this could be a scam. Contact whoever has called you directly using a known email or phone number. NOT the one they have called you from. Don't respond to emails, texts, or phone calls that ask you to provide account or personal information, such as your email address and password combination. Amazon will never ask you for personal information. Never click on links from unknown sources. Go to your account through your own browser or via an App. If in any doubt, do not respond. Scambusters Mail bag – answering your scam questions How do I talk to my family about this sort of scam? I think my auntie may have fallen for this before but was too embarrassed to tell me. To learn more and to join the fight against scams do the free training on www.friendsagainstscams.org.uk. This will give you all the tools you need to talk to your family. The more we talk about scams the more we take away the shame. Tip of the week: Number spoofing is a tactic used by criminals to trick you into thinking you’re being contacted by a trusted organisation. The caller ID on your phone may seem to be displaying a legitimate local number but this could be a scam or a spoof call. Criminals can spoof numbers by downloading software that allows them to make any outbound calls appear as the number they’ve chosen to spoof in an attempt to scam you and get you to reveal your personal or financial information or to make payment. Remember: If you’ve received a text you think is a scam then you can forward to 7726 or take a screenshot and send it to report@phishing.gov.uk. If you’re receiving lots of unwanted phone calls or text messages you can also consider removing your details from data brokers, ensuring that you use a right to object to the processing of your data. You can learn more about this on Rightly to stop the sharing of your data exposing you to scams.