 Poison rose to fame in the 1980s with hit singles like Every Rose Has Its Thorn and is still performing to this day with other rock bands like Motley Crue and Def Leppard – both of which are touring with Poison now. But their success over the years hasn’t been without turmoil. Last Thursday, the band had to let down fans as Michaels had health complications due to complications from Covid medication, according to the publication TMZ, which says it spoke to an insider.   The publication reported: “He may have had a bad reaction to medication that is related to COVID ... medication that triggered a reaction as a result of his diabetes.” Michaels confirmed the health ordeal on Thursday via his Instagram page, writing: "To the incredible fans in Nashville, thank you for all your well wishes!! “I was truly fired up to get on stage in Music City and perform, but due to an unforeseen medical complication and following hospitalization, it was not possible. “I send my deepest apologies for being unable to rock the stage tonight!!! I'm working on being back 100% very soon and hope you rocked hard with my friends Motley/Leppard/Joan and the Classless Act!!!”  READ MORE: How to sleep: The food 'abundant in sleep-promoting nutrients'  Michaels has suffered from type 1 diabetes since the age of six. Type 1 diabetes is when the blood sugar levels are too high because the immune system attacks the pancreas, which is responsible for creating insulin that moves sugar out of the blood. Symptoms of early type 1 diabetes include extreme hunger, fatigue and weakness, and blurred vision. But aside from diabetes, the star has faced other serious health battles, many of which weren’t separated by much time.   In a similar incident to the recent one back in 2010, the star was rushed away to a hospital in Texas to have an emergency appendix removal just before taking the stage at SeaWorld in Antonio. At the time, a rep of Michael’s said the star had been suffering from stomach pains all day that they assumed was a “severe case of the flu”. “They told me that if I had gone onstage like I wanted to, [my appendix] likely would have ruptured and I could have died,” Michaels wrote on his blog at the time. A mere week later, he was taken to hospital again with a massive subarachnoid haemorrhage – bleeding between the brain and the surrounding membrane. READ MORE: High blood pressure: How you sleep may affect your risk   This incident is suspected to have no link to his appendectomy or diabetes, reported Vanity Fair. A year after his haemorrhage, the star also had surgery to repair a hole in his heart following a mini-stroke. Back in 2012, he told PEOPLE magazine: "It has been rough. But I'm feeling pretty damn good. I'm really blessed to be here.” Shockingly, things got even rougher for the star and he underwent kidney surgery in 2014.