Princess Beatrice kept a low-profile on centre-court as she attended Wimbledon on Tuesday. However, she was spotted rows behind the royal box as she sat amongst the crowd. Fans took to social media to question the decision not to join her family near the front, with one Twitter user @gertsroyals saying: "Princess Beatrice was not at Wimbledon yesterday.” But another eagle-eyed viewer added: "Case solved, it's Beatrice. Confirmed by a source. "I think she snuck in late and was lucky enough to avoid the paparazzi." But it wasn't just her auburn hair that caught the eye of a third social media user. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "That's Beatrice," they tweeted. "Same skirt she always wears." She sported a Saloni black and white striped midi skirt; one she has worn several times before, including at 2016's London Fashion Week. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The high rise skirt features a pleated material with front slip pockets. She paired it with a classic black blazer and oversized sunglasses to create the perfect, effortlessly chic monochrome ensemble. Beatrice wowed in yet another monochrome ensemble last year, as she showed off her growing baby bump in a smart polka-dot dress alongside her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice The pair welcomed their daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi a few months later. And while the 33-year-old royal was the centre of attention in the stalls, Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge stole the limelight in the royal box just several rows in front. Perhaps the Royal Family's biggest tennis fan, Kate was dressed in a blue polka-dot dress. She will undoubtedly return later this week as the tournament continues. Eagle-eyed royal fans may have noticed the addition of a dark green and purple bow, which the Duchess has also been spotted wearing at past tournaments. Kate also wore the ribbon of the All England Lawn Tennis & Croquet Club (AELTC). Female members of the club tend to wear the ribbon bow, while male members opt to wear a dark green and purple tie. Kate wears her ribbon in her capacity as Patron of the AELTC, a role she has held for six years.