Marvin Rees, who has been mayor of the city since 2016, made the announcement during the city's Pride Day celebrations on Saturday evening. Despite winning this year's competition, Ukraine is unable to host next year's one because of the ongoing conflict in the country. So UK, as the second-placed nation, is expected to host the competition for the ninth time, reports Bristol Live. Speaking to his city's residents on Saturday, Mr Rees said: "Hello Pride, this is Bristol calling. "It's great that everyone is here, in person, for Bristol Pride and I'm excited to talk about another opportunity for Bristol to come together again. Despite winning the Eurovision Song Contest in May, incredibly sadly, Ukraine won't host the contest in 2023 and the BBC have been asked to take on Eurovision next year. "As a global and diverse City of Sanctuary, Bristol can be the caretaker of next year's Eurovision Song Contest. We're working in partnership with YTL Arena Bristol on a bid to bring Eurovision to the Brabazon Hangars. "Bristol has the perfect site where we can custom build the perfect Eurovision Song Contest. We've got the Space, Man. You'll see what I've done there. "Bristol's ready with a really strong bid and we need you to help us bring this home. We have posted this on social media - please share it. "Tell the world how much you want Bristol to be the next home of Eurovision using our hashtag #ThisIsBristolCalling."   Ukraine's entry for this year's Eurovision Song Contest in Turin, Italy, was the song "Stefania" by Kalush Orchestra - it received a whopping 631 points which placed it firmly at the top of the leaderboard, mostly thanks to telephone voters at home. Despite Ukraine's entry always being the favourite to win, the big shock - especially for British fans - was the success of the UK entry. Sam Ryder came second with his song "Space Man", racking up multiple 'douze points' from the jury and voters at home and finishing on 466 points, the UK's best result since 1998. The winner of the previous competition traditionally goes onto host the next. The UK has staged the contest in London four times (1960, 1963, 1968 and 1977), and once in Edinburgh (1972), Brighton (1974), Harrogate (1982) and Birmingham (1998). Glasgow, London, Manchester and Leeds have also thrown their hats in the ring to be 2023's host. 