UPDATE: According to a Virgin Media spokesperson, the broadband issues are limited to the Reading area. Speaking to Express Online, a spokesperson said that the company is working hard on a fix. "We’re aware of a fault affecting broadband services for some customers in and around Reading – there is no national broadband outage affecting our network," a spokesperson said. "We are working as quickly as possible to restore services and apologise to those affected." ORIGINAL: Virgin Media appears to be offline for thousands of broadband customers across the UK. The Virgin Media server status makes grim reading for customers, who have complained about not being able to connect to the internet. Independent website Down Detector has received thousands of reports that Virgin is down. The outage tracker monitors social mentions around certain topics to detect when services go down across the world. The Down Detector outage map shows that the Virgin Media issues are affecting users in the UK, particularly in major cities such as London, Birmingham and Manchester, although social media complaints are mainly limited to the Reading area. More to follow... A Virgin Media spokesperson said: “We’re aware of a fault affecting broadband services for some customers in and around Reading – there is no national broadband outage affecting our network. We are working as quickly as possible to restore services and apologise to those affected.” The good news is that Virgin appears to be aware of the problem, and is currently working on a fix. That's according to the Virgin Media Support Team on Twitter, who are currently fielding complaints from countless disgruntled customers. Replying to one customer, a member of the Virgin Media support team writes: "Sorry about the service issues. We're aware of it and working hard to resolve this asap." There seems to be a big problem in Reading and the Berkshire area in general, which may not be fixed until after 3pm. Needless to say, customers aren't impressed with the latest server issues, and have taken to social media to vent their frustrations. Below is a selection of tweets from Virgin Media customers across the UK. "RG14 area..no WiFi for last hour, took forty minutes to get through to help centre and I got ' we are busy phone later goodbye! Not good enough for £85 a month!" "#virginmedia complete blackout here. No internet, their service status page is not working, can’t sign into the site to report the problem. Zip. Have they been hacked?!" "For anyone in the RG postal code, Virgin are aware of an issue. From the @virginmedia Status page. "We hope to fix this by 25 July at 15:25. We've found what's causing the issue, and a technician is on the way to fix it." "3.30pm? That’a most of the working day gone. Ridiculous." More to follow...