Better Call Saul continues to air on AMC and Netflix and things are heating up for Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) and his love interest, Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn). Kim does not feature in the Breaking Bad series, so fans are suspecting something tragic is in store for her. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who the actress is married to in real life.  Better Call Saul is back with the final episodes of season six, with the series due to come to an end this summer. Now that some of the show's main characters have been wiped out, the attention turns to Kim and Saul. The pair suffered an ordeal at their apartment in the latest episode, leaving Kim feeling shaken. Kim has become one of the breakout stars of the show and actress Seehorn, 50, has become the celebrity of interest. The actress and director married film producer and real estate agent Graham Larson in 2018. READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6, episode 10 release time: When is it out?  Graham has two sons from an earlier marriage, with Seehorn being their stepmother. The producer has a list of credits to his name including Once and Again, The Siege and The Last Samurai. He has worked as an assistant, producer and executive producer throughout his career. However, his main focus is on real estate and he is based at Sotheby's in LA. His profile says: "For over 25 years, Graham J Larson has been focused on ways to help clients turn their hard work into the dream they envisioned. "His professional journey began in public relations at Ogilvy, Adams & Rinehart in Washington, DC, followed by a move to New York City to cut his teeth in the production world. "Once settled in Los Angeles, Graham enjoyed a successful career producing TV and films including the Academy Award-winning film The Last Samurai. "Now he pursues his true passion: residential real estate." The star is on Instagram and his profile says: "Real estate is my job. Family & friends are my life." [Sic] He shared a photo of his wife Seehorn with his two children outside Hammer Museum. DON'T MISS... 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [INTERVIEW] Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald stunned as she visits Elvis Presley's home [VIDEO] He joked: "Two out of three of these masterpieces were made in LA." Back in November 2019, he shared a photo of himself with the actress and his children on Halloween. They had dressed up as characters from Stranger Things, with Seehorn in a Joyce Byers-inspired costume. Graham was dressed as Jim Hopper, sporting a sheriff costume. The pair have been together since 2013, having met on a blind coffee date. On their third anniversary, Graham said he was the "luckiest man alive". The Better Call Saul actress is also on Instagram but she has not shared many photos starring her husband. Back in February 2021, she did call him her "forever valentine", sharing a selection of photos. In 2020 she shared a photo of her husband on his birthday, saying: "Graham, you are my best friend, my favourite movie (any movie) date, my good morning hug, my can-do-attitude quarantine partner, & the love of my life (along with the boys)! I also love that you get weirder every day." [Sic]  Better Call Saul season 6 continues tonight on AMC and Netflix.