Meghan Markle is known for wearing delicate gold jewellery, some of which have significant meanings behind the designs. When appearing for her and Prince Harry’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duchess of Sussex chose a gold necklace with four pendants. For the interview, Meghan chose a black Giorgio Armani triple silk georgette dress, which had a lotus flower motif across the right hand side and over the shoulder. To accessorise, she opted for a blue and gold necklace from the brand Pippa Small. Pippa Small is a jewellery designer Meghan has worn several times over the years. And it seems the Duchess accessorises her outfits with jewellery from this brand for pivotal moments. READ MORE: Meghan forced to return wedding tiara - why Fergie kept her diadem For her iconic March 2021, Meghan wore a necklace that's design “inspired courage and confidence”. The 18 carat gold necklace features an Aquamarine Triple Colette Set Pendant on Cord. It is priced at £1,800 and is still available to buy - but will be made on pre-order. The official description of the necklace reveals the thought behind the design. DON'T MISS...Stop an avocado from going brown with clever food storage hack [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [VIDEO]Queen’s wardrobe staple for her Scottish holidays ‘Worn to relax’ [COMMENT] “Clear, pure, watery tones of these hand-cut Aquamarine stones are uplifting and joyful,” it reads. “A stone can have a very personal meaning, or it can resonate at an almost primal level when we are drawn without explanation to a particular rock. “We weave a story around a stone and charge it with meaning and deep significance. “It’s a particular emotional response to a stone and then it becomes an amulet. READ MORE: Lady Kitty's £330,000 engagement ring is an 'eternity band' - expert “Something that inspires courage and confidence, comfort and safety when it’s worn around our neck.” According to Crystals and Jewellery Meanings, aquamarine gems were “often used by sailors as a protective talisman against misfortunes at sea”. The “highly spiritual stone” also “encourages service to humanity” - something Meghan is passionate about. The crystal experts also explained some of the benefits aquamarines can bring to the wearer. Aquamarine has the “ability to shield your aura and protect you from negative vibrations”. It also allows you to balance emotions, and is a “useful stone for cleansing and aligning your chakras”. “The gentle, nurturing vibrations of this stone will calm you down and soothe frayed tempers,” the experts added. They say it is best to wear Aquamarine stones in jewellery so they are close to the skin. This way, the power of the stone can have a “direct connection to the energies of your body and surround you with its protective and supportive energy”.