Carol Vorderman has celebrated her daughter Katie’s incredible achievement as the 31-year-old graduated from Cambridge University. Evidently taking after her brainy mother, Katie received a PhD in nanotechnology. In view of her 232k followers, Carol, 61, gushed over the exciting news. “Big day today,” she wrote. “Cambridge [love heart]. My girl @katie.science has flown back from International Space University for her PhD graduation… Nanotechnology.” Carol added: “V proud mum…. She’s officially clever”. READ MORE: James Jordan warns wife Ola 'will regret' pic of 'mum and dad bods' Earlier this year, the former Countdown star shared her pride as Katie passed her exams, 44 years since Carol studied engineering at the same prestigious institution. “Have rarely been as happy as right now. It's like driving for miles and all the lights are on green,” she wrote, alongside a beaming selfie. “My girl katie.science. Grafter. Brilliant. Scientist. Funny. Stunning. “She passed her PHD in nanotechnology @cambridgeuniversity, I couldn't be prouder of more hungover,” she added. In another post, Carol explained more about Katie’s thesis, adding that “single parenting ain’t that bad”. Yesterday my girl Katie passed her 'viva'....an interrogation of her PhD thesis by a panel of examiners. “She can now call herself DOCTOR KATIE KING. It's all she has ever wanted to be since being a little girl. “A Cambridge research scientist and then to become an astronaut....like you do. DON'T MISS...Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [LATEST]'Shady ladies' Amanda Owen shares family update amid Clive split [UPDATE]Lorraine offers support to Kate Garraway as Derek's health takes turn [INSIGHT] “Her thesis was about the delivery of a new cancer drug. The drug is hydrophobic (doesn't mix with water) and so can be used instead of a chemotherapy technique as it does not mix with blood.” Carol continued: “'Hopefully at some point this will help cancer sufferers not have to endure the all encompassing effects of chemotherapy. “She is part of a big research team working at @cambridgeuniversity and with Astra Zeneca. “So here's me as her Mum. So proud. I know all the struggles she's overcome, and the hard graft she's put in to become this fine young woman. “I don't want this feeling to stop. She's on top of the world...and quite honestly I am too and so is her little brother Cameron. “What a lucky mother I am. Single parenting ain't that bad after all.” Carol shares Katie and Cameron, 25, with her management consultant ex-husband Patrick King. The former couple were married from 1990-2000.