Now's the time to treat yourself to a holiday getaway, and there's no need to overspend, as we've got the best holiday deals and discount codes. Express Discounts is here and has heaps of deals and discount codes for top holiday brands like Jet2holidays, Lastminute.com and First Choice. We all know that going abroad can be expensive but with these amazing deals, you'll be sure to find the right location, hotel, activities and more - whether you're after a romantic getaway or a fun family vacation. So, you can chill and enjoy a cocktail or two by the pool, with the knowledge that you've saved heaps. Jet2holidays provides you with all your holiday and travel essentials. Explore the hundreds of destinations available like Majorca, Tenerife, Lanzarote, Hvar, Santorini and so many more! We all want to get the best prices when we travel, at Jet2holidays you can find many offers for last-minute travel, booking in advance, free travel for children and other package deals. Right now, you can get money off all holidays, as well as money off for solo travellers and single-parent families. Jet2holidays brings you the best deals and offers for the summer holidays! Express Discounts will supply you with the best promo codes so you always know where to find Jet2holidays discount codes!  You can be sure to find the best deals when you use Lastminute.com to find your next summer holiday. Their website allows you to either browse all summer holidays or search by destinations like the Amalfi coast in Italy, Greece, Turkey, France and many more. Right now you can explore the all-inclusive summer deals and hotel and flight packages for as many nights as you desire! Once you have narrowed your search down to a location you can search all the places available. Each hotel page is packed with details and important information: find general information, location/address, images, flight details, room types, facilities and activities and reviews so you know exactly what you are booking in advance.   We all deserve a break once in a while so find your next summer holiday with First Choice. You can explore the different locations, hotels and holiday types, they have action-packed breaks, spas, luxury, family-friendly, couples, beach, all-inclusive, weddings and more. Also on the website, you can book car hire, private taxi transfers, late checkout, baby packs, kid’s buggies, excursions and diving packages. Explore now and find the perfect summer holiday for you. Whether you want an adventurous or relaxing experience at First Choice you will be sure to find the place. Make the most of these summer holiday offers to relax and enjoy your time away for less.  Be sure to use Express Discounts to find hundreds of deals and more for Jet2holidays, Lastminute.com and First Choice  