Kate Middleton, 40, attended her younger brother James Middleton’s wedding back in September last year. The 35-year-old is now married to Alizee Thevenet, a French financial expert. The couple married in Bormes-les-Mimosas in France, with both Kate and Prince William attending.  The Duchess of Cambridge reportedly wore a very low-key outfit to her brother’s wedding. This was so she would not “steal the show”, according to the French mayor. James married Alizée in a beautiful ceremony on September 11, 2021. His older sister Kate is renowned worldwide for her fashion. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage The Duchess always appears radiant and classy in her showstopper outfits. However, on James’s very important day, she decided to dress more casual for the occasion. Kate was one of the few guests who witnessed James’s wedding in the stunning village of Bormes-les-Mimosas. Only around 50 guests were invited, including his other sister Pippa and his nephews and nieces.  According to The Mirror, the French mayor who officiated the wedding admitted that Prince William and Kate were there but "did not want to steal the show from the newlyweds". He added: "Prince William did not have any formal attire, but wore a beige and off-white suit. “The Princess had a long dress of a very light green colour. "I was able to interact with them in very poor English, we talked about the charms of Bormes-les-Mimosas and its climate... it was a simple moment." READ MORE: Omid Scobie pinpoints when 'curiosity' for Kate & William waned in US James met Alizée in 2018 at a private members club in London. She is a French financial analyst and they announced their engagement in September 2019. Last year, James admitted that the couple twice had to postpone their wedding due to the coronavirus pandemic. The couple announced that they had married in an Instagram post.  He revealed to his 219,000 followers: "Yesterday I married the love of my life surrounded by family, friends and of course a few dogs in the beautiful village of Bormes-les-Mimosas. “Words cannot describe how happy I am." Alizee donned her new mother-in-law's wedding dress from 1981. Carole Middleton got to witness Alizee wearing her former gown to marry the youngest Middleton child. 