As she talked to the Director of Culture for Liverpool, Good Morning Britain host Charlotte Hawkins argued the UK doesn't have "that much to spare" to sort out next year's competition in comparison to what other countries had spent on the huge event. The ITV presenter used Azerbaijan as an example after the country spent £48 million in 2012. "When we think about the cost of it, it can be a lot for whoever's hosting," Charlotte commented. "You know, we're seeing Azerbaijan was said to have spent £48m hosting in 2012 - I'm not sure we've got that much to spare!" Liverpool culture expert Claire McColgan laughed as she explained she hoped whichever city hosts would be helped out, but added the city has shown it can "work quickly". It comes following Monday's announcement the UK has agreed to host the Eurovision Song Contest after coming second to Ukraine this year due to the ongoing war. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Claire added: "I think the key thing about Liverpool is we did the events research programme where we opened up the first nightclub - the first festival during Covid. "We work very quickly and Liverpool's got an infrastructure where we can put an event on in a really short time. "But the event it's really impactful as well. So we can shut the whole city down. "So even though the show itself's in the arena, we've got these really iconic spaces that are known across the world. "We can just do some really, really beautiful things that I don't think any other city can do." Co-host Ed Balls commented: "I think we need to make sure that the two leadership contenders get asked in tonight's debate whether they'll slump up the cash." He said confidently: "I can guarantee they will both say yes." Claire explained why she believes Liverpool should host the contest. DON'T MISS... Charlotte Hawkins blasts cost of Eurovision ‘Don’t have THAT much' [LATEST]GMB viewers 'switch off' over 'pointless' Starmer interview  [VIDEO]Robert Redford opens up on Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid snub [VIDEO] It was officially confirmed on Monday the Eurovision Song Contest will take place in the UK. It comes after Sam Ryder's Spaceman saw the UK coming second to Ukraine back in May, and the hunt for a city for the contest to be held in has now begun. The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) announced the decision had been made following the exploration of hosting the Contest in Ukraine, and regrettably concluding that for safety and security reasons this was not possible. As a result of those discussions, the BBC, as runner-up in the 2022 Contest, was invited by the EBU to act as Host Broadcaster for the 67th Eurovision Song Contest.  Ukraine, as the winning country in 2022, will automatically qualify for the Grand Final of the upcoming Contest along with the so-called ‘Big 5’ (those countries that financially contribute the most towards the Contest: France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom). Martin Österdahl, the Eurovision Song Contest’s Executive Supervisor, said: "We’re exceptionally grateful that the BBC has accepted to stage the Eurovision Song Contest in the UK in 2023. "The BBC has taken on hosting duties for other winning countries on four previous occasions." It's not yet known whereabouts in the UK the Contest will be held, but a list of UK citites are expected to make a bid this week. In previous years, London has been the top spot for the competition but Aberdeen, Newcastle and Bristol are all expected to make a bid. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.