Coronation Street actress Jennie McAlpine has been very open about her weight loss journey over the years, having lost a significant amount of weight since she joined the Weatherfield clan back in 2001. And it's all down to an "essential" combination of two things. "A balanced diet and regular exercise are essential to maintain a healthy lifestyle and start your weight loss journey," she said. The TV star, who plays Fiz Brown in the ITV soap, has lost two stone since embarking on her weight loss journey, dropping three dress sizes. Eating a balanced diet supplies the nutrients the body needs to work effectively and without balanced nutrition, the body is more prone to disease, infection, fatigue, and low performance, according to Healthline. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake To maintain good health, experts have recommended to limit consumption of empty calories and instead try to get calories from foods that are rich in other nutrients. The actress revealed she tries not to stress about what she eats and has said she is happy with her overall image. And her methods are quite simple. According to Jennie, she makes sure her diet is healthy but she doesn’t restrict herself. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] She explained that her secret behind her successful weight loss journey was all down to "common sense". She said back in 2009: "I don’t go in for all the diet plans and worrying yourself silly over how much you weigh. "Ice cream is bad, salad is good. It’s not rocket science!" Jennie added: "If you eat more of the good stuff and take more exercise, then you’ll lose weight." READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice While exercise doesn’t always result in weight loss directly, it can help to create a larger calorie deficit. A calorie deficit is when the body is burning more calories than it is consuming. More recently, Jennie revealed she doesn’t like discussing her body image. Appearing on Loose Women, she discussed how she was left "distressed" when her transformation was talked about in a magazine. She shared in 2017: "On the front of the magazine was ‘Jennie McAlpine admits to us ‘I wish I had a gastric band.’ "I was so distressed," she said, "I refuse to talk about [weight] because I don’t want to be responsible for a young boy or young girl reading that.”