Prince Charles, accompanied by his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, arrived at the event’s opening ceremony this evening in an Aston Martin. Seventy-two other cars, all either red, white or blue, also drove into the ceremony and took the formation of the Union Flag. The Queen was unable to attend the event herself. But she prepared a speech, which was read at the ceremony, held at Alexander Stadium, Birmingham, by her son, the Prince of Wales. “Over the years, the coming together of so many for the 'Friendly Games' has created memorable shared experiences, established long standing relationships, and even created some friendly rivalries! “But above all they remind us of our connection with one another, wherever we may be in the world, as part of the Commonwealth family of nations. “Tonight, in the words of the founder of the Games, we embark once again on a novel adventure here in Birmingham, a pioneering city which has drawn in and embraced so many throughout its history. READ MORE: Prince Charles Bond-style entrance to Commonwealth Games “It is a city symbolic of the rich diversity and unity of the Commonwealth, and one which now welcomes you al in friendship.” Her Majesty, through Prince Charles, continued: “My warmest thanks go to all those who have worked so hard to ensure the success of this particularly special sporting event, and I wish each athlete and team every success. “Your hard work and dedication, particularly in recent times, have been an inspiration to all of us. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] “It now gives me the greatest pleasure to declare the 22nd Commonwealth Games open.” The Commonwealth Games were first introduced in 1930 and have been held every four years, with the exception of 1942 and 1946, since. The monarch, who has opened every Commonwealth Baton Relay since 1958, serves as patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation, while Prince Edward hold the honour of vice-patron. On Thursday, however, Charles was joined at the opening ceremony by Duchess Camilla, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.  