It comes after Russia conceded on Friday that it would not attack merchant vessels exporting grain from Ukrainian ports around the world. Before the invasion, the embattled nation was a key exporter of the basic foodstuffs, and the war has seen its ability to grow and produce such goods dramatically. But the deal with the Kremlin, brokered by the UN and Turkey, is already in choppy waters. Just hours after Moscow signed up to the pledge, a missile attack on the port city of Odessa raised fears again that non-combat ships would be caught in the crossfire of Putin’s horror war. The invasion has meant that millions of tons of grains – including wheat, corn and maize – has been trapped at ports. In previous months of the conflict, Russia has been accused of actively targeting grain stores within the country, in an apparent attempt to inhibit the nation’s food supply. It has also filled the surrounding waters with mines. International calls for a trade corridor to be opened grew after food prices soared. READ MORE: World hunger fears as Ukrainian farmers plant just 6% of spring crop The Ukrainian Government is now hoping the UK will come to the rescue to calm fears of merchant seafarers about navigating the Black Sea. Britain is expected to subsidise insurance policies for sailors in the region in case they are hit, taking the financial burden away from shipping companies. But according to Oleksandr Kubrakov, Ukraine’s minister for infrastructure, the deal should go further to provide even more support. Speaking to Politico, he said he hoped a deal will be struck with the UK “soon”, adding: “The idea is not only to subsidise, the idea is to provide additional guarantees.” Mr Kubrakov is said to be holding talks with the UK Government and “some international financial institutions” to smooth the way. While he remains cautious about an agreement being struck, for the UK Foreign Secretary, it seems to be a surety. In a Tory leadership debate on Monday, Liz Truss said that “an agreement has been reached” on maritime insurance to get the grain out of Odessa. A Foreign Office spokesperson clarified to the publication that it was in “close touch with the insurance industry to secure commercial maritime guarantees that support the UN initiative”. DON'T MISS:Vanessa Feltz quits Radio 2 after 12 years ‘I need to step down’Women’s Hour claims England’s Lionesses is a sexist nameBBC commentator cries as 8-year-old Tess awarded England final tickets Mr Kubrakov said it was hoped that ships would be able to start carrying grain away as early as this week, likely leaving Odessa or Chornomorsk – the latter city sitting next to the former. A ship supplied by the Ukrainian Government would lead the convoy through the mine field. But the attacks on the ports themselves might end up scaring away any potential seafarers, as they pose a continued risk to lives and supplies. Though Ukrainian authorities reported that the missile attack on Odessa missed the grain store there, reports from within the country suggest that on Tuesday Russian forces targeted the port in Mykolaiv – which is not covered by the UN deal. Oleksiy Goncharenko, a Ukrainian MP representing Odesa, commented: “These attacks are increasing the risks for sure.” To compound matters, the increase cost of shipping might also prove a deciding factor in whether ships choose to venture towards Ukraine. Larysa Bilozir, a Ukrainian MP, stated: “Freight before the war cost $30 [£25] a ton; probably now it will be $200 [£165]. “I’m sure it will be five, six times more expensive because of the insurance and because of the great risk.”