The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors has forecast a slow in house prices between now and September, with some sellers expected to lose out when it comes to selling their homes. For years, experts have warned of ‘undesirable’ features reducing the value of properties on the market, but which details should you be focusing on in your kitchen? Here are the key hotspots that could reduce the value of your home, according to estate agents. For many households, the kitchen is where many households spend most of their time, so making the most of the space is essential to maximise the sale price. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ruth Lavender, design expert at Benchmarx Kitchens said: “The space needs to work effectively and bring joy to the homeowner’s day-to-day life, so having a design that not only looks good but functions well, can be a deal breaker.” While you can’t put a price on the benefits of a well-presented and tidy home, there are a few things that could be viewed as a red flag for prospective buyers. READ MORE: Laundry hacks: Why you should never wash towels or sheets with clothes Buyers are looking for a space that is going to work for them, and if the storage solutions aren’t maximised, or are lacking completely, this is likely to deter some people from making an offer on your property. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Gemma Caulfield, property expert and senior valuer at Bramleys said: “Cupboard space is what people want and it will look better for buyers as well.” A multi-functional space with plenty of hidden places to keep everything from cutlery to pantry items is one of the biggest factors for people considering a property purchase. To showcase the best your kitchen has to offer, re-evaluate how you have used the space and consider how to maximise what you do have.  Visible, open shelving is a necessity and can add texture and personality to a kitchen, but it could also give the wrong impression to buyers looking for a spacious property. According to the team at We Buy Any House, these open storage solutions can suggest that there is not enough space elsewhere in the kitchen, for example in cupboards and drawers. What’s more, they can also look rather unsightly if they are left unorganised. Therefore, if you do have open shelves and have things on them, it’s a good idea to reduce the number of items on them before inviting potential buyers indoors. DON'T MISS:Savings option could mean your wealth is free from inheritance tax [REVEAL]The beautiful city Elvis Presley lived in - house prices £128k [INSIGHT]House price forecast: Will Tory leadership race impact housing market [ANALYSIS] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There’s a general rule of thumb that when you’re selling your property, your home should appear as a blank canvas so that prospective buyers can envision themselves living in the property. While bold colours may be considered on-trend, they should be kept out of the kitchen when it comes to selling. Gemma recommended painting over statement cabinets and tiles where possible to keep costs low and avoid over-spending on unnecessary home improvements before selling. You will need specialist products for this, so do your research before using any type of paint in your kitchen space. Accessibility is crucial for kitchen areas, so consider small changes in boxy rooms and spaces that “just don’t work”. Gemma explained that floors and design features should flow through extended spaces to keep the space looking open and desirable. The layout of your kitchen is also something to consider. Gemma added that poorly placed islands and even extended rooms can be off-putting for buyers, and should be avoided if you are considering any major changes before selling up.