It is precisely when household finances are pummeled by inflation that people need a Government that will allow them to keep as much of their cash as possible. People vote Conservative because they believe in the moral and economic necessity of low taxation. They do not want ministers to pay lip service to these verities while maximising the tax take; they want action that will help struggling families today. The increase in the National Insurance threshold is welcome but it is incongruous that nearly 45 percent of the price of petrol at the pump goes on duty, VAT and environmental taxes and fees. Transport by car is not a luxury but the only option for millions of people living in isolated areas; when the average pump price has hit 191.43p per litre it is intolerable for the Government to rake in billions while households suffer. Brexit won us new freedoms to vary tax rates but it will be a tragedy for Britain if institutional timidity at the Treasury stops us from using every tool at our disposal to ignite growth and avoid a recession. There is no shortage of global examples of how low taxation encourages investment and results in sustained growth, which in turn permits major improvements to infrastructure and public services. The Prime Minister and the Chancellor should listen to advocates for tax cuts at every level of their party. But, more importantly, they should also listen to the millions of citizens who worry about simply getting through the coming months. It is time to lift their tax burden.  Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi is absolutely right to encourage employers to drop requirements that job applicants have a degree. There are millions of workers who have exceptional skills and experience who could excel in white collar jobs if given a chance. At a time when employers are struggling to find staff, it is perverse to turn away legions of people who have years of experience in managing finances and personnel, who have developed products and met the demands of customers with panache. It is regrettable that so many occupations demand that applicants have gone to university. Journalism once routinely welcomed non-graduates into the workforce; people from different classes and backgrounds served apprenticeships and those with intelligence and enthusiasm thrived. People should not be coerced into going to university and amassing debt simply so they can get an employer to look at their CV. Let’s welcome them into the workforce so their skills – and the economy – can grow. EDUCATION Secretary Nadhim Zahawi is absolutely right to encourage employers to drop requirements that job applicants have a degree. There are millions of workers who have exceptional skills and experience who could excel in white collar jobs if given a chance. At a time when employers are struggling to find staff, it is perverse to turn away legions of people who have years of experience in managing finances and personnel, who have developed products and met the demands of customers with panache. It is regrettable that so many occupations demand that applicants have gone to university. Journalism once routinely welcomed non-graduates into the workforce; people from different classes and backgrounds served apprenticeships and those with intelligence and enthusiasm thrived. People should not be coerced into going to university and amassing debt simply so they can get an employer to look at their CV. Let’s welcome them into the workforce so their skills – and the economy – can grow.