The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union announced this evening (Friday) that next week's strike on July 27 will definitely take place. When it had previously announced the walkouts of some 40,000 workers, it had said it "remained open for further talks".  However, the transport union said today that there had been "no breakthrough" in talks, promising more travel misery as Britain heads into the summer holidays. RMT General Secretary claimed that "Network Rail have not made any improvement on their previous pay offer, and the train companies have not offered us anything new". Rail workers across fourteen national networks - including Greater Anglia, LNER and Great Western - will stage a 24-hour walkout starting at 2am for National Rail employees and midnight across the company-operated services. The strike follows the largest walkouts since 1989 in June, and promises to cripple the UK's public transport system once more.   Next week, however, will be the first week after schools break up for the summer, meaning many families will be looking to get away for their holidays. And the travel misery is unlikely to stop there: RMT has planned further strikes on August 18 and 20. Meanwhile, rail networks will also be affected by train driver strikes on July 30, by members of Aslef and TSSA. Train operators expect disruption to continue the days after the strikes, as they grapple with returning to a normal schedule.   Two furious holidaymakers, speaking anonyously, who were planning a summer getaway to Cornwall, told Express.co.uk: “We are absolutely livid. “We planned this trip months ago and now to have it be forcefully cancelled because of rail strikes is beyond a joke. “The RMT should be ashamed. They’ve single handedly left this country in a state of chaos.” The union workers are striking over pay, conditions and potential job cuts.   It said that National Rail had offered a 4 percent pay rise this year, followed by a potential 4 percent again next year, but only if workers accept new terms and conditions. RMT claimed rail operators had given no pay rise offer and no guarantees about job losses. Mr Lynch commented: “In fact, Network Rail have upped the ante [by] threatening to impose compulsory redundancies and unsafe 50 percent cuts to maintenance work if we did not withdraw our planned strike action. “The train operating companies have put driver only operations on the table, along with ransacking our members terms and conditions.   “RMT will continue to negotiate in good faith but we will not be bullied or cajoled by anyone.” Tim Shoveller, Network Rail’s lead negotiator in the dispute, responded to today's news: “Once again the RMT Executive has walked away from ongoing and constructive talks that could have avoided next week’s strike and it’s now abundantly clear that their political campaign is taking precedence over representing their members’ interests. “A two-year 8 percent deal with a no compulsory redundancy guarantee and other benefits and extras was on the table and they have walked away without giving their members a voice or a choice. “Our door remains open to try and avert this pointless action that will cost strikers dear. We will now consider how we will move forward with our reform plans despite the RMT obstinacy.”   The other rail networks to be affected are: London's tube lines (operated by Transport for London) and the new Elizabeth Line (operated by MTR) will be unaffected by strike action. RMT and Aslef workers will also strike on Hull Trains next Wednesday, as well as Saturday and Sunday (23-24 July). 