ITV viewers tuned in on Wednesday night to watch Camilla's Country Life, which gave a rare insight into the Duchess of Cornwall's life. With access to Camilla in her role as Guest Editor of Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday, this one-off programme also shared stories from the future Queen Consort's sister, Annabel. However, during one segment, Jeremy Clarkson also spoke about the royal and the moment he first met her. "I am friendly with her son," he began. "I honestly don't know..." Speaking of the Clarkson's Farm star, Camilla praised: "He made people realise how difficult farming is. "I think some people see farming as sort of, cows sitting in a meadow on a beautiful day and they don't realise the work and the difficulties that are behind it." READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself? When asked whether he knew the Duchess very well, The Grand Tour presenter said: "Yes, I think we get on very well. "We used to go...perhaps I shouldn't say this, but we used to sneak a crafty fag around the back of things. "I don't smoke anymore," he insisted before being asked whether the royal still does. "I think she might sneak a crafty one occasionally, but you'd have to ask her."  Paying a tribute to Camilla, Jeremy continued: "She's very good with people, she's got a twinkle in her eye. "I mean, she obviously came from a privileged background, but not so privileged that the cushions have to be velvet and blue M&Ms have to be taken out. "You do get the impression that she is one of us." When asked about the "strange life they lead", the former Top Gear star said: "Imagine. I can't even begin.. the horror of it..." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tyrone killed as Phill learns the truth [SPOILERS]James May takes swipe at Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of Queen Victoria's knickers [VIDEO] "I certainly know what it's like when people recognise you..cultivated over the years so I can tell people to b****r off," he admitted. "And they sort of expect it. "But somebody like the Duchess can't say, 'Will you leave me alone?' because people wouldn't expect that of her. "She has to be gracious, she has to be polite." "She could always walk away," the interviewer suggested as Jeremy replied: "She can't even do that. "She has to stand there and listen to people which must be incredibly boring. I can't imagine how boring people would be." Camilla's sister Annabel also discussed memories from their childhood, admitting she still hasn't forgiven her sibling for burying her teddy bear in the garden The Duchess of Cornwall said: “Yes, Tiddy Bar - he had a very happy resting ground.” "I’ve not forgiven her," Annabel joked. "It still rankles to this day!”  Camilla's Country Life is available to watch on the ITV Hub.