Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) has been through the wringer on Coronation Street in recent years. She still believes her mother Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) killed her father Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) before she died from an illness. The troubled teenager was recently kidnapped by her loanshark father's associates who were demanding £50,000 for her release. Luckily, she was saved by Gary Windass (Mikey North) - but will she join the criminal underworld when his dark secret is unearthed? Coronation Street fans will remember Gary was the real person behind Rick's death after he lured him into the woods. Gary and his wife Maria (Samia Longchambon) hope Kelly, who they have taken under their roof, will never learn the truth about Rick's death. In dramatic scenes which recently aired on the ITV soap, Gary fought off Kelly's kidnappers when he discovered she was being held captive in a cellar. Gary tracked her down and got in a brutal fist fight with one of her abductors as Kelly looked on in horror. READ MORE: ‘No!' Naga Munchetty mortified after BBC Breakfast blunder She feared Gary might kill the kidnapper as he was fighting so fiercely, but she convinced him to stop and head back to the cobbles. Kelly found herself in danger after she tried to right her father's wrongs by visiting his former clients and paying them back their money. It appears to Gary and Maria the youngster is trying to put the terrifying ordeal behind her but is she hiding a secret from them? Could one of the abductors have told Kelly that Gary was responsible for Rick's death?  Kelly would be devastated to learn the truth and may find it hard to trust anyone again. Perhaps she will turn to a life of crime just as her dodgy father did to make ends meet. It is highly unlikely Kelly would forgive Gary and Maria, so she would have to move out of their home. Kelly actress Millie recently told Express.co.uk and other media how her character is similar to her late father. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Stu Carpenter exposed as Aaron's abuser [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Triple exit as Abi, Jack and Alfie leave [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman and Aaron to have a baby [UPDATE] "She's so stubborn," Millie added. "I think that's another characteristic she developed from her mum and dad." The actress continued: "She's really determined to do what she thinks is best." Does Kelly believe following in her father's footsteps would be best? Gary actor Mikey told Express.co.uk the crimes his character has committed have only been to protect his family.  "He's never gone out to do anything bad in cold blood or with bad intent," he added. "It's always been with his family in mind." When asked if Gary sees Kelly as a daughter figure, he replied: “Absolutely and [they are] growing closer all the time. "You'll see by the way he speaks to her now, he's changed to sort of become more of this father figure." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 