Official data shows 2.7 million people in private households were estimated to have had COVID-19 over the past week. The figure is up 18 percent from 2.3 million the previous week. Health minister Lord Kamall was asked in the House of Lords what the Government was prepared to do if rising cases began to impact the health system. He told peers the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) was still "focusing on the backlog". But he added: "If it gets to a point where it is affecting the backlog then clearly measures may well have to be introduced." Lord Kamall said earlier: “We continue to see COVID-19 case rates and hospitalisations rising in all age groups, with the largest increases in hospitalisations and ICU admissions in those aged 75 and older. "The largest proportion of those hospitalised are for reasons other than COVID, however COVID is identified due to the increasing case rates in the community and the high rate of testing in hospital, including among those with no respiratory systems. "Current data does not point to cases becoming more severe." Several scientists on Independent SAGE have started publicly lobbying for the return of the free lateral flow scheme, outdoor mixing and face coverings. Professor Christina Pagel, an expert in mathematics at University College London, said wearing masks, particularly high-quality ones, was vital. She told The i: “To stop this cycle happening over and over again, so that we can sustainably live with the Covid, we need the Government to do much more: bring back free testing for people, increase sick pay and encourage those with Covid or symptoms of Covid to stay home.” Dr Steve Griffin, a virologist at Leeds University, says there is a need for much more vigilance generally. He added: “We are experiencing plateaus of infection between waves that are far higher than we ever had before last summer, simply due to the lack of mitigations in place. “Leaving vaccines to deal with the pandemic alone simply isn’t working and we need to do more over the longer term to build resilience against such a high level of infections. “This does not mean lockdowns but learning to pro-actively live with the virus, rather than passively ignoring and dismissing this infection, which remains a public health concern regardless of some wishes or personal choices.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Huffy' Sunak storms out of high-stakes ERG meeting A Government advisor told MailOnline when restrictions were in place, “they didn’t make a significant impact on Covid”. They said: ”If you're in a higher risk group, you need to get vaccinated and wear well-fitted FFP2 or FFP3. For the general public, washing hands and wearing masks in crowded places can all help. “I would focus more on public health messaging than legal restrictions because it's also based on likely compliance with these restrictions. Restrictions only work if people are willing to do them and I think that's unlikely at the moment. “When Scotland had a mask mandate, it didn’t really make much difference to the overall outcome, but individuals can protect themselves by wearing well-fitted FFP2 or FFP3 masks.” DON'T MISS 'Your fault, Boris!' PM has nobody to blame but himself for losing job Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians UK on brink of first-ever LEVEL 4 heatwave as extreme warning issued According to the Office of National Statistics (ONS), Covid cases jumped by more than half a million, with the rise likely to be driven by the latest Omicron variants BA.4 and BA.5. ONS data show in summer 2020 below 0.1 percent of the population in England were testing positive, with now 3.35 percent of the population reporting cases. A report from Covid analysis app ZOE shows a headache has become the most reported symptom of the virus. More than two in three of all Covid patients who used the app reported suffering a headache before returning positive tests. Professor Tim Spector, who leads the Zoe Health Study app, told The Guardian: “There are definitely a lot of people who got Covid at the start of the year who are getting it again, including some with BA.4/5 who had BA.1/2 just four months ago, who thought they would be protected.” Sarah Crofts, ONS head of analytical outputs for the Covid-19 infection survey, said: “Across the UK we’ve seen a continued increase of over half a million infections, likely caused by the growth of BA.4 and BA.5 variants. “This rise is seen across all ages, countries and regions of England. “We will continue to monitor the data closely to see if this growth continues in the coming weeks.” The virus remains most prevalent in Scotland, where 288,200 people were estimated to have had Covid last week, or one in 18.