Coronation Street's Audrey (played by Sue Nicholls) has had a tough time recently after being involved in a horrifying accident which led to a short stint in hospital. She was trapped under a motorbike in the barbers all night until Stephen (Todd Boyce) rescued her and called an ambulance. Since her accident, Audrey has come to realise how badly her family treat her and has been shutting them off, including taking their names off her will. She has trusted Stephen with her finances as well as the rest of the family's, but they aren't happy with the way it has been handled. A new theory could see Stephen has a darker plan at play and is using his mother's accident to gain control of the finances and take them for himself. Audrey initially told the family she was going to be leaving all of her money to the Weatherfield Association of Retail Traders, a memory she shares with her late husband Alf Roberts (Bryan Mosley). The family were left furious and disappointed when they found out, which led to David Platt (Jack P Shephard) looking to seek the power of attorney to overrule her decision. This left Audrey even more upset with her family, revealing it was a test, one in which they failed and decided to put Stephen in charge of the funds. Not only did this leave the family suspicious, it also left viewers worried about the true intentions of Stephen. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast presenters 'shed a tear' for Sue Barker over last match In upcoming scenes, Gail Platt (Helen Worth) reveals she’s booked a table for a family meal to celebrate Audrey’s birthday. David also reveals he, too, has planned a nice surprise for Audrey, leaving them to argue over who gets to do what. Not wanting to deal with their bickering, Audrey asserts a meal with the family is the last thing she wants, and she won’t be attending. Not wanting to upset their grandmother even further, and with Audrey already feeling underwhelmed by her birthday meal, the family take her to show her their surprise. She soon discovers they’ve signed a rental agreement with Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney) and her old salon is now hers again. Later, Gail calls Audrey, worried she didn’t seem herself earlier after they surprised her with the salon. Audrey assures her daughter it’s nothing a good night’s sleep won’t put right but fails to mention that she’s lying in a hospital bed. Have the family pushed Audrey too far and made her more ill than they realise? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Phill Whittaker's 'big secret'  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Tyrone killed as Phill learns the truth [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary destroyed by guilt as Kelly murdered [WATCH] Now the salon is under Audrey's name again, could Stephen set his sights on another of his mother's possessions, as well as the money in the will? Having control over the will and then the salon could just be the start of Stephen's plan, he could end up leaving the family with nothing. Viewers have also had their suspicions since Stephen returned to Weatherfield, with many finding it weird that he turned up out of the blue. @itzzzo_ commented: "Stephen is definitely up to something, you don't come back after all these years out of the blue without a motive." @Sarah8917x added: "Stephen is the one that's gonna take all of Audrey's money." @cassandra2010 theorised: "So Stephen is going to stick around and embezzle the trust funds." Whilst @Cinders12345678 claimed: "Stephen is broke & in debt, so he is trying to take Audrey’s money." "And Stephen is going to run off with the trust funds, isn't he?" @Rachel_IRL quipped. (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.