James Corden was lending a helping hand at the White House, discussing Boris Johnson’s hair and the kidnapping of boy band One Direction. The comedian and talk show host also visited the kitchen at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, helping out with “food security,” and opened a press briefing with US news reporters.  The humorous sketches came as part of a special edition of the Take A Break segment of Mr Corden’s The Late Late Show. Posing as President Biden’s personal assistant for the day, Mr Corden offered to get the president a snack before “redecorating” the Oval Office with a picture of himself with Harry Styles. He later asked the POTUS: “Which of the world leaders have you got on that phone on speed dial? “We could call Boris Johnson.”  The US President replied: “Boris talks to me all the time, I wish I had his hair, I could have got elected sooner.” The TV host quipped back: “You wish you had Boris Johnson’s hair? Nobody has ever said that in the history of talking about hair.” Later while talking to ex-White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki about the briefing schedule, Mr Corden asked her: “Where does the president stand on One Direction getting back together? “Should they be kidnapped, placed together as a band, and pushed out one more time?” READ MORE: China on track for 'contagious crash' within weeks - threat for world Ms Psaki responds: “The kidnapping place feels a little dark for us.” Meanwhile, Mr Biden told British Prime Minister Boris Johnson about his night out with his granddaughters as he arrived for the final day of the NATO summit in Madrid on Thursday. Biden was joined by Maisy, 21, and Finnegan Biden, 22, for dinner the night before at the Prado Museum where they met Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez and his wife Begona Gomez. The leaders swapped notes on their evenings and it sounded as if they had chafed at security restrictions on their time in the Spanish capital. DON'T MISS:Princess Diana’s ‘saucy’ joke to a radio hostPrincess Diana sent William naughty gifts at school to make him laughPrince Louis defended by Mike Tindall for Jubilee balcony antics As Mr Biden sat down at the NATO summit, the PM asked: “How was your evening?” President Biden could be heard saying, “Good” on a TV feed of the meeting, “'Great time with my granddaughters.” Mr Johnson followed up: “Get out of the town or what did you do?” 