 As the cost of living continues to put pressure on the pockets of Britons, many from low-income households may feel like they need that extra bit of support to get by. The Household Support fund is a scheme which has given local council’s a put of money to distribute to those who are most in need with the council having the discretion of where it should be spent. This means that it can be a postcode lottery on what help people can access. Some local authorities are offering as much as £200 in financial support.      It was initially worth £500million but has since been boosted twice since the scheme‘s original launch, with £1.5billion made available in total. The scheme has been extended and will run for a further six months to the end of September 2022. Some councils are giving the cash out automatically, while others will need to apply directly. To access the Household support Fund people will need to contact their local council with many councils having a dedicated web page explaining how it is running the scheme. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly     These pages will also detail who is eligible, what support can be provided, and how a person can apply. Most of the time, people will need to be on a low income, claim certain benefits or be over state pension age to receive the help. Dependent on the different councils people will need to be over the age of 16 years or 18 years to be eligible. Certain councils will also reject applications if a person has savings.     Britons will need their National Insurance number to apply as well as details about their household finances, a person's individual earnings and their expenses. Councils will also require people to produce evidence of why they need the support. According to the Government guidance, the Household Support Fund would provide a third of the money will go to households with children, a third would be dedicated to pensioners, and a third for everyone else. If a person’s application is rejected, they have the ability to appeal the decision.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack    However, the appeal can only be made within seven days. With the food vouchers, the amount that people can receive depends on the size of the household. Although the majority of people will not qualify for the full £160 amount many will be able to claim some support when buying food. The vouchers can be spent at a wide variety of supermarkets such as Aldi, Iceland, Waitrose, Morrisons, Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, McColls, and Farmfoods. People who are eligible will receive an e-voucher and will need to go online and convert it into a gift card for one of the supermarkets. People will be able to apply for the vouchers through referrals from social workers, neighbourhood housing officers, housing-related support workers, income management officers, or schools.     The government said that “the fund is to supplement and not replace household budgets," but individuals are encouraged to contact authorities if they believe they are eligible for the help. This Household Support Fund is separate from the cost of living support which was announced by the Government earlier this year. Other help announced by the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak includes a £400 discount on energy bills for every home, and a £650 one-off payment for people who claim benefits. In the autumn, pensioner households will also get £300 one-off payment and disabled people will get a £150 payment.     