Bernd Lange took to Twitter to launch a furious attack against Boris Johnson as the Prime Minister prepared to cave to huge pressure and resign. He wrote: "Finally. End of an undignified spectacle. It was Boris Johnson only about maintaining power and one's own ego. Staging + escalation instead of solution-oriented politics. Enough of the British theatre thunder. We need a fresh start. Relationships EU - UK & practical solutions for the implementation of the NI protocol."  MEP and Brexit critic Guy Verhofstadt also wasted little time putting the boot in following Mr Johnson's resignation, crowing: "Things can only get better." The former Belgian Prime Minister, who was key in attempts to reverse the result of the 2016 referendum, reacted on Twitter within minutes of Mr Johnson’s announcement. He tweeted: “Boris Johnson's reign ends in disgrace, just like his friend Donald Trump. “The end of an era of transatlantic populism? Let's hope so. “EU - UK relations suffered hugely with Johnson's choice of Brexit. Things can only get better!” Mr Johnson quit following a mass exodus of ministers and MPs who made clear his position was untenable. He will remain as Prime Minister until a successor is in place, which could happen before the Conservative Party conference in October. The Prime Minister spoke to Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the Conservative 1922 Committee, to inform him of his decision. READ MORE: Seven Tory leadership hopefuls that could replace Boris Johnson  A No 10 source said: "The Prime Minister has spoken to Graham Brady and agreed to stand down in time for a new leader to be in place by the conference in October." Mr Johnson made a statement outside 10 Downing Street to confirm the decision. Reaction to the news had quickly been flooding in from throughout UK politics. Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer said: "It is good news for the country that Boris Johnson has resigned as Prime Minister.  "But it should have happened long ago. He was always unfit for office. "He has been responsible for lies, scandal and fraud on an industrial scale." Scottish First Minister and SNP Nicola Sturgeon, who has been at odds with Mr Johnson over a second independence referendum, lashed out at the possibility of the Prime Minister remaining in his role until the autumn. She said: "There will be a widespread sense of relief that the chaos of the last few days (indeed months) will come to an end, though notion of Boris Johnson staying on as PM until autumn seems far from ideal, and surely not sustainable?" Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 