And that once people have got into the habit of using alternative forms of transport, that it might be difficult to tempt them back? I have sympathy with people taking action if they feel they are exploited but, as miners found out, people are creatures of habit, and once that is broken there's a grave danger that the strikers will have cut their own throats. By the time the miners had returned the demand for high-priced UK coal had dipped in favour of cheaper imported coal. Pits closed and many miners lost their jobs.  I am really struggling to deal with the threatened rail strike by, of all employees, the drivers, says Ray Mason from Aylesford, Kent. From what I gather, some of these drivers are on £60,000 to £70,000 a year. It must be really difficult to manage on such a small income. Maybe they should try living on a state pension.They may then realise how fortunate they are.  Industrial action over Conservative politics has been a long time coming, says Syd Vaughan from Birmingham. Ten years of austerity, two years of lockdown and now the threat of a recession. We have seen the highest tax increases since the war and workers' wages losing value daily. No day is a good day for a strike, but what else do you do? If you want to point the finger, then point it towards the Tories.  I AM not at all surprised at the support for Penny Mordaunt in the Conservative leadership contest, says Geoffrey Brooking from Havant, Hampshire. Penny proved to me a long time ago that she can bring all wings of the party together. One only has to look at the community projects that she supports in her constituency to see what a compassionate person she is too. Penny is also a Royal Navy reservist from a military family. These are gifts any Prime Minister would be proud of.  I am a pensioner and just cannot get my mind around the snowflake generation, says Susan Dance from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. In 1963 when there was snow for three months I walked two miles to school and back every day. In 1976 when we had a three month heatwave I worked in an office with just one cooling fan between four desks and we just got on with it and life. What is it with this childish, immature generation which cannot cope with life without government intervention telling them what to do? Its called weather, just learn to live with it. 