Rising prices can be particularly tough especially on the older generation who typically have a lower income to rely on. Kathryn Rider, a 65-year-old from Birmingham recently took early retirement only to find out her husband had lost his job. When it comes to retirement things don't always go exactly to plan. One woman, 65-year-old Kathyrn Rider told Express.co.uk how she regrets retiring early now that the cost of living crisis is depleting her and her husband’s savings. To make matters worse, her husband lost his job during the pandemic when the factory he worked at closed down. She said: “We’ve both retired and because we took early retirement we’ve got no income coming in." READ MORE: National Insurance change means millions get £330 extra - how to check The woman from Birmingham continued: “My official retirement age is next year. "He lost his job in lockdown. "He worked for a factory full of disabled people and that closed down and went into receivership in lockdown. "It's been more of a struggle than we anticipated - let's just put it that way." DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: The one thing everyone aged over 66 needs to know [ALERT]Woman, 64, explains how she makes extra £800 per month [INSIGHT]The ten changes to tax, sick pay and more coming this July [WARNING]Cost of living crisis: 20 ways to save and make money this July [UPDATE] Kathryn's husband is not alone - many older workers feel forced into retiring early when they lose their jobs later in life. In fact, there has been an increase in inactivity amongst older age groups in most regions over the last few years. Clare Lombardelli, Chief Economic Advisor at the Treasury, said this could have major implications for the economy. She said: “Economic inactivity can be damaging to individuals, risking lower living standards, lower retirement income, and potentially poorer physical and mental health.” READ MORE: State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay  The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has just launched a new support package worth £22million to tackle unemployment amongst the over 50s. The Government money will be spent on new measures to help thousands of people who are over 50 and out of work. Jobseekers will receive more one-to-one support to help them back into work before they retire. The launch comes after figures show one in 10 over 50s have disappeared from the workforce in the past five years after being made redundant, according to research published by Legal & General Retail Retirement (LGRR) and the Centre for Economics and Business Research (Cebr). Among the 177,000 over 50s made redundant every year, 20,000 are estimated to have left the workforce altogether. The Centre for Ageing Better welcomed the DWP launch which they said would help older people who typically face more challenges than their younger counterparts. Carole Easton, Chief Executive at the Centre for Ageing Better, said:  “Seeing DWP continue to recognise the importance of a bespoke approach to older workers is really welcome. “We know that older workers face unique challenges, such as ageism in the workplace and a possible gap in skills compared to some of their younger counterparts, so we will gladly support any tailored action that begins to chip away at these significant roadblocks standing in the way of older people accessing fulfilling work.”