Manchester United could be stuck with a player who doesn’t want to be there in the Galactico form of Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal international is eager to leave for a team playing in the Champions League and, though he’ll be professional, keeping a wantaway player of his stature carries a giant risk. So Express Sport will now take a look at five ways United can use the 37-year-old in a swap deal this summer ignorer to ensure they get an exit that suits them. One team who could sign Ronaldo, even though they don’t normally go for veterans, is Napoli. The Serie A giants can offer the Portugal international Champions League football, having finished third in the table last season. And if United were to pick a player in return, they’d likely choose Victor Osimhen. The Nigeria international was on their radar back in January 2020, only for the Red Devils to end up signing Odion Ighalo on loan from Chinese Super League team Shanghai Shenhua instead. United would have to throw money, as well as Ronaldo, to convince Napoli into selling up. But, as one of the richest clubs on the planet, that isn’t beyond their means. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United have already ruled out one Atletico Madrid star in Antoine Griezmann. The France international was in Jose Mourinho’s sights back in the summer transfer window of 2017, before Atletico’s transfer ban prevented the Red Devils from getting a deal done. But one player they could request in return for Ronaldo is Joao Felix. The Red Devils failed when they tried to sign Felix from Benfica in 2019 and could now make amends by asking for a sensational swap. Ronaldo is a target for Atletico, despite the La Liga giants publicly downplaying interest and fans making it known they’d be opposed to his arrival. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United have long had interest in Kingsley Coman. He was eyed by the Red Devils as an alternative to Jadon Sancho two years ago, only for neither player to end up arriving. Bayern, like many other top teams in Europe, have downplayed interest in Ronaldo as the uncertainty over his Old Trafford future grows. But if they did register their interest in the 37-year-old after the departure of Robert Lewandowski, then Erik ten Hag’s side may choose to request Coman in return. As a versatile forward capable of playing across the front three, that’s something that could make Coman appealing for the fallen Premier League giants. Marcel Sabitzer, too, is another potential player who United would be interested in. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United would hate to sell Ronaldo to a Premier League rival. But though Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel doesn’t want the veteran, owner Todd Boehly is open to the forward’s arrival as he looks to hit the ground running. At Chelsea, there are several players who may interest United. Timo Werner’s time at Stamford Bridge has failed to live up to expectations but it’s believed Ralf Rangnick was open to signing the Germany international during his brief spell in the Old Trafford dugout. And Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic have both been of interest to United in the past, when they were performing for Ajax and Borussia Dortmund respectively. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ronaldo has shut down talk of a move to Sporting Lisbon. But if top teams around Europe don’t want him, and he ends up being stuck at a United team he doesn’t want to be part of, then talk of a return will rumble on. And one player who the Red Devils could ask for, in the event of any potential, audacious swap deal, would be Matheus Nunes. The 23-year-old impressed for his club last term and has been linked with the likes of Liverpool, Leeds and Wolves. Due to the Ronaldo factor, however, United could end up leapfrogging their Premier League rivals if Sporting come calling. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here