Novak Djokovic admitted during his speech on Centre Court for the centenary celebration that he felt "more nervous now than when I'm playing" while stood next to Roger Federer and a host of former Wimbledon champions. Wimbledon have opened the doors for the All England Club for the first time on middle Sunday this year, celebrating 100 years of their main court.  Sue Barker and John McEnroe hosted a special ceremony on Centre Court with video montages of the finest moments at Wimbledon while Sir Cliff Richard also made a surprise appearance. But the Centre Court were given a treat when a host of former champions made their way onto the court. Starting with those to have one Wimbledon title, Barker introduced players such as Stan Smith, Martina Hingis, Lleyton Hewitt, Rafael Nadal and Billie Jean King among several others. Two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray also received a huge cheer when he walked out. And Djokovic was the penultimate person to walk through the doors onto Centre Court, followed by Federer who received the biggest cheer. There were smiles all round as the former champions greeted one another with Djokovic and Federer spotted sharing a brief exchange. JUST IN: 'Ashamed to be British' Wimbledon fans cringe at Cliff Richard  King was first to speak with the American tennis icon paying tribute to those alongside her and Djokovic admitted to being slightly nervous standing alongside other legends of the sport. "I want to say first that it's an honour and privilege to be here with the legends of our sport and people that have paved the way for myself and many generations," Djokovic said. "I feel more nervous now than when I'm playing!  DON'T MISS  "This court has been truly special from my childhood and the first image of tennis I've seen when I was four or five-years-old I saw Pete Sampras wining his first Wimbledon. "This is where dreams come true and I was blessed in 2011, probably the highlight of my career, to win the tournament and so when I step out on this court I relive these memories. Truly an honour."