Speaking to GB News, former London mayoral candidate Shaun Bailey said he had been “surprised” at the “ferocity” with which Tory Party members were speaking against the former chancellor. When asked about his own preference, Mr Bailey said he was “deeply impressed” with outsider Kemi Badenoch. It comes as another right-wing candidate, Suella Braverman, was eliminated from the leadership contest on Thursday after the second round of voting.    GB News host Dan Wootton asked: “Who are you backing now?” Mr Bailey said: “Listen, I have been speaking to members of the party and the one overwhelming message that has come back is ‘anybody but Rishi’. “I’ve been surprised at the sheer ferocity with which people have been saying ‘anybody but Rishi’. “And, look, when you go deeper into conversation, people will tell you they have been deeply impressed with Kemi (Badenoch). “She’s come up with very clear arguments and a real statement about what it is to be a modern Conservative.    “But the worry is if they back Kemi and Liz then Penny Mordaunt will slip through and I have not really sensed that big support. “And, also, it does feel like this: Has Rishi’s bunch given us Mordaunt so he only has to face her in the final, which would make it much more possible for him to win? “I believe we need someone from the right. Kemi or Liz Truss would be good for me. “If I had to pick [between those two], I would say I was deeply impressed with Kemi’s launch.” READ MORE: Allies claim Brexiteer Rishi Sunak will grasp benefits of leaving EU [REPORT]   Ms Badenoch came under fresh pressure to withdraw from the leadership contest and unite the right wing as fears that Ms Mordaunt and Mr Sunak could run away continued to grow. Former Brexit minister Lord Frost urged Ms Badenoch to pull out of the contest so there can be "unity among free marketeers". Ms Braverman announced she would be supporting Liz Truss following her last-place finish in the second round on Thursday. Lord Frost said: "Kemi and Suella Braverman set out convincing programmes, with differing emphases, for change. DON'T MISS: New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' drivers [REVEAL] What are the next steps for Brexit? Every Tory leadership candidate [INSIGHT] Beth Rigby outlines exactly why this is 'MOST VICIOUS' race to be PM [REPORT]    "But Liz's depth of experience, her energy, and ideas - as well as the simple fact she has the most votes of the three - put her in the lead. "It is now time for pragmatism. I urge Kemi to stand down in return for a serious job in a Truss administration." Ms Badenoch's campaign, however, said she is "in it to win". Her spokesman said: "Kemi has brought interesting ideas and a new approach to this leadership contest. She is looking forward to the debates this weekend. "She has no intention of stepping down and is in it to win." READ NEXT: Fabricant highlights exactly why MPs so terrified of MordauntSunak squirms in heated clash over resignation ‘Did you realise Boris BBC host savages Sunak in tense row over food vouchers conundrumTory leadership: Truss gets HUGE boost to catch Mordaunt Brexit: 'Thank God we're out' Brexiteer brutally taunts Remainers