As temperatures hit unprecedented levels this week, Asda employee Dom shared his story in the hope it would warn people about the dangers of skin cancer and what to look out for. He has since been praised by his colleagues and members of the public for spreading awareness of the disease, Manchester Evening News reports. Asda wrote: "With the heatwave bringing blue skies and record temperatures across the country our colleague Dom is getting behind a campaign warning of the dangers of skin cancer and urging people to stay safe in the sun. "Dom, who's Senior Director for Produce Commercial at Asda, noticed an itchy mole on his back in 2008, which was later confirmed as skin cancer. "He's undergone a series of major operations and has regular treatment but, after the melanoma spread to his lymph nodes, spine and organs, had the devastating news that he has stage four terminal cancer. "Dom, who lives in north Leeds, is determined to use his experience to help other people." He said: "I don't think we knew as much when I was younger – I don't remember if I wore wearing enough suncream when I was child. "I can't recall a particular time when I got severely sunburnt, but I’m sure I had a few instances of being red. "I think it's really important to talk to people and share my story, as I think a personal story stays with you so much more than facts, figures and advice, and I really want to raise awareness of this, as prevention is better than any cure." Dom has been flooded in praise for spreading awareness of the symptoms to people. Both shoppers and ASDA have thanked him for telling his story. Linda Martell Vass said: "Thankyou so much for sharing I too had skin cancer removed on my chest and behind my knee and I to would love to warn others please stay out of the direct sunlight and always always protect your selfs with factor 50 and also hats and sunglasses. "I’m still attending the hospital for skin cancer on my lips and also my two legs they are keeping a eye on me, it’s all the years of sun worshiping I didn’t know that this was going to happen. God bless you and I pray you will be ok xxx".  Liz Phillips wrote: "Thankyou for sharing your story. Prayers are with you during these difficult days. And we hope folk will get the message and safe guard themselves and their children. "Unfortunately when you are young you don't think what might happen in the future. "God bless you you are a very brave young man."  Amie Wright wrote: "Thank you for sharing your story. Sending positive vibes for your ongoing treatment. "The biggest thing for people to remember is the alphabet ABCDE and always ask your GP to check it if I’m doubt. "The ABCDE rule for skin cancer is a handy acronym that can help you identify potential skin cancers. "The letters stand for 'Asymmetrical, Border, Color, Diameter, Evolving.' "A new or changing spot or mole on your skin may be a sign of cancer. When in doubt, it's best to have a doctor check it out." Gillian Nuttall said: "Great awareness piece. Hope the immunotherapy continues to work. "Not enough people know about this disease. Melanoma kills 7 people ever day in the U.K." Responding to the kind comments, ASDA said: "Dom has asked us to pass on his thanks to everyone for their kind wishes and messages of support. "He'd also like to thank everyone who's contacted Cancer Research after reading his story. "If you've got any health concerns at all or notice anything unusual, please contact your GP."