 Jordan Spieth celebrates his 29th birthday today with immense wealth, success and an incredible reputation. But what does a young person do with all this fame and fortune? If Spieth’s lead is anything to follow they buy a £5million mansion.  The professional golfer is one of the highest-paid players in the sport despite his young age. He originally garnered global attention in 2015 with his first major win: The Masters and US Open. Spieth had just turned pro three years prior but was suddenly one of the most celebrated young American players since Tiger Woods. The sports star was just 22 at the time, and has since only grown in fame, fortune and skill. With money rolling in, the Texas-native decided to make an incredible purchase: a $7.1million(£5.9million) mansion.  1644407  Featuring five bedrooms, eight bathrooms, a golfing simulator and a basketball court, the home is built to be luxurious and private. The home also allows Spieth exclusive access to nearby private-jet ports, a necessity as he travels the world for tournaments. Spieth’s 12-car garage holds his pricey transports of choice. His car collection includes a Mercedes-Benz CLS, Cadillac Escalade, BMW i3 Jeep Grand Cherokee and a Ford F150.     The home itself has been in the hands of golfing legends before, having been owned by Hunter Mahan and his wife Kandi. Mahan shared with Dallas News that he believes Spieth is “having a great time” in the home. Spieth currently lives there with his wife, Annie Verret, and their young son Sammy. Alongside his impressive possessions, Spieth has also used his fortune to create the Jordan Spieth Family Foundation. The foundation raises funds for a variety of organisations dedicated to paediatric cancer, special needs children, military families and junior golf.  The family-centred golfer has swiftly climbed the ranks of his sport, which he has been in for barely a decade. He has claimed three Major victories, each of which earned him a pretty penny as well as the title of youngest US Open champion since 1923. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Spieth is currently worth a healthy $110million (£91million), with over $40million (£33million) from his PGA winnings alone. On top of his sports earnings, Spieth has proved to be a profitable figure for brands and sponsors, including the likes of Under Armour, Rolex and AT&T.  Celebrity Net Worth reported Spieth earned $42million (£34million) from salary and endorsements between June 2017 and June 2018. Spieth’s first glimpse of fame came at the age of 17, when he was ranked as the top junior PGA golfer in the world. Sporting genes run in the Spieth family, although he was the first to turn his passion into a career. His mother is a computer engineer who played college basketball and his father, who founded a media analytics company, played college baseball.