Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, always looks fabulously chic, whether out and about in casual outfits or at official events. She is a style inspiration to many, not least her daughter, 15-year-old Princess Isabella of Denmark. On May 29, 2017, the Crown Princess, 50, stepped out in Sweden wearing an all-white ensemble. This was the Max Mara jumpsuit and matching blazer. She paired this with white and black tortoiseshell pumps with a pointed toe. The Crown Princess accessorised the look with a statement brooch. READ MORE: Meghan accidentally breaks royal protocol - but Kate does it too This was the Ole Lynggaard Copenhagen Leaf Brooch, which featured stunning pave-set diamond leaves within a design of gold leaves. The royal let her outfit do the talking with a simple hairstyle and makeup. She went for a chic swept back bun with some curls pinned at the nape of her neck. She went for a deep pink lipstick, dewy foundation and dark smokey eyes. Clearly the iconic look was a hit, as even her 15-year-old daughter Princess Isabella gave it her teenager seal of approval. Fast forward to 2022, and the young Princess was confirmed on April 30 in Fredensborg, Denmark at Fredensborg Palace Church. For this occasion she borrowed her mother's Max Mara jumpsuit and blazer. The teen royal looked regal in the stylish suit. READ MORE: Kate Middleton: The 'major issue' with her body - pictures While still making a nod to her mum, the young Princess added a pop of colour with some pink and white nail designs. She too went for a dewy makeup look, with what appears to be eyelash extensions, a sweep of blush and a shimmery pink lipgloss. She did not borrow her mum's Ole Lynggaard Copenhagen Leaf Brooch, instead opting for a sentimental triangular diamond and pearl brooch. This was reportedly a gift from Queen Margrethe to her granddaughter on her first birthday. The solitary pink pearl complemented her pink lipgloss and nail art. Royal fans took to Instagram to praise the young royal's look. @fatinha.elf stated: "She looks like her grandmama, the Queen! Beautiful young lady!" @anneke_muybienblog added: "I already recognised it! Beautiful suit. They both look great." @katiewwolffe said: "So sweet she wore her mother's suit. Both are beautiful."