The Charity Commission will not launch an investigation into the reported cash donation to the Prince of Wales's charitable foundation from the ex-leader of Qatar. A spokesperson for the Commission said: "We have assessed the information provided by the charity and have determined there is no further regulatory role for the commission."  The donation had come from Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim to the prince's Charitable Foundation in three separate meetings between 2011 and 2015, the Sunday Times reported. The money was handed over to the Prince of Wales's charity in "suitcases" and "carrier bags". But Clarence House said the donations were “passed immediately to one of the prince’s charities who carried out the appropriate covenants and assured us that all the correct processes were followed”. Following the revelation, the Charity Commission said it would “review the information” around the donation from Sheikh Hamad to the charitable fund. READ MORE: Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry Cash donations to charities are permitted, and there had been no suggestion of illegality. A royal source then said that such a form of delivering a donation would not happen now. The source said: “That was then, this is now.” The source said the money was “passed immediately to [Prince Charles’s] charity and it was his charity who decided to accept the money”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan [LIVE] Prince Harry's 'clunky' Mandela speech full of 'self-righteous anger' [ANALYSIS] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? [VOTE] They added: "I can say with certainty that for more than half a decade, this has not happened and it would not happen again." Sir Ian Cheshire, who chairs the Prince of Wales Charitable Foundation, said that the "auditors signed off on the donation" following a "specific enquiry". He said: "We have checked into this event in the past, and confirm that the previous trustees of PWCF discussed the governance and donor relationship, (confirming that the donor was a legitimate and verified counterparty) and our auditors signed off on the donation after a specific enquiry during the audit.   "There was no failure of governance.” He added: “The donation was made in cash and that was the donor’s choice.”