While there are no precise figures available for how many people have purchased a TV licence despite the fact they don’t need one, DWP figures suggest it cuold be in the tens of thousands. It’s not just over 75s on Pension Credit who don't need to pay - many younger Britons no longer watch live TV so don’t need a TV licence.   There’s never been a more important time to make savings wherever possible and one way could be to get a TV licence refund. Up to 850,000 pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit which entitles them to a free TV licence if they are also over 75-years-old. Thousands more Britons could be eligible for a refund if they only watch Netflix and YouTube. Even if people have forked out for the BBC licence fee already, they can follow a few simple steps to get their money back. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces July winners - have you won £1million? Typically, four groups of people could be entitled to a reduction or refund on their TV licence. Blind or severely sight impaired people are entitled to a 50 percent reduction on their TV licence. Residents in care homes that have ARC schemes only have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Over 75s in receipt of Pension Credit don’t have to pay as well as anyone who doesn’t watch live TV on any channel or service, including BBC iPlayer, no matter what their age. DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] How to cancel the TV licence: On the TV Licensing website it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” People can then go to tvlicensing.co.uk to apply for a refund or backdated discount. READ MORE: ‘I get £25 worth of food for £3.50’ Woman’s fantastic money saving tip The BBC licence fee is a controversial subject with readers taking to Express.co.uk to air their concerns. One reader @Jdan said: "Everyone is paying too much for BBC TV tax licence. "We should have a choice if we want to have it or not, not forced to have it." Another reader @ChristineNoy said: 'I read the other day that Nadine Norries was proposing the BBC licence tax was added to everyone’s council tax. "How dare that even be considered. "Time for a countrywide referendum."   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The £159 fee will be frozen, remaining the same until at least 2027. The BBC is currently in talks with the industry about a new funding model - the exact details of which are yet to be confirmed. BBC boss Tim Davie recently told the Deloitte Media and Telecoms conference: "I believe we will still offer great value for the licence fee. “We have some choices to make. I think we will still be able to offer a great service."