A Leo Moon transit is always slightly more exciting. Elevating this zodiac’s outgoing yet assertive traits, adventure, intrigue, and optimism always comes more naturally. But a swift Moon transition into grounded Virgo will bring you back down to earth with a stricter focus on responsibilities as the day progresses. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 2. Mercury will form a trine to Saturn in the morning, instilling diligence and perseverance with whatever you apply your mind to. Astrology.com said: “This combination symbolises an easy harmony in the ability to understand the subtle fluidity of boundaries and structures. “Mental discipline comes easy and once an idea has taken hold the mind works on it until it is thoroughly understood.” However, planetary positioning later in the day when Mercury forms a square with Neptune will elicit very different energies  READ MORE:New Moon horoscope: What to expect from the New Moon in Cancer  In comparison, Cafe Astrology said: “The Mercury-Saturn trine spotlights the practical side of things as it supports work with details, realistic thinking, and step-by-step approaches to learning and communicating. “This transit helps ground and centre our thinking. Conversations may be spare but to the point or instructive." It makes the morning the perfect time to help others in understanding your perspective and providing “step-by-step approaches” to tasks and problems, according to Cafe Astrology. The astrology site continued: “We are cautious with our expectations, or at least we remind ourselves to be so.”  However, as the day advances and the Mercury-Neptune square forms, we find it slightly more challenging to follow or clearly communicate - be it facts, directions, or instructions. Cafe Astrology said: “Perceptions may be confused or overly idealistic, influenced heavily by wishful thinking and imagination and we may be dealing with deception or self-deception." On the plus side, the transit can help open your minds to many different possibilities. It symbolises an opportunity to step outside of the day-to-day reality and garner additional inspiration or solve problems more imaginatively.  DON'T MISS: NASA finds new clue to origin of rocket that SMASHED into Moon [INSIGHT]Lawn care tips: How to apply lawn feed and weed killer [ANALYSIS]‘Think about home security'- 4 steps to avoid being burgled [EXPLAIEND]    This transit tends to be quite fast and only occurs around twice a year, making it quite a significant one to capitalise on. Astrology.com said: “This is a more significant transit that suggests a need to reorient to the ideals, imagination, or spiritual dimensions. “Look deeper for and address the spiritual, unconscious, or generation-spanning components of intractable problems. “Ask yourself if the problem even belongs to you and pay close attention to your dreams and synchronicity.” The Moon will move into Virgo at 1.31pm BST where it will remain until Monday. 