Garden pests can be a nuisance, especially for those trying to grow a successful vegetable patch. Certain pests can cause widespread devastation, causing disease, leaving holes and transmitting bacterial, viral and fungal infections to a crop. However, while it may be tempting to spray plants with pesticides, this often isn’t the best move. Pesticides can contaminate soil, water, turf, and other vegetation. They can also be toxic to other wildlife in gardens like birds, fish, insects and other plants. So how can you remove pests from the garden without using harmful chemicals? For those looking to use natural methods, gardener and RHS Gold winner Terry Winters has shared his advice for garden pests in partnership with garden furniture company Bramblecrest. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Terry, who owns Ordnance House in Wiltshire, exclusively told Express.co.uk that all gardens need a “natural balance”. Terry said: “The key to all gardens is a natural balance, so it’s good to do whatever you can to create habitats for natural predators so that they thrive. “Our garden is full of birds but sadly I rarely see hedgehogs anymore. “A good reason alone not to use slug pellets. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares the job to do ‘immediately’ if you spot blight [INSIGHT]How often to water hydrangeas - why healthy growth means watering LESS [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer couple boost property value by £68,500 [ANALYSIS] “But ladybirds to lacewings are always good at controlling a wide range of garden pests. “You can always try companion planting as some plant types will deter certain garden pests.” Terry received an RHS Gold award for his garden in the My Chelsea Garden competition in 2020 which was held in conjunction with the RHS and the BBC One Show. Companion planting has been used to deter pests for decades. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s mainly used to protect vegetables from being obliterated by garden pests. Companion planting is when a person plants two or more different plants near each other for a reason. Companion planting can be used for better growth, higher yield and repelling predators as well as deterring pests. Herbs work especially well for companion planting as they can attract beneficial insects and repel pests.  To repel aphids, plant chives, coriander or nasturtiums. To oust flies, gardeners can plant basil and rue. Lavender can be planted to repel mice and moths and ticks. Marigolds can be planted to deter bean and asparagus beetles.