Meghan Markle is a huge fan of delicate gold jewellery, and over the years, the Duchess of Sussex has been seen sporting many designer pieces with hefty price tags, and some small brands promoting powerful messages behind their designs. On a couple of occasions, Meghan has worn a small gold chain bracelet, with a distinctive evil eye pendant, and the design has a hidden meaning. Meghan was first spotted wearing the gold evil eye bracelet in September 2019. She was pictured in New York watching the US Open Championships women’s singles final match between Serena Williams - a close friend of the Duchess’ - and Bianca Andreescu. Then, a month later, when she and husband Prince Harry embarked on their royal tour of South Africa, Meghan accessorised several outfits with the bracelet. Across the 10-days, the royal wore the bracelet a handful of times. READ MORE: 'Flawless' Kate wears nearly £4k worth of dresses at Wimbledon The piece of jewellery is by the brand called Alemdara. This particular bracelet is called the Diadem Evil Eye Bracelet - Yellow Gold and Turqouise Evil Eye. It retails for £275 and is still available to purchase via the website. The product description for the bracelet reads: “Handcrafted from 18 carat yellow gold, this Didem bracelet features a turquoise enamel evil eye on a delicate yellow gold chain. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry: Expert on why couple are ‘constantly touching’ [EXCLUSIVE]Michael Mosley’s clever hack ‘to prevent cravings’ & stop snacking [EXPERT]How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge [GUIDE] “Equally as enchanting when worn on its own or stacked with our other bracelets…the understated piece is your jewellery wardrobe staple. “This elegant Didem bracelet is designed to move effortlessly between occasions, making it a stunning and wearable gift.” The wesbite adds extra details about the evil eye legend. “The evil eye is a sacred symbol used for centuries as protection against negative spirits in Mediterranean culture,” it reads. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice: Expert on the royal's 'fashion fails' “Its spiritual meaning dates back to ancient Rome and Greece. “Today [it] can be seen printed across boats, bags and above doorways to ward off evil, and of course, jewellery. “Legend has it that the evil eye works as a shield for envy, reflecting any evil back to where it came from and protecting its owner from any harmful spirits.” This not the only ‘eye’ bracelet Meghan has worn, she also has a Eye of Protection bracelet by the brand Mateo. The £1260.15 ($1,500) 14ct gold, enamel and diamond bracelet was an accessory for Meghan’s appearance on the New York Time’s DealBook Online Summit back in November 2021. The product description for this bracelet reads: “Mateo's bracelet is strung with an evil-eye charm - a talisman that's thought to ward off negative energy.” The Duchess also has a Hamsa Hand ring in her jewellery collection which is an ancient Middle Eastern amulet symbolising the Hand of God - a protective sign said to bring happiness, luck, health, and good fortune.