The TV licence is currently £159 per year, and is required by all those watching live television in their home or any channel. Some see the fee as necessary for funding, while others resist it and have called for change. However, a cross-party group of House of Lords peers have warned a “bold new plan” is needed for the BBC - which receives funding from the licence fee. The report comes ahead of the Government’s plan to conduct an independent review into the way the BBC is funded. It means the licence fee as it currently stands could be set for change, as it is considered whether the current approach is the correct one. The Lords Communications and Digital Committee have penned the ‘Licence to change: BBC future funding’ report, calling for the corporation to explain “more clearly” what it is for, and how it should be funded. It also suggested potential funding models for the future. READ MORE: State pension: Britons could boost income 'by £275 each year' The report states the TV licence fee could undergo changes to provide exemptions to further groups of people. Over 75s who receive Pension Credit are already exempt, with around 1.5million households benefitting under this scheme. The report, however, stated: “There is scope for the existing licence fee to be reformed to make it more progressive for others too. “A discount could presumably be extended to other low income groups across all ages, for example those receiving Universal Credit.” DON'T MISSState pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [LATEST]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [ANALYSIS]Inheritance warning: Britons face ‘nasty surprise’ in retirement [INSIGHT] However, it was also acknowledged that further discounts would require additional funding to make up the shortfall, or the BBC would be at risk of lower income. The idea could also promote sentiments of unfairness for full fee-payers, who could feel they are subsidising others. Ultimately, the report suggested the licence fee is “not the only option” for BBC funding. It added: “Our evidence was clear that many of the apparent advantages of the licence fee are under threat, and it has several drawbacks. READ MORE: TV licence fee plans could see property-rich pensioners 'pay more' “Making the licence fee more progressive would be an improvement, as fees could be raised without disproportionately targeting those least able to afford them.” Alternative funding options suggested in the report include advertising on the BBC, a subscription service, or ring-fencing income from a tax to spend on the funding. However, each of these options came under scrutiny, either for perceived lack of affordability, controversy, or fairness. As a result, it was determined a model based fully on subscription or advertising would not work. Peers who devised the report suggested some form of public funding will remain necessary beyond the existing licence fee settlement. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, they added that for any form of public finances to remain legitimate, the BBC “must do a better job of representing the full range of perspectives and communities that make up our diverse society”. Baroness Stowell of Beeston, chair of the committee, said: “The greatest threat to the BBC’s future isn’t a battle amongst politicians about the licence fee – though decisions about how it is funded are important to get right and becoming increasingly urgent. “The real danger is if the BBC doesn’t seize this opportunity to reform and demonstrate why it’s of value to audiences in this new world of endless choice. “That’s why the Committee concluded that, when it comes to what the BBC does, the status quo is not an option.” Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment.