It’s early days, yet Erik ten Hag appears to be in firm control of Manchester United. He has, according to reports, put his foot down to prevent the Red Devils from visiting the set of Australian soap opera Neighbours. And more details about his no-nonsense style of management are now coming out. Manchester United are currently in Australia as they step up their preparations for the new campaign. And, according to ESPN, Ten Hag has put his foot down already. It’s claimed the idea of visiting the set of Neighbours, the Australian soap opera that has aired nearly 9000 episodes over the years, was floated behind the scenes as it prepares to come to an end. But the Dutchman ‘said no’, with the 52-year-old adamant that United players and staff members are there for all work - and very little play. It would have seen members of the squad filmed at Ramsay Street, yet now that won’t be happening. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Ten Hag has been described as ‘intense’ as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Fred apparently said he was ‘tired’ when he walked into a recent interview, while Scott McTominay has been left in no doubt about the new standards that are being set. Marcus Rashford has said he’s fitter last season, while Anthony Elanga has also been impressed by his new boss. It’s claimed Ten Hag has made sure players are in shape, having previously believed they weren’t in good enough condition to implement his style of high-pressing, offensive football. Most days on the tour have reportedly involved double training sessions, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong There’s even been training the morning before matches, with drills all consisting of ‘sharp passing, purposeful movement and pressure’. In mini-games, Ten Hag has gone as far to dish out punishments. When a goal is conceded, some are forced to do press-ups. The United boss has supposedly encouraged players to relax when they’re away from training, showing his lighter side. Players have been playing ping-pong, with Bruno Fernandes a strong competitor when it comes to that. Another amusing tidbit from the publication involves United chief and former midfielder Darren Fletcher. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team It’s stated he thought it was safe to go downstairs at the hotel at 10pm at night. But, upon hearing his name being chanted by excited fans, he decided to order room service instead. Elanga, meanwhile, recently said United players were ‘really buying into’ their new manager’s methods. “We know we weren’t as fit last season,” the 20-year-old said. “I think we're even fitter this season, running for the team, running off the ball and running with the ball. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “That element of running and pressing is really important. “That’s one of the things the manager has brought into the team and we are really buying into it. “I feel like the whole team can press. It’s all in the mind - if you want to do it, you can do it. It’s a new style that we’ve got. It’s different now.” He added: “I feel like everyone wants to impress, especially now we’ve got a new manager, new system and a new style. “It's important everyone tries to impress and it starts in pre-season.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here