Cameron Norrie revealed that one of his friends from New Zealand flew out to watch him play his maiden Grand Slam semi-final as he shared his plans following his 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 loss to Novak Djokovic at Wimbledon. Norrie took on Djokovic in his maiden Grand Slam semi-final in front of a packed Centre Crowd on Friday, starting strong before the top seed showed why he had won this title six times, defeating him in four sets after more than two hours. It was a career-best showing for the world No 12, who had never been beyond the third round of a Major before this fortnight. After his Wimbledon run came to an end, the Kiwi-born Brit shared his plans for the coming days as he admitted he may have to make a schedule change, before sharing a huge gesture one of his friends made after he broke new ground by reaching the last four. "I'm actually not sure. I'm going to have to figure out what I'm going to do in terms of my schedule," he said, discussing his plans. "I'm entered in Atlanta, which is pretty soon. I don't know really what my plans are. I think I'm going to have a couple days' break and speak with my team and see." JUST IN: Djokovic booed after blowing kisses to Wimbledon crowd following win   While the 26-year-old had nothing lined up, he knew who he would be spending time with over the next few days after his friend from New Zealand spent two days flying in for his semi-final, two years after they last saw one another. He continued: "I'm not really too sure. I have no plans. One of my best friends from New Zealand, he said at the beginning of the tournament if I made semi-finals he's going to fly out. "He flew for two days now. He got here today. I'm going to probably hang out with him for a couple days. Haven't seen him in a couple years. Good effort from him. He stuck to his word, so. Catch up with him and then see with my team where I'll play next." And despite his defeat to Djokovic, the world No 12 remained positive as he had lots to be proud of following his run at Wimbledon. "I think a lot of stuff to be proud of. Coming in here pretty highly seeded, a lot of expectations from everyone around the country - and from myself especially," he said after the match. DON'T MISSWimbledon fans split over Sue Barker heir as BBC host to step downWimbledon nightmare as Russia claim Moscow-born finalist as their ownHenman teases Cash after 'four glasses of wine' before BBC duty   "Coming in here and kind of getting through the draw in the fashion that I did, handling the occasions of playing Centre Court, playing Court 1, playing guys that I'm actually favorite to beat, being in situations in fourth rounds, quarters, where I'm actually going in favored, it's not easy. It's always nice going into those matches being underdog and you've got nothing to lose. "For me, I went out there and there was a lot of pressure on me to win. I had good chances to win. So for me to come out and serve out sets, serve out matches, and have the nerve to do that, to have the level of focus, just overall it was a lot of fun doing that." 