The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed their deals with the streaming giants after Megxit saw them quit royal duties in 2020. But Mr Hilton claimed Harry and Meghan would find it “near impossible” to secure the “huge paychecks” from Netflix and Spotify today. The American blogger said Netflix in particular is “no longer handing out those ginormous paydays because they’ve taken a huge hit”. Mr Hilton told LA-based royal commentator Kinsey Schofield's To Di For Daily podcast: "I think that they got very lucky in the timing of everything because if Meghan and Harry tried to get a deal like that today. “I think it would be near impossible for them. “They both were able to secure huge paychecks from Netflix and Spotify in a time when both of those brands were giving out huge paychecks. “As we’ve seen this year, both Netflix and Spotify are going through a lot of changes and Netflix is no longer, especially, handing out those ginormous paydays because they’ve taken a huge hit. “They’ve got that show on Netflix that’s coming out which will be a great litmus test." Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Mr Hilton's comments come as Meghan and Harry are reportedly filming an “at-home” docuseries as part of their lucrative deal. A Hollywood source previously told Page Six that Netflix was "getting its pound of flesh" from the couple with the series. It comes after it emerged in May that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped by the streaming giant. The Archewell Productions project was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Netflix insisted Archewell Productions remained a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. Meanwhile, fans are looking forward to the release of Meghan’s first podcast series for Spotify. Archetypes which will focus on female stereotypes is due out later this year. Harry and Meghan are living in California after quitting as working royals in March 2020. The couple have set up home in the celebrity enclave of Montecito and are pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom.