The children, aged between 12 and 13, are understood to have suffered serious burns. Fire crews rescued the children when the blaze erupted at the former Woodman pub in Stockport, Manchester, on Tuesday night, at about 8.30pm. Greater Manchester Police said they believed the fire was started "deliberately".  A statement released on Wednesday said: "Yesterday evening (26 July) emergency services were called to a fire at a derelict building on London Road, Stockport. "Three children were rescued from the building by firefighters and remain in hospital in a critical condition." Police issued a warning to parents about children playing in disused buildings during the summer holidays.  Detective Inspector Chris Aunins, of GMP's Stockport division, said: "We have launched an investigation in conjunction with Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service into how the fire started. "We believe that it may have been started deliberately and so we are appealing for anyone with information, or anyone who may have dash cam footage to get in touch with police to help with our enquiries. "Now we are in the school summer holiday period, I’d like to appeal to parents and carers to explain to children the dangers of playing within disused buildings, as they pose a really serious risk with a number of potential dangers within them."  At the time, a Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "At around 8.30pm we were called to reports of a fire on the first floor of a two-storey derelict commercial building on London Road, Hazel Grove, Stockport. "Five engines from Offerton, Whitehill, Marple, Cheadle and Stockport and an additional crew from Cheshire arrived quickly arrived on the scene. "Three children were rescued from the building and have been conveyed to hospital by paramedics. "Crews are now damping down the building and London Road is closed. "Firefighters as well as colleagues from North West Ambulance Service and Greater Manchester Police remain on the scene." MORE TO FOLLOW