 Duran Duran, the Birmingham new wave band that came to prominence in the late seventies and eighties, is set to headline the Opening Ceremony of the Commonwealth Games on Thursday. The two-and-a-half-hour event will kick off a 12-day sporting extravaganza which will see over 5,000 athletes compete in more than 250 events. Taking place in the west midlands city, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has stated that “this is Birmingham’s time to shine”.  And the chosen city has a special place in the headline act’s heart as it is where their 40-year musical career began. Simon Le Bon from Duran Duran said: "The Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games is a momentous event for the great city of Birmingham. "And we in Duran Duran are honoured to be a part of it in our home town." The Opening Ceremony will take place at Alexander Stadium, with more than 30,000 people attending. READ MORE: William 'set to follow' in Harry's footsteps as Duke 'wants to break out of royal bubble'  And among the audience will be the future head of the Commonwealth — Prince Charles — and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who will be attending to represent Queen Elizabeth II and officially open the Games. This is not Duran Duran’s first time performing in front of royalty. During the Eighties and Nineties, the new wave band gained a fan from within the royal fold. Diana, Princess of Wales frequently described Duran Duran as her favourite band; she attended a string of their live performances and went on to meet them several times.  However, back in 2015, drummer Roger Taylor revealed that one gig put the band’s and the princess’ lives in grave danger. Speaking about it publicly for the first time, Taylor described a London charity gig they were headlining that was targeted by the Irish Republican Army (IRA). According to the drummer, the “shocking” plot aimed to “kill Diana and Charles and everyone in the room”. Duran Duran and Dire Straits — another favourite of the Princess of Wales’ — were performing at London’s Dominion Theatre in July 1983. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [BLOG]Kate and Prince William blasted as ‘out of touch’ monarchists [INSIGHT]Charlotte tipped for Wembley appearance as Lionesses roar on to final [INFO]  The IRA were reportedly planning the strike on a show, but the man due to install the gelignite bomb was actually a police informant. While he did find a spot for the 25-pound bomb — in the bathroom close to the Royal Box — the informant never planted it. It is believed that the attack was planned in retaliation to the death of Bobby Sands, a member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army who died on hunger strike while imprisoned. Despite details of the plot emerging in the Nineties, no member of Duran Duran had addressed them.  But, speaking to the Mail on Sunday’s Event magazine, Taylor said: “They wanted to kill Diana and Charles and everybody in the room. “It was so shocking. We were only made aware of it years later, but it was very frightening,” describing it as the “scariest moment” of his life. The Mail cited quotes from the informant, Sean O’Callaghan's book 'The Informer', that read: "It was a brilliant but horrific plan. "The IRA leadership was still desperate to strike at the heart of the British Establishment in revenge for the death of Bobby Sands and nine other hunger strikers.  "If Charles and Diana were murdered by the IRA, Anglo-Irish relations would sink to a new low.  "The fallout for the Irish community, particularly in London, can only be guessed at – something the IRA leadership would have regarded as a bonus." Diana met the band again, two years later, at the premiere of James Bond‘s A View to A Kill. And in 2007 – when her sons Prince William and Prince Harry were selecting musicians to perform at a memorial concert for the late Princess, who died ten years earlier – the two brothers invited Duran Duran to pay tribute to their “favourite princess”. Speaking at the ‘Concert for Diana’, Le Bon said: “We are honoured that she always referred to Duran Duran as her favourite band as she was certainly our favourite princess."