Mohamed Salah’s new Liverpool contract was well received by the Egyptian's friends with a Twitter video showing them dancing and celebrating after the announcement. The 30-year-old officially committed his long-term future to the club on Thursday by signing a new deal until 2025. Salah was considered the Premier League’s best performer last season, winning both the Football Writers and PFA player of the season award. He scored an impressive 23 goals in 35 Premier League games, sharing the golden boot alongside Tottenham’s Son Heung-Min. However, there had been major doubts that 85-times capped international would remain in Merseyside beyond the end of next season as the winger was locked in a tense stand-off with Liverpool chiefs over his contract. Now, in good news for the Anfield faithful, he has signed a new deal, worth an estimated £350,000 per week. Clearly, the news was well received by Salah’s friends after they were spotted cheering and dancing in a bar after the news was announced. A video of the group was shared on Twitter with one of Salah’s friends appears to be almost in disbelief by the news. DON'T MISS: ARSENAL MAKE SERGE GNABRY DECISION AFTER MISSING OUT ON RAPHINHA Salah has enjoyed a thoroughly successful spell in the North West scoring 156 goals in 254 appearances. He helped the club to Champions League success in 2019, scoring the opening goal in the final from the penalty spot, before playing a crucial role in helping Liverpool end their 30 year wait for the Premier League title in 2020. Speaking to Liverpool’s club website after his new deal was announced the wideman spoke of his excitement to commit his future to Liverpool and compete for more trophies “I feel great and I am excited to win trophies with the club,” Salah said. “It’s a happy day for everyone. “It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. “I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going upwards. Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season we lost two trophies. “I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again.” READ MORE Tottenham doctors 'preparing another medical' as Antonio Conte has staff on overtimeMan Utd owners the Glazers could be about to give Erik ten Hag three new leadersMan Utd face further transfer snub as Bayern Munich 'make first bid' for Red Devils target Salah also spoke directly to the club’s fans thanking them for their support and encouraging them to get behind the side’s trophy push next season. “My message to the fans is the players in the team want to give our best next season to try to win all the trophies,” the Egypt captain explained. “As usual, you stay behind us and give us a big push and I am sure we are going to win trophies again together.”