Susanna Reid, 51, was left baffled when hosting Good Morning Britain alongside Ed Balls as protester Steve Bray loudly sang for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to resign. Activist Steve gave viewers a rendition of the Bay City Rollers' 1975 song Bye Bye Baby. Wednesday’s instalment of the ITV came to viewers from outside Westminster to report on the future of the Prime Minister after multiple members of the Conservative Party handed in their resignations including Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid. Hosts Susanna and Ed were about to give viewers the latest update on the resignations before one activist decided to steal the show. Ed started to say: "It was clear that Rishi Sunak -" Although Susanna was distracted as she commented on the music blaring loudly over them.   She said: "Is that -? Sorry, where's that coming from?" “Are we about to do karaoke?" Her co-host joked it was a new tactic from Downing Street. Both presenters looked around to try and identify where the music was coming from puzzled before they started to dance.   The 1975 song Bye Bye Baby then started to play by the Bay City Rollers although the words had been tweaked to fit with the current situation. Identifying the singing culprit as protestor Steve, he belted out the words: “Bye Bye, Boris. Boris, goodbye." Realising who it was, Ed said: “Come on Steve." Susanna told viewers: “I suppose if you're no longer allowed to shout, there are other ways of making your voice heard.”   The presenters had to quickly cut to Charlotte Hawkins back in the studio while they got the situation under control. Viewers found the moment hilarious with one Twitter user suggesting Steve’s song should be number one in the charts. Lydia Walker tweeted: “Interview Steve please make my day.” The Jock added: “Modern day hero."    Blue Stocking mum said: “They’ll never silence him. Keep on keeping on, Steve Bray!” Shaun Smith commented: "@snb19692 needs to be knighted once Johnson leaves office, he done more to bring attention to the corruption going on than anyone else" With  Andjamwar saying: "Steve is a total legend!"