Ons Jabeur joked that Elena Rybakina "stole" her title following her heartbreaking loss in the final. The world No 2 was one of the favourites to win the title and went a set up in the final before losing 3-6 6-2 6-2 in an hour and 48 minutes. Jabeur raced to a 6-3 lead over the 23-year-old before losing her way as the Kazakh stepped it up to be crowned the Wimbledon champion. But the third seed was in good spirits after the match despite appearing downbeat at her bench, as she cracked a joke about Rybakina's victory. "Yeah, I mean Elena stole my title but it's okay," she laughed, speaking to Sue Barker in her on-court interview. "I love this tournament so much and I feel really sad but it's tennis, there's only one winner." The second seed had already made history as the first Arab woman and African woman to make a Grand Slam final, and shared her hopes to inspire the generations to come. JUST IN: McEnroe surprised by Rybakina as Russian-born star wins Wimbledon  "Thank you guys for your support, really appreciate it," the 27-year-old said as she started her on-court interview. "First of all I want to congratulate Elena and her team. Great job and she deserved this, and hopefully next time it will be mine. "I wouldn't do this without my team there. They always pushed me to do more so thank you for your support and believing me." And after she joked that the Kazakh had "stolen" her title, she added: "I'm trying to inspire many generations from my country. I hope they are listening." DON'T MISSSue Barker admits Nick Kyrgios Wimbledon uncertainty vs Novak Djokovic'Took you five years' Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios' private chatNovak Djokovic raises retirement hint ahead of Nick Kyrgios showdown   This year's Wimbledon runner-up ended her speech by thanking the crowd and wishing Eid Mubarak to those celebrating. "I also want to thank his beautiful crowd for all their support over the two weeks. It's been amazing," she smiled. "I want to wish Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating." 