Her outing to SW19 was no exception, as she wore a beautifully simple long blue dress with a belt tie and V-neck. She accessorised with a selection of necklaces, flat sandals and matching leather handbag, keeping her make-up natural and her long blonde hair flowing free.  The 58-year-old looked the picture of laid-back glamour, ideal for an afternoon's relaxation in the Royal Box. She was joined by her husband Timothy Taylor, who also looked smart in a suit and pale blue tie. Helen, 58, is the daughter of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, 85, who is the first cousin of the Queen. Edward’s father was Prince George, Duke of Kent, the younger brother of King Edward VIII and King George VI.   Helen has four children with her husband Timothy Taylor, all of which have unusual names. Her children are Columbus, 26, Cassius, 24, Eloise, 17 and Estella, 16. Their mother earlier had said: “It’s an absolute dream to have a job like this. I travel a lot and I’m able to spend the majority of my time with my children.” Meanwhile, it's been quite the week for royal arrivals at Wimbledon, and no wonder as the action heats up on day ten of the tennis championships. READ MORE: Queen looks pensive as she is spotted heading home to huge crisis  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge made their debut at this year's Wimbledon on Tuesday, watching the matches of both defending champion Novak Djokovic and home-grown hero Cameron Norrie with keen interest. Kate, 40, waved as they crossed the bridge from the millennium building into Centre Court after arriving at the grounds via the players' entrance. The royal couple, who were joined by the Chairman of the All England Club Ian Hewitt, then took their seats ahead of the men's singles quarter-final match between Novak Djokovic and Jannik Sinner, which Novak won in five hard-fought sets. Before sitting down, they could be seen exchanging a few words with Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams. DON'T MISS:Matt Hancock dismisses claims of leadership bidBoris Johnson on the brink of snap election Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as forces retreat from Finnish border