Manchester United appear set to complete the £46million signing of Lisandro Martinez, which should leave Harry Maguire looking over his shoulder. Though Erik ten Hag has confirmed the Englishman will continue as captain, the arrival of Martinez would surely put his place under threat. The Argentine was named Ajax's Player of the Year last season as they won the Eredivisie title. He also has three years of experience of playing in Ten Hag's system, which would be a crucial advantage in his battle to gain a starting spot. Also helping Martinez in his hope of being handed regular game-time at Old Trafford is Maguire's awful form last season. The defender was frequently lambasted by pundits, with Roy Keane at one point branding his performances as 'unacceptable'. "When they fancy it, they turn up, but when they are under pressure and under the cosh, they don’t have that team spirit that you need. This Manchester United team is short on talent anyway," he told Sky Sports following the hammering at the hands of Liverpool in April. READ MORE: Man Utd have Frenkie de Jong message passed on after agent informs "I don’t think that they are as talented as they think. So they have to back it up with that spirit. Defensively we are trying to help out Maguire, but that last goal is not acceptable for Manchester United. "We talk about that rebuild again. but Manchester United need to get some quality players in to try and compete. I don’t know if we’re fifth or sixth in the league, Manchester United fifth or sixth in the league? Unbelievable." DON'T MISS: Man Utd meet with Ajax today as Martinez deal enters 'key stage' (TRANSFERS)Thomas Tuchel breaks silence on Cristiano Ronaldo to Chelsea (INSIGHT)Man Utd chief Arnold goes back on promise to intervene in transfers (NEWS) Martinez's arrival will bring an increased level of competition for United's options at the back. That could be bad news for Maguire, with Raphael Varane having proven to be a solid defender during his time at Real Madrid. Maguire's 'unacceptable' performances last season will likely leave his place under threat once Martinez's arrival is confirmed. That will leave the Englishman wary, especially as he missed United's first pre-season game with a knock.