In light of this, experts are sharing “simple” financial steps people can take to beat this damaging rate hike - and it includes checking out certain "free cash" offers. Earlier this week, the Office of National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that inflation has risen to 9.4 percent. Between March and May 2022, pay growth dropped 2.8 percent from the year before when adjusted for inflation and excluding bonuses.  Moneyfacts.co.uk’s personal finance expert Rachel Springall outlined what “steps” people can take to mitigate the damage being inflicted by the soaring inflation rate. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ms Springall explained: “The pressure for consumers to cover the rising cost of living is growing and wages are not keeping up with inflation, which is eroding the spending power of their hard-earned cash. “There are steps consumers can take to ease their outgoings, such as creating a monthly budget, it sounds simple but sometimes consumers just need to take a few minutes to analyse where their money is going to see what they can cut down on. “Money Dashboard is a great free app that can link accounts through open banking so consumers can see everything in one place, make goals and scrutinise their spending habits.” READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly The financial expert shared what savers can do if they feel “overwhelmed” by the continuing cost of living crisis. She added: “It’s a difficult situation for everyone right now, and many may well be dipping into their savings pots or falling back onto a credit card to cover unplanned expenses. “Should anyone feel overwhelmed with their finances they can always approach a debt advice charity for some guidance. “Consumers could also consider moving their current account to one which would offer them a reward or cashback when they spend on their debit card, or even when their bills come out, there are also others paying an upfront free cash switching incentive, which could be a useful boost.”  Laith Khalaf, the head of investment analysis, AJ Bell, broke down the role rising inflation plays in hurting peoples’ pay. Mr Khalaf said: “Wages are rising, but prices are rising much faster, resulting in a record 2.8 percent fall in regular pay in real terms. “With inflation set to rise even further from here, there looks to be little prospect of the salary squeeze abating any time soon, leaving household finances firmly under the cosh.” However, there appears to be a difference between how much those working in the private and public sector will see their wages rise, which could mean certain households will struggle more than others. He added: “The divergence between public and private sector pay also provides some context for the industrial action we are beginning to see emerge in certain sectors. “Growth in total pay, including bonuses, was 6.2 percent on average across the entire UK workforce. “But there is a stark comparison between private sector wages, which rose by 7.2 percent, and public sector pay, which went up just 1.5 percent.” This week, the Government confirmed that workers across the public sector would receive a pay rise. NHS workers are expected to see their wages go up by 4.5 percent and teachers being offered a five percent increase. However, unions have warned that strike action could take place this autumn regardless as these wage hikes will still be a real-time pay cut against inflation.