Pasta has long had a reputation due to being high-carb, often referred to as a "beige food" people who want to lose weight shouldn't touch. But research suggests that eating pasta isn't as bad as people might believe. Nutritionist Claire Turnbull explained the rumours surrounding pasta and weight loss are not entirely fair. She advised it can be "part of a balanced diet" and "isn’t something to be feared or to feel bad about." To look into pasta's effect on weight loss, a study took place where 811 overweight adults were given one of four reduced-calorie diets to follow. Each group consumed either 65 percent, 55 percent, 45 percent or 35 percent carbs and researchers found that all four groups weight loss results were very similar. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake They concluded that a high-carbohydrate diet that includes pasta could be just as effective for weight loss as a low-carbohydrate and pasta-free one. Further analysis of 29 randomised clinical trials also found that consuming pasta as part of a low-glycemic-index (rating system for foods containing carbohydrates) diet, was associated with lower body weight and body mass index (BMI), compared to higher glycemic-index diets. In comparison to that of other carbs, pasta has a fairly low glycemic index, which ranges between 33 and 61. With only half a cup providing an estimated 100 calories, it's the calorie-laden toppings that can contribute to weight gain. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Registered dietician, Rahaf Al Bochi, spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics said: "Pasta can be a part of a balanced meal and healthy eating pattern. "It provides a great source of energy, B vitamins, and fibre, if the pasta is whole grain." Like bread, it has various options, with the whole-grain varieties found to improve health benefits. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Unlike white pasta, whole-grain includes all the nutrients associated with wheat germ. It is high in fibre and contains more nutrients than white pasta, so if an individual isn't wanting to cut the carb out completely, switching to whole-grain can a great option to help weight loss. Surprisingly, pasta also harbours more hidden health benefits in the form of key vitamins and minerals. According to the BBC, pasta includes significant levels of "calcium, magnesium, iron and zinc, as well as B vitamins". And being an incredibly simple food it's extremely low in salt. Carbs are crucial in any diet, acting as a source of energy providing you with a slow-release throughout the day.