Vicky Pattison has weighed in after fashion designer Victoria Beckham declared that "thin is old-fashioned" in a recent interview. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Geordie Shore star spoke about celebrating body acceptance as she said she understood what the designer was trying to say. The Geordie Shore star spoke passionately about the importance of body acceptance and embracing how you look. Vicky said: "I don't care what you look like, I don't care whether you're super skinny with itty bitty boobs. "I don't care whether you're really curvy with a gorgeous great big bum, I don't care whether you're toned, tall, tiny, whatever. "Like, being you is attractive, being you is beautiful, and accepting that and celebrating that. READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers "So that's what we need to do," she emphasised. Her comments come after Victoria blasted the "old-fashioned attitude" of wanting women to be "really thin." Vicky explained: "We need to stop putting so much emphasis on the way a woman's body looks and actually just celebrate all shapes and sizes and being really proud of ourselves. "So yeah, I mean I agree with Victoria's sentiment. "I know she's trying to say the right thing but you can be whatever you want. "As long as you're happy and healthy," the reality TV star added. It comes after Victoria revealed the inspiration behind her new shapewear line is the desire among women to have a “round, curvy bottom.” “It's an old-fashioned attitude, wanting to be really thin. I think women today want to look healthy, and curvy. They want to have some boobs - and a bum,” she explained. DON'T MISS... Christine McGuinness, 34, puts on eye-popping display in white bikini [UPDATE]Cliff Richard is in high spirits at Wimbledon's Women's Singles Final [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson celebrates Diddly Squat milestone amid council setback [ANALYSIS] The former Spice Girls singer went on to discuss how there are “lots of really curvy women” in Miami, where she and David spent some time due to his co-ownership of Inter Miami CF. The mother-of-four appeared to be inspired by these women, whom she said "really celebrate their curves and enjoy how they look." Victoria said people from the Florida party town "really own" their physiques and "show their bodies off with such confidence," which she found to be “liberating”. The star’s new collection is therefore now more targeted at people with curves to create a “really flattering silhouette”. Victoria made the remarks to Grazia magazine, having posed in pieces from her shapewear range for the cover. Reality TV star Vicky also spoke to Express.co.uk about the new The Pour Moi x Vicky Pattison Edit: "I spent years with my boobs falling out the top and my bum cheeks falling out the bottom of bikinis. "So it's really lovely to be working with a brand that not only am I proud to wear, but that also just fits really well as well." The Pour Moi x Vicky Pattison Edit is available from 26th May 2022, exclusively online here.