Ukraine and its entry Klaush Orchestra won this year's Eurovision Song Contest, which was held in Turin, Italy back in May 2022. The act performed their track Stefania amid exceptional circumstances with Ukraine under attack from neighbouring Russia in a brutal campaign by President Vladimir Putin. The UK and the BBC will be hosting Eurovision on behalf of Ukraine with many wondering when the event will be taking place.  Eurovision 2023 will most likely be taking place in May 2023, much like the competition has done in previous years. Since 1989, Eurovision has always taken place in May with the competition previously occurring in March and April before this. The BBC is likely to confirm a firm date closer to the time and is currently in the process of finding a location for the contest to take place. In a statement, the BBC’s director-general Tim Davie said: “It is a matter of great regret that our colleagues and friends in Ukraine are not able to host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest. READ MORE: Ukraine Eurovision 2022 song: Meaning of Kalush Orchestra's Stefania “Being asked to host the largest and most complex music competition in the world is a great privilege. “The BBC is committed to making the event a true reflection of Ukrainian culture alongside showcasing the diversity of British music and creativity.” Davie added: "The BBC will now begin the process to find a host city to partner with us on delivering one of the most exciting events to come to the UK in 2023.” Nadine Dorries, the minister for the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, posted on Twitter: “It’s official. Eurovision is coming to the UK.  “This is Ukraine’s Eurovision and it’s an absolute privilege and honour for the UK to be supporting our friends.” Both the BBC and the European Broadcasting Union jointly announced the UK serving as host nation on behalf of Ukraine, which is currently at war with Russia. The decision comes amid safety concerns about hosting in winning nation Ukraine, which has become a conflict zone. This isn't the first time the BBC has stepped in to host Eurovision on behalf of another nation.   In 2022, Sam Ryder's Spaceman for the UK came a close runner-up to the Kalush Orchestra, the best result Britain has seen in a very long time in the contest after winning back in 1997. Previously, the BBC has stepped in four times in the past with Martin Österdahl, the Eurovision Song Contest’s Executive Supervisor, saying: "Continuing in this tradition of solidarity, we know that next year’s Contest will showcase the creativity and skill of one of Europe’s most experienced public broadcasters whilst ensuring this year’s winners, Ukraine, are celebrated and represented throughout the event.” The BBC will be working closely with the National Public Broadcasting Company of Ukraine (UA:PBC) on the contest to ensure it has Ukrainian elements. Mykola Chernotytskyi, Head of the Managing Board of UA:PBC, said: “The 2023 Eurovision Song Contest will not be in Ukraine but in support of Ukraine. We are grateful to our BBC partners for showing solidarity with us. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 winner: Who won the Eurovision Song Contest 2022? [INSIGHT]Why do singers wear earpieces in Eurovision? [ANALYSIS]Serbia Eurovision song lyrics: What is said about Meghan Markle? [EXPLAINER] "I am confident that together we will be able to add Ukrainian spirit to this event and once again unite the whole of Europe around our common values of peace, support, celebrating diversity and talent.” Prior to the BBC and the EBU's announcement, there had been rumours the UK would be hosting on behalf of Ukraine. The competition is now in the early stages with a venue and other details still be thrashed out by the organisers, The BBC has hosted Eurovision more times than any other broadcaster. Among the UK cities to have played host to Eurovision include London in 1960, 1963, 1968 and 1977, Edinburgh in 1972, Brighton in 1974, Harrogate in 1982, and Birmingham in 1998. The Eurovision Song Contest 2023 will be taking place in the UK