Netflix’s romantic drama, Virgin River premiered its eagerly awaited fourth season last week. After a major revelation of the mystery surrounding Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge), the actress spoke on an axed scene from the baby plot. Virgin River’s third season ended on a major cliffhanger which revealed Mel was pregnant, but the identity of the baby’s father was unknown. Although she was with Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson), the pair had a brief break-up and she travelled to Los Angeles. As she was desperate to become a mother Mel used the embryos she shared with her deceased ex-husband Mark Monroe (Daniel Gillies). By the time she returned to the town, it was revealed she was pregnant but as she had shared the night with Jack, fans were also left questioning the father’s identity of Mel’s baby. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub  After much speculation the season four finale confirmed Jack was the father of the unborn baby. With the pair back together, they were at a hotel celebrating their recent engagement when she received a message about the paternity of the baby. Despite this, the actress revealed the original plan was to make Mark the father of her baby. During an interview with Entertainment Tonight, Breckenridge stated: “Charmaine’s (Lauren Hammersley) babies would always be Jack’s and Mel’s baby was going to be Mark’s.”  She continued: ”And then about really close to the end, it completely changed. “The writers came back and they were like, ‘Charmaine’s babies are not Jack’s and Mel’s baby is Jack’s'.” “I was like, ‘Oh thank you,’” Breckenridge concluded There was some back and forth about the paternity as Jack didn’t want to know as he was afraid it would change his feeling toward the child. DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 5 theory: Denny to rob beloved resident Bert [THEORY]Martin Henderson shares Virgin River season 5 fears [INSIGHT]What did Don do to Brie Sheridan in Virgin River? [INSIGHT]   However, Mel was adamant about finding out as Mark’s mother was threatening legal action and wanted custody of the baby. The message read: “The alleged father is not excluded as the biological father of the tested child.” A confused Jack asked: “Not excluded?” As Mel smiled and responded: “It means you’re the father.”    Taken aback by the revelation Jack asked: “What?” to which Mel confirmed: “It means that you’re the father and we’re having a girl.” “Oh, holy cr*p! We’re having a little girl,” Jack grinned. “I’m so happy right now.” Originally, Jack was stressed as he was also expecting twins with his ex-girlfriend Charmaine Roberts. However, in a stunning confession, Charmaine admitted she lied and confirmed they weren’t his babies. Virgin River is available to stream on Netflix now.   