The Port of Dover Chief Executive Doug Bannister has blasted French authorities for the traffic queues seen at Dover today. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Bannister said that French authorities had only provided half of the required staff needed at the border.  Earlier in the day, the Dover chief declared "a critical incident," on what is expected to be an extremely busy day for air, road and rail travel as most schools across England and Wales break up for the holidays. He told Sky News: "We should not be in this position. We have been planning for this day for months. "We have installed new infrastructure and trained up new people. "We warned that if we did not have the resources in place by around 4am today, we would be in this position. "It is highly regrettable." JUST IN: EU fear Liz Truss over hated Brexit deal and want ‘globalist Sunak’ When pressed on who was to blame, Mr Bannister responded: "We don't know why there were insufficient resources deployed from the French border control. "We had shared with them what are resourcing requirements were and we had about half the number overnight. "There are insufficient French officers on the ground. We don't know why this has happened." He added that the port had been “badly let down” by French border controls. Travelers at Dover clear French entry requirements at the port before crossing the Channel. He added: "We are getting the traffic moving, which is good news but it will take some time for the backlog to clear." The Port of Dover chief said he could not give an estimate on when the critical incident would be resolved. This weekend is expected to be the start of the busiest summer getaway in years. DON'T MISS: Sneering Remoaners blame Brexit for Dover Port chaos [REACTION]Kate and Prince William defy royal rule over holiday trip [VIDEO]'Laughing stock' Brexit travel chaos as passports must be stamped [INTERVIEW] France will deploy emergency border staff to ease the emergency traffic delays at Dover, according to local MP Natalie Elphicke. She said France was "put under pressure" by the Foreign Office to supply extra staff. Ms Elphicke told BBC News: "Quite simply, the French Border officers didn't turn up to work. "I fully sympathise with anyone caught in the traffic delays today." READ NEXT: More than 1,600 migrants have crossed the Channel this monthDover port CHAOS: 'Critical incident' sparks 'don't travel warning'Sneering Remoaners blame Brexit for Dover Port chaos'Laughing stock' Brexit travel chaos as passports must be stampedElton John warns musicians will be ‘stranded in Dover’ due to Brexit