Lisa has played Mandy Dingle on Emmerdale intermittently for the best part of 27 years, and it doesn't seem she is going to slow down any time yet. The ITV soap character has recently taken a backseat from the drama as the actress has been enjoying time with her partner away from the camera. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the soap star's relationship. Yes, Lisa is currently in a long-term relationship with her partner, only known to her followers as Al, with the actress often posting selfies with him on her Instagram page. The soap star met the American musician in 2014 after the pair were put in touch with each other through mutual friends. However, it wasn't until they had been in a relationship for four years did the actress's other half get down on one knee to pop the question. This year, it will be four years since she said yes to walking down the aisle, but the couple doesn't seem to be in any rush to tie the knot. Although Lisa remains very secretive about her beau, not even revealing his surname, she often talks about him in interviews. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun: Jasmine Harman shuts down couple's expectations They had considered getting hitched in 2021 as they found they became even closer during the coronavirus pandemic, but again, this didn't happen. Speaking about her husband-to-be, the actress said: "I already call him my husband and he calls me his wife. We just haven't gone down the aisle and got the ring and the paperwork. "In the six years we’ve been together, we’ve never spent as much time together as we have this year, and we still love each other. "We’ve been getting on brilliantly, I feel blessed. I wouldn’t rule out us getting married next year at all," she told The Mirror back in 2020. However, when she first met Al back in 2014, she knew he would be the one for her after years of trying to find the right man. Lisa explained: "I always picked the blokes who liked the red carpet and liked being on Lisa Riley’s arm and the reason why, fundamentally, was because they were t****rs. “They weren’t with me for the correct reasons, whereas Al would love me if I made wicker baskets for a living. “He loves me for who I am and also he’s the calm to my mayhem. He was real and honest and my job didn’t remotely impress him. "It’s a cliché but when I stopped looking for someone, that’s when it happened to me. And I definitely wasn’t looking for love anymore.” The actress has also said she would like the ceremony to be an intimate affair, with only the couple's nearest and dearest in attendance. DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter struggled to breath for 11 years due to ‘toxic’ breasts [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick 'shocks' with unexpected career ambition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT] It seems the couple will also not be having children anytime soon after Lisa struggled for years to get pregnant through IVF. Speaking about the idea of having children, the soap star said: "Al would never want me to go through IVF again because he said he lost the girl he fell in love with. "I may not have 2.4 kids and a dog but I have a beautiful b****y life. I wouldn't change it for the world, I'm so lucky." Discussing ruling out IVF as an option, she told Closer Magazine: "I wouldn't go down the IVF route now but I will let nature take its course. "And, if I did fall pregnant, I would be thrilled. But I am not going to dwell on it, no one is going to give me bad news again." Just last month, the couple celebrated their anniversary of meeting and eight years on, they are still happier than ever. Taking to her Instagram account to mark the occasion, the actress posted a picture of herself with her husband-to-be. With both of them smiling, the soap star wrote: "Happy anniversary, baby. Love and laughter and learning = today. "We love each other, we never stop laughing together, and we are always learning and keep learning," Lisa captioned the image. It was on the social media platform she announced her engagement to Al back in 2018, posting a picture of herself with the ring on. The actress told her 185,000 followers: "Yes I can now confirm the rumours are true…I have got engaged…My soul mate and best mate and love of my life Al is the best thing to have ever happened to me." Lisa continued: "We have absolutely no date set for any wedding day, just happy together...zero fuss, just firmed our togetherness. "And got sick of having to keep switching fingers with my ring. Seriously over the moon!!! Thanks for your messages." The soap star often keeps fans updated on her life off-camera on social media so this is where she will post about the wedding plans if she decides to share them with her followers. However, Mandy will have a lot on her plate in the coming weeks as she will become suspicious of Sandra Flaherty (played by Joanne Mitchell) and why she has really returned to the village. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.