Recent measures introduced to support penny-pinching Brits were announced when the price cap was expected to rise to around £2,800 in October. Many British households will receive at least £400 to help alleviate the pressures. Those from vulnerable groups, such as pensioners and the disabled, will receive even more. However, a recent forecast has appeared to suggest the price could increase yet again to a whopping £3,244. Darren Jones, Labour MP for Bristol North West and Chair of the Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) Select Committee, said: "Once again, the energy crisis is racing ahead of the Government. "To prevent millions from dropping into unmanageable debt it's imperative that the support package is updated and implemented before October, when the squeeze will become a full-on throttling of household finances and further tip the economy towards recession." JUST IN: 'Alarming!' Attenborough warns against destroying forests for wood-burning power stations The Commons BEIS Committee has been hearing from experts, ministers and industry chiefs about how the Government could respond to the crisis. Mr Jones claimed the message the Committee had received was a warning. He said: "If you think things are bad now, you've not seen anything yet." Jones added: "This winter is going to be extremely difficult for family finances and it's therefore critical that public funds are better targeted to those who need it the most." READ MORE: Lord David Trimble dead: Ex-Northern Ireland First Minister dies aged 77 after illness The BEIS Committee also suggested the energy price cap could be replaced by a discounted tariff for the most vulnerable, according to Sky News. But MPs also took aim at energy regulator Ofgem. They even accused Ofgem of "incompetence over many years". The Committee added: "Ofgem failed to use its existing powers and didn't bring action against energy suppliers even when it was clear that they should have done. DON'T MISS:Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS]Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION]