This morning, Prince William and Princess Charlotte sent a good luck message to the England women's national football team. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the pair's relationship and what we can gauge from this sweet clip. The official Twitter account of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared a praise to the Lionesses ahead of their final today. The tweet was captioned: "Good luck Lionesses, we're all cheering for you!" Attached was a video of Prince William and Princess Charlotte sending a message of well wishes. The Prince stated: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. READ MORE: Camilla 'ill at ease' with Prince Charles, Harry and William - claims "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way." Princess Charlotte then added: "Good luck, I hope you win, bye!" She accompanied this with a little wave, as her dad looked at her lovingly. Judi James analysed this sweet moment and revealed all to Express.co.uk. She said: "William tries very hard to suppress the pride from his facial expression as his daughter delivers her own message to the Lionesses." However, Judi said the proud dad "fails badly" at this attempt. His "lip clamp and his rounded cheeks" are just two non-verbal indicators of his delight at his daughter's short speech, she shared. Such gestures reveal the "intensity of his emotions" as Charlotte delivers her own message. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' Judi continued: "Charlotte’s confidence signals are suitably impressive as she eggs the football team on." She holds her own in front of the camera and does not hide away behind her dad, the body language expert continued. "There are no glances at her dad to take her cue and she is the one saying ‘Bye!’ and waving to complete the message." This suggests "high levels of perceived control from the young Princess", she claimed. Judi concluded: "Both William and Charlotte look totally relaxed here and their body language is congruent, showing high levels of genuine engagement with the World Cup finale." Royal fans also recognised the sweet relationship between the father and daughter. @pooja33719735 tweeted: "Lovely message! How cute is Princess Charlotte, wishing the @lionesses good luck for today?!" @beedell24 added: "Beautiful Charlotte and beautiful words, you are so clever and super cute. Good luck!! We will be supporting you and cheering you on today!! @lionesses. Thank you for sharing such a wonderful video of you and beautiful Charlotte, Prince William @royalfamily. @libertyrains agreed: "What a sensitive girl Princess Charlotte seems to be.. so obviously filled with kindness… it’s written all over her. Such a great dad, Prince William."