Theresa May made a thinly veiled swipe at Boris Johnson ahead of his resignation speech while remembering colleague James Brokenshire. Mr Johnson announced earlier today that he will be standing down as Prime Minister. Political figures and members of the British public have been calling for his resignation due to his perceived failures as Prime Minister. Ms May praised her Mr Brokenshire for his decency honesty and integrity and explained what it takes to be an effective minister. Ms May said: "Secondly James accepted Parliament, understanding the importance of the scrutiny that parliament provides. "He accepted that both Parliament can improve legislation and that sometimes there has to be compromise in order to get legislation through. "Another element of this was his willingness to work across the house to find solutions. "This came most naturally in his relation to his work as security minister but in other areas too he would take the time and trouble to speak to his opposite members. "And thirdly he knew that ministers had to get to grips with the issues.    JUST IN: 'Bye Boris!' PMQs stream cut short as MPs shout at Johnson     Ms May said: "It isn't good enough just to wing it or prioritise getting the headlines. "An effective minister takes the time and trouble to really get into the detail of the issue. "James Brokenshire was a safe, dependable pair of hands and I always had confidence in him. "James wasn't merely competent. He was unmistakably somebody with deep-rooted values. "He exemplified decency, honesty and integrity. "Values that I believe are essential to public life if we are to have faith in our politics."     READ MORE:'We're going to see a lot more unrest' Vine panellist warns of further protests     Mr Johnson has since stepped down as Prime Minister of the country. Mr Johnson gave a statement on his resignation outside Number 10 this afternoon. Now political experts and members of the British public are speculating about who will replace Mr Johnson as leader. Mr Johnson explained plans for how the Conservative party will elect a new leader during his resignation statement.  DON’T MISS: 'It's over, isn't it?' Nadhim Zahawi finds out another minister has quit live on air[INSIGHT] ‘I personally have lost confidence in the Prime Minister’ Another Tory MP savages Boris [REVEAL] 'Blistering' Beijing blasted as MI5 and FBI warn China poses 'game-changing challenge' [SPOTLIGHT]     Mr Johnson said: "It is clearly now the will of the Parliamentary Conservative party that there should be a new leader of that party and therefore a new prime minister. “And I’ve agreed with Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of our backbench MPs, that the process of choosing that new leader should begin now. “The timetable will be announced next week and I’ve today appointed a Cabinet to serve, as I will until a new leader is in place. “So I want to say to the millions of people who voted for us in 2019, many of them voting Conservative for the first time, thank you for that incredible mandate, the biggest Conservative majority since 1987, the biggest share of the vote since 1979 .“And the reason I have fought so hard in the last few days to continue, to deliver that mandate in person, was not just because I wanted to do so but because I felt it was my job, my duty, my obligation to you, to continue to do what we promised in 2019. READ NEXT