 As the UK rapidly approaches August and Ofgem’s price cap announcement on the energy price cap gets closer, many Britons are trying to cut back on their energy use as much as they can. People are currently doing the obvious such as turning off the lights, washing their clothes at a lower temperature, and air drying their clothes rather than using a dryer. Another way people are keeping an eye on their usage is by installing a smart meter.     An OVO Energy spokesperson told Express.co.uk that the “main benefit” of a smart meter is that Britons can see and track their energy usage in real-time as they have an at-home display. This means that people can see the "hidden" household items which are using the most energy in their home. This can therefore help people cut down where they need to, and can enable people “to lower their bills”. OVO Energy said: “Many of us are guilty of leaving all our plugs switched on whilst we’re not using our gadgets, and we also leave devices like TVs on standby rather than switching off completely.” READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account     By turning these off, research by the Energy Saving Trust, 2022 found that people can shave around £55 off their electricity bill. Smart meters automatically send readings to a person’s supplier meaning they can bill more accurately. The Government is currently encouraging the UK to install smart meters in their homes as part of its ambition to meet its net zero target by 2050. OVE Energy said: “We need to make our energy system cheaper, cleaner and more efficient, and the smart meter roll-out is a simple but vital step that will help reduce an individual's carbon footprint and collectively, get us on the path towards a greener future.”    Further research by Boiler Central found that using a smart meter could save households an average of £75 on their bills. OVO Energy highlighted this is a “significant” saving as smart meters are free to install. Once installed, OVO Energy explained that people could possibly see savings within the first month of having a smart meter installed. However, this is if people are proactive. READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams    It said: “The amount saved depends on the changes made in the home but a smart meter means it’s easier to adjust your energy usage behaviours once you’ve begun to monitor and get a grasp on where you could make energy savings.” OVO Energy believes that it is better for a household to have a smart meter than top not. It said: “When smart meters are optimised to their full potential we can then look at using smart technology to develop a suite of new services, including smart appliances, home energy storage, and electric vehicle charging. "In fact, the benefits do not end with accuracy, ease of use and efficiency as smart meters will serve to transform the system by acting as a gateway to technology, feeding into the smart grid and supporting the shift to renewable energy.”     People will be contacted by their energy supplier if they are able to get a smart meter installed. If they don’t, a person can contact their supplier directly asking for the dates on which they will be eligible. Suppliers are responsible for making sure the smart meters works correctly, and for explaining the process to a person beforehand. Other things that the supplier will be responsible for are teaching people how to use their smart meter, providing a copy of the instructions to the customer, and explaining how to use energy efficiently. They should also provide a number to call if anything goes wrong.   