In poll after poll of Tory members and the country as a whole, the Defence Secretary has come out as the most popular option. He is seen as a decent and honourable man, a steadying force after months of turmoil and has had a very good war in terms of handling Ukraine. But he does not want the top job. But Mr Wallace’s decision has actually been a boon for Brexiteers in the Tory ranks. One senior backbencher put it to me: “The thing about Ben is that he would have been the Remainer wing’s best candidate who would have stood a chance of uniting the party. “His record on defence, his hawkish instincts on increasing defence spending and having a robust foreign policy, have all played well across the party and are extremely popular with members.” But the MP added: “The danger was that he would have come in and taken a much softer attitude to the European Union, aligned us with their rules and maybe taken us into the Single Market again. “That was certainly the hope of some. The issue now is where will Wallace put his support? The price will be high and he will add an enormous amount of credibility and gravitas to a candidate’s bid. Will he go with Rishi Sunak, the recently resigned Chancellor, who is rapidly emerging as the establishment’s candidate? There would be a lot of sense in the match with Wallace filling a need on defence and foreign policy which is a gap for Sunak. But the two clashed heavily on defence spending, a reason that Wallace was a more popular choice among members than Sunak was. READ MORE: Sunak throws hat in the ring as he announces bid to become next PM A contender like Suella Braverman who has emerged from nowhere and now appears to be rapidly becoming the candidate of the right and Brexiteers could do with Wallace’s support to add weight and breadth to her bid. Bringing in Wallace would be a sign that she wants to unify the party and he would match her ambitions on defence spending and a much more robust foreign policy. He could though go with a more ideological ally like Tom Tugendhat, a former Remainer who would be a fresh face but agrees with Wallace on defence and foreign affairs. Or there are the expected candidacies of Penny Mordaunt, a former defence secretary, or Liz Truss. DON'T MISS Rees-Mogg fury over threatened cross-Channel pigeon racing [REVEAL] Have Your Say: Which Tory leadership hopeful do you trust with Brexit? [REACT] NEW poll shows Boris is still the most popular in America [INSIGHT] Whatever he decides Wallace should be asking for a Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary role. He would bring other MPs with him and provide a calming serious face to any campaign. More importantly, the 100,000 Tory members love him and in the end, they are the electorate who will decide this leadership election.