As supporters made clear last night, the Prime Minister believes he has a mandate from 14 million people to deliver on the promises contained in his 2019 election manifesto and get the job done. Mr Johnson succeeded in delivering Brexit, ending the Parliamentary deadlock which threatened to keep us in the EU indefinitely, and saw the country through the Covid pandemic. Now, he believes that he is the right person to guide this country through the cost-of-living crisis and the upheaval caused by Russian tyrant Vladimir Putin's brutal invasion of Ukraine. At the same time, there are many in the party who have turned against him, including some that he considered his confidants and supporters. But if his opponents hope to drive him out of No 10, it is up to them to take his mandate away. In the past, a visit from a party grandee may have been enough to force a Prime Minister out of office. But it is now clear that those days are gone. It is certainly true that the 1922 Committee - the body representing backbench Tory MPs - could choose to allow a second confidence vote to take place, making it clear whether Mr Johnson retains the support of his Parliamentary colleagues or not. Whether they will take this step remains to be seen.They are entitled to do so if they choose. Equally, Mr Johnson is perfectly entitled to say he will remain in office until any such vote takes place, and ask his party to back him if the time comes. READ MORE: Leadership challenge shock for Boris – 54 resignations  The Prime Minister would be the first to admit that he has made mistakes. He's also got the big decisions right, while arguably facing greater challenges than any other peacetime prime minister. Many people outside Westminster will regard events as a peculiar and bizarre implosion by a Conservative Party that is intent on bringing down one of its most successful leaders. It may be hard to understand why Tory MPs are turning on Mr Johnson and on each other. But politics has always been a brutal business, as the Prime Minister knows. Previous leaders have also faced challenges to their authority. Mr Johnson is entitled to fight for what he believes is right for his country and the party, and is obviously intent on doing so. The possibility of a further confidence vote exists, if Conservative MPs choose to hold one, and it is only fair that the process is seen through. 