Manchester United are ready to pay Frenkie de Jong a high salary in order to get their deal for the midfielder over the line, according to reports. However, the Barcelona star STILL has no interest in joining. And it’s looking increasingly likely that Erik ten Hag will have to do without the 25-year-old as he looks to make his mark at Old Trafford. Manchester United have been chasing De Jong throughout the summer transfer window, spending over 80 days locked in talks. The Netherlands international was quickly identified as Ten Hag’s top target upon taking the job, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And Sport say that, with United eager to conclude a deal, they’re willing to offer De Jong a huge salary. The Barcelona star is believed to earn close to £360,000-a-week over in Catalonia, having penned a huge deal upon moving from Ajax in 2019. And United are prepared to make that financial gesture believing De Jong would be a substantial asset under Ten Hag in the Premier League. The problem is, though, the Barcelona star has no interest in coming. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The 25-year-old has reportedly informed Ten Hag about his desire to stay put, something that was also reported on Wednesday. De Jong doesn’t want to play for a team who aren’t in the Champions League, with United unable to offer him that platform after finishing sixth in the table under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Instead, they’ll be strutting their stuff in the Europa League - a tournament they’ve reached the final in twice in the past five years. De Jong’s family are also said to be ‘not seduced’ by the idea of moving to Manchester, too. And it seems like a deal for the Netherlands international, at the current moment in time, is dead in the water. That will be a blow for United, who have put all their resources into striking a deal. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And if they end up missing out on De Jong, then there are four potential alternatives they could target. United would love to sign Declan Rice, who is reluctant to sign a new contract at West Ham. But any deal for the England international won’t come cheap, with the Hammers seeking a fee close to £100million to even consider letting their prized asset go. It would take a similar amount to prise Ruben Neves away from Wolves, too, with the Portugal international having admires behind the scenes at Old Trafford. United wanted to sign Sergej Milinkovic-Savic from Lazio as a replacement for Paul Pogba when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost in 2018. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And interest in the Serbia international could be reignited, amid claims he’d cost in the region of £70m. A fourth option for United would be Leicester’s Youri Tielemans. The Belgium international has just a year left on his contract at the King Power Stadium, meaning he’d be available for a cheaper price than usual. However, it’s previously been reported the former Anderlecht star would prefer to join Arsenal instead - even if the Gunners appear to have other priorities. Meanwhile, if United fail to sign De Jong, former Crystal Palace star Darren Ambrose thinks James Garner is more than capable of stepping up. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I’m 50/50 whether De Jong will end up being a Man United player,” he told talkSPORT. “But Garner, I think he can make the step up. “You look at when a manager comes into a football club, one of the first things they want to do is prove they can improve the players. “He [Ten Hag] did that at Ajax. And I think he’ll be looking at a player like Garner and thinking, ‘I can prove that I can build a player into a Man United squad'. It’s happened before with young players at Man United. I think Garner is a fantastic player. “I’m not comparing him to De Jong, but there’s potential that he could grow into that position and play a similar role.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here