The one-off payment is being processed by local councils, to help Britons cover their bills amid the cost of living crisis. Many authorities have already started sending out the cash boost, which is going to all households in bands A to D. But fraudsters are seeking to take advantage of the payment scheme, to get people to hand over their details. Scammers are contacting people, pretending to be from a local authority, asking people to hand over their bank details to receive the rebate. Age UK issued a warning about the hoax scheme, with fraudsters contacting people over the phone and by email. The charity said: “People are being asked to give their bank details to receive the rebate. READ MORE: UK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures'  “Local councils say they would never cold call or email and ask for your bank details to make the payment. “Do not give out your details.” People who pay their council tax by direct debit should get the rebate automatically paid into their bank account. For those who do not pay by direct debit, individual authorities will contact residents about how their payment will be processed. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [INSIGHT]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [ANALYSIS]HSBC offers £170 in ‘free cash’ to savers - days left to benefit [LATEST] There is no need to contact the local council in the meantime. Some local authorities have opted to set up a form where people without a direct debit can request the rebate. Others are providing vouchers that can be redeemed at the post office, or a cheque that can be sent in the post. One £150 payment will be made per eligible household, which is defined as a person or group of people living in a property that gets a separate council tax bill. READ MORE: Scam warning: Santander explains what it'll never do Britons can find out who their local council is using the postcode checker on the Government website. The rebate was to be distributed from April this year, but households have been warned it could take up to six months for the money to arrive. The payment was introduced as part of former Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s cost of living relief package, and is set to help 80 percent of homeowners. Other measures include a £650 for Britons on low incomes, to be paid in two instalments. People on Universal Credit will receive the first instalment, of £326, this month, with the second payment to be made in the autumn. All Britons will receive a £400 support payment from the DWP no matter what their income. Those who are on disability benefits will get a further £150 towards their energy bills.  Scams can be reported to the police by calling 101 or to the Action Fraud helpline on 0300 123 2040. 