Prince Harry has been warned by a royal expert that his memoir has been "upstaged" by Tom Bower's book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors. Neil Sean claimed after Meghan Markle's Netflix show was cut, "everything" hinges on Harry's book. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "It's a little bit dicey with Netflix because Meghan lost Pearl, the animated series she was putting together. "Then of course Harry hoped to get something more than just the Invictus Games but that seems to have gone a little wayward so, tricky times. "Everything now centres on this book." He added: "My advice to Penguin Random House, I think you've really been upstaged already by the book in demand, Revenge by Tom Bower. "It's going to be really difficult to sell a royal book, particularly at Christmastime. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'can't respond' to bombshell book "Books tend to get sold during the summer period as people take a break and have their holidays." Meghan and Harry signed a lucrative deal with the streaming giant to host and produce content, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex "gave away a lot of content for free" to Oprah Winfrey in their bombshell interview with her, royal expert Angela Mollard has said. Speaking to the Australian morning show Sunrise, Ms Mollard said: "They in a sense gave away for free to Oprah a lot of content. "They've told her a lot. So what exclusivity does Netflix have if they were to do a documentary with them? "I think if you were the boss of Netflix you would be thinking, 'am I getting the money worth with these two?' "Voicing a couple of documentaries is really not cutting it. "There has to be an alignment of brands and I don't think that's happening at this stage." DON'T MISS Tom Bower ridicules Meghan for 'attempts to cut me off' [VIDEO]Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [ANALYSIS] It comes as Meghan and Harry are caught in a "mess" with their "fly on the wall Netflix documentary", a royal expert has claimed. The pair reunited with senior members of the Royal Family for the first time since Megxit during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. But the royal couple's Netflix plans were dismantled when palace aides stopped them from taking photos with the Queen. Royal expert Russell Myers claimed that officials were "absolutely" against images amid claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on a Netflix documentary.