The bank recently revealed the list of the top celebrities who are exploited in fake advertisements and social media posts by fraudsters. Holly Willoughy and Martin Lewis are among the famous individuals who have had their image used in these scams. NatWest said consumers should be aware that some products appearing to be advertised by a celebrity might be “too good to be true”. Ms Willoughby and her This Morning co-presenter Philip Schofield jointly topped NatWest’s league table of famous people exploited in scams. One customer of the bank transferred over £370,000 to a fraudster as part of a cryptocurrency investment scam which purported to be the pair - but they actually had no involvement whatsoever. On social media, the customer saw a cryptocurrency scam purporting to feature the ITV presenters, believing they would be able to make sizeable gains from an investment in crypto, which actually resulted in a loss. In 2021, the highest value celebrity investment scam came out £266,000 and fraudulently used the identity of Holly Willoughby. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly This represents a staggering increase of almost 40 percent in value over the year, according to NatWest. Martin Lewis had his face exploited by criminals to convince a customer into parting with £317,000. Another customer of the bank saw a fake advertisement featuring Mr Lewis promoting ‘Bitcoin Evolution’. Social media platforms were the primary vehicle for fraudsters in reaching out to potential victims. Among the other celebrities who featured on the bank’s scam list included Piers Morgan, Gordon Ramsey and Sir Richard Branson. Each of these individuals had their image used by criminals in fake advertisements to forward their scams. Banks, such as NatWest, are warning UK consumers on what to look out for and to question any endorsements from celebrities of products and services. In light of the cost of living crisis, many people are becoming increasingly prone to scams as fraudsters take advantage of the nation’s precocious financial situation. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack Stuart Skinner, NatWest’s scam expert, broke down how criminals use impersonation scams to further their operations. Mr Skinner explained: “Fraud is surging in the UK, the most powerful tool we all have in defeating these criminals is knowledge. “In knowing that criminals are exploiting the images of celebrities we can all take steps to protect ourselves. “If you have seen an ad promising large profit, high rates of return and/or offering to help you invest in cryptocurrency, this is likely to be a scam – if it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.” Scam watchdog Action Fraud has previously warned the British public about the threat posed by impersonation scams. Pauline Smith, the organisation’s director, encouraged anyone who believes they are a victim of this crime to report their case as soon as possible. Ms Smith said: “Fraudsters will try every trick in the book to try and convince their victims to part with their money. “We often see reports where fraudsters will impersonate police officers and officials. If you think you have been a victim of fraud, report it to Action Fraud.”