When the beloved BBC drama Call the Midwife, in which Agutter plays Sister Julienne, featured a storyline about a baby born with cystic fibrosis, the actress spoke out about her poignant family connection. In the heart-rending episode, which aired back in 2019, a mother was distraught when her child refused to drink, was losing weight and becoming sick. Seeing familiarities within her own family, Agutter shared that she carries one of the fault genes which causes CF and suspected that both of her parents did too after they tragically lost a baby boy and a baby girl – Agutter’s siblings – in infancy.   Agutter continued to say: “She has worked hard to remain healthy and kept moving along with the improvements in treatment and care.” However, even with improvements in care for CF, Agutter has had to witness her niece’s anguish at trying to keep the condition at bay. She added: “My niece has been in and out of hospital but I think what the most scary time is when suddenly a CF sufferer does actually grow up and is suddenly in charge of their own life. “There are so many different problems that come with CF, but the primary one, and the one which is most threatening, is damage to the lungs. Every time there is an infection and you can’t move the mucus, there is more damage to your lungs. “Eventually, when your lungs are no longer functioning well enough, you go on the waiting list for a transplant. But your lung function has to be down to something like 25 percent, which would be like trying to breathe through a straw.”  In addition to recurring chest infections, other symptoms of CF can include the following: Agutter herself decided to have herself tested for CF when she became pregnant with her son 20 years ago. The test revealed that, like her brother, she was also a carrier of a faulty version of the CF transmembrane conductance regulator gene (CFTR), which causes the condition. Luckily her husband did not carry the same mutated gene, meaning that their children were not at risk as it takes two people with the one single gene to create this problem with CF. However, this did not mean that the run of CF in her family would stop as after Rachel’s diagnosis, Agutter’s great-nephew, Albie was also diagnosed. Due to this Agutter became actively involved in her role as a patron and trustee of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust and remains optimistic for a better future for both sufferers and their families. She commented: “The Cystic Fibrosis Trust’s work is vital, providing life changing world class research, day to day care and support as well as campaigning for life saving drugs for all.  “The very exciting thing right now is that they are looking at changing the make up of the lung with gene therapy. “Most people who have CF die with lung disease - about 90 percent. So if you can keep the lung healthy you can basically create an ordinary life for the CF sufferer." Although there is currently no cure, treatments for CF as described by the NHS include medication to help lung problems, airways clearance techniques, dietary and nutritional advice and lung transplants. The Cystic Fibrosis Trust also notes that exercise is particularly important for managing CF. This is because it can help clear mucus from the lungs and help to improve overall health. Maintaining flexibility, particularly around the ribs and shoulders, is also important. Older children and adults may need to do stretching exercises to preserve full movement in the joints and muscles around these areas. 