Why Didn’t They Ask Evans premiered on Britbox in April and transported viewers back to back to 1934 when Agatha Christie officially published the novel. After admitting the adaptation had its challenges, showrunner Hugh Laurie also spoke on the motivation he had for the series.  For the period drama, Hugh Laurie was credited as the writer and director of the series, he also starred in a few episodes where he portrayed Dr James Nicholson. The murder mystery followed the adventures of two friends as they travelled across Wales and England to uncover the truth about a strange death. In the first episode, Bobby Jones (played by Will Poulter) had been out golfing when she discovered the body of a man who had seemingly fallen off a cliff. As he tried to help, the man spoke his final words to Bobby and left him with a cryptic question: “Why didn't they ask Evans?” READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Regarding the creation of the series, Laurie told Deadline: “I didn't fully appreciate how much of a challenge it would be. “I was just motivated by a sort of almost childish enthusiasm for the story for the character that Lucy plays for the deviant puzzle at the centre of the novel.” He continued: “The world that Agatha Christie created, I happen to think this novel is unusual and unique.” The man who had fallen to his death was soon identified as Mrs Cayman’s (Morwenna Banks) adventurer brother Alex Pritchard (Leon Ockendon).  However, even after the inquest, Bobby couldn’t shake the feeling something sinister was the result of his death. To figure out who Evans was, and resolve this mystery, Bobby was joined by his friend Lady Frances ‘Frankie’ Derwent (Lucy Boynton). As they ventured across the two British countries, they even lied about their identities to gain access to certain places. As a lifelong Agatha Christie fan, Laurie met up with the company in hopes of being able to adapt one of her other novels. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [INSIGHT]Why Didn’t They Ask Evans: Showrunner highlighted major challenges [INSIGHT]Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [INSIGHT] Due to the fact that it wasn’t available, they suggested Why Didn’t They Ask Evans. The director told them: “Well, there’s no role for me in it so I would love to be involved, but it wouldn’t be as an actor because I don’t see a role, but I’d love to try and write it.” During the TCA press conference, Laurie added: “The real mystery is what does the question of the title mean? “It’s like a 100-dimension Wordle where you’re trying to solve this puzzle and until you solve it, it’s not really satisfying. 