Zara Tindall is the granddaughter of the Queen, and the pair have shown a very "joyful" relationship over the years. She is also the niece of the future King, Prince Charles. Zara and Charles have been spotted having a chat at many family events. When they so, there appears to be a lot of affection between them. This is according to body language expert Judi James who analysed a number of their interactions. The expert suggested, on paper, the two royals are very different. READ MORE: Schools closed due to hot weather: Is yours on the list? However, they show nothing but happiness when in each other's company. Judi explained: "The body language dynamic between Zara and her uncle Charles has been giving joy for many years. "If you were to place all the royals on some sliding scale of PDAs and tactile behaviour in public you’d see Charles close to one end as a rather hands-off, stuffy-looking kind of a guy. "Zara would sit firmly at the other end as the most spontaneous and gloriously-gregarious-looking royal adult.  "Put the two together and you might expect Zara to tone her playfully affectionate rituals down with her uncle. "But instead she seems intent on cutting through any formal stuff by instigating some very dominant-looking hugs that seem to both surprise and delight the Prince." Zara is the eldest niece of Prince Charles and she often shows her admiration for him, Judi continued. The expert claimed Zara's relationship with her uncle may even verge on a protective one. READ MORE: Legs for days: Zara tindall's best mini dresses over the years Judi continued: "Zara is clearly very fond of her uncle and in terms of showing that affection in public she just goes for it, taking the lead in a way that makes her look rather protective of him. "Charles is much more reserved in terms of his reciprocal signals but his wide grins and his close-quarters eye contact suggests he’s a very doting uncle to his sister’s consistently upbeat and fun-looking daughter. "They might be chalk and cheese, with Charles’s more considered and often anxious-looking body language displays, but it’s Zara whose spontaneous approach wins every time, creating some cautiously jolly responses from Charles." Judi said this relationship was evident during one appearance of the royals at Royal Ascot in 2008. "Zara’s trick with Charles seems to be the neck embrace, which is both dominant, emphatic and escape-proof when she meets him," she analysed. "Here, she keeps some torso distance but places a rather protective arm around his upper shoulders with her fingers touching his neck. "Her more confident pose involves some leg-splay plus a hand in a fist-shape on her own waist and the elbow stuck out. "Charles’s pose is more passive, with his hands clasped behind his back, but their eye-to-eye contact and head closeness signals an easy-going and playful relationship."