 More and more Britons and looking for tips and techniques on how to reduce their energy consumption and spending. According to the charity Citizens Advice, this is as the number of people struggling with their bills increases. The cap on average household gas and electricity bills in the UK set by the energy regulator is likely to soar in October from £1,971 to £3,244 a year for typical use according to an analysis by Cornwall Insight. The boiler company BOXT has tried to help by sharing the “simple and easy actions” which people can take in order to lower their costs.     The group stated that Britons could lower the cost of their bill by around £80 a year by simply turning their thermostat down by one degree. The average temperature at which households have their thermostat on currently is 20°C and according to Uswitch, higher temperatures are one of the “biggest contributors to higher energy bills”. By turning it down, BOXT states that people in the UK could save an overall £1.4billion collectively every year. Another simple recommendation BOXT makes is to use thermostatic radiator valves to control the temperature in each room.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly     The firm states that by simply lowering the heating in the rooms people don’t use often they have the opportunity to save around £75 each year on their energy bills. People should also take the time to think about their boiler and to make sure that it is the right boiler type for their home. A BOXT spokesperson said: “The best boiler for you will depend on your lifestyle, the size of your home and the number of people living there. “A standard boiler may be a better option for larger households who use lots of water, however, combi boilers can be more efficient as they don’t leave water sitting in a tank where it can lose heat.” The boiler group also recommends that people programme their boilers in order “maximise their comfort and save money”. Research, undertaken by BOXT, found that only 27 percent of people do this. A boiler programmer allows a person to set their heating, and sometimes hot water, to switch on and off, at different times and on different days of the week.    This means that people can schedule when they would like the heating to come on and when to turn it off. People can also do this by getting a smart thermostat, this allows people to have “full control of the temperature of their home from wherever they are”. BOXT also recommends Britons get smart devices to help with energy costs such as smart thermostats and smart meters. Smart thermostats can also learn a household's habits and build a schedule that can work so the boiler is working as “efficiency as possible” and smart meters can show an individual how they are spending their money. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack     BOXT states that “making a small change can make a big difference” which is incredibly important at the moment as every little move will help as many Britons face extortionately high bills this winter. Citizens Advice has warned that more and more people are going to fall into energy debt with the charity reporting that the value of energy debts has almost doubled since 2019. The average debt that people owed energy firms in 2019 sat at £350 however the average debt now sits at over £650. In June 2022, the charity reported that they were helping 6,973 people with their energy debts. Citizens Advice stated that it is supporting more people unable to top up their prepayment meter this June than it did in January. In March of this year, Citizens Advice was helping nearly 10,000 people with their arrears. The charity expects this figure to increase significantly towards the end of the year.     So far this year the charity has helped more than 47,600 people with energy debts. Dame Clare Moriarty, chief executive of Citizens Advice, said: “Our data paints a picture of the stark choices facing families everywhere as the cost-of-living crisis bites. “Most worrying is that issues we’d typically see in winter - like people unable to top up their prepayment meter - are peaking in the height of summer. “It’s clear our charts are only going in the wrong direction. The government did the right thing by bringing in support through the benefits system to help people struggling the most. It must now be ready to act again before winter sets in.”   