Chelsea star Armando Broja is unlikely to head anywhere on loan this summer, with player and club both favouring a permanent solution if they decide to part ways. West Ham have stepped up their pursuit of the 20-year-old, who was sent home early from the Blues' pre-season tour of the USA. Broja burst onto the Premier League stage last season, scoring six goals during a fruitful loan spell at Southampton. A host of Premier League sides have registered an interest this summer, although Chelsea were keen to wait until Thomas Tuchel was able to cast a close eye over him in pre-season. The youngster frustratingly picked up an injury after joining up with the squad in the US which prevented him from getting on the pitch against Club American on Sunday morning, and reports indicate that he is now on his way back to London. Express Sport understands that Broja is unlikely to leave the Blues on loan this summer, with player and club both leaning towards a permanent deal instead. While talks with the Hammers have progressed, sources suggest that there is still some meat left on the bone before fans can consider the move a done deal. JUST IN: Ousmane Dembele left Barcelona squad 'stunned' with request before clarifying speech Newcastle United and Everton have also been heavily linked with Broja, although David Moyes' side seem to have stolen a march over the past few days. At just 20 years old, the frontman showed huge potential on loan with the Saints last term and is seemingly ready for regular first-team opportunities. It looked as though those chances may be on the horizon at Stamford Bridge after Romelu Lukaku joined Inter Milan on loan last month. But Chelsea still appear to be stewing over whether to cash in on the youngster, with West Ham having reportedly tabled a package worth £30million. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Man Utd interest in Youri Tielemans 'growing' with Ten Hag a big fanChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde in Barcelona revengeArsenal 'reactivate' transfer interest as Arteta plots sixth signing In the build-up to Chelsea's pre-season win over Club American in Las Vegas, Thomas Tuchel was quizzed over Broja's future. "Armando is our player first of all and we have, at the moment, no interest in selling him," he said. "He is here to make an impression after he was on loan in Southampton. "That's his situation from where we look up front. It's good if there's interest as it shows us there's talent and potential. It shows us that Armando is in the position to impress and become a Chelsea player. When will he become a Chelsea player? Nobody knows but hopefully as soon as possible. "He got injured and there's a delay for him, which is never nice because a young player should normally make an impression from the first minute in pre-season. Now we have a bit of a delay in that but that's the situation." Alongside Broja, Chelsea fans are keeping a close eye on developments involving fellow highly-rated youngster, Levi Colwill. A host of sides are believed to be queueing up in case the Blues decide to let him go, with the teenager's future set to be decided by how many centre-backs the club sign this summer.