West Ham appeared to cause confusion with a photo on their Twitter account, as multiple Novak Djokovic fans hijacked the replies, comparing the similarities between the player in question and the recent Wimbledon champion.  West Ham shared a silhouette photo of one of their players to their Twitter account as part of a game for fans, asking: “Can you guess who?” But the replies weren’t exactly what the Hammers were expecting, as a number of people pointed out that the mystery man looked like Djokovic. “Genuinely looks like Novak Djokovic,” one wrote, receiving a reply from another fan who said they were “about to say the same thing”. Several more tweets backing the world No 7 to be the player in the picture came in, as one asked: “Novak Djokovic signing for West Ham?” and a fourth person added: “Giving Djokovic a shout.” Even when one supporter gave the correct answer, responding: “That’s Declan Rice,” they received a reply with a gif of the 21-time Grand Slam champion. There were multiple replies with just a photo of the Serb, while one appeared to get their tennis players mixed up as they guessed: “Rafael Nadal”. JUST IN: British star Norrie explains Medvedev connection and Wimbledon heroics  West Ham’s photo post was also part of their cryptic message to confirm the signing of Gianluca Scamacca. The club posted a series of tweets, in which the first letters all out Scamacca’s name, with the guessing game working out as the third letter and penultimate ‘C’ in the striker’s name. While it doesn’t appear the tennis icon will be joining the Hammers anytime soon - even if he looks like the player in question - Djokovic will be competing in East London soon following his Wimbledon triumph. The world No 7 has signed up for the Laver Cup, being staged in the O2 Arena this year. DON'T MISSNadal defended over Wimbledon injury as Fritz downplays 'unfair' claimKyrgios issues defiant top 10 message ahead of US Open despite injuryKyrgios 'shattered' as injury ends first post-Wimbledon tournament Djokovic completed a dream Big Four lineup on Team Europe as he joined Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray on the squad for what will be his second appearance at the Ryder Cup-style tournament which takes place from September 23 to 25.  “I’m really excited to be joining Team Europe again for the Laver Cup at London’s O2 arena in September,” the 21-time Grand Slam champion said. “It’s the only competition where you can play in a team environment with guys that you’re normally competing against and to be joining Rafa, Roger and Andy – three of my biggest all-time rivals – it’s going to be a truly unique moment in the history of our sport.” 