Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) and Mel Monroe’s (Alexandra Breckenridge) love story took another series of twists and turns when Virgin River returned for its fourth season on Netflix. The much-loved duo faced the struggles of a paternity dilemma, Jack’s drinking and the not-so-small issue of the former marine’s ex Charmaine’s (Lauren Hammersley) pregnancy. However, it seemed the lighthearted renaissance fair is what brought the most drama during filming. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River season 4. In episode six of the fourth season, Mel, Jack, Preacher (Colin Lawrence), Doc (Tim Matheson), Hope (Annette O’Toole) and the rest of Virgin River attended the town’s annual renaissance fair. There was plenty on offer for the residents to enjoy, from archery to classic performances from a number of the show’s biggest characters. This included a Romeo and Juliet rendition from Ricky (Grayson Maxwell Gurnsey) and Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale), and a fierce medieval face-off between Preacher and Jack. Preacher and Jack wielded pretend swords as they did battle on the stage, resulting in Jack’s character’s demise after Preacher’s alter-ego planted his sword through him. READ MORE: Where is Todd in Virgin River season 4? Has Todd left for good? While the scene was hard to watch at home as Jack has a PTSD episode while on stage, it turns out it was also rather tricky to film. In fact, actor Henderson left his co-stars fearing he was “practically concussed” after falling and landing on his head. "Martin did a backflip over this hay bale and landed on his head. I heard it," Hope star O'Toole told Entertainment Weekly. Henderson himself added: "That was not coordinated. That will be the last stunt I ever do myself. The Virgin River lead joked: “Tom Cruise sets the bar so high and then I come in and land on my head." On-screen flame Breckenridge even admitted that she feared her co-star was concussed while Lawrence added his colleague was looking “starry-eyed”. "Martin looked a little starry-eyed when we were going through that scene,” the Preacher star told the publication. “But he was a trooper and pushed through it,” he continued. DON'T MISS:Virgin River season 4: Who is the father of Charmaine's twin babies?What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4?Is Mel Monroe leaving the clinic in Virgin River? Henderson also noted how his own stunt mishap wasn’t the only worry he had while filming the scene. The Jack star added he and Lawrence had fears about striking one another with their props. In fact, Henderson quipped Lawrence was “freaking out” about causing further harm as the pair filmed their on-stage fight scene. Luckily, however, both actors made it out of the renaissance fair unscathed - although it’s safe to say Henderson may have felt a little worse for wear afterwards. While Henderson may have been nursing a headache after his fall, his character Jack is facing a much bigger struggle when Virgin River season five premieres. Jack was elated to discover he was in fact the father of Mel’s unborn baby but was shellshocked when Charmaine delivered the bombshell he wasn’t the dad to her twins. The season ended on Jack’s stunned look as Charmaine admitted she’d lied about her unborn children’s paternity - teeing up an intriguing fifth run. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.