Susanna Reid and Ed Balls hosted the ITV morning show as temperatures continued to soar on Tuesday morning. Businessman Marvyn Harrison advocated for employers to allow workers to work at home or make conditions in the workplace easier for them while adapting to the unprecedented heatwave. However, salon owner Helen fumed to members of the public they should "get over yourself" as she labelled the UK "a nation of snowflakes".   "I think if it's too hot we have to consider what adjustments we can make in or relative jobs," argued Marvyn. He continued: "Also, we get like seven days of heat in the UK for the whole year. "And we're going to like, push everybody into work on the hottest buses, on the hottest trains to navigate the city. "And it's just not going to be a really nice experience. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit "If you're a business leader, it's a great opportunity to look at it and say, 'How can I help my team in this amazing heatwave?' "And if you have a chance to work in a place where you can go to the park for lunch or you can work from home, you should let them!" Detailing the heat in a salon but admitting her workplace has air conditioning, Helen said those without air conditioning should "get over" themselves. "It's the UK, it's July, what do you expect?" she asked as Ed and Marvyn answered: "Rain."  She went on: "Have we turned into a nation of snowflakes?" "What about those offices and classrooms that don't have aircon?" Susanna pointed out. "Surely there's a point where it's reasonable to say, 'I can't work in these conditions anymore.'" Helen argued: "Look, we can't work from home and there are lots and lots of trades out there that cannot even have the choice to work from home. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman on why she doesn't commit as she dishes on love life [VIDEO]Ackley Bridge star opens up on Fizza Akhtar transformation [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder [LATEST] "In the train strike there was all that talk about work from home, well, lots of us can't! "If you're a chef, today's going to be unbearable, isn't it?" The Richard Ward Hair Salons co-founder continued: "But, get over yourself." A baffled Susanna and Ed laughed as the former argued: "Sorry, says the woman who works in an air-conditioned room..." She added: "As you say, says to the chef working in 30 [degrees] and in front of an oven, 'Get over yourself!'" It comes as the elderly, vulnerable and very young have been warned to take extreme care amid forecasts of extreme heat. Some weather models warn a weekend surge will push thermometers to 43C, which has never before been seen in the UK. Fierce sunshine will push ground temperatures to 46C – hot enough to soften roads and fry an egg on a car bonnet. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.