Type 2 diabetes is triggered by impaired insulin production. Your body either struggles to produce enough of the hormone, or the one that it does produce doesn’t work as it should. Deprived of this key mechanism, your blood glucose can reach dangerous heights. What’s worse, current predictions warn that 5.5 million people will develop diabetes by 2030 - a startling figure. While food could be the trigger for type 2 diabetes, it can also help manage the condition as long as you stick to the right choices. Two studies share that enjoying a sweet red fruit could help prevent the condition while also lowering your blood sugar levels. The crunchy yet juicy fruit offering these benefits is raspberries. The first study to look at this perfect candidate for a hot summer day was published in the journal Obesity. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may start to notice when waking up in the morning   Looking at 32 adults, the researchers gave the subjects either 125g of frozen red raspberries, 250g or none. The fruit was also accompanied by a high carbohydrate breakfast to observe the effects. After the meal, the researchers took blood samples of the participants at various times. The research showed that raspberries were able to reduce blood sugar just two hours after consumption. These findings suggest that raspberries could aid blood sugar control in those with prediabetes and insulin resistance. In case you’re not aware, insulin resistance occurs when your cells don’t respond well to insulin and can’t take up glucose from your blood easily, the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases explains. The second study, published in the journal Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism, saw similar benefits. The researchers set out to investigate the effects of daily raspberry intake on blood sugar levels. READ MORE: Micky Dolenz health: 'I’d have taken better care of myself' Star on his health woes age 77 They found that the sweet snack was able to lower blood sugar levels within hours. Dr Emma Derbyshire, Public Health Nutritionist and adviser to British Summer Fruits said: “These are very interesting trials both suggesting that raspberry consumption could be an important dietary component for those at risk of type 2 diabetes. “We know that berries are low in calories and provide polyphenols making them an ideal breakfast component or snack. “What we need now is more research along with information about how these findings could be used in practice, for example dietary strategies for those at risk of type 2 diabetes or advice on the best way to get five-a-day for those at risk of poor metabolic health.” As the signs can be hard to spot, knowing what to look for could be helpful. According to the NHS, the main symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you suffer from these symptoms or you're worried that you may be at risk of the condition. 