Currently, the UK is experiencing a summer wave driven by Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 subvariants. Fortunately, there are plenty of symptoms that could help you identify the infection. According to data, a hoarse voice could ring the alarm bells. It’s no secret that the “top” symptoms of Omicron aren’t just your usual cough, fever and loss or change to taste and smell. Based on the reports from patients and doctors, Omicron has been linked to various warning signs, ranging from night sweats to headaches. However, a lot of people also report sore throat and hoarse voice which were not so common during the Delta outbreak, Zoe Covid Study App reports. Changes in your voice like this will affect the sound of your speech. READ MORE: Cancer: The fruit shown to 'selectively' kill cancer - may be 'more effective' than chemo  Zoe details: “A hoarse voice can sound, and feel, different from person to person. “For example, your voice might become more croaky, raspy, or rough, quieter or even change in pitch.” Another tell for this Omicron sign is that you might feel like it’s harder to speak, prompting you to put more effort in. The research portal details that Covid can impact the tissue in your respiratory system that includes your voice box, also known as larynx.  This could be one theory as to why some people get a hoarse voice while suffering from the virus. What’s more, this sign is considered an “early” symptom of the infection. Hoarse voice tends to appear during the first week of illness and it builds gradually. The symptom tends to last two to three days but can last up to seven days in adults. READ MORE: Judi Dench: 'I’m not going to be beaten' Star on adapting to her 'ridiculous' condition See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest Other Omicron tell-tale signs that can accompany changes in your voice are fatigue, headache, sore throat and loss of sense of smell, according to Zoe. However, the research portal also notes that this sign isn’t considered to be a very “common” Covid sign. Fortunately, there’s a variety of coronavirus symptoms that could help identify the infection, including: Although there’s no legal need to self-isolate anymore, the NHS still recommends staying at home and avoiding contact with others. When it comes to the symptoms, the new subvariants seem to be causing similar symptoms to the original Omicron variant. Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 don’t seem to be any more fatal but they are very transmissible. The subvariants also appear to be able to re-infect people who’ve had Covid recently.