Rhea Seehorn is an original star of the Breaking Bad prequel Better Call Saul, as Kim Wexler. Her love story with Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) has been a storyline weaved throughout the AMC and Netflix drama, leading to the on-off couple's wedding in season five. Fans have continued to root for the husband and wife duo all the way with the final sixth season being no different. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul.Better Call Saul's no-nonsense lawyer Kim Wexler is portrayed by actress Rhea Seehorn. Prior to the prequel, she has been in American Dad!, Veep, Ridley Jones and The Harper House. During her time on Better Call Saul, Seehorn has been nominated for and won a plethora of awards thanks to the hit show, including the Critics' Choice Television Awards in 2015 for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. She also bagged an Emmy nomination for her role as Kim for season six of Better Call Saul. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change  While she has been going by Rhea Seehorn throughout her acting career, this is not actually the 50-year-old's real name. Her real full name is Deborah Rhea Seehorn with the star choosing to go by her middle name rather than her first. She is far from the only famous face to do this with stars such as Ashton Kutcher, Mindy Kaling, Brad Pitt and Reese Witherspoon doing the same. Seehorn explained her reasoning behind this a few years ago to Rolling Stone magazine. The Better Call Saul star commented: “The Deborahs and Debbies that I knew or saw on TV always seemed to be really attractive cheerleaders, and it was not my lane at all in school. “I just remember feeling a disassociation with the name, from a very early age.” The only person that still refers to her as Debbie is Seehorn's sister Donna. The Better Call Saul star joked that she does it to "bug the c**p out of me, but that's what sisters do". DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [REACTION]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 streaming: How to watch online [EXPLAINER]Rhea Seehorn husband: Is the Better Call Saul actress married? [CAST] Seehorn's mum was an executive assistant, mostly for the Navy, whereas her dad was a counterintelligence agent for the Naval Investigative Service. Due to his work, Seehorn and her family had to move around a lot, living in places like Arizona, Japan and Virginia. It is believed that the actress was given the middle name "Rhea" after the man that introduced her parents to one another. Given how her mum and dad both worked in the Navy in some capacity, it is most likely that "Ray" also worked for the service. Viewers will soon be saying good to Kim and the rest of the Better Call Saul cast as the drama comes to an end. Season six is the final series with just a handful of episodes left to air. Better Call Saul's last ever episode is due to be released on Monday, August 15. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and Tuesdays on Netflix in the UK.