Royal author Katie Nicholl said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are likely to spend the summer break at their Anmer Hall residence in Norfolk. Ms Nicholl said the holiday would provide a "sense of normality" ahead of a "significant amount of changes". William and Kate are understood to be relocating to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven, are reportedly moving schools while Prince Louis, four, is also set to start at nursery. Ms Nicholl told OK! magazine: “I expect that we’ll see them spending time at Norfolk because that’s what they do every year. “They’ve always enjoyed their ‘bucket and spade’ days on the beach together and are partial to a sailing trip. "Kate taught William and all of the little ones to sail, so I imagine they’ll be practising. "The children can run freely in the huge wide open spaces and they can enjoy picnics with the various friends the Cambridges have down there. “So, I think even though their brand new life in Windsor is about to begin, their summer on the coast will provide a sense of normality. “They will be experiencing a significant amount of changes in the coming weeks; as well as moving to Windsor, George, Charlotte and Louis are all set to enrol at brand new schools, which is understandably a daunting concept. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry set to travel to New York "But they’re a very adaptable family so I’m sure they’ll welcome any and all new opportunities. "I think Kate and Will will view these changes as the start of a brand new adventure and a very exciting time for the family.” Ms Nicholl's comments come as the Cambridges are understood to be moving to the four-bedroom home on the Windsor estate this summer. Kensington Palace will remain their London base, while they will also still travel to their country residence in Norfolk. DON'T MISSBeatrice goes on night out with one of Meghan Markle's close friendsHarry and William told to 'follow Princess Anne's example'Kate heartbreak as Duchess struck by death of beloved confidante George and Charlotte will reportedly leave Thomas's Battersea to enrol in a new school in Berkshire. A key factor in Kate and William's decision to move was to be closer to the Queen, who is mainly based at Windsor Castle. They will also be nearer to Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton who live in Bucklebury. Speaking earlier this month, a source told the Sun: “Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. “The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally. "They had no other demands than a pleasant family home close to schools and the Queen.” 