The US President arrived in Israel on Wednesday, kicking off a high-stakes trip to the Middle East dominated by efforts to persuade Gulf allies to pump more oil and bring Israel and Saudi Arabia closer together. Mr Biden will spend two days in Jerusalem for talks with Israeli leaders before meeting Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Friday in the occupied West Bank. But it was his posed pictures on the tarmac just off from Air Force One that have people talking. Mr Biden asked aides: "What am I doing now?" as he shuffled towards the group for a photo. Twitter user Amy Dansby questioned: "Shouldn't they have told him what to do before he got off the plane?" While Andrea Kell added: "The world is laughing at us." Hannah Miller wrote: "Shuffling gait, confused as to person, place and time. Needs assistance with activities." READ MORE: Extreme global heatwaves sees drought and fires as 'everything burning Mr Biden is set to take a direct flight from Israel to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia - a first for an American president - on Friday for talks with Saudi officials and to attend a summit of Gulf allies. US officials say the trip - Biden's first to the Middle East as president - could produce more steps toward normalization between Israel and Saudi Arabia, historic foes but also two of America's strongest allies in the turbulent region. "We're making steps gradually toward that end," said an Israeli official, adding that the fact Biden will fly directly from Israel to Saudi Arabia "encapsulates a lot of the dynamics that have been evolving over the last months." Biden's trip aims to promote regional stability, deepen Israel's integration in the region and counter Iranian influence and aggression by Russia and China. There will be no attempt to restart the long-stalled peace process between Israel and the Palestinians. However, US national security adviser Jake Sullivan said Biden would restate his commitment to the so-called two-state solution, with a future Palestinian state existing alongside Israel. He said Washington wanted to see a consulate for the Palestinians in Jerusalem, a reference to a mission shut down by the former US. administration of President Donald Trump. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state. DON'T MISS Biden blasted by American politician amid Djokovic US Open stand-off [VIDEO]Xi's grip weakens: China rocked by setback as US and Australia strike [INSIGHT]Biden set to strengthen alliance against Iran [ANALYSIS] "Obviously that requires engagement with the Israeli government. It requires engagement with the Palestinian leadership as well. And we will continue that engagement on this trip," Sullivan told reporters aboard Air Force 1. Wasel Abu Youssef, a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), said in response: "It's much ado about nothing." Mr Biden, under pressure at home to bring down soaring gasoline prices that have damaged his standing in public opinion polls, is expected to press Gulf allies to expand oil production to help bring those prices down. He said details about a price cap on oil from Russia were still being worked out with European partners but he warned that signs of a deepening relationship between Russia and Iran should be seen as a profound threat.