Isabel Hodgins is best known for playing the role of Victoria Sugden on Emmerdale, the current partner of David Metcalfe (played by Matthew Wolfenden) and mother to Harry Sugden. It has been almost two decades since the ITV soap star made her debut on the show and with the character still at the centre of lots of drama, it seems she won't be going anywhere anytime soon. However, despite the years rolling on, the actress still looks incredibly young and embodies her youthful glow on set. Unlike some of her co-stars, Isabel plays a character who is the same age as her, albeit with a few months between them. According to the world of Emmerdale, the soap star's alter-ego was born on 31 March 1994, making her 28 years old this spring. However, the actress herself is just slightly older as she was born on 23 November 1993, meaning she will turn another year older in the winter. The actress will be marking her 29th birthday before preparations will begin on how she will celebrate her 30th next year. Although she is active on social media platforms, there seems to be no indication of how the soap star marked her most recent birthday. READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan  Given her current age, this means when Isabel starred as Victoria for the first time 16 years ago, she was just 12 years old. Isabel was the third actress to play Victoria, with the soap star taking over the role from her predecessor Hannah Midgley. Isabel secured the role as the beloved character after producers sought a more mature actress to feature in the more hard-hitting storylines. This is a common theme when it comes to recasting on weeknight serial dramas and it was the first role she had managed to secure on television. She spent a year at the Sylvia Young Theatre School in London perfecting her acting skills before making her debut in 2006. The actress has won many awards during her time on the show, which have all come from the storylines she has been involved in, including a truck crash and falling into a frozen river where Victoria discovered a dead body. However, despite being on the show for almost two decades now, the soap star thought she would have to give up her career in acting whilst still at school. Isabel explained: "I struggled, I was so homesick so I was going to leave at the end of the year. "Then I got the ­audition for Emmerdale and every northern girl in my year went for it and I got it. It was perfect," she said in an interview with The Mirror. Touching on what she would have done if she didn't get into acting, Isabel said: "I would have liked to have been a psychologist for people suffering with mental health problems. Specifically eating disorders." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] On whether she goes out in disguise to avoid being recognised by members of the public, the actress added: "I used to have to wear glasses as me and obviously didn’t wear them in the show. "So that possibly made me harder to recognise and when I first had my hair cut short I wore a lot of hats, not so I wasn’t recognised but so it was revealed with the storyline." Emmerdale seems to have changed her life in more ways than one as Isabel has become really good friends with co-star Laura Norton, who plays Kerry Wyatt. Despite the age gap, the pair get on really well, as the soap star explained in an interview with OK! Magazine. She said: "I am great friends with the majority of that cast but myself and Laura Norton have been really close for the past 10 years." "We’ve lived together, holidayed together. She’s not just a friend, she is family," the actress continued. One of the actress' toughest storylines in recent years has been when Victoria was raped by Lee Posner (Kris Mochrie). The plot introduced the Posner family to the village and saw Victoria fall pregnant with her attacker's child. Speaking about the scenes, the soap star said: "I was quite daunted by that because I knew it was really important. They were big scenes, and the director said that each scene needed to have a journey. "I’ve never had to really sob, and I didn’t want to just scrunch my eyes up and cry - it needed to be from the soul." Isabel continued: "But that’s so exposing. Even though I’ve worked at Emmerdale for nearly 13 years and I’m friends with all the crew, I was a bit embarrassed. "Sitting there while everyone’s watching you sob your heart out. I just felt really vulnerable. "The director was good at tapping into where he needed me to get to. He said, ‘Victoria is dead; she doesn’t exist anymore. "'She is broken, she is a shell’ and that makes you sad because of the woman she has become. I’ve been playing her for a long time and I’ve grown up with her. "I’ve had to evolve from a girl to a teenager to a woman, and she’s been on that journey as well, and they were like ‘That’s all gone now, you’re starting from scratch'.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.