Elvis Presley loved many women including Linda Thompson, his major girlfriend between 1972-76. Despite the length of the relationship and the impact she had on his life, the former Miss Tennessee model didn’t make it into Baz Luhrmann’s new Elvis biopic, aside from a moment of archive footage. As she did before the movie came out, Linda continues to share memories and photos of her time with The King. Most recently the 72-year-old marked the 50th anniversary of her first meeting with Elvis on Instagram. She started the post: “It’s astonishing how quickly time/life moves forward! 50 years ago today July 6, 1972, I met, & fell in love at first sight with Elvis Presley. My life was changed irrevocably.” More recently the star’s former lover shared links to other accounts on her Instagram stories that she clearly appreciates, including one full of old rumours. One post she liked had Elvis and Linda in a couple shot with the caption: “I wonder if @ltlindathompson watched the Elvis On Tour documentary back in 1972 or maybe knows what Elvis thought about it? They met a few months after the legendary april tour and she stayed with Elvis until 1976!” More surprisingly, the Miss Tennessee model shared the cover of an old magazine speculating about the couple having secretly got married with a baby on the way. READ MORE: Elvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting Linda shared a mother and baby moving emoji and captioned this one: “Throwback Thursday.” The post, which she liked read: “Gotta love those old rag magazines. But it would have been nice if it was true.” The magazine Screen Stars featured a shot of Elvis and Linda on the cover with the headline: “Super Scoop! Elvis and Linda secretly wed! A baby’s on the way!” Neither of these things are believed to have happened, so presumably, the 72-year-old was just enjoying the memory of this type of story. DON'T KNOWElvis movie: Major girlfriends and life details ‘erased’ from biopic [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis girlfriend who found him dead erased from movie ‘Tell his story' [GINGER]Elvis ex Linda Thompson shares touching message with Lisa Marie [LISA MARIE] Elvis had one child in Lisa Marie Presley with his only wife, Priscilla, who he divorced in 1973. After Linda broke up with The King in 1976, his last girlfriend was Ginger Alden, to who he proposed in early 1977, but died before an alleged Christmas wedding could take place.