Fern Britton, the TV presenter-turned-author, has explained how her immediate days after leaving the iconic This Morning sofas were full of fear, as she embarked on the next stage of her professional life. The writer confided in the Postcards from Midlife podcast about her experiences following her much-discussed fallout from the ITV show. Fern, 64, left the ITV programme in 2009 after a rumoured row with co-host Phillip Schofield. As a guest on the popular weekly podcast Postcard from Midlife, hosted by Trish Halpin and Lorraine Candy, Fern opened up about her daunting start to life as an author. The TV veteran, who also hosted classic BBC show Can't Cook Won't Cook, described her career as having no set out plan. Although Fern explained this approach has supported her throughout a long career, she admitted to Lorraine and Trish at times it caused a lot of worry. The writer explained: "When I left This Morning I had nothing to go to. But then books started to come to me. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas  As a guest on the popular weekly podcast Postcard from Midlife, hosted by Trish Halpin and Lorraine Candy, Fern opened up about her daunting start to life as an author. The TV veteran, who also hosted classic BBC show Can't Cook Won't Cook, described her career as having no set out plan. Although Fern explained this approach has supported her throughout a long career, she admitted to Lorraine and Trish at times it caused a lot of worry. The writer explained: "When I left This Morning I had nothing to go to. But then books started to come to me.  "I was very frightened writing a novel. As a journalist I could write a few hundred words, a couple of thousand (maybe). "At the beginning that was quite terrifying", the best-selling author admitted. Fern praised her progress with a new mindset she now carries into the next stage of her career. "Now I am quite good at chucking out a thousand words, because I am really thinking about it now, I feel comfortable in it, not as nervous," she proudly declared.  The star, who first joined the BBC as a news presenter in 1981, moved into literature over a decade ago. New Beginnings, Fern's first novel, was released in 2011 and tells the story of the rise of a budding TV presenter. But, despite writing ten books in the following years after, the new direction has taken a while to be adopted by the former ITV star. "It's taken me 11 books to be able to say to people, quite comfortably, 'I am a writer'," Fern declared.  DON'T MISS:  Fern Britton warns Buckingham Palace ‘beware’ amid Sri Lanka protests (INTERVIEW) Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby (INSIGHT)This Morning fans in tears as 10-year-old meets stem cell donor (LATEST)  In an hour-long interview, titled Fern Britton: Living Her Best Second Act Post Divorce, the TV personality also discussed her liberating approach to work. "I've never wanted to follow a map, I am not even very good at sat nav, you know. "I have never thought 'right when I am 30 I will achieve that' or 'when I am 40 I am going to be doing that'." She explained: "I just enjoyed what I was doing, I am very lucky to be given stuff I liked and if I didn't like it I would just stop doing it." Fern has four children - twins Jack and Harry, 28, Grace, 25, and Winnie, 20. In an interview in June the novelist described how - following her divorce to TV chef Phil Vickery - if it was not for her children she may not be around. She bravely shared: “I might have just shrivelled up and disappeared. The children have kept me alive, for sure." The celebrity couple surprised the public when they divorced in 2020 after 20 years of marriage. 