Prince Harry's "awkward" body language with Meghan Markle at the United Nations this week raised eyebrows among viewers. Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer said that the couple "did seem a bit awkward with one another at times". Harry was at the UN in New York City to make the keynote speech on Nelson Mandela International Day. Meghan joined her husband Harry at Monday's UN event, looking typically stylish with her hair pulled back into a ponytail. Discussing the speech and the couple's presence, Royal Round-Up host Pandora Forsyth said: "He said it had been a painful year and a painful decade. "He is talking about the wider picture of course but also from a personal point. "Meghan was there by his side." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry warned they 'can't coast on their titles forever'  She added: "From an outsider's perspective, you can see why some people thought it was a bit of a photo opportunity." Mr Palmer responded: "They will always be prone to that. "There was some curious body language between them though. "They did seem a bit awkward with one another at times, he did not seem very happy.  "But, maybe he was just nervous." During his speech, Harry told delegates that the continent of Africa was where he realized Meghan was his "soulmate." However, he also used a speech, intended to celebrate Nelson Mandela Day, to wade into US politics. DON'T MISS: Royal lies: Yet again YOU pay for BBC's Princess cruel Diana scandal [COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues blistering rant [VIDEO]  The Duke of Sussex appeared to criticise the US Supreme Court's recent ruling to remove federal abortion protections. He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. We are living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe. "Climate change wreaking havoc on our planet with most vulnerable suffering most of all. The few weaponizing lies and disinformation at the expense of the many. "From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom—the cause of Mandela's life." READ NEXT: Royal lies: Yet again YOU pay for BBC's Princess cruel Diana scandalPrince Harry 'changed his phone number without telling Royal Family'Nick Ferrari demands an end to BBC's 'sanctimonious preaching' Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titlesRoyal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan 