Virgin River has returned to Netflix for a fourth outing and it provided much-needed answers on who shot Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson). An innocent Brady (Ben Hollingsworth) spent the first part of the season in jail and he was stabbed by one of the inmates. Fans are keen to find out if he survived the ordeal and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Fans will remember from season three how a gun had been planted in Brady's car, linking him to Jack's shooting investigation. Although he was innocent, he could not argue with the evidence and in season four, he was in prison. Jimmy (Ian Tracey) was one of the inmates at the prison and he was still making threats to Brady. In a surprising twist of events, Brady was stabbed by Jimmy's cousin and he was rushed to hospital. READ MORE: Virgin River theory: Charmaine's twins' real father exposed after clue Although he spent a lot of time in intensive care, unable to wake, he did survive the attack. Brie (Zibby Allen) went to visit him in hospital to try and get answers about what happened. She was also keen to prove his innocence and capture the real perpetrator. Outside the hospital, Calvin (David Cubitt) made a threat to Brie, demanding that Brady continued to work for him. While Brady was in hospital, an anonymous person signed off his bail. This means he was able to recover at home and seemed to heal well. Brie discovered it was someone called Melissa Montgomery (Barbara Pollard) who granted Brady's bail. Melissa then went to visit Brady at Emerald Lumber and she introduced herself as the chief of operations above Calvin. She tried to persuade Brady to continue trafficking drugs through the business, but he refused. Towards the end of the season, Mike (Marco Grazzini) let Brady walk free after he realised it was Vince who shot Jack. DON'T MISS... Is Calvin really dead in Virgin River? [INSIGHT] What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4? [EXPLAINER] Virgin River season 4: Who is the father of Charmaine's twin babies? [DISCUSSION] He found out the gun really had been planted in Brady's car and the charges were dropped. Brie and Brady were able to work on their relationship, and Brie opened up about being raped by her ex-boyfriend. Not knowing what to do to help, Brady went to Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) for advice. He said he was full of rage but knew it would not be a good idea to go after Don (James Kot). However, when Don turned up to ask Brie to sign a non-disclosure agreement, it raised questions. There is a chance Brady could go after Don if he found out he had been in town. Brady is not one to be able to control his temper and he could easily lash out if he came face to face with Don. As a result, Brady could land himself right back in prison if he tried to hurt Don. Or, even worse, he could end up getting himself killed in the process.  Virgin River season 4 is on Netflix now.