Nick Kyrgios made a playful swipe at umpires after suffering a 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3) defeat to Novak Djokovic in the Wimbledon final. It was the Aussie's first Grand Slam final, and he started strong before the Serb showed why he had won this title six times before as the 27-year-old dubbed his opponent a "god". Kyrgios reached his maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon where he came up against the toughest opponent in top seed and defending champion Djokovic. It was a valiant effort from the world No 40 as he took the opening set before losing in four, and he was in good spirits following the defeat as he branded his opponent a "god" before joking about his frosty relationship with chair umpires. "Yeah he’s a bit of a god I’m not gonna lie, I thought I played well," he laughed, speaking to Sue Barker about Djokovic. "First of all, I wanna congratulate Novak. He's won this championship I don't even know how many times anymore." And he extended his thanks to thsoe working at the tournament as he continued: "Ball kids, umpires - I know you and I have a very tough relationship, thank you for putting up with it." JUST IN: Kyrgios 'let himself down' with Wimbledon antics against Djokovic  The 27-year-old has famously found himself embroiled in spats with chair umpires, even mumbling to Renaud Lichtenstein about a "drunk" spectator and some line calls during the final. After making a jibe at his turbulent relationship with the officials, he extended his thanks to the crowd, adding: "And then to the crowd, it has been an amazing couple of weeks for me personally." But Kyrgios wasn't quick to tip himself to reach another final anytime soon, admitting he was "exhausted" after reaching the championship match for the first time. DON'T MISSBBC apologise after Nick Kyrgios caught swearing in Wimbledon finalKate dropped into controversy – picture mocks Wimbledon's Russia banNadal called out by UFC star just days after Wimbledon withdrawal  "Absolutely not," he laughed when Sue Barker asked if he was hungry for more after coming so close to a maiden Grand Slam title. "I'm so tired honestly. Myself, my team, we're all exhausted. We've played so much tennis. "I'm really happy with this result and maybe one day I'll be here again but I don't know about that." 