Naga Munchetty disrupted sports journalist Chetan Pathak's report on Thursday's instalment of BBC Breakfast to tell viewers their co-star Hannah Miller had "walked out of the studio". The veteran broadcaster was left giggling when Chetan joked how "bored" Hannah must have been with his football update. Chetan was going into great detail about the use of industrial-sized fans being used on football pitches during the nation's heatwave. However, Naga interjected: "Can I just say that was so interesting that Hannah has actually walked out of the studio." Chetan quipped: "She's gone out in protest, she's that bored, she is out." Naga, who was in fits of laughter at that point, added: "When it got to mould on the pitch Hannah was like, 'I'm done, I'm done with this.'" READ MORE: Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter Hannah's exit came after Chetan started discussing the use of fans following her segment about fridges breaking down in high temperatures. Naga asked him: "Do you have any expertise in fridge engineering?" He joked it was his specialist area and started going off on a tangent about his trip to Brighton on Wednesday. He began: "One thing I would say is that when I was at Brighton yesterday, they had four industrial-sized fans around the football pitch ahead of the England match against Spain.  "If you were wondering why that was it is because apparently mould and bacteria can grow on a pitch, especially during a heatwave. "So there were four fans overnight trying to get that heat out of the stadium." Naga then cut him off to inform BBC viewers Hannah had walked away from the conversation. Prior to Chetan's remarks, Hannah explained how the heatwave led to some supermarkets throwing away thousands of pounds worth of food after problems with fridges and freezers. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty admits Carol Kirkwood 'gets loads of flak' over errors [VIDEO]BBC forced to apologise to William and Harry's former royal nanny [REACTION]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INTERVIEW] She said there are calls for a review of the rules over food waste. Hannah revealed Sainsbury's, Tesco and Aldi all had problems with their refrigerators because of the scorching temperatures across the UK on Monday and Tuesday. "A lot of [the food] ended up going to waste," Hannah explained. "The law says shops can't redistribute food once a freezer or chiller had failed which supermarkets say is important to protect customer health.  "One estimate suggests 250,000 tonnes of food is thrown away each year by supermarkets. "At a time when six million adults in the UK are facing food poverty, campaigners want more to be done." Campaigners now want it to be a legal requirement for supermarkets to report the amount of food they are wasting. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One between 6am and 9.15am. 