If someone has a faulty boiler, how much they pay towards their energy bills could be hiked as a result. Earlier this year, market regulator Ofgem confirmed the energy price cap would hit £2,800 in October, putting further pressure on households. However, new analysis by Cornwall Insights suggests that households will see their bills reach even higher. The firm predicts the energy price cap will hit £3,200 this winter, up a staggering 64 percent from last year. It is forecast that the price cap will go up by an additional four percent, reaching just over £3,350 in January 2023. In light of this alarming development, energy bill experts are urging consumers to check their boiler for any potential issues which could cause their costs to skyrocket further. Specifically, households are being encouraged to get their boilers regularly serviced in a bid to mitigate rising bills. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  A Boiler Central spokesperson said: “Regular boiler service can prevent issues that are not only expensive but potentially hazardous to a household. “UK law is clear about who is responsible for maintaining and servicing boilers in rental properties. “The law stipulates that landlords or letting agencies must maintain boilers (and other gas appliances) in rented properties, do a yearly gas safety check on all gas appliances, and give a copy of the most up-to-date certificate to new and existing tenants.” Among the signs that a household needs to have their boiler serviced is that their energy bills will be notably higher.  Furthermore, there is usually no hot water, the water is not sufficiently heated, or heating the water takes longer than usual. On top of this, if the boiler is leaking or making any unusual noises it will likely have to be checked out. Boiler Central also encourages its customers to look out for foul smells coming from the boiler as this could be a gas leak. As part of its advice to customers, Boiler Central shared guidance on what people can do to reduce their energy consumption in the coming months. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  The company stated: “Turn on the heating - Our experts advise actually turning on the heating a few times during the warmer months to ensure that the appliance is working as it should, and to avoid being faced with problems when autumn approaches. “Make sure vents aren’t blocked - Ventilation is another essential part of keeping your boiler working safely, as it needs adequate airflow. “Make sure that the vents are not covered or blocked by household items, even if the boiler is installed in a cupboard. “Bleed the radiators – The experts at Boiler Central also suggest bleeding your boiler’s radiators once a year to keep them running as they should. “While this isn’t necessarily a difficult process, not everyone knows how to do this. If you’re confused, it is best to invite a boiler specialist to help you out.” It should be noted that the Government has recently launched a new scheme to move people away from traditional boilers to alternative energy sources, such as heat pumps. Through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, Britons can get £5,000 off the cost and installation of an air source heat pump, £5,000 off the cost and installation of a biomass boiler, or £6,000 off the cost and installation of a ground source heat pump. This is being done to transition households into more environmentally friendly energy providing sources.