America’s Got Talent judges Simon Cowell and Heidi Klum came to blows over cruel comments made about an unusual singing act. Freckled Zelda wowed audiences during the final round of auditions, however, Simon wasn’t so sure. Walking onto the stage dressed head-to-toe in a fairy costume, Simon Cowell wrote Freckled Zelda off before she opened her mouth. Entering the final week of auditions for the popular talent show, the America’s Got Talent judge was called out by a fellow panellist for making cruel comments. Beginning her act by announcing the presence of her “potato” flute, Simon turned up his nose at the contestant’s first line. When asked about her act, she informed the judges she was a “music fairy”, only to be met with scepticism from the veteran talent scout. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star Delivering a rendition of Colours of the Wind, Zelda blew audiences away and forced Simon to eat his words. Following standing ovations and deafening applause, the “fairy” burst into tears as she awaited the judges feedback. Ever the voice of honesty, Simon wasn’t shy about making his initial feelings of judgement known. He told the contestant: “I tell you what, when you walked out, I thought this really is going to be terrible – I did.” The audience responded to Simon’s words with a chorus of boos and disapproval, which he batted away by admitting he was wrong. Continuing on, the judge admitted: “But actually you’ve got a really good voice. “I don’t like the instrument, don’t think it’s necessary. Carry on looking like that if you want, because you’re interesting.” Heidi Klum was next up to give her verdict and completely dismissed her fellow judge’s preconceived ideas. DON'T MISS...America's Got Talent: Dolly Parton tribute wins group golden buzzer [INSIGHT] America’s Got Talent: Fans left stunned by ‘incredible’ aerialist [INSIGHT]America's Got Talent: Simon Cowell suffers near miss during stunt [INSIGHT] She shared: “You nailed that – I loved it.” “I thought the potato flute was really cool and you are unique and different. “America’s Got Talent is a variety show, and we don’t all have to be the same.” The pair exchanged knowing glances but didn’t acknowledge the obvious clash of opinions flying across the judge’s table during the episode. Hitting back at Simon, fans shared their feelings and explained the theory behind the seemingly bizarre costume choice. Tweeting out a message of disagreement, user Shannon Werle made clear: “I’ve been playing the Legend of Zelda games for over 20 years and this is my favourite act this year! Please don’t get rid of the Ocarina, it is absolutely necessary! @simoncowell” @jam912jam also posted in support of the act despite Simon’s reservations: “The entire act was MINDBLOWING.” America’s Got Talent is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.