Government ministers have been urged to take action after 8.6 million parking tickets were issued by private companies to motorists between April 2021 and March 2022. This amounts to an average of 23,000 tickets being issued every day. The latest figures have been supplied by PA news agency, which analysed the latest Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) data. The analysis found the number of tickets dished out has increased by more than 50 percent compared with four years earlier. The news comes after Boris Johnson decided to withdraw a long-awaited code of practice aimed at eradicating some of the sector’s worst actions following a legal challenge by parking companies. And now, the RAC has urged ministers to take more action. READ MORE: Drivers appalled by UK law changes coming this month Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said the “eye-watering” number of tickets received by British drivers showed the need for Government officials to “stick to their guns”. PA’s analysis specifically looked at the number of times private parking companies obtained records from the DVLA to chase car owners for alleged infringements in car parks. The car parks were mostly located in places such as shopping centres, leisure facilities and motorway service areas. Failing to adhere to the rules of a private car park can cost drivers up to £100. DON'T MISS Drivers forced to steal from petrol stations as fuel thefts hit record [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to park on driveways during busy periods [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of ‘very dangerous’ fuel-saving trick [WARNING] Private parking firms have previously been accused of using misleading and confusing signage, aggressive debt collection and unreasonable fees. The code of practice, which was due to come into force before 2024, stated that the cap on tickets for some parking offences should be halved to £50. The withdrawal pending a review of charges could lead to a further delay in its implementation. A spokesman for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities said: “We’re determined to end rip-off parking practices, and it’s very disappointing that some in the parking industry are resisting this. READ MORE: British motorists believe switch to EVs is unworkable “We will continue to work with industry and consumer groups to introduce our new Parking Code of Practice as quickly as possible.” Nearly 180 parking management businesses requested car owner records in the year to the end of March, meaning a further 26 private businesses have joined the hunt for errant drivers. ParkingEye was the biggest buyer in 2021/22, with 1.8 million records. Mr Gooding said more companies were entering the market to “demand more penalty payments from motorists” at the same time the sector was “pressing government to water-down its long-awaited reforms”. He added: “A cynic might suspect the industry continues to expand, confident it can water down the final changes so much that there is little impact on its activities. “We would hope that these eye-watering numbers will stiffen ministers’ resolve to stick to their guns and get their much-needed code of practice and caps on charges in place pronto.” The DVLA charges private companies £2.50 per record. The agency says it does not make any money from the process. Number of car owner details obtained from the DVLA by parking management companies since 2017/18: