An incredible Ukrainian fightback which forced a Russian retreat was captured on camera this week. Footage from the Ukrainian Armed Forces showed the moment two Russian BMP infantry fighting vehicles "were precisely hit by Ukrainian artillery fire" in Verkhnokamianka, Luhansk. At least one of the tanks was obliterated, according to the Ukrainian soldiers who launched the ambush. Serhiy Haidai, the governor of the Luhansk oblast, confirmed the fightback this morning as he said that two besieged villages, including Verkhnokamianka, remained under Ukrainian control. He revealed that Russian troops "tried to move towards Verkhnokamianka but they were rebuffed". Mr Haidai added: "Russians suffered losses and retreated." A report from the General Staff of the Ukrainian army stated: "On July 16, the Russians tried to advance towards the Verkhnokamianka, but have been resisted, retreated, and lost personnel." JUST IN: Biden tries to 'shake hands with thin air' as gaffes dominate trip  Another attempt to attack the Ukrainian Armed Forces was organized near Bilohorivka but this was also repulsed. The Luhansk governor added that Russian troops had been capturing cities in the region only to be pushed back by the Ukrainian forces a day later. This has prevented the Russians from reaching their goal of taking the whole region and frustrated President Putin's war plan. This comes as the British chief of the defence staff, Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, claimed that Russia has lost more than 30 percent of its land combat effectiveness.  Speaking to BBC One’s Sunday Morning show, the defence chief said that Ukraine’s army “absolutely” believes it will win the war. He explained: “They are absolutely clear that they plan to restore the whole of their territory in terms of Ukraine. "They see a Russia that is struggling, a Russia that we assess has lost more than 30 percent of its land combat effectiveness." DON'T MISS: Vladimir Putin 'faces Kremlin deadline' to announce 'victory' [INTERVIEW]William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Putin raiding ‘hell hole’ prisons for more troops [LIVE BLOG]  Sir Tony added: “What that actually means is 50,000 Russian soldiers that have either died or been injured in this conflict. "Nearly 1,700 Russian tanks destroyed, nearly 4,000 armoured fighting vehicles that belong to Russia destroyed. “Russia started this invasion with the ambition to take the whole of Ukraine, Russia had the ambition to take the cities in the first 30 days. "Russia had the ambition to create fractures and to apply pressure to Nato. "This is Russia as a challenge to the world order, Russia is failing in all of those ambitions, Russia is a more diminished nation than it was at the beginning of February." READ NEXT: Eurozone recession warning: 'Germany hit hard'Putin to 'dip EU into recession' with complete Russian gas cut offRussia preparing ‘next stage of offensive’Ukrainian teenager, 17, abandons battle for UK visa due to red tapePutin disaster as Russians in cities ‘avoiding military call-up’ 