Carlos Alcaraz has set his sights on the world No 1 ranking for the second time in a week after making his top five debut. The 19-year-old is the youngest player since Rafael Nadal to reach the milestone but is now hoping he can fend off his fellow Spaniard and Novak Djokovic to climb to the top spot, which has only been occupied by Daniil Medvedev and the Big Four in the last 18 years. Alcaraz broke into the top five when the rankings updated on Monday, following his run to the title in Hamburg. It’s the latest achievement in the teenager’s breakout year, as he cracked the top 10 in April and has already won four titles - including two Masters 1000s - this season. But the ranking milestone doesn’t appear to be enough for the Spaniard, who has staked his claim on the world No 1 position for the second time this week. “I consider that I have completed one stage and now another begins,” he said of his top five debut, speaking at the Croatia Open in Umag. “In it, I see that I have four players ahead of me that I have to surpass in order to fulfil my great objective, what it means to be No 1 in the world, and I'm going to work hard to achieve it.” Just Medvedev, Alexander Zverev, Nadal and Stefanos Tsitsipas are ranked higher than the five-time title winner, with Djokovic suffering from the ATP’s Wimbledon points strip and dropping down to world No 7 - his lowest place in four years. JUST IN: Nadal criticised for 'digusting' traits despite being likeable player  The Serb has been unlucky with ranking points this year, losing all 4,000 he won for lifting the Australian Open and Wimbledon crowns in 2021 as he was deported from Australia in January and unable to compete, and lost all his Wimbledon points despite winning the title earlier this month. But as one of the most dominant forces on the tour, Alcaraz will still be hoping to keep the world No 7 at bay and stop him from climbing back to the top. It’s the second time since becoming the new world No 5 that the Spaniard has set his sights on the top spot instead. He reached the top five when he made the Hamburg final last week, despite losing to Lorenzo Musetti in Sunday’s championship match, and addressed the crowd as he discussed his new spot in the rankings. “It means a lot, as I work hard every day. Top 5 is pretty amazing and I will keep going to reach my dream, becoming world No 1,” Alcaraz said. “It is an amazing city with amazing people, I enjoyed every single second here. See you soon!” DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios drops hint over tactics of on-court antics and tweenersRaducanu defends decision to publicly support Kyrgios at WimbledonRussian tennis ban escalates but Wimbledon punishment not handed out  And the 19-year-old has already learned how to improve and get closer to his world No 1 goal, as he reflected on his performances at the Grand Slams so far this year - reaching the third round in Australia, quarters at the French Open and fourth round at Wimbledon.  He explained: "When facing the challenge that a Grand Slam supposes, a fundamental is the mental aspect because to face matches of four or five hours, you have to be very prepared. I think I was not at my best in that specific aspect and I did not know how to handle the pressure and the nerves in the best possible way.” 