Those listening to the Labour leader's pitch for economic growth appeared less than impressed as they sat in silence during his address. The Holborn and St Pancras MP's bland speech spoke of the priorities for the next Labour government, as he vowed to put "growth, growth, growth" at the heart of his agenda. He failed to outline many detailed policies and instead used the speech to set out a vague vision for the future. Breaks in his announcement were met with moments of quiet before unenthusiastic clapping among those gathered in the room started. In the speech in Liverpool he said: "Our economy is weaker than our competitors, less resilient, brittle and ultimately we are all poorer for it. "That's why I'm clear: Labour will fight the next election on economic growth.  "There is no task more central to my ambitions for Britain than making the country and its people better off." He added: "Rebooting our economy is the way we will define our task in government. "And it will ask searching questions of my party and our instincts. "We can't be like the Tories - clinging to the old ideas, trapped in our history. "To give Britain the fresh start it needs we need a new approach. "My goal is straightforward: to maximise the contribution we all make to national prosperity. Every business, every person, every community." DON'T MISS:No-deal Sir Keir Starmer will rue the day, says JONATHAN SAXTY [OPINION]Angela Rayner lays out Downing Street ambitions - 'I could be PM now!' [VIDEO]Liz Truss MUST inspire the nation and keep Starmer out of No10 [COMMENT] Sir Keir is hoping to capitalise on the Tory party leadership election to promote Labour as an alternative for Government. He has sought to present an image of a united party with a plan for Britain in comparison to the Tories' party infighting. Attacking both Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss this morning, he said both candidates to replace Boris Johnson were "part of the problem" and their answers "too small". He added: "We've had 12 years now of stagnation, they have voted for every one of those 15 tax rises and now they're trying to distance themselves as quickly as possible from it. "Their answers, if you like, are too small for our country, for the challenge that we face." However, an exclusive poll from Express.co.uk released on Saturday suggested the Labour leader is so far failing to increase his poll lead over the Government. It found the opposition retained a nine-point lead over the Tories. The survey by TechneUK found that if there was an election tomorrow, 41 percent of the public would back Labour, up one percent in a week. It found 32 percent would vote for the Tories, also up a point in a week. TechneUK surveyed 1,629 people across the UK online on July 20 and July 21 for this website. 