Gini Wijnaldum’s impending £8million move to Roma proves that Jurgen Klopp was right to avoid offering the Dutchman an expensive new contract at Liverpool. The 31-year-old left Anfield last summer to join PSG however he failed to impress and now looks set to join Jose Mourinho in the Italian capital. Wijnaldum is widely regarded as a Liverpool icon for his exploits during his five-year stint at Anfield. The midfielder made 237 appearances and was a key part of the team that helped end the club’s 30-year-long Premier League hoodoo in 2020. However, it was his contribution to the 2019 Champions League win that earned his status as a legend in the eyes of the Kop. The Dutchman scored twice in two minutes during the sensational 4-0 semi-final win over Barcelona, levelling the aggregate score at 3-3 to complete the dramatic turnaround from the first leg at the Nou Camp. There was consternation in the Liverpool fanbase when it became apparent that Klopp would not look to fight to keep the 86-time capped international at the club. He had regularly been captaining the side in 2021 given the injuries to Jordan Henderson and Virgil Van Dijk and it looked a tough ask for the club to bring in a replacement under a tight transfer budget. JUST IN: Newcastle 'contact' PSG star after submitting official request Klopp did offer WIjnaldum a new contract but it fell far short of what the club’s other top earners were making hence making the Dutch star feel undervalued. He decided to decline the offer, moving onto PSG where he would make over £300,000 per week. However, the midfielder’s form in the French capital has proved that the German was right to avoid paying the huge fees the player was demanding. He failed to make an impression in Ligue 1 and quickly found himself out of favour with former Everton midfielder Idrissa Gana Gueye often preferred. He is now set to leave the club this summer with reports in Italy suggesting Roma are set to fork out around £8m to sign the former Newcastle man. The fate could have been one that befell Liverpool had they offered him a bumper new deal. Klopp’s refusal to bow to the Netherlands vice-captain’s demands also meant he was able to get the best out of Thiago Alcantara. The Spanish maestro grew into one of the most creative forces in the Reds side last season with much of their most impressive midfield play coming through him. While Wijnaldum was a hard worker, he did not possess the ability to rival the little magician’s technical skill. Liverpool fans we're understandably upset to see Wijnaldum leave in 2021 however given his abject form since leaving shows that the Anfield board we're right to put the trust in their manager and allow the midfielder to depart.