Michael Weatherly made the shock announcement earlier this year he would be leaving CBS' legal drama Bull after six years. The former NCIS star said it was because he wanted to “pursue new creative challenges” but hasn't yet announced what he has in the pipeline. For now at least, Weatherly is most likely spending more time with his family while he's schedule is a little less busy. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. Since 2009, Weatherly has been married to Bojana Janković,  a physician who specialises in internal and integrative medicine. They first met at a bar in Vancouver and have been loved up ever since, welcoming two children a few years later. Weatherly is the father of daughter Olivia, aged 10, and nine-year-old son Liam. It is believed the family of four live somewhere in New York with their collie Monty. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale Speaking to People in 2017, Weatherly said he has become a "better person" in recent years, now dedicating his life to his family. He said: "I don't bring my work home. "I'm a single-track-mind person, so at work I do my work, but at home I'm devoted to my kids. "I have a wonderful wife and am well on my way to a very happy retirement." But the 54-year-old does have another child from a previous marriage. Weatherly used to be married to actress Amelia Heinle who he met on the set of the 1990s soap opera Loving. They went on to act alongside each other in the drama's spin-off The City, reprising their roles of Cooper Alden and Steffi Brewster. Weatherly and Heinle got married in February 1995 and in January the following year, they welcomed their son August Manning Weatherly. The actors divorced in 1997 and Weatherly's eldest child is now 26 years old. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen admits Clive would be ‘shocked’ by Ravenseat changes [EXPLAINER]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey taunts co-star in set blunder [CAST]NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J sparks frenzy with new project [REACTION] August is very private, with no obvious Twitter or Instagram accounts. He is very rarely seen on either of his parents' social media pages but Heinle did post a picture of her eldest in 2020. She wrote: "I miss you August! Come home soon!! #son #gethome #mybaby." Heinle gave no further explanation in regards to where August was, however, it could indicate that he has to travel for work. Fans couldn't help but point out how similar her son looks to the former NCIS star. One follower wrote: "He's gorgeous like his dad Michael Weatherly." Another agreed: "He is the spitting image of his father Michael Weatherly, very handsome!" While a third added: "What a great combo of you and Michael!" NCIS season 20 premieres on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.