Boris Johnson is now facing a no confidence vote as Labour sources said the party will table a motion in his outgoing government later today. Sir Keir Starmer's party is seeking to hold the vote on Wednesday.  This vote is different to the type of no confidence vote Mr Johnson faced from his own party last month. Tabled by Labour, if it happens it will mean the entire House of Commons will vote on whether to keep the outgoing Prime Minister in office. It needs a simple majority to pass, and would see Mr Johnson out Number 10 before the provisional date of September 5 for a new leader to take over. READ MORE: Boris faces imminent confidence vote as Government collapse TOMORROW It also has the power to trigger a general election, something Labour have been calling for since Mr Johnson announced his resignation. Any MP can propose a no confidence vote in the Government, but one put forward by a backbencher is unlikely to receive support. However, as this one will be tabled by opposition leader Sir Keir Starmer, it carries significantly more weight. Convention means the Government must provide time for a debate. If the government loses a confidence vote, the exisiting Prime Minister would resign only if there was clear support another leader could command the support of the Commons. As there is no alternative Government that could form a majority in the House of Commons currently, this means a general election could be triggered. However, the chances of Labour's bid succeeding are extremely slim. DON'T MISSJacob Rees-Mogg dissuaded from joining the Tory leadership contest [INSIGHT]Tory leadership LIVE: Brexiteers told back ‘bigger beast’ in tax fight [REPORT]Priti Patel meets Brexiteers as she mulls Tory leadership bid [INSIGHT] Conservative MPs expected to vote to prop up the Government, despite the loss of faith in Mr Johnson that led to his resignation last week. This is to allow the the Tory leadership contest to take place, which has now been timetabled by the 1922 Committee. Sir Keir previously threatened to bring the vote to prevent "this nonsense" about Mr Johnson "clinging on for a few months". He said last week: "He's inflicted lies, fraud and chaos in the country.   "If they don't get rid of him then Labour will step up, in the national interest, and bring a vote of no confidence, because we can't go on with this prime minister clinging on for months and months to come." However, since then the Conservative Party has said a new Prime Minister will be in place from September 5 - making it even more unlikely the vote will pass. The last successful confidence vote in Parliament forced Labour's James Callaghan from office in the 1979 Winter of Discontent.