The Duchess of Cornwall celebrated the 160th anniversary of Battersea Dogs and Cats Home by inviting volunteers, supporters, and celebrity ambassadors Paul O'Grady, Amanda Holden and Dame Jacqueline Wilson to her London residence. The event was staged in the garden with guests taking shelter from the beating sun under trees as they waited to meet Camilla. But Dame Jacqueline fainted and was cared for by St John Ambulance volunteers. The children's author soon recovered and sipped water on a bench under a tree and said she felt fine. After being welcomed by a doggy guard of honour, the future Queen Consort mingled with her guests as she celebrated the charity she supports as royal patron, founded by Mary Tealby in 1860 as The Temporary Home for Lost and Starving Dogs. In an impromptu speech, Camilla urged the nation to visit Battersea and "find a friend for life". The Duchess, who has two rescue dogs, said: "You have all seen how easy it is to go there and come out with an animal, I've done it twice. "There are, due to Covid, a lot of dogs and cats now at Battersea looking for homes. "So if I could appeal to everybody listening and all your friends, if they want a dog or a cat to go along to Battersea and find a friend for life." The charity has seen an influx of abandoned pets following the Covid pandemic as their owners returned to work and amid the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Camilla on lesson learned from Prince Philip ahead of future role Camilla got to know Flora, an adorable eight-week-old Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, during the reception. She touched noses with the puppy brought into Battersea last week as a stray with two siblings. The Duchess said: “I can’t imagine she’ll be stuck for a home for very long." Prince Charles's wife already has two rescue animals from Battersea, Jack Russell Terriers Beth and Bluebell. Camilla wore a blue and white floral dress teamed with shades for the event today. Paul Marvell, the charity's director of global programmes, looked ahead to future challenges: "We think the cost of living crisis is having an impact on the numbers of animals that people want to bring into rescue centres such as Battersea. "So we are seeing an increase in numbers now and I don't think it will be long before our centres are as close to capacity as they could be." Actress and presenter Amanda said: “Because of lockdown and those two years, understandably there were a lot of people who felt very lonely and found they needed company and could offer a home to a dog. "But sadly lots of people didn’t think it through so Battersea and a lot of other rehoming centres have had a lot of work on their hands. "The aftermath of Covid is that there a lot of cats and dogs and pets in general, actually, needing homes once people go back to their real lives." Comedian Paul added: "Battersea has got a heart, I always say it's like a Cinderella story. Dogs are brought in, in the most appalling condition and gradually the staff work so hard to gain their confidence and their trust, the vets work hard to get them well again and they go off to a nice home."