But let's be clear about why taxes are taking centre stage. Put simply, it's because the country's finances need reviving. The Government has to raise money and the question is how to do this.  Recently departed chancellor Rishi Sunak - who is, of course, hoping to become PM - hiked taxes in a bid to balance the books. But now, contenders to the crown are lining up to promise tax cuts. Yesterday, both Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt pledged to cut corporation tax, albeit on different timescales, and others are likely to take a similar position. The coming weeks will not be easy for the Tories, but we urge all the candidates to conduct themselves with dignity and avoid mud-slinging, which will only play into the hands of the Labour Party, whose tax and spend policies are, frankly, risible.  We've always been quick to praise the French for their buttery cuisine and have long had a love affair with Italian cooking - but in the last decade or so, the standard of British food has improved immeasurably. Now, a group of MPs wants more of our traditional classics to be given special geographical status. So the search is on for the "hidden treasures of the British food landscape". It means that the likes of Derbyshire's Bakewell tarts and Gloucestershire's Stinking Bishop cheese could join, among others, Cornish pasties, Wensleydale cheese and Arbroath smokies on the coveted protected list. Currently, there are 81 products on that list and the hope is that there will be 200 in place by 2030. We applaud this initiative because, after all, we are what we eat.  Tennis served up a classic yesterday in the Wimbledon men's final - but it was the tournament itself that also proved to be a winner. Crowds were back, a British player made it to the semi-finals and the weather behaved itself. There is no other tennis event in the world that matches Wimbledon and even if you're not in the stands there's a way to feel you are there - and that's largely down to the BBC's Sue Barker, lead presenter of the tournament for 30 years. Sue, a semi-finalist herself, is retiring and will be sadly missed. She's going out at the top of her game and we wish her the very best for whatever she decides to do next.