Her Majesty made the witty joke during a historic ceremony showing her legendary sense of humour is intact despite suffering from ongoing mobility issues. The monarch attended the Reddendo parade at her official residence in Scotland as part of Holyrood week.  Prince Charles, known as the Duke of Rothesay in Scotland, accompanied her. The military ceremony usually sees the Queen’s Body Guard for Scotland Archers give the monarch two arrows, as an act of service and loyalty to the sovereign. However this year there was a more extravagant gift. The Queen beamed with delight as the Duke of Buccleuch gave her a beautiful glass sculpture.  The Duke, who is one of Scotland's largest landowners, explained to the monarch that the special gift was in honour of her Platinum Jubilee. The Queen said to its designer, Colin Reid: “Very interesting large piece of glass.” The Duke then went on to explain how it was created, to which Her Majesty responded: “How wonderful, how lovely.” It was at this point that the nonagenarian monarch made a sharp quip to the Duke demonstrating her sense of humour was intact. READ MORE: Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out'  She commented: “Much better than arrows on a cushion”, which drew appreciative laughter. Her Majesty's sense of humour and positive demeanour left royal fans purring on social media. One person wrote: “She still has a wonderful sense of humour and is sharp as a tack! Bless her.” Another fan remarked: “God bless her heart. The Queen was in a wonderful mood. She looked beautiful as well.” DON'T MISS:  Queen was blindsided after Meghan and Harry Lilibet call - key detail  [REVEAL] Queen 'wrong' to decide nothing comes out of Meghan's bullying claim [INSIGHT] Prince Andrew has aides 'tearing hair up' with hopes for public return   [SPOTLIGHT ]  Royal fans on Instagram were left squealing with delight at the monarch's appearance. User william_catherine82 wrote “So glad The Queen was able to attend this event with her son! She looked very well.” Another user ricardoalexdearau added: “Have a beautiful day great Lady , and blessed day for you all.” 