Each saver is put into a prize draw each month with a chance to win a tax-free prize. For the lucky winners, there are three ways that prizes can be paid. Money can be paid straight into a bank account, or into an NS&I direct saver. Winners are notified by email or text to let them know that they have won a prize. The money will then normally be paid into the person’s bank account by the seventh working day of the month. Another option for a person’s winnings is to reinvest the money to buy more bonds. READ MORE: UK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures' Having more bonds increases a saver’s chances of winning again. If a person chooses this, the prize money will be automatically reinvested by NS&I. New bonds will be eligible to win prizes from the next draw. People can also opt to get their prize money via a cheque in the post. More than 400 Britons have become millionaires through Premium Bonds. NS&I marked its 65th anniversary in June 2022, with more than 4.8 million prizes paid out to date. Jill Waters, retail director at NS&I, said that recent changes will mean people have more chances of winning. She said: “Firstly, we were pleased to announce the increase of Premium Bonds prize fund rate from one percent to 1.40 percent, effective from this month’s draw, which will see an extra 1.4 million prizes paid out. READ MORE: Scam warning: Santander explains what it'll never do “Premium Bonds have really changed over the years, with the first draw having 23,142 prizes and this month’s draw seeing a total of 4,823,067 prizes – a record number for a Premium Bonds prize draw.” Some £74 million in prizes are still unclaimed. Anyone who thinks they may have missed out on a prize should check the NS&I prize checker online, or via the official app on an Alexa-enabled device. On the group’s website, it said: “Each £1 Bond number has an equal chance of winning, regardless of when or where it was bought. "Over 95 percent of eligible Premium Bonds have been bought since the year 2000. “So even though Premium Bonds have been on sale for over 60 years, this is why newer Bonds seem to win more frequently.” Premium Bonds can be cashed in at any time and this can be done online or over the phone. The person will need to have their number and bank account details to hand to arrange this. Those cashing in a child’s Premium Bonds will need their number and account details, as well as the bond record for specific bonds.