Rylan Clark has hit back at claims BBC licence fee payers are “paying for him to go out and get p***ed” during the Eurovision coverage. He insisted he is sent out on cheap flights and pays for his own drinks. The former X Factor star hosted the Beeb’s Eurovision coverage from Turin earlier this year. Some of his antics included taking the acts out boozing - which angered some viewers. “Looking online you’ll get the odd idiot like, ‘Why are we paying for you to go out and get p***ed?’ You’re not,” he said. “Basically, as a licence payer, you’re paying 28 quid for Ryanair from Stansted at half seven in the f***ing morning. “If I’m going out and getting p***ed, I’m paying,” he added to the Big Issue magazine. Back in May, Rylan appeared on The One Show alongside Sam Ryder, who came in second place in the competition. Host Alex Jones poked fun at the rumours Rylan had got in trouble with Eurovision bosses for being a bad influence on them. Sam, Rylan and co-presenter Scott Mills joined Alex and her co-star Ronan Keating remotely, as Alex jokingly begged the SPACE MAN singer to hold off on his big night out until after the finals that week. Alex said: “I know, Rylan, that you’ve been in trouble in the past because you’ve got this tradition of taking out the UK entry the night before the competition for a big night out and then it all goes a bit pear (shaped)." Turning to TikTok sensation Sam, she continued: “Now Sam, you need to be aware, he’s into tequila.” While Alex continued with an air of mock sincerity, the three men fell about laughing as they heard what she was saying through their earpieces. Rylan, however, was keen to clarify that he was assuredly not sabotaging the competition with any boozy nights out this year. “Listen, Sam has been extremely good this week, he’s been on vocal rest…” he insisted. “I’ve been eating my salads!” Sam chimed in, before Rylan quipped: “Alright calm yourself!” Scott added: “To be fair it is tradition that Rylan does take the acts out, but it hasn’t happened this year. As Rylan mysteriously interjected with a “not yet”, Scott continued: “It might happen on Saturday.” “It will happen on Saturday,” Rylan reassured Sam. Later on in the interview, Rylan admitted that the UK team had also had a “couple of drinks” with Ireland’s hopeful, Brooke Scullion. With the venue for next year’s Eurovision up in the air after Ukraine’s entry won the competition, Rylan quipped that he would be in tow wherever it is - “even if they don’t want me”.