Prince George took centre stage in the Centre Court stands at the men’s singles final at Wimbledon last weekend, joining the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to watch defending champion Novak Djokovic retain his title. And as the eldest Cambridge prince gets older, he is stepping into the public eye - although this trend may reverse in later years, Professor Cele Otnes explained. Professor Otnes, the co-author of “Royal Fever”, described the famed Grand Slam as an example of “Kate and William bringing their children into the limelight”. She added: “It definitely seems that this is happening more with Prince George! “But he is the older, the heir, and also clearly has an interest in sports. “[It] seems like Louis is still too young, and perhaps Charlotte hasn't expressed the interest in football [...] and tennis that George has.” Professor Otnes then pointed to the media training the eight-year-old heir is now exposed to, including meeting with public figures at royal engagements. Arriving at a private entrance to last Sunday’s event, Prince George, who is third in line to the throne, was greeted by Wimbledon chairman, Ian Hewitt. The Duchess of Cambridge introduced her young son to the chairman, exchanging pleasantries and smiling warmly. She then commented: "Ian, hello, good morning again, this is George, this is Ian. READ MORE: Prince Charles' 'unusual food habit' laid bare as busy royal She quipped at Prince George: “Ian's in charge of everything, makes sure everything runs to plan." Mr Hewitt responded: "Well, that's the plan.” Professor Otnes described this moment as one of “training” with the media, in which Prince George becomes “used to being in the limelight”. She told Express.co.uk: “It does look quite like George is beginning to be trained on how to interact with officials, etc. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry risks creating 'wild west' with claim [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Harry ‘spike’ his upcoming memoir? [VOTE]Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' [ANALYSIS] “After all, becoming King one day takes a lot of socialization time, and [William and Kate] probably think that as soon as he gets used to being in the limelight and meeting lots of different people, the better it will be.” But there will come a point where that exposure tails off, as it did with Prince William and Prince Harry in later school years, Professor Otnes predicted. She added: "Doubtless they will ask for protection from the press during his later school years, as William and Harry received, so the training would have to be minimal then." Prince George, smart in a navy suit for his Wimbledon debut, was quickly reunited with Prince William as the family made their way to their seats for the match. In a clip captured shortly after their arrival, the Duke of Cambridge can be seen asking his son if he is "okay", who promptly responded he was "too hot". With temperatures nearly 30C on the baking weekend day, Kate appeared to reassure her son that they would largely be sat in the shade throughout the event.