Leeds director Victor Orta has opened talks with Juan Mata's father and agent as he looks to explore a potential deal for the experienced playmaker, according to reports in Spain. The Whites have already made six exciting signings this summer in the form of Brenden Aaronson, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca, Darko Gyabi, Tyler Adams and Luis Sinisterra but it appears the spending will not be stopping there...  With Raphinha set to follow Kalvin Phillips out the door for another substantial fee, Leeds are looking to totally revamp Jesse Marsch's squad following last season's nail-biting relegation dogfight. There has been a clear focus and emphasis on signing young players with high potential during their recruitment drive and ultimately, some experience would be welcomed. According to AS, Leeds and Orta are now looking into the possibility of signing Mata on a free transfer following his release from Manchester United. Juan Manuel Mata Rodriguez, who is Mata's father, is currently operating as his agent as he looks to find his son a new challenge. READ MORE: Man Utd 'close Frenkie de Jong transfer deal with Barcelona' but face final obstacle There has been interest from a number of Spanish clubs while Galatasaray and Besiktas are also said to be keen on acquiring the services of Mata. The former Chelsea attacker has only reportedly received one concrete offer though and that is seemingly from Leeds. It's claimed the Whites are keen to close a transfer and negotiations remain 'on track' - meaning Mata could be set to stay in the Premier League. As it stands, it's unclear how much Leeds would be prepared to offer Mata, who is keen to remain at the top level for as long as possible. DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPAjax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro MartinezErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree De Jong fee, Ajax in Martinez meeting, Chelsea £34m deal Several clubs from the MLS have also shown interest in signing the 34-year-old, who will feel disappointed with how his career played out at Manchester United. Should he sign for Leeds, Mata will bring a winning mentality with him having won a series of major trophies for both club and country. During his time at Chelsea, he won the Champions League, Europa League and FA Cup before sealing his shock switch to Old Trafford in January 2014. The attacking midfielder would go on to win the FA Cup, Community Shield, League Cup and Europa League during his time with the Red Devils.  He was also part of the Spain squad that won the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 under Vicente del Bosque. Leeds are looking for some additional creativity in the final after as they prepare to wave goodbye to Barcelona-bound Raphinha. Mata certainly has an eye for goal and a pass having scored 52 goals and assisted 54 times in the Premier League in 278 appearances. Raphinha was Leeds' top scorer last season, netting 11 times and assisting three goals in 35 Premier League outings...