When an incumbent James Bond retires, the names of big stars are always thrown around. However, when Daniel Craig was cast in 2005’s Casino Royale there was a huge amount of surprise from the public. The little-known ‘that guy from Layer Cake’ had bagged the role only to go on to prove doubters wrong and become one of the biggest stars in the world. Now Craig has bowed out so explosively in No Time To Die, once again the big names are dominating the bookies’ odds with A-listers who might be too old or too famous to be cast as Bond. These include Casino Royale runner-up Henry Cavill, Tom Hardy, Regé-Jean Page and Idris Elba. In reality, Bond producer Barbara Broccoli has said production on the new 007 movie will not begin for two years and they haven’t started casting. However, when EON Productions do, they’ll want to go for actors who were in Craig’s position back in 2005 – younger, rising stars who are still “that guy from that thing”. A few names in this bracket have been thrown around from Harris Dickinson to George MacKay. However, one who makes a perfect fit for 007 auditions in the mid-2020s is Irish actor Daryl McCormack. At 29 years old, the Peaky Blinders cast member has so much going for him apart from being at a good age to play a younger Bond. If anything, co-starring opposite Emma Thompson in Good Luck to You, Leo Grande this year proved it. READ MORE: James Bond: Sean Connery's generous turn in last 007 performance The 6’2 tall McCormack played a suave, charming, muscular gentleman sex worker. Interestingly, Craig starred in a similar film before 007 about relations with an older woman called The Mother. Traditionally, part of the Bond auditions sees contenders have to reenact a scene from Sean Connery’s From Russia With Love. The moment sees 007 enter a bedroom in just a towel while holding a gun and approach a Bond girl on a bed – something the handsome Irish rising star would nail. And being the first mixed-race actor to play Ian Fleming’s spy would also be a fresh change for the franchise, reflecting the diversity of modern Britain. DON'T MISSJames Bond secrets: Bizarre way Sean Connery prepared for love scenes [SEAN CONNERY]Moonraker Bond girl Lois Chiles: ‘Roger Moore's charm was a defence’ [ROGER MOORE]The Spy Who Loved Me Bond girl on Roger Moore’s ‘naughty’ little trick [ROGER MOORE] As it stands in the bookies’ race for the next Bond, Cavill leads the pack on 3-1, followed by Page on 7-2 in second. Meanwhile, an actor like McCormack is way back on 66-1. Such speculation should be taken with a pinch of salt, but we wouldn’t be surprised if a younger, less well-known actor will be more likely to bag Bond after Craig. A spokesperson for Coral said: “Daryl McCormack is an up-and-coming star and whilst he is not a front-runner in the Bond market, we are adding him in as a 66-1 outside chance to step into 007's shoes next.”