With temperatures reaching unprecedented levels across the country last week, owners of an independent shop in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, soon realised their air conditioning unit could not handle the extreme heat. As a result, Ellis Stores on Cottage Beck Road saw most of their chocolate melt. Linda Ellis runs the shop alongside her husband Stephen. "You could have drank some of those chocolate bars," she said. The two owners were forced to replace all of their spoiled stock, reports Grimsby Live. Due to excesses and the rise in premiums for next year's insurance, they said it was simply not worth claiming. Their daughter Claire York took it upon herself to set up a GoFundMe page to help her parents recoup their losses from last week's extreme weather. On GoFundMe, Claire wrote: "Hi, I'm Claire and I'm here to try and help raise some funds for my absolutely amazing parents, Linda and Stephen who are the proud owners of Ellis Stores. "To say they've had a pretty pants year when it comes to the shop would be an understatement. "Unfortunately during Monday and Tuesdays extreme weather the air conditioning system couldn't keep up with the heat and they lost all thier chocolate, probably looking at nearly £1000 worth of stock. "Due to excesses and the rise in premiums for next year's insurance its just not worth claiming. "I'm hoping all the locals and our friends and family could just donate a little or give it a share to try help out a little independent shop. "I know they do so much for everyone else and help out whenever they can. "Any help to replenish the stock lost would be very much appreciated. "They will probably hate that I've done this but they deserve a break. "Thanks xx".  The shop has already received hundreds in donations, even receiving funds from Australia and New Zealand. The online fundraiser has raised £400 and many other locals have donated money in person.  "It's overwhelming really, all I've done is cry for three days," she added. "It's really lovely knowing that people are wanting to help us out. It's been a really tough four years with prices going up and this is really keeping me going. I was just about ready to throw in the towel." You can still donate to the fundraiser through the link here.