Dave Winchester said his father’s dying wish was for him to lose weight. The 36-year-old used to weigh 27 stone. He remembers breaking beds, sofas and chairs, as well as getting abused by strangers on the street for his weight. A data analyst, from Kent, Mr Winchester rarely left the house. He also struggled to find clothes online or drive, as his belly would be rammed up against the steering wheel.But he has now been named Slimming World’s Man of the Year for shedding a whopping 14 stone. Slimming World helps Britons to lose weight via helpful changes to their lifestyles, diets, and fitness regime. Last year’s winner, Ken McLeod, won the award for losing nine stone in the space of 18 months. He said he did so after being “given another chance at life”. The retired police detective from Yorkshire turned his life around after struggling with his health. After reaching more than 23 stone when he became less active in his role as a police detective, Ken knew he had to do something about his weight. He said: “I began to put on weight, but it appeared so gradual I failed to pay much attention to it, my job became more office based and semi-retired I found I had more time to eat out and socialise, I hadn’t realised just how unwell I was becoming. “I used to love gardening and tinkering in the garage on old cars but I would get so breathless and struggle to get up from the floor that I started to lose interest in doing the things I loved the most.” Ken’s weight was stopping him from enjoying day-to-day activities, and even holidays with his wife, Jeannette. The couple took a trip to Scotland in 2018, which motivated Ken to make changes to his lifestyle. A life-threatening health condition was also a catalyst. READ MORE: Adults say more than 1,000 negative things about themselves each year [REVEAL] The 62-year-old said: “When I look back on that trip to Scotland with Jeanette I felt like we missed out on so much because I was unable to walk far and enjoy the beautiful scenery. “Then, the morning of our thirty-ninth wedding anniversary, I woke with a terrible pain in my calf, I decided to go for a walk to try and ease the pain but became so unwell I collapsed in the street. “I had developed thrombosis which led to a pulmonary embolism. During my journey to hospital, I suffered a cardiac arrest and my heart stopped for ten minutes. “Miraculously I survived my ordeal, but it took me over twelve months to fully recover mainly due to me being so overweight and unfit. “I knew something had to change and inspired by one of my friends who had been successful at a local Slimming World group and spurred on by Jeanette I decided to give it a go.”