Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has dropped a bombshell on Instagram by claiming that he will play in Sunday's pre-season friendly against Rayo Vallecano. The Portuguese superstar was left out of Erik ten Hag's squad to play Atletico Madrid in Oslo on Saturday after requesting to leave Old Trafford earlier this month. The plan for Ronaldo's return to the side remained foggy after this week's transfer talks with Erik ten Hag failed to bear fruit. The 37-year-old is keen to leave in search of Champions League football after United finished sixth in the Premier League last term. And having returned to Carrington on Tuesday, the Portuguese stood firm with agent Jorge Mendes by his side. Ten Hag has publicly maintained that Ronaldo is not for sale, insisting that he is looking forward to working together during the upcoming season. United fans now have a major clue on when they'll see the former Real Madrid and Juventus star in action due to an Instagram bombshell. On a post made by a fan account showing the Red Devils' squad list against Atletico, in which Ronaldo was not included, he commented: "On Sunday, the king plays." A host of United's second-string stars have been left in England for a pre-season friendly against Rayo Vallecano on Sunday, with most of the major first-team stars gearing up for the clash with Atleti. Ronaldo may still lack match fitness after missing the whole of his side's pre-season tour of Australia and Thailand, instead remaining in Portugal due to a personal issue. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk. 