Gary Lineker has sparked furious calls to "defund the BBC" following the news that he is the highest paid BBC star. It comes as the Match of the Day presenter topped the list of the BBC's best-paid stars for the fifth year in a row, which saw him take £1.35million in the last financial year. The broadcaster released a report detailing their top-earners earlier today. But following the news, disgruntled BBC viewers took to Twitter to call for the broadcaster to be defunded. Twitter user @cole_stephen wrote: "Gary Lineker stays top of BBC stars salaries list - #Defund the BBC,"while sharing the article from the BBC. Sharing the same story, @FigaroGal penned: "Obscene amounts of money. Sooner BBC is disbanded the better. Gary Lineker stays top of BBC star salaries list." READ MORE: Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony Replying to the news which was shared by GB News' Twitter account, @Black_Author wrote: "We need to take the word 'British' out of 'BBC' #DefundTheBBC the woke, leftwing, anti-British @BBCNews and ditch @GaryLineker they must go," before tagging a number of other TV personalities. The Match of the Day's presenter salary is less from the £1.36million he earned last year which followed a pay cut from £1.75milion. After Gary was BBC Radio 2 presenter Zoe Ball who took £980,000. Steve Wright and Alan Shearer both came in third with £450,000. Other BBC stars who were named in the top 10 included Huw Edwards at number six, Fiona Bruce alongside Fiona Bruce, Scott Mills at number eight and Greg James who came in tenth.  Gary has been presenting Match of the Day since the late 90s following his retirement from professional football. The broadcaster is one of the best-paid stars of the BBC, being paid a reported £1.75 million annually from 2016 until the 2019/2020 financial year. However, his new contract saw him take a pay cut of 23 percent. It equates to a cut of £400,000 and the five-year deal is said to be worth £6.75million. DON'T MISS...Michael Ball 'absolutely devastated' as he cancels show with Alfie Boe [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings [INSIGHT]Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split' [ANALYSIS] At the time Gary told The Daily Mirror: "I love my job at the BBC and I enjoy doing it. "I'm currently negotiating a new contract with them and I'm volunteering to take less." However, the star still takes home cash from his corporate sponsors, including Walkers Crisps. He has worked with the brand for 25 years and in October 2020 signed a new £1.2million deal with the company to be in its employ until 2023. Last year the star spoke to Ros Atkins on BBC Radio 4 about justifying his £1.75 million salary. The star said: "I think it's obviously been a long-term process and my salary has gradually come down," he admitted, before laughing. "But no, obviously I was in a fortuitous position. "I was sought after by numerous channels over the years and football is global, it's big business," he explained.