Iconic comedy actress Carol Burnett makes a surprise appearance in the final episodes of Better Call Saul, the equally successful spin-off series to Breaking Bad. Main cast member Rhea Seehorn, who portrays the wife of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk), has now opened up about what it was like to meet the legendary TV and film star on the set of AMC’s hit drama. Rhea has paid tribute to Better Call Saul’s latest guest star Carol, who appeared in the 10th episode of season six, Nippy. Carol portrays Marion in one of the final episodes of the series, which fast-forwards back to Jimmy’s new life as Gene Takavic in 2010. “She’s amazing. Incredibly nice, yeah,” Rhea recalled of Carol’s time on the series. “She’s one of those people where, to me - obviously she’s a legend to lots of people. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming “She’s a hero to me and just an icon, someone I’ve admired forever.” The iconic screen actress has made appearances in US comedy and variety shows since the 1950s. Carol went on to host The Carol Burnett Show for 11 years over its original run, and returned for a number of reunions and anniversary specials. Despite her prolific television career, Rhea assured Seth Meyers on Late Night the one-off star was one of the nicest guests the cast have ever welcomed to the series. She continued: “So you never know what it’s going to be like when you meet those people. She could not be nicer. “She could not be more genuine and generous, and she’s a huge fan of the show.” Rhea was thrilled to discover Carol was a huge fan of her character Kim, and wanted to find out more about the long-suffering wife of the show’s eponymous conman. The actress recalled: “So, when they said, ‘Carol wants to know if you want to go to dinner’, I was so excited.” DON'T MISS:Neighbours’ Harold Bishop star addresses ‘uncomfortable’ filming [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Brida star admits being mocked by Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]Prince Harry will ‘not approve’ of The Crown’s portrayal of Diana [OPINION] “I went and I was shaking and she started asking about Kim Wexler’s scenes, like, in detail. “She’s a huge Kim Wexler fan. And I burst into tears! I mean, it’s Carol Burnett!” The Better Call Saul favourite finally highlighted one of Carol’s interesting quirks which her fans may not have been aware of. “I can’t say enough nice things about her. She walks around with these little cards, they’re the cutest thing,” Rhea said. “It’s a little caricature that was drawn of her, I think by a famous artist, that her husband made, that says ‘Carol’s Cosmo’. “And it has the recipe for the particular way she likes her cosmo, ‘cause when she travels all the time her husband wanted her to have the comfort of the drink he usually makes for her perfectly." Seth joked: “The two things I’ve heard about her is she’s one of the nicest people in the world. But if you get her drink wrong she loses her s**t!” Gene’s story after the end of Breaking Bad may be over for now, though there are still three more episodes and plenty more surprises still to come. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.