 Workers are urged to check their tax codes regularly as sometimes they can change without a person realising. Tax codes can change for a number of reasons such as when they change jobs, they begin working for an employer after being self-employed or if they get company benefits or the state pension. HMRC should update the tax code when the employer contacts them with the correct details.     However, sometimes an error can occur in HMRC’s system. If left too long, people could end up paying more tax than they should it could also cause them to not pay enough. Which? suggested that Britons check their tax code each year or after changing jobs to ensure it is correct. There are various codes depending on how much a person earns and their situation. READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account    A tax code is simply a series of numbers and letters such as 1257L, S1257L, C1257L, BR, and K497. The most common tax code in the UK is 1257L, as it is used for most people with one PAYE job and no untaxed income, unpaid tax, or taxable benefits. The numbers represent how much a person can earn tax free, which is just the personal allowance that is set as £12,570. The letters in the tax code represent the different situations people may be in.    These are: L - Basic personal allowance for someone born after April 5, 1948 0T - No personal allowance BR - All income from this source is taxed at the basic rate DO - All income from this source is taxed at the higher rate D1 - All income from this source is taxed at the additional rate K - Total deductions exceed their allowances M - Marriage Allowance receiving 10 percent of their spouse or civil partners’ personal allowance N - Marriage Allowance providing 10 percent of their unused personal allowance to their spouse or civil partner NT - No tax is due on this income C - Paying income tax in Wales S - Paying Scottish rate of Income Tax in Scotland T - Tax office needs to review the tax code or to keep personal details confidential W1 or M1 - Emergency tax codes for week one or month one depending on when a person gets paid.  Taxpayers can check their code on their Personal Tax Account, on the Government website GOV.UK.  READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams  This will also have information about a person’s tax code for the previous year and for the coming year. Users will need to create a Government Gateway account to access the online service. Personal tax codes are also be found on a person’s payslip, on their P45 if they have recently left a job, on their P60 at the end of a tax year, or in a tax code letter from HMRC. If a person believes that their tax code is wrong, they can update their employment details online. They can also notify HMRC over the phone about the changes to their income.     If tax has been overpaid, then HMRC will contact a person’s employer and it will be refunded in their next payslip. However, if the tax refund is due for a previous tax year Britons will usually be sent a cheque.Taxpayers are able to claim back up to four years worth of overpaid tax. If a person has underpaid tax due to the result of an incorrect tax code then HMRC will give them a tax bill. A payment plan can be set up with HMRC if a person is unable to pay back the amount owed.                