Doctor Michael Mosley is a weight loss guru who pioneered the Very Fast 800 and the New 5:2 Diet. He advocates for rapid weight loss through a moderately low-carb Mediterranean diet. Weight loss isn't exactly synonymous with dessert, but it doesn't mean slimmers must totally restrict themselves when losing weight. Dieters can still enjoy the occasional sweet treat when following a low-carb Mediterranean diet. Slimmers are encouraged to cut right down on sugar when following any of Doctor Michael's rapid weight loss diets. The Fast 800 official website reads: "Reduce your intake of sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts." READ MORE: Alison Hammond weight loss: ITV star ditched one carb from her diet So, reaching for decadent cakes and indulgent chocolate biscuits may be a no go in order to see real results. Instead, Doctor Michael suggested that dieters should opt for a few squares of dark chocolate. Contrary to popular belief, alcohol is not totally out of the question either. The Fast 800 official website reads: "Research shows that resveratrol, a compound present in red wine (as well as in blueberries, cranberries and cocoa, can contribute to the health benefits of the Mediterranean Diet. "So, if you would like to complement your recipes with the occasional glass of red or piece of dark chocolate, you can. "Just be mindful on fasting days as the calories can be significant." On the Very Fast 800 Diet, slimmers have an allowance of 800 calories per day. On the New 5:2 Diet, slimmers should limit their calorie intake to 800 calories just two days per week, not restricting their calories the rest of the time. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice weight loss: What the royal 'certainly' did to slim Fruit is also a great dessert for those who want to lose weight. However, Doctor Michael warned against some particularly sweet ones. The official website reads: "Enjoy berries, apples and pears, which have less sugar than sweet, tropical fruits such as mango, pineapple and melon." As for non-desserts, the Mediterranean Diet is high in unsaturated fats, proteins and vegetables. The expert hails eggs as a fantastic fat loss food, as they are versatile and are "delicious" with other nutritious foods such as greens and smoked salmon. Doctor Michael also recommended stocking up on lots of colourful vegetables, from "dark leafy greens to bright red tomatoes". Fats are not the enemy, according to the weight loss guru, with olive oil and oily fish celebrated. Nuts are also a source of healthy fats and protein - and much better for snacking on than processed goodies.