Sir Sean Connery is best known for his illustrious acting career, most notably as enigmatic British secret agent James Bond who he played from 1962 to 1971 and in 1983. The actor also appeared in other films such as Alfred Hitchcock's Marnie in 1964 and Steven Spielberg's Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade in 1989. Sean was knighted by the Queen at a ceremony at Holyrood Palace in Edinburgh in 2000 and retired in 2006. The actor had many properties over the years. He owned the Domaine de Terre Blanche in the South of France before selling it to German billionaire Dietmar Hopp in 1999. He also had a villa in Kranidi, Greece where his neighbour was King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands. The actor died at the age of 90 in 2020 at his home in the Bahamas. READ MORE: Queen rented her first marital home - inside little-known £2m property In the months prior to his death, the actor’s stunning French Riviera home, Villa Le Roc Fleuri, was put on sale. The property, which was originally listed for £26.6million in 2020, was a glamorous 1920s villa. The late actor’s home was known as “Sean’s place” by locals. The home was built on a hillside and had stunning views of the Mediterranean Sea.  DON'T MISS‘Simple’ wet towel hack to keep homes cool in heatwave [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]‘Biggest risk’ to plants during hot weather - how to protect plants [ANALYSIS] The gorgeous villa was set on 1/24 acres of land with two extra guests houses. The property was also just 30 minutes from both Monaco and Cannes. The actor is thought to have resided there in the 1980s and 90s, and was even used to film scenes in the James Bond move, Never Say Never Again in 1983. The home, which he shared with his second wife and widow, Micheline Rocquebrune, included six floors and eight bedrooms, three reception rooms, five bathrooms, a gym and a fitness room. There were also two swimming pools, a wine cellar, a utility room and a staff flat above the garage. The gardens were also filled with incredible brightly coloured plants and palm trees. The home screamed decadence and luxury floor with panoramic views over the Port of Nice. However, the luxurious property on the Cap de Nice had its price slashed early last year after the property failed to sell at its original asking price.  The property’s asking price was halved to £13.3million, according to MailOnline. A flat in Belgravia also previously owned by Sean was listed for £1.6million in December 2020. It’s thought that Sean spent the last years of his life in the Bahamas with his wife Micheline before he passed away.