The fifth series of the Channel 4 staple is finally back, with both old and new faces of Ackley Bridge fronting the school-based favourite. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Ackley Bridge producer Jade Taylor explored the hurdles facing the latest instalments, admitting "everything was thrown at us".  Jade explained: "From a production point of view, we were still having to work within Covid. "But I think we had a really, really huge series that we were operating under those conditions. "And actually, we had everything thrown at us, including the Halifax snow - and we didn't dodge a day's filming, so it was brilliant." She added: "In terms of the production, we also have a fantastic team. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue "The head of production, the head of costume, the head of make-up, all made it. "And I know the girls had a particularly brilliant time creating their assets and their looks in this series, which I think have evolved actually from series four. "It was really brilliant and everyone had a bit of a hand in designing that for each of their characters, which is great. "It's been an absolute joy to work on Ackley Bridge. "I think it's such a wonderful, wonderful show. We have the opportunity every day to tell stories we are passionate about, that feel pertinent to the world. "Working with working-class communities in the north that resonate with schools, we do an awful lot of research before we start storylining any of the stories. "And that's always been really fruitful for us and it's always a really enjoyable experience. "Having the chance to come up with the new stories, come up with new characters - it's a really, really creative gig certainly from a producer's point of view, you get to be involved in all the creative stuff, which is amazing and you don't always get that on other shows you work on." DON'T MISS... Union boss Mick Lynch clashes with Charlotte Hawkins over demands [VIDEO]Ben Shephard fumes as phone company hounds guest over late mother [LATEST]Denise Welch sparks backlash with heatwave rant 'Probably won't die' [VIDEO]  Megan Morgan took over the role of Marina for the latest season and she revealed what was in store for her character. She explained: "[Marina] puts on this front for everyone, because she does she comes across really confident, she comes like she knows exactly who she is to the world. "But where she fits and whether her being who she really is enough to feel accepted by her family and by her friends and the people around her [is questionable]. "I think she's created this lifestyle and life on social media, in school. The Channel 4 series hasn't been on screens since April 2021, so viewers were excited for its return. The synopsis for season five reads: "Life gets complicated for Marina (Megan Morgan), Kayla’s popular Queen Bee sister, just as her younger brother Kyle (Adam Little), Ackley’s newest pupil and troublemaker, turns up at school, fresh out of juvie. "It’s been a year already jam-packed with love triangles, catfishing, compulsive liars and one utterly joyous (albeit failed) gypsy wedding. "But it’s not over until the last school bell rings and there’s still plenty of time before the sun breaks on the summer holidays…" Ackley Bridge season 5 is available to watch on All4.