Speaking on Dan Wootton’s show on Wednesday, Christine Hamilton and Nile Gardiner shared their concerns about a potentially “destabilising” comeback should the outgoing PM try to stay in power. Media personality and author Christine Hamilton argued that the process had “got to continue”, despite the “uninspiring” choice of candidates Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak.  She told the panel: “It’s the MPs who got rid of him collectively, they’re the one that have caused this leadership election, Rishi Sunak in particular. “They’re behaving like a cross between a Kamikaze pilot and a load of lemmings. “This process, this system is now in train and it’s just got to continue. “Boris has lost the confidence and the support of his MPs and they made this unbelievably boring and uninspiring bed and the grassroots members now unfortunately have to lie in it.  “I think it’s actually deeply irresponsible if any Tory MPs get behind this because it’s destabilising.” Host Mr Wootton hit back that it was simply about “democracy” for the Tory MPs, adding: “From their point of view, less than three years ago they voted this guy in with a landslide majority to deliver Brexit, he delivered Brexit. “A lot of these members feel that there was a relentless MSM [mainstream media] campaign to get Boris out and they feel like democracy has been undermined and they want the party to give them a say on Boris.” READ MORE: Ukrainian MPs back plan to hand Boris new job in Zelensky's war effort Former aide to Margaret Thatcher Nile Gardiner expressed the view that removing Mr Johnson from power was “wrong” but added the “train had left the station” with regard to choosing a new leader. He said: “Firstly the removal of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister was wrong. “I do have a lot of sympathy for those grassroots members of the Conservative Party who want to have a say here and I think there’s nothing wrong with this idea of having a petition in support of Boris, that is democracy in practice within the Conservative Party.  DON'T MISS:GB news: Rishi Sunak slammed for campaigning like a ‘novice’ [LATEST]Camilla opens up on George, Charlotte and Louis 'They teach me things' [ROYALS]Biden presidency an 'Orwellian nightmare' as Kamala Harris row erupts [REVEAL] “Having said that, I do think the train has left the station in terms of the leadership contest and you do have a battle between two very different politicians here. “Liz Truss essentially is a Thatcherite politician, Rishi Sunak represents a sort of big Government high tax approach, very very different from the policy prescriptions of Liz Truss. “I don’t think the Prime Minister has any intention of intervening.” 