Chelsea have reportedly struck an agreement with Manchester City to sign their winger Raheem Sterling. The Blues will shell out £47.5million to get their hands on the England international, seven years after he moved to the Etihad Stadium from Liverpool.  Chelsea have been heavily linked with Sterling over the summer as new owner Todd Boehly looks to take the club into a new era following his takeover at the end of May. And, according to The Athletic, Sterling has already agreed personal terms with the west London giants on a five-year contract with the option of a sixth year. Chelsea are now set to schedule a medical for Sterling in the capital before the deal is completed. And the ace will then link-up with his new team-mates for their summer tour to the USA. Sterling has been a key player for the Citizens since joining them and has been instrumental to their league and cup successes. Since the 27-year-old arrived in Manchester, he has won four Premier League titles, five League Cups and the FA Cup. And he has bagged an incredible 131 goals and 94 assists in 337 appearances. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star    Despite his influence on the side, Sterling was often named on the bench by Pep Guardiola last season and found regular starts harder to come by. With Phil Foden’s emergence in recent years and the addition of Jack Grealish last summer, Sterling cut a frustrated figure on the bench at times. And with Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez arriving at the club this summer, the star could drop even further down the pecking order next season if he were to stay where he is. Sterling has already held talks with Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel to discuss what life at Stamford Bridge is really like. And the pacey attacker was said to be impressed by the German’s vision for the club. So Sterling will be hoping the move can help him stay at the top of the game for even longer. DON'T MISS Hakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea future Juventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circle Ronaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future   Chelsea could be revitalised during the upcoming campaign after their season fizzled out last time around when Roman Abramovich was sanctioned and subsequently put the club up for sale. The Blues are now looking to shake up their frontline and have shipped Romelu Lukaku back off to Inter Milan on loan. And if Sterling’s deal does go through, Chelsea will get their hands on an experienced attacker who has proved year after year that he has what it takes to succeed in the Premier League.  